B002BNKQDK|5.0|This product is perfect for any watchmen fan, the ship is a great copy of the original and the light and sounds are nice details also. I recommend it.
0061433047|4.0|Terry Pratchett's DiscWorld novels are always enjoyable, easy to read, and fun, but this one went a step further. Get this book for the teenager in your life. Or the teenager in you!<br /><br />The two features that set this book apart from Terry Pratchett's other books, for me, were the descriptions of what a witch is and does, and the evil that protagonist teen witch Tiffany Aching must fight.<br /><br />Witches are the people who take on the problems that are no-one else's problems, that see what no-one wants to see. She tends to the sick and forgotten, buries the unwanted, and is generally the mortar that keeps their society together.<br /><br />Sure, she has some magic. And a broomstick. And a pointy black hat. Mostly though, she's got common sense and a caring attitude, and it suits the villagers to think it's magic.<br /><br />The evil chasing her is a witch-hunter, twisted by religious beliefs, who died long ago, and is now an idea. The idea infects people when they start to hate, to fear, to be jealous. At the end of the book Tiffany gets a school built, so that the villagers have ideas in their head, and don't have space for the evil one.<br /><br />This would be a great book for a young teenager (the protagonist is 16, so probably ages a bit under that). It's funny, entertaining, and brings up important issues in a light-hearted fashion.
B000641Z90|5.0|The DVD of this concert tour is fabulous....I never was able to attend his concerts and watching this makes me feel like I'm actually there.
B001R10BMS|4.0|My son was very pleased when I gave him this DVD.  He had not been able to find it and needed it to complete his 007 collection.
B00007K02F|4.0|This is my favorite book of all time so I always try to buy any version when I know about it. This version is fairly true to the book with dialogue but I am not a William Hurt fan and so having him play Rochester was somewhat difficult for me but it was an enjoyable film version nonetheless.
0312370849|5.0|What a captivating book!!  I have enoyed every minute of finding out what is coming next and the historical aspect has brought new insights and meaning to me.  I had no idea that the French Police had to play such a role in this event.  I have now searched pictures of the plaques in France and the Velodrome to see for myself.    Beautifully written to keep you in the pages.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I had no idea how out of shape I was before I started using this dvd. I guess looking in shape is far from actually being in shape. I've been working out Level 1 for two weeks now and threw a level 2 in there once, but couldnt handle it quite yet. This video is great because all the workouts even the modified versions are a challenge and certain to make you sweat and build muscle. This is my first Jullian Michaels dvd, looking forward to gaining some more strength with this video and then picking up her newest that just released.
0385528752|4.0|There are plenty of reviews here, I can add that for me an excellent insight was on how to lead change. 'Script the Change', or lay out key steps to move your team closer to the goal.     \\"Too often leaders take pride in setting the vision and staying out of the details, but in a change situation the hardest part IS the details.\\" Ambiguity is the enemy of successful change, we need to translate vague goals into concrete behaviours.     For example if your goal is 'communicate & collaborate' you could add specific steps that will encourage this; 'we won't email someone unless the information is relevant' and 'everyone will attend one meeting of another team every week for a month'.    This one idea was worth the purchase price. The book contains plenty of idea's on how to effect a positive change in a disengaged team. Give it a try.
B000Z9PYJS|5.0|A gripping tale about a young boy shipwrecked at sea with a bengal tiger. Martel does a splendid job of building the story of who our hero Pi is and how he manages to survive at sea for 227 days. I could not stop reading the last 100 pages or so. It finished very well. If you want an entertaining book to read then go ahead and buy Life of Pi. It will be worth your money.
0756404738|5.0|This blog ([...]) has been quiet this week - and this would be because March 1st heralded the release of The Wise Man's Fear (Kingkiller Chronicles, Day 2), by Rothfuss. I mean, this week has been HUGE in fantasy book releases, you know? We also had Malazan #10 release on the same day, I haven't read this tome and won't until I re-read the earlier books.    I digress.    Patrick Rothfuss amazed me in his Debut novel, The Name of the Wind (Kingkiller Chronicles, Day 1). The amazing magic theory and system reached out and grabbed my imagination. I was on fire! Reading this multiple times didn't dim the beauty of the story, and my interest in Kvothe. Completely unique in the fantasy echelon, this book is a breath of fresh air.     My words fail me - I can't even describe The Wise Man's Fear.  I can share lines from thebook: Here, a quote from Page 1:   \\"It was deep and wide as autumn's ending. It was heavy as a great river-smooth stone. It was the patient, cut-flower sound of a man who is waiting to die.\\"    I can talk about its slow buildup, astounding scope, and Kvothe's growth from a boy into a fighter, and a man.    Really, I can't do justice to this world and series. I would recommend that you buy it for yourself and see. Experience this fantastic world of Kvothe. Go to the Collegium with him, burn with his thirst of knowledge. Drink and play music with his friends, struggle through tuition payments and set off to earn fame and fortune. Make enemies who will curse you for a lifetime, be seduced by a Fae dream, and master fighting.
B000N4SHPS|4.0|After recently viewing &#34;Rocky Balboa,&#34; I will cut right to the chase: Sylvester Stallone impressed me with this movie.  Having seen more than a few of his truly awful, non-&#34;Rocky&#34; movies over the past three decades, this is not something I will say lightly.  It's true that Mr. Stallone squeezed the life's blood out of the &#34;Rocky&#34; franchise in the five films from 1976 to 1990.  Solid, melodramatic plots about how hope, hard work, and raw determination can make seemingly impossible dreams happen gave way to crowd pleasing, music video training montages preceding the victorious Rocky's climactic knockout punch of his latest gimmicky challenger.  At last, Sylvester Stallone vindicates the &#34;Rocky&#34; franchise (16 years after the disappointing &#34;Rocky V&#34;) by resurrecting the Italian Stallion for a final shot at glory and to hopefully bring some closure to his broken heart.  It is now a far different Philadelphia in 2006, as a widowed Rocky appears utterly lost without his beloved wife, Adrian, who died five years before of cancer.  This is by far Stallone's best and most sincere acting performance in decades portraying a now-sixtyish, mentally sluggish Rocky as a small South Philly restaurateur who welcomes old friends and foes with equal grace (i.e. &#34;Spider&#34; Rico from film I).  Enter an old acquaintance, Little Marie (also from film I), and her teenage son, Steps, who join Rocky's world as new friends and surrogate family to help fill the void while Rocky's adult son, Robert (Rocky Jr.), struggles with his dad's fame overshadowing his fragile new career in the corporate world. Then, there is his cranky brother-in-law, Paulie (Burt Young), who is working again at the meat packing plant and remains Rocky's kindred spirit.  Despite limited screen time, Young's performance as usual is top-notch, as Paulie's presence poignantly helps link viewers to the original film's humble origins.  Meanwhile, undefeated (and un-respected) WorldHeavyweight Champion, Mason &#34;The Line&#34; Dixon (Antonio Tarver) is fuming over losing an ESPN virtual reality &#34;what if&#34; match to the &#34;Italian Stallion&#34; in his prime.  Much like Apollo Creed before him, Dixon eventually realizes that a showdown with Balboa is the likely antidote to salvage his professional image.  Conveniently enough, an increasingly restless Balboa gradually decides that he has at least one more fight left in him (essentially, sparring matches with local club fighters).  The dejected Rocky's confrontation scene with the Pennsylvania State Boxing Commission is nothing short of superb in reiterating the steep odds Rocky must now face once he accepts Dixon's challenge.  The subsequent (but far too short) training build-up to the big PPV 10-round exhibition match in Las Vegas is pure &#34;Rocky&#34; formula.  In another echo to the franchise's former glory days, actor Tony Burton returns as Rocky's coach, Duke, but his presence is sadly underdeveloped.  Although only seen in a few flashbacks, Talia Shire's absence surprisingly is an asset, as Rocky's slow, heartbreaking transition of moving into old age alone is treated with respect and character-driven depth.  Stallone sincerely conveys why Adrian will always be Rocky's guiding light, even as he finally accepts that his life must still go on (as seen in the film's uplifting final frames).  As for the franchise's new characters, the acting ensemble sufficiently holds its own against the noticeable absence of Shire, Carl Weathers, and the late Burgess Meredith.  Finally, for me, the best sequence comes early, as a melancholic Rocky wistfully drives an impatient Paulie on another annual tour of the South Philly locales where Rocky courted Adrian during film I.  It is a heavy dose of effective maudlin by contrasting Rocky & Adrian's touching early romance with Rocky's (and Paulie's) bleak present-day reality.  Add in Bill Conti's classic, touching score and the ghostly soft filter lense shots of a dark, rainy modern Philadelphia to this sequence, and one will honestly believe that Stallone is capable of making true movie magic once more.  My Score: 8/10.  This poignant film is simply fantastic in most respects by expertly combining signature Rocky elements (the original score, the Philly locales, a sincere homage to the early films) with glossy 21st Century cinematography.  The script's eventually tiresome putdowns by multiple characters about Rocky's advancing age are perhaps the film's worst offense.  P.S.  The special features include a satisfactory, alternate ending (among the available deleted scenes), which demonstrates that Stallone made the right call for the fight's plausible outcome in the theatrical release.
B002HJ9PTO|4.0|I almost sent this microphone back thinking it was dead on arrival. After reading the reviews here on Amazon I notice several complaining about a dead watch battery included with the microphone. After replacing the factory battery the mic works fine now and sounds pretty good for the low initial cost.    If yours does NOT work when you receive it, buy a new battery before you send it back. I give it 4 stars because of the hassle figuring out what was wrong. It's good for the price especially if you podcast inside a quiet room like I do.
0007250916|5.0|I just read this biography of cancer and I can't find words to express the greatness of this book.  I'm a 72 year old female, lived through the horrible years of fear of the very mention of the word, have lost many loved ones from this disease and have learned to hate cancer, even the word. Finally, I have found relief.  I still hate cancer but do not feel so frightened of it. I see now that the only real cure for this disease is 'prevention'.  I think I have found the weapon to fight back: We must now educate the world to live more healthy and natural lifestyles in tune with nature.  We can't go on polluting the earth and water we drink!  It's up to all of us to stop cancer!
0316017922|4.0|I'm a fan of Malcolm Gladwell and Outliers is definitely a nice addition to the bookshelf. Overall, I will give it a 4 out of 5 as the overall premise of the book is nothing terribly new but his writing is certainly enjoyable understandable. The book feels more like a novel than collection of sociological observations. I suppose that's a classic Gladwell trait.    A solid 4 out of 5.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|I got the 3 previous seasons from my girlfriend this Christmas and after watching all three I just couldn't get enough. I HAD to buy the fourth season and I was really happy to find it on Amazon for such a good price. All I gotta say is that I can't wait until season 5 comes to DVD.
B000784WMW|5.0|....I will purchase another to gift to a young girl with the book....a very good interpretation of the characters...great for your personal collection...enjoy
0316098337|1.0|If I could have given this book no stars, I would have.  90% of my book club didn't like this book.  Some felt humbled by how Ma was the little boy's whole world...but honestly, I didn't connect with anyone in this book.  The author was inconsistent and I wanted to stop reading it after 2% but kept reading for my book club meeting.  By the end of \\"Dying,\\" I was skipping whole pages and then realized Ma tried to commit suicide.  I gave up on the book after that.  I didn't care that she tried and was actually annoyed that she lived her whole life for her little boy, then decided the world was to cruel without even thinking about her boy.  This is one of the few (and I mean 5 or so books) that I didn't finish.
B003AYDPYQ|5.0|As someone else had posted start this series at season one, episode one. It is like most other series they build on and continue from the previous episode/season. You really do have to start from the beginning. But after one show it will draw you in, and before you know if you'll be done watching all of season one, and onto two. As far as I know there are 4 seasons, with season 4 not out on dvd as of 3/7/11. Even my boyfriend loves this show, and he is against drugs- he usually won't watch anything with alot of drugs in it. At least give it a chance, and if you end up not liking it, I would be VERY surprised. I can't get enough, and don't think you will be able to either!
B000LTAY1U|4.0|I have owned this watch for over a year now and it has left my wrist in that time only when I have to adjust the time, which is typically once every week or two.  As other reviewers have mentioned, this watch will not keep time perfectly if left unchecked.  It will need to be reset occasionally.  During typical wear, this shouldn't be more than once or twice a month.    On the other hand, I find that it has considerable trouble when it receives big bumps.  I have worn this watch while hammering in nails, using a variety of vibrating power tools, and other such tasks and in many cases I find that, when it receives a few big jolts, it will speed up considerably for a few days in a row.  So much that I often have to reset it several times in a day.  Recently it stopped all together after such an incident and I had to tap it to start it again.    A few days ago it got a pretty hard smack against a wall and from the look and sound of it, the auto-wind mechanism which is visible through the back  is no longer winding.  It sounds as if it's sliding against the glass and moves much more easily than it should.    All that said, I'm seriously considering buying a new one unless I can find another watch which displays minutes more prominently than hours and is a little tougher.
B0000AUHPK|5.0|....what a treat to see the entire book portrayed...The interpretation of the main characters was pretty good....very close to the novel....Although, I felt, he was toned down a bit, Heathcliff was still not very nice and did have his issues....and Kathryn was indead wicked at times....deserved each other....best so far...
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book so much!  I was looking for something new and different and this was it.  This book was futuristic and kind of reminded me of a cross between Huxley's \\"Brave New World\\" and the movie, \\"Gamer\\".  Parts of it were pretty violent which is not really my thing but I thoroughly enjoyed every part of this book.  I am going to buy the trilogy in hardcover to keep for my library, it was that good.  I definitely recommend this book to everybody who is considering reading it.
0385732554|4.0|The Giver starts out with an eleven year old boy named Jonas, the main character, who lives in a perfect world--a world free from war, pain, suffering, hate, and hunger. The flip side to this \\"perfect world\\" is that there isn't any true happiness, pleasure, or love either. There is no choice in the community. Everyone is assigned to a job to do when they turn twelve. When Jonas turns twelve, he is singled out among his peers to receive special instruction from the most important and respected man in the community--The Giver. The Giver holds in his mind all the memories from the beginning of mankind. Only he knows the true feelings of love and hate, pleasure and pain, health and sickness, calmness and anger. Jonas has been chosen to be his successor.     This is a great book. It has an engaging plot and kept me interested until the very last page. The author did a great job of creating a sense of excitement in the book. It also made me think about and appreciate the wonderful gift of choice that we all have. Jonas didn't like experiencing the memories of pain, but he realized later on that without those, he could never have known the sweetness of pleasure and happiness.  It made me realize that I wouldn't want to live in a world like Jonas'. Sure we encounter pain and suffering in this life, but how could we know the sweet, if we don't know the bitter? That is a great message for everyone.    One of the things that I didn't like about the book was the ending. It seemed to proceed too fast and it ended very abruptly. I would have liked it more if it went into more detail in wrapping up the story and letting us know what happened to Jonas and the community in the end. I also would have enjoyed knowing about how their community came about; when and why did they decide to go to the \\"Sameness\\" type of living? But other than those few things, I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone.
0316069485|2.0|Connelly was, at one time, one of my favorite crime fiction writers. He wrote great police procedurals that were not only well-written but also exquisitely plotted and researched. That's not the case any more, as it appears he's now 'mailing it in'. It's not quite the disappointment as 9 Dragons, but as someone who has followed his career since the beginning, I know he can do a lot better.     This one places two of his best characters, Harry Bosch the cop and Mickey Haller the defense lawyer, together in a story about a killer who is being re-tried for his crime, the murder of a little girl. It's neither a police procedural nor a courtroom drama. That's not necessarily a bad thing, and the story is pretty interesting and moves at a good pace. The problem I have is with the number of logical holes, unlikely events, and the manner in which the conclusion comes about. I don't want to spoil the story, but it was all pretty unbelievable. I did like the tension between Bosch and Haller, but the fact the story was split between them sort of watered down their impact.     For someone just starting out with this author, if you liked this one you'll love his early work. If you didn't care much for The Reversal, still give his earlier stuff a chance.
B004I2K4DY|2.0|Get the 10th Anniversary Edition. Nick Jonas is really miscast. The audio mix on \\"One Day More\\" is inexcusably bad. Remember, it's about the music and the story, not the lighting and effects. Alfie Boe is does great as Jean Valjean.
1423113381|3.0|Red Pyramid is an awesome book, entertaining whether you know egyptian myth or not. Outside of the last two Percy Jackson books and The Lost Hero, this is Riordan's best book.<br /><br />Something Riordan has done in his last two books is change the viewpoint every two chapters. In The Lost Hero, this was fine. In The Red Pyramid, you are forced to suffer reading the story with one of the most annoying characters I have ever read every two chapters. The character named Sadie is so painfully annoying I would put the book down for days at a time even though I was dying to find out what happened next. Think of the most annoying little sister you have ever seen anyone have, then think of reading a story from that perspective. The other character's name is Carter, who is too basic to really have an opinion on (think of Harry from Harry Potter). While not a particularly original character, his sections are much easier to read.<br /><br />This is the first Amazon review I have written, and I wrote it just to warn everyone of how INCREDIBLY annoying Sadie is. Normally, an annoying character or two is fine. However, when half of the book is written from said character's viewpoint, it ruins the book.
1400049628|5.0|This book is the most amazing book I've ever read apart from the bible! Read this book if you want to survive a zombie Apocalypse; seriously!
B002ZG98LO|1.0|I cannot believe so many people like this crap! I got fooled into getting this movie and its simply garbage!     1. Story is stupid.   2. Special effects are good  3. Acting is terrible! They try too hard to be like the first Predator and that bothered me for some reason. It was not the actors fault.  4. The creators made a new twist to the genre and its not for the best. I don't want to spoil  5. Its worth a rental on a day you do not feel like thinking at all
0739384198|5.0|I live in Los Angeles and end up driving A LOT (anyone in Southern California knows what I mean!  Traffic capital of America!)  So I love to listen to audio books (books on CD) in the car.  Makes the commute whiz by!  I have listened to all three Stieg Larsson books on audio book.  I have seen other reviewers complain that the actor reading the books is British.  It's true, but I think it would be even more disconcerting to have an American narrate the story!  What I love about Simon Vance -- the narrator -- is he seemingly has an endless supply of different voices and inflections.  As anyone who's familiar with the \\"Girl\\" books, there are numerous characters.  Vance reads all the dialogue in such a way that I never, EVER get confused as to who is talking.  Wow!  If you like audio books, start with THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO and listen in order.  They're all terrific!
B0038M2AZA|5.0|We have a 3-year-old son who is diagnosed with autism and undergoing early intervention. This movie demystify Autism and helps family members understand what it is we are dealing with and raises awareness about autism for the general public. There is not only hope - there are ways to deal with this condition in relating to how Temple Grandin overcame it.     This is a must have. It won a Claire Danes a golden globe for her portrayal of Temple Grandin. Need I say more?
B004BLJQOK|4.0|An interesting film, not quite as good as the Swedish original. But it does stand up to a close viewing. Great work with filters to creare colour effects. Still a stunning example of the gothic horror genre.
0330423622|5.0|Shantaram is not only a richly woven story, it is written with power and poetry. This is a book I will not only keep but reread in the near future. As a writer, I have noted many passages as examples of the quality and art I should strive for. As a traveler, India has been down my list of destinations, but now it has jumped way up on my to-visit list. I am anxious to read more from this fine author.
B001IBIHQ4|2.0|I was disgusted with the leftist bent in this series. Hanks and Spielberg  allowed GI attrocities but never showed the much greater attrocities made  by the Japanese. Their leftist bent dishonored the GIs who faught the   Pacific war.
1400052173|5.0|This book is amazing. The sensitivity and balance that Ms. Skloot is able to give the different points of view and different actors in this sad true story is phenomenal.<br /><br />What really got me, however, was Henrietta's daughter Deborah: her story is what made me cry. The human grief and loneliness so palpable, the longing and inability to understand... It made me cry, thinking/knowing that this poor woman would have died in such pain and fear for her mother if Ms. Skloot had not randomly showed up in their lives, and was able to act as interpreter and guide to this wide cold world of Medicine, this world that did not even realize it was causing such pain in it's aloofness.
B000JMLFLW|5.0|Really enjoyed reading P&P by Jane Austen. The dialogue was relatively easy to follow except for the occasional English coloquialisms and the characters were superbly fleshed out. Her social commentary regarding gender roles was definitely ahead of its time. Did find some text discrepancies/typos(they could have occured during the download, I'm not really sure?)but most enjoyable reading nevertheless.  Am planning to read more of the classics.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|As of 1913, the US has had a \\"privatized\\" central bank. Our countries founders warned the people of a privatized central bank. In the 1820s President Andrew Jackson fought and ended a privatized central US bank. On December 23, 1913, the Federal Reserve Act, also known as the Glass-Owen Bill, was passed giving power to a privately owned bank that was ironically named. The Federal Reserve\\". In 1913, the Senate rammed the bill through when many members of the US Congress were home for the holiday. President, Dr. Thomas Woodrow Wilson signed it into law one hour later.    ARTICLE 1, SECTION 8 OF THE CONSTITUTION STATES THAT CONGRESS SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO COIN (CREATE) MONEY AND REGULATE THE VALUE THEREOF.    IN 1935 THE SUPREME COURT RULED THAT CONGRESS CANNOT CONSTITUTIONALLY DELEGATE ITS POWER TO ANOTHER GROUP. (Reference 22, P. 168)    The Fed profits from our debt and works closely with the IMF, the World Bank and large US banks like Goldman Sachs. CEOs from GS have been running the Fed for decades. Geitner, Summers, Paulson are helping the WOLVES guard the henhouse.  Tell your congressmen to vote to audit and then END the Federal Reserve. 300 members of the House voted last year to audit the Fed (Congressional Bill: HR 1207), but it was killed in committee by Barney Frank and other well to do veterans from both parties in the Finance Committee.
0756405890|5.0|This book is an AMAZING story with great character development about Kvothe and the story of his life, unraveling a greater storyline beyond. Very different from the normal fantasy books with armies fighting fantastical creatures.
B000002WPI|5.0|36 chambers is a timeless album. Most of the songs are bangers. The skits are great (and few). Brings back fond memories of high school, but still not afraid to bump with the windows down.
B001RCD2DW|5.0|...but this is more of an observation of how Amazon works some of there sales than a review.    Don't feel rushed into buying these, despite what it says when it says \\"1 (or whatever) left. Purchase soon\\".    When I purchased mine, it said there was only one left. I knew I wanted them so it didn't really influence me in any way, but out of curiosity I checked out the page again after purchasing said item and, miraculously 2 were now available.    Just fyi.
B0030ZOYJ0|3.0|I am not such a faithful fan of Evangelion, so excuse me if some of the words of my review offend anyone. I can't also consider myself an otaku because I only count with a year of my teens of anime exposure, and Evangelion was something I knew I needed to see but couldn't, until three years ago during a time of changes and depression, when I found it therapeutic (I know, I'm weird). So, anyway, I only had the chance to get to half the total of episodes, but I thought it had great characters, and strong material to be used for a good movie. People told me about the mess with the alternative end and stuff and I thought maybe it was too much, so when word came to me about a rebuild of the series in the form of a movie, I knew I had to watch it.    As I said before, perhaps I'm not the best qualified for a review of this product, but I must say that my expectations for this movie, in fact for the DVD as a whole, were higher.  Yes, it has a nifty package, but I still can't explain the existence of the second disc. Being as recognized as Evangelion is, I hoped to get more info about this release, interviews with creators (perhaps I'm asking much), or the choice of leaving and cutting things from the original episodes.   Instead what we get on Disc 2 are trailers, and trailers, and a \\"music video\\" that is really a trailer that could have been fan-made.   As for the movie itself, it looks great, but it bothers me that not even here Evangelion could be treated as a cinematic experience. Maybe it's because it is the same director as in the series, but I found myself trying to escape from the reality that it was a rushed summary of the first episodes, with some enhancements. Only in the climax and final fight could I be aloud to feel some atmosphere. I was hoping this movie could make Evangelion something deeper than it was in visually and emotional terms, but somehow... I didn't felt the story as with the episodes. Too much character development was took out, too much frame-by-frame of the episodes remains, and I couldn't see where was the existence of this rebuild justified.  Anyway, it's Evangelion amigos, and if you have more patience for movies than for series (like me), probably this is for you. As for me, I'm planning on giving Evangelion 2.22 a chance to convince me. This 2-disc edition comes with a booklet where it briefly explains the characters and the reason the movie exists. Disc 2 is nonsense. The movie sounds great and looks great. I hope all this project evolves as something great too.
B003YFIUW8|3.0|I really was taken in by the hype I read about the book..and should have read all the reviews first.    As stated the book is primarily told from a child's POV-6 year old Jack, and in his  voice, which is confusing at times because the author apparently didn't keep track of what words Jack knew while she was writing the novel.  Jacks vocabulary does show that Ma has spent the 6 years she has been isolated with him in a 11' x 11' room teaching him a lot......  About the room and its contents......but he has also gained a skewed concept of the real world, about which Ma has made no attempt, to educate him.    I never understood why Ma, a 19 year old college student when abducted, and 27 year old woman at the time the story is told.... decided to not make any attempt to explain the 'outside' world if she hoped to escape. As a result of this confusion both Jack, the child, and the reader are left hoping that Jack can cope with a totally contrived escape attempt which is pulled of for absolutely no understandable reason.  'Old Nick', the abductor who has managed to keep them hidden for many years, suddenly turns totally stupid and falls for a lame trick...en voile, Jack has escaped and runs for help-somehow managing to outfox OId Nick.     After they escape, the story changes and, in all honestly, I found Ma's sudden loss of courage inexplicably contrived-as though the author needed another hook to hang her story on.  It didn't work for me at all, especially Ma's suicide attempt.     I found the story idea interesting but the writing inconsistent and dialogue artificial and stilted.  Of course, none of us knows what we would do in isolation, raising as child however I think a college student would bring more reality to  her child than Ma has chosen to do.  In this, the author has failed to bring a sense of reality to Jack and Ma, IMO.    finally, and not reflected in my rating, the price of this book is a total rip-off.  I'm glad I bought an ipad and not a kindle, as I wont be buying any more overhyped expensive kindle books.
0785134352|3.0|I read this after seeing the movie, which is always risky. I loved the movie, and although the comic has it's strong points, I was disappointed. Not so much because of the difference in events (\\"what happens\\"), but rather because:     a) The characters in the comic are much less likable (all of them - and I don't need to \\"identify\\" with them, but at least care.)  b) The script, although full of great ideas, seemed to be a first draft (i.e. it feels a lot like it is just being made up as we go along - which results in important events not being properly \\"set up\\").  c) The pacing. Now, pacing in a comic book is a lot different from a movie (see \\"Watchmen\\", for an example). Certain things work better in one medium than the other. Part of the reason I liked the movie was the way it was all so neatly interconnected, and how one event led into another. The comic, in comparison, feels disjointed (and suffers a bit from \\"telling rather than showing\\").     So basically: The comic started it all, obviously, and the ideas are (almost) all there, but the movie does a better job of telling the story.    The art is amazing, however. And even though I prefer the movie, I still enjoyed the comic - just not as much as I had expected or hoped...
B000YIGNKE|3.0|I just finished watching Persuasion for the second time. I was very disappointed as I had read the book and enjoyed it so much. The actress playing Anne was so unappealing, I realize that she was supposed to be the plain younger sister but I found it hard to believe that any man would pine for so many years for a woman so unappealing, she seemed to float around in a daze. I know she was supposed to be broken hearted but she seemed drugged or dim-witted rather than love struck.  That kiss when she had the mouth full of mucous was disgusting and I give the actor playing Wentworth a lot of credit for being able to kiss her without gagging. The other actors in the movie saved it from being a complete disaster and the scenery was beautiful but the lead actress was a very poor choice IMHO.
030746363X|4.0|Well all I know is that it worked for me. I am not overweight but needed to tone up and lose weight and gain muscle, plus my T3's have been too low. I have currently lost 7 lbs so far, 5 lbs from my ideal weight. My thyroid T3's seemed to have benefited from the binge day and I feel great.
B0041KKYDI|5.0|This is a fantastic movie!  I watched it on time warner's movie on demand and after watching the movie the first time I had to get it!  It is just amazing how they portray what Aron went through during his ordeal.  I would recommend this movie to everyone except if you are not a fan of blood because towards the end when he losses his arm.
032147404X|5.0|This book is basic, but it gives great quick tips for the novice. I went on a trip to England and used the quick tips in here to get some great pics.
B002SQFZ68|5.0|This is an awesome Blu-ray of the Bon Jovi conert at Madison Square Garden. It makes you feel like your are at the concert. Video and sound are great. I love to see how they've grown and matured with the rest of us and still have fun! This is a must have in my opinion.
B000AQBAUI|5.0|I was a little disappointed at first but I kept listening to it. French's vocals are great. Karma revived his career much later after some bad breaks.
0618871713|2.0|It felt as if I was tied to an anchor, being dragged down to the bottom of a cold, cold ocean. And, on the sandy floor, I drowned in the darkness.
B002T9H2L0|5.0|The people who usually don't like this movie are the ones who expected an intense action movie, and mostly don't have the attention span to recognize the finer details in this film.     I personally consider this to be one of my favorite movies of all time.  Naturally it doesn't follow the original series, or history, but it's not supposed to.       Another beef that most idiots have with this movie is that it's mostly in French or German with subtitles.  I consider this to be a great feature of the film because it really adds to the experience that when you cut to the Reich's headquarters they aren't speaking British english.     At first glance this may seem like a low-brow gore flick, but it's not.  As far as comedy goes, you probably won't laugh a whole lot unless you have a dark sense of humor.     All in all, I consider this to be Tarantino's masterpiece, and would recommend it to anyone.
1599219751|4.0|This book is Amazing and really helps one appreciate the freedoms and blessings we enjoy.  I highly recommend this book because it not only gives us an appreciation for the things we have, but a respect for the courage and sacrifice one can make to be free.
0738711500|5.0|This is one of the best starter kits I have found.  The art is amazing with the colors very bold and vivid.  This is my favorite deck that I have so far.  The book is very basic, but easy to understand.  You will need a new book later on for further explanation of readings and layouts. Even if you are a seasoned reader, you just have to have this deck.
0321344758|4.0|This book is filled with practical knowledge & tips.  A good resource for anyone wanting to better their online presence.
0634060384|3.0|A must have! There are tunes in here I haven't even heard & this just volume one. It has a lot of the standards that you have to know. Get it.
B001RIY4WE|5.0|This Blu-Ray version takes the previous DVD \\"Ultimate Edition\\" and transfers it's comprehensiveness to the HD/interactive Blu-Ray format. A must have for any Sci-Fi dork who is transitioning to Blu-Ray.
B003BWERF8|5.0|Outstanding product.  Currently using with an iPod Classic 160GB at the Gym.      Pros:  -Extremely compact  -Pulls power from the iPod  -Plugs in and is ready to go, no complexity    Observations:  This device allows you to still control the gain output of the iPod manually (through the iPod's volume control) while it's plugged in.  However, I've observed that the volume that the iPod is set to when the device is plugged in becomes the max gain that is achievable.  Suggest that you max the volume of the iPod before plugging in the device.  Then once you pair with a headset, adjust the iPod and headset volumes to achieve a good mix.    Highly recommend.    I'd like to add that my iPod 160GB lasts about 4 hours before the battery runs out with the Transmitter plugged in.
B003C1QIO6|5.0|Jack Johnson is a most outstanding musical creator. His melodies and lyrics are absolutely unique and moving. I have followed popular music for a long time, but Jack Johnson exceeds all the greats I have admired.
B001DCQIAK|5.0|This is just a short review of this set to let those who are fans of the late conductor to be aware.  It appears that DG is still trying to squeeze every once of blood from his recorded legacy.  They should consider looking into his live performances.<br /><br />This set is a re-packaging of the previous set that was released back in 1990.  So if you have that one, don't bother.  Actually, the better deal is the 8 disc set that came out around 2001 that included everything Karajan recorded of Tschaikovsky on DG.  In the latter set, with the exception of the Piano Concerto #1, everything is performed by the BPO; including the definitive account of the Fourth that won the Grand Prix du Disque.<br /><br />If you are new to Karajan and looking for just the symphonies, this is a great all-round collection, but you could probably find the other releases that include these performances in used bins for a whole lot less.
B004MMEIK0|4.0|I enjoy reading this book, will buy the other books that belong in this series    You should give it a try :)
B004L3AQFG|4.0|The remarkable true story of Aron Ralston, a hiker who spent 5 days trapped in a ravine in Utah when a boulder pinned his right arm seemed destined for a big screen adaptation from the instant that the story broke.  Here was the remarkable tale of a man who cut off his right arm with a dull knife rather than suffer a slow, excruciating death.  The big question mark was whether or not Hollywood would do the story justice and make a film worthy of the incredible events or if it would get mucked up with gobs of hokey sentimentality and life affirming dreck.  It turns out that the former is the case.<br /><br />Danny Boyle (Slumdog Millionaire, Trainspotting, Shallow Grave) brings his kinetic directorial style to this terse, emotionally raw thriller.  James Franco stars as Ralston, and delivers the performance of his career so far.  Franco has loads of talent, but I think its fair to say that up to this point in his career he has tended to coast by on his charm and bad boy persona in a series of roles that have found him doing riffs on the same character type:  the dark, brooding, underacheiving rebel.  In 127 Hours, however, he stretches further than he ever has before and the results are electrifying.  Franco is given the burden of carrying this tense film on his shoulders and he is more than up to the task.  He effortlessly conveys the fear, sorrow, deseperation and will to survive of a man who is cut off from all human contact (a character flaw that contributes to his predicament) and struggles to maintain his sanity and find a way out of the ravine.<br /><br />Boyle's direction is spot on and the film is lean and economical.  Precious little time is wasted on filling in Aron's backstory or providing a psycholgical profile.  Instead, we learn everything we need to know about who he is and what makes him tick during the time he spends stuck in the ravine.  Ralston's fear of dying forces him to evaluate his own faults and reflect on his past relationships and mistakes via a series of recordings he makes with his digital camera.  It's just as emotionally draining to watch Ralston bare his soul as it is to see him eventually amputate his arm and climb out of the ravine as a stronger man with a new perspective on life.  Again, it is Franco who is given the difficult job of conveying all of this and he delivers.  It is a shame that he was not given an academy award for this performance (no offense to Colin Firth).<br /><br />In the end. 127 Hours is a film that inspires hope and instills a sense of appreciation for just how precious life is and how important the people we share it with truly are.  It would all be completely corny and ridiculous if it weren't true.s of recordings he makes with his digital camera.  It's just as emotionally draining to watch Ralston bare his soul as it is to see him eventually amputate his arm and climb out of the ravine as a stronger man with a new perspective on life.  Again, it is Franco who is given the difficult job of conveying all of this and he delivers.  It is a shame that he was not given an academy award for this performance (no offense to Colin Firth).    In the end. 127 Hours is a film that inspires hope and instills a sense of appreciation for just how precious life is and how important the people we share it with truly are.  It would all be completely corny and ridiculous if it weren't true.
B001E45XT4|4.0|These headphones are pretty good and i like the look but they are very big!    Pros    great sound! i loved how realistic the sound was when playing crysis  Amazing durablity! these things are very durable!  Amazing microphone quality!    ok    im starting here a little static on the right earbud. The static very annoying at times when im listening to music, this static  arrived after a few months, but still pretty good sound    Cons    Bulky, heavy! if you dont mind that then these are perfect but for me i like it but i hate how big it is, it makes my small head look like a joke    Static like i said there is a little static that comes after some use eventually    Microphone doesnt seem too durable, looks like it can snap any moment      Sorry if my review isnt the best, i wrote this at the last moment as you can probably tell
B0047CTO9A|5.0|My daughter is so into Nicki but not for the cursing but the positive things she says for women.  The problem is that since all the small music stores are now out of business no once carries music with no cursing and you guys did and my daughter is happy very happy.  She said dad no potty words
B004EBT5CU|5.0|If you are thinking about buying the CD Just Do It!!! I would have paid the full price just for the first track Rolling In The Deep. This is a great CD!!
B002JVWRAE|4.0|good show better when you can watch stright thre on blu ray   then watching it every week on the cw and and the quality is better  vampires are good some of the plots and history sounds more realistic to.
B00005Y46O|5.0|Some or the best \\"Live\\" music  re-released on old favorites.Good Quality, good music, enjoy some of the best British rock/blues ever put on record with the original band.
B000MV8ZD6|5.0|I remember seeing \\"House By The Cemetery\\" at a San Diego movie theatre back in 1985; I can't remember under what title it was under, but I never forgot this movie. The special effects were low-budget, but influential (the knife in the back of the head would appear again in \\"Pieces\\"). I'm sure I would have appreciated the acting a lot more if there were a version available in the original language. I rather enjoyed the children: the hapless Bob and the unfortunate, but helpful, Mae. I would agree that whoever provided the voice-over dub for Bob did not do him justice. Still, this was a creepy movie. Over the past two months I've seen it about 5 times and developed a deeper appreciation for it and Fulci's work in general. If you think that horror began with the \\"Saw\\" series, then this one isn't for you. But if you can get past low-budget special effects and marginal dubbing and acting, then you'll enjoy this. NOTE:  \\"House By The Cemetery\\" appears in low-budget collections as \\"Zombie Hell House\\"; stay away from that poor version.
B003QTBT5C|3.0|Apocalyptic change I do not like, because one of his greatest achievements was to give the metal music status is not generally recognized, but are falling in the interpretation of rock as a common band. The innovations as removing the battery and do metal without a voice, they were the most prominent was lost, hurt and descepciona fans who followed the group.
B000RHLU96|5.0|The vinyl is amazing! A sort of Homecoming and Bad are on the A side, which already makes it fabulous! The B-sides are good too. Highly recommend.
0312945973|1.0|This book is a bloody slab of ugliness, and one of the rare books I simply refuse to finish.  It's about mutilation and torture (particularly sexual forms of each), in a setting of treachery and megalomania.  And, even after searching for three hours, there's not a thing in it to make it worth wading through all the sludge.  The story is astonishingly awful.    AUDIO:  The reader is a flaming over-actor, and presents the story as if to a group of pre-teens, despite the quintuple-X rating.
1416583432|5.0|I am studying up on as much as I can to become a dog trainer/behaviorist, and I found this book to be an excellent resource in explaining a lot about dogs that I may not have known from reading other books. Yes, it's a bit more advanced and it delves into a lot of detail about the science and psychology of dogs, but it's exactly what I was looking for (and more) in my quest to learn more. I started listening to this book as an audiobook download from my local library, and it was so good and helpful that I decided to purchase it for the Kindle, so I could take notes and make highlights as necessary. I recommend this book to those who are interested in the science behind dogs, but maybe not for the average person who is just curious for some simplified explanations.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|I loved all but one of the songs on this album. The song that I speak of is called \\"Our First Time.\\" It might grow on me. But I love all the other songs. \\"The Lazy Song\\" is refreshing because it's a fun song about having a do-nothing day. There's not a lot of great songs like that out there.  The album has a variety of songs on various topics. It feels like a complete album because it has everything you need. \\"Gernade\\" is great if you just got dumped. If you're looking for something that offers more than love songs or bragging songs this is it. You'll fall in love with Mr. Bruno Mars.
0439023483|4.0|I don't watch much TV, and I especially don't watch any reality TV. I find it distasteful for all of the obvious reasons - the non-sensical use of \\"reality\\" to describe something that is little more than loosely scripted \\"entertainment\\" ridiculously acted out by people who are hyper aware of their roles and work for peanuts (which is to say, a shot at 15 minutes of hollow fame). For me, this was one of the most intriguing aspects of The Hunger Games.     Even in as close to a real-life scenario as one could conceive, a fight to the death Battle Royale pitting teens and tweens against each other, the ugly head of false-reality TV has its limitations. In the Games, which are put on by an oppressive Captiol set in a futuristic dystopia to keep its satellite Districts in line and remind them of a long-ago failed rebellion, the idea is to titillate the out of touch elite of the Haves and punish the District Have-not rubes by constantly reminding them under whose thumb they exist. But the Games are the ultimate deus ex machina as the Capitol's Gamemakers ensure the action never lacks by manipulating everything from the environment to players' own emotions.     So while the threat of death is constant and the danger is very real, there's the element of unreality that pervades the whole scene. The way the main character, Katniss, tries to juggle real emotion with the manufactured kind that comes with \\"playing the game\\" was very well done.     The fact that the Gamemakers could at any time manipulate the game to their will basically meant that the author could at any time manipulate the plot to her will, and that unfortunately gave the entire story a deflated or muted intensity. Just as the Gamemakers can force the action, the author can save the day just in the nick of time with surprise gifts from sponsors who are watching the games and decide they want to pony up some cash and buy their favorite competitors some assistance. This provided more than one anti-climactic moment and broke what was otherwise great tension throughout the novel.     But for a YA novel, this is very well written and explores many themes that you may not expect to find in youth fiction. And really, I'm probably just over-analyzing this whole thing, because the book is simply a great, absorbing read. The love triangle it sets up for the next book doesn't exactly entice me, but then it wasn't written with me, a middle aged dude, in mind. I get that and I'm cool with it, and I'll definitely move on to Catching Fire.
B003W5C0VC|5.0|Anthony Hopkins yet again does not disappoint. Edward Norton and the guy who plays the Red Dragon also have strong performances. Red Dragon was the first of the Lecter series by Thomas Harris and considered by me to be bested only by the Hannibal novel, not movie. Great one for the collection
B000OT8GCQ|4.0|If it wasn't for the end, I'd give this book a 5. I like a nice HEA in a book and this book just didn't have it. I wanted to cry for poor John. Other than that, great read!
B001P42Y18|5.0|Seven is one of the best serial killer movies made in the last twenty years. It is only surpassed by the Hannibal Lecter Series (Only the ones with Anthony Hopkins!)The blu-ray makes the picture and sound better, as usual. If you haven't seen this movie the forget renting it just buy it. It is one you will want in your collection. Stellar performances by Brad Pitt, Morgan Freeman, and Kevin Spacey.
0064440346|4.0|I remembered this book from when I was a child.  I ordered it for my two children, ages 6 and 4.  It has become a favorite on a cold Winter evening.  We read about Owl and then we made split pea soup to eat (like Owl, who loves pea soup).
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Great service! The dvd was brand new still in a case, I got a free 48 movie rental to watch this movie before receiving the dvd. Also video credit to watch another movie rental of my choice from amazon videos.
B001HUHBAE|4.0|I saw this flick in the theatres on opening night and it was a full house of San Franciscan 's, who were all ready to experience a visual sense of the murderous crimes of the Zodiac killer.     The movie is adapted (not entirely) from a book entitled \\"Zodiac\\" written by Robert Graysmith. The movie moves at a suspensful pace, but begins to wane and become a stretch to stay interested by the final act. But overall it is cast well, acting is superb, music was wonderful and it ends on a HIGH NOTE (in my opinion)! I felt I was at every crime scene (literally) as each location was introduced throughout the movie.     It is definitely worth viewing (in my opinion) and I own the Blu Ray, which looks spectacular! The \\"Special Features\\" are insightful and I became even more entranced as a detective in solving this case from watching the movie. I don 't think you 'll be disappointed for 3/4 of the running time...........but you may have heard enough by the final 1/4 turn to the finish line.        MIG OUT.
0823015017|5.0|Being a good polymer clay artist isn't just about perfecting your technique. You need to have a good understanding of color. Mastering color mixing is crucial to making attractive projects. This book goes into detail on how to mix colors and on choosing color palettes for you projects.     This is a great reference book for any polymer clay artist.
1456123629|1.0|Having read nearly all of Picoult's books and grown tired of the formula, I had pretty much decided not to bother with Sing You Home. However, the idea of accompanying music intrigued me so I purchased it for my iPad. The old formula is unfortunately still there. The characters are too one-dimensional, every issue is black or white, no grey, no subtleties. I am a big supporter of gay rights and same-sex marriage but I found myself not really rooting for Vanessa and Zoe. They were boring and too predictable. Oh, and the reason that I purchased this e-book; the music. After a couple of songs, I quit listening to it. I did not care for the woman's voice at all and the words were insipid. Save your money and get it from the library if you feel you must read this one. I am still excited about books accompanied by a song track though so I would probably try again, just not with Picoult.
B00479SVBU|5.0|This very handy gizmo solved a big problem for me. Now, instead of having stacks of cds spread in every storage spot in my car I have this little device and a flash drive giving me access to as much music as I need for drives of any length. Very easy to use, small, and ingenious. I recommend it.
1416562605|1.0|Balram Halwai, the ambiguous hero and protagonist of Aravind Adiga's Booker Prize Winner \\"The white tiger\\" has a philosophy: let animals live like animals; and human beings like human beings. But in which category does he fit since he can transit from one pole to the other? Sometimes he acts as human, sometimes, like an animal - hence his nickname, `white tiger'.<br /><br />Halwai is a person who seeks social ascension in the Indian society for which mobility is almost unimaginable. He defines himself as a social entrepreneur, and uses illicit methods in his climbing. The narrative unfolds as a series of letters in first person addressed to the China Prime Minister who is going to visit India. The visitor is not a random choice of the writer since both countries live an economical boom. Halwai's Delhi divided between ancient traditions and gigantic buildings and malls which are supposed to seduce de elite that pretends to live in another country.<br /><br />In Adiga's novel, the view of India is far from the western clich&eacute; that includes yoga and Bollywood, but, still, never manages to create something unexpected, less exotic. The narrative is heavy with unnecessary descriptions, and the caricature of the top class represented by Halwais's employers. The protagonist-narrator is a excessively calculated character whose speech is replete of ready-made sentences that convey no meaning.<br /><br />\\"The white tiger\\" is another entry in the long list of mistakes that the Booker Prize has committed - that includes 2003's \\"Vernon God Little\\". It would be an excuse, had the novel had some political value - but it has neither, be it literary or political. The novel is paved by the very same road of good intentions that has leaded it to hell. As long as it aspires to be a piece of expos&eacute; of India, the novel just reiterates the western view of the country that sees it like an exotic place to spend vacation (\\"Slumdog millionaire\\" anyone?) . In the end, the novel only enhances what it wanted to destroy.oy.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|everybody should see this. it shows the situation under which our food is being produced/engineered and the political implications this has.
B003EI2EH2|4.0|I've really enjoyed this book because it delves into how people have successfully transformed themselves, why others have failed, or had short term success and long term failure. This book forced me to ask myself if I was happy with my status quo or if I could improve myself. I am and was far from sedentary but this book has inspired me to stop procrastinating about getting in better shape and to actually doing it. In 6 six weeks I've gone from 185lbs and a 36 inch waist to 170lbs and a 32 inch waist. The biggest changes have been in my eating habits, but I strongly feel the diet in this book is easy to follow and stay on track with. The best part is looking better without giving up anything, last Saturday I consumed a 10 inch pizza, large Blizzard, several pints of Guiness, among other things. I would suggest this book for anyone looking for some motivation to look and feel better.
B00005JMX6|4.0|Not the best film of all time, but if you like somewhat raunchy, low brow humor with a good story, you'll enjoy this one
B003Q6D25U|5.0|This movie was SO scary! It looks so real! I absolutely love it! And I love Amazon.com. Nothing ever takes too long to get to me!
B003Q6D2BE|5.0|Loved the movie. Helen Mirren is amazing and gorgeous! John Malkovich is brilliantly mad! Bruce Willis is typically incredible Bruce Willis. And Morgan Freeman is good ol' Morgan Freeman. A 5-star movie all the way!
B000X418UO|5.0|This is a classic 90's Action Movie. As such, you either like it or you don't; so I will not discuss the quality of the movie.    The blu-ray is of excellent quality and certainly brings me back to when I first saw it in theaters. The detail is crisp in each scene and even when the action is fast paced. The audio is sharp.    My recommendation is if you enjoy 90's action movies, this is a must have.
0312330537|4.0|The thing about Shantaram is that it just falls short of achieving the sense of magical realism that provides the effortless escapism of superior works by Murakami and Helprin. Sure, this is a great book, but I didn't even appreciate that till halfway through it. What held me back was the protagonist- he is far too susceptible to the charms of Bombay; so much so that at times I would just say 'jeez if you love India so much why don't you just marry it'. The author has a curious habit of describing horrid living conditions, slums, child slavery, murder, prison, torture, in a koombaya/circle of life/ silver lining type prose that had me rolling my eyes at times.  By describing things in this way it really detracts from the emotional impact felt by the reader, and from any sense of moral ambiguousness or urgency. Everybody has to be a hero in this novel, sweeping gestures are a dime a dozen. Of course, that may be the point of the novel, but that would only work for the reader if the setting was in some mythical place; not India. This book reads like a glowing review of the worst and dirtiest restaurant in town.   PLEASE PLEASE read 'A soldier of the great war' by Mark Helprin. It is superior to this novel in every way. Then read \\"The Windup Bird Chronicle' by haruki murakami. THEN read this book.
1439163146|4.0|Despite what these other reviews have said, I really enjoyed this book. I thought it was exciting, unsettling, and often left you wondering. I enjoyed a look inside the lives of teenagers that I had never seen before, not even as a child. If you want to learn about what kids do when they don't want to go home, you can learn a lot here.    I also thought that many of these stories could have been from Franco's own life, which made it even more interesting to me. It's a fairly quick read, as I finished it in 2 days. Certainly worth your time and money in my opinion.
B003DZX44I|5.0|Watching this on blu-ray is great! Perfect audio and looks great to boot.<br />I watched both the dvd and blu-ray version just to see if I could tell the difference.<br />At 1080p it is definitely noticeable. Colors are deeper and there are no more artifacts.<br /><br />Audio wise there is virtually no difference between the blu-ray and dvd verison.
B004L3AQFG|5.0|127 Hours is a \\"based on true events\\" adventure movie about survival and self- perserverance. It is wonderfully directed by Academy Award Winning Director, Danny Boyle, who has does amazing films such as Trainspotting, The Beach, 28 Days Later, Sunshine and Slumdog Millionaire. James Franco, again offers an extraordinary performance on screen as he portrays Aron Ralston during his amazing story of survival, human ambition, the will to never give up, strength and self perseverance. I will say IMO that if this movie came out in 2009 or in 2011 that Franco would steal the Best Actor award, but with Colin Firth portraying the stammering King George VI it was a difficult year to boot. The movie itself is very enjoyable to watch from beginning to end. The music throughout it is fast paced, uppity, and very fit for the film itself. There are not many other actors on screen besides the two girls Aron meets while in the canyons and a couple of flashbacks of family throughout the film therefore leaving us with Franco to solely provide the entertainment and show to us the gritty act that happened for those five days. The movie wastes NO time at all giving us 20 minutes of Aron getting to the canyons, meeting two girls and showing them an awesome hideout with a lake to jump into. Next Aron embarks out on his own and soon finds himself caught between a rock and a hard place. From there on the movie is nothing short of amazing and intense. I had to rewind when Franco fell and got his arm stuck. It was wild! Thankfully the film is only an hour and a half meaning it is never dull and does not have extra footage in it not needed. The flashblacks in the film are very important and provide a lot to the background of the story. The most heart-felt flashback that stood out to me was the one where Aron's father brought him out to the canyons as a little kid and sat with him gazing off at its beauty. This one stood out mostly to me becasue you understand Aron's love for the outdoors and adventure. The movie has everything it needs to provide the watcher with a strong reenactment of what happened back in April of 2003. Aron Ralston did what many never would have had the ability to do. He was a true survivor and many need to see this to understand his story, it's a great one! I bought this movie and was not disappointed at all! I'd recommend the same. I hope I've been helpful..<br /><br />-Camdventure. The movie has everything it needs to provide the watcher with a strong reenactment of what happened back in April of 2003. Aron Ralston did what many never would have had the ability to do. He was a true survivor and many need to see this to understand his story, it's a great one! I bought this movie and was not disappointed at all! I'd recommend the same. I hope I've been helpful..    -Cam
B002ZG981E|4.0|I'm hesitant to write movie reviews since everyone's tastes differ.<br />Inception is not for everyone, I loved it for its depth, and the world it created.<br /><br />This is a movie that you have to think about while watching it. It's not something you can just<br />turn your brain off and watch things blowing up. That being said the Visuals in the movie make<br />the world come to life.<br /><br />Great story, Great characters. A must have in the collection
B0041KKYDI|5.0|127 Hours is a \\"based on true events\\" adventure movie about survival and self- perserverance. It is wonderfully directed by Academy Award Winning Director, Danny Boyle, who has does amazing films such as Trainspotting, The Beach, 28 Days Later, Sunshine and Slumdog Millionaire. James Franco, again offers an extraordinary performance on screen as he portrays Aron Ralston during his amazing story of survival, human ambition, the will to never give up, strength and self perseverance. I will say IMO that if this movie came out in 2009 or in 2011 that Franco would steal the Best Actor award, but with Colin Firth portraying the stammering King George VI it was a difficult year to boot. The movie itself is very enjoyable to watch from beginning to end. The music throughout it is fast paced, uppity, and very fit for the film itself. There are not many other actors on screen besides the two girls Aron meets while in the canyons and a couple of flashbacks of family throughout the film therefore leaving us with Franco to solely provide the entertainment and show to us the gritty act that happened for those five days. The movie wastes NO time at all giving us 20 minutes of Aron getting to the canyons, meeting two girls and showing them an awesome hideout with a lake to jump into. Next Aron embarks out on his own and soon finds himself caught between a rock and a hard place. From there on the movie is nothing short of amazing and intense. I had to rewind when Franco fell and got his arm stuck. It was wild! Thankfully the film is only an hour and a half meaning it is never dull and does not have extra footage in it not needed. The flashblacks in the film are very important and provide a lot to the background of the story. The most heart-felt flashback that stood out to me was the one where Aron's father brought him out to the canyons as a little kid and sat with him gazing off at its beauty. This one stood out mostly to me becasue you understand Aron's love for the outdoors and adventure. The movie has everything it needs to provide the watcher with a strong reenactment of what happened back in April of 2003. Aron Ralston did what many never would have had the ability to do. He was a true survivor and many need to see this to understand his story, it's a great one! I bought this movie and was not disappointed at all! I'd recommend the same. I hope I've been helpful..<br /><br />-Camdventure. The movie has everything it needs to provide the watcher with a strong reenactment of what happened back in April of 2003. Aron Ralston did what many never would have had the ability to do. He was a true survivor and many need to see this to understand his story, it's a great one! I bought this movie and was not disappointed at all! I'd recommend the same. I hope I've been helpful..    -Cam
B003VANOFY|4.0|I use this headset for delivering online training. I wear this thing for almost a full 8 hours a day. The fit for my huge head is a little tighter than I would like but it is new and it will not get any tighter with time. So that is ok. The battery life lasts a full day with some extras and charges fine overnight for the next day's class. I do not use the G keys yet although the volume rocker on the headset and the mute light on the mic boom are outstanding and really add to the value of the headset for my uses.     The sound is excellent and on par with my logitech 7.1 desktop surround system I have for my desktop at home. I can freely walk around the room get up and down, gesture away while teaching all without cord problems and distance has never been a problem for me even when walking into the next room.     Overall I am very pleased with the purchase and would gladly recommend these.
B003Q6D25U|5.0|Great movie! Scary as hell on a 55 inch TV with surround sound on blu-ray quality. Im impressed with amazon cheap prices compared to Best Buy and free shipping!
0061245097|2.0|I really enjoyed the first book as a guilty pleasure type read and I had high hopes for this one.  About half way though the book completely jumped the shark and I couldn't force myself to continue.
B000G7PNAE|5.0|Journey's seventh studio (and tenth overall) album Escape was released in July of 1981.<br />The album came at a time when Journey went through a transitional phase when original keyboard player/co-founder Gregg Rolie left the band and was replaced by ex-Babys keyboard player and 70s minor pop star Jonathan Cain who joins remaining Journey-men lead singer Steve Perry, guitarist Neal Schon, bass player Ross Valory and drummer Steve Smith for the Escape album.<br />Also, the band went in the studio with sound man Kevin Elson and one time Queen engineer (the late) Mike Stone to record Journey's classic contribution to rock history as I found out when I was 5 back in 1981 (the year this album hit the streets).<br />All of the tracks except as noted were written by Perry/Schon/Cain.<br />We kick things off with the Top 10 rocker \\"Don't Stop Believin'\\" which is arguably their best known song and a rallying cry not to give up on your dreams. The 2005 Chicago White Sox team used this song as their rallying cry for the 2005 World Series (which they won). Next is another rocker \\"Stone in Love\\" which was a rock radio hit about finding a woman. The solo at song's end came into Neal's head whilst at a party. The band's first Top 10 hit (and the album's first single) \\"Who's Cryin' Now\\" is next and is a melodic mid-tempo ballad. What a great song and Neal Schon's bluesy soulful solo at the end was done out of anger as Perry and Cain (the song's writers) hated the initial solos he recorded for the track. Next we rock out again with \\"Keep on Runnin'\\" which is a great Journey rocker. The first half ends with the Top 20 ballad \\"Still They Ride\\" which is a great slow number which gives us a break from the rockers.<br />The album's second half kicks off with the title track to Escape which is another great rocker about breaking free from problems we face in daily life and a great song. We continue the rocking with the classic \\"Lay it Down\\" with Schon and Cain playing a great guitar riff (Cain also played rhythm guitar on Stone in Love and Keep on Runnin). Steve Perry shows his aggressive side on his tracks and can scream well. Next is another rocker \\"Dead or Alive\\" which is another great Journey track and rocks out once again. Next is my favorite Journey track of the 80s \\"Mother Father\\" which was written by Schon, his father Matthew, Perry and Cain. The track is a slow epic which sounds like a classical work but a killer track. We close the album with the #2 charting single \\"Open Arms\\" (written by Cain/Perry). This timeless, if not the best, power ballad was a Cain track which he wrote for The Babys but John Waite called rubbish and Schon called Mary Poppins-sounding but Perry loved it and wrote the track and the rest is history and a great song!<br />Escape is still a masterpiece nearly 30 years later and remains Journey's most successful non-compilation album ever as it hit #1 here in the US in September, 1981 and has sold close to 10 million copies in the US alone (good bulk of the sales were during 1981 and 1982 but still sells consistently today).<br />This remastered version from 1996 (done by Bob Ludwig) is the best sounding version of Escape!<br />In 2006 (in time for Escape's 25th anniversary), the 1996 remaster was re-released with digi-pak packaging and FOUR bonus tracks. First is the Escape outtake \\"La Rasa Del Sol\\" which was an excellent song. Then we have three tracks which also appear on the Live in Houston 1981 CD and DVD combo pack (Who's Cryin Now, Don't Stop Believin and Open Arms).<br />Recommended!(Cain also played rhythm guitar on Stone in Love and Keep on Runnin). Steve Perry shows his aggressive side on his tracks and can scream well. Next is another rocker \\"Dead or Alive\\" which is another great Journey track and rocks out once again. Next is my favorite Journey track of the 80s \\"Mother Father\\" which was written by Schon, his father Matthew, Perry and Cain. The track is a slow epic which sounds like a classical work but a killer track. We close the album with the #2 charting single \\"Open Arms\\" (written by Cain/Perry). This timeless, if not the best, power ballad was a Cain track which he wrote for The Babys but John Waite called rubbish and Schon called Mary Poppins-sounding but Perry loved it and wrote the track and the rest is history and a great song!<br />Escape is still a masterpiece nearly 30 years later and remains Journey's most successful non-compilation album ever as it hit #1 here in the US in September, 1981 and has sold close to 10 million copies in the US alone (good bulk of the sales were during 1981 and 1982 but still sells consistently today).<br />This remastered version from 1996 (done by Bob Ludwig) is the best sounding version of Escape!<br />In 2006 (in time for Escape's 25th anniversary), the 1996 remaster was re-released with digi-pak packaging and FOUR bonus tracks. First is the Escape outtake \\"La Rasa Del Sol\\" which was an excellent song. Then we have three tracks which also appear on the Live in Houston 1981 CD and DVD combo pack (Who's Cryin Now, Don't Stop Believin and Open Arms).<br />Recommended!
0312370849|5.0|As the mother of two little boys, I don't have much time to read(although I love to).  I read this book in 2 days.  It had me thinking about it even when I wasn't reading.  It moved me to tears and touched my soul.  I agree with the other review(ers) that say Sarah's side of the story is captivating.   I also agree that it's  a bit disappointing how abruptly her story ends.  Still, I would recommend this book to all.
B00275EHJG|5.0|I received the movie shortly after I purchased it. The DVD was in the condition specified, overall a great buy!!<br />Thanks
0756404738|4.0|Here is my spoiler free review:    Kvothe's story in Name of the Wind is very compelling. Part Fitz (first person narrative of boy of potential as he ages and achieves maturity), part Ged (who struggles with impatience and fury until he finally finds wisdom), Kvothe is one of my favorite heros.  After waiting for what felt like a millenium for Wise Man's Fear to be published, I disappeared from friends and family for three nights while I hungrily devoured the pages.  But once I was done, I was left with a strange dissatisfaction.      It took me a while to figure out what was wrong because it was a good book and I was barely able tear myself away to go to use the bathroom/eat/sleep/go to work.  I thought at first that Name of the Wind had just set a high standard and that I was expecting too much.  However, after some soul searching, I figured out that it was the pace of the narrative that had disappointed me. The pace is not consistent with a three-book series!    I think Patrick Ruthfuss owes it to us fans to admit that he is not going to be done in three books and that there are at least two coming our way. This reminds me of when Robert Jordan had believed that he could finish Wheel of Time in 6 (or was it 9) books, but later realized that he would need more.  And similar case with George R. R. Martin.  I get a sinking suspicion that this will also be the case here and I hope Pat will be honest about it, sooner rather than later.
B000FC2PKG|5.0|I had never heard of Lisa Gardner before I bought this .99 cent book for my Kindle.<br /><br />Now I have read 3 Lisa Gardner books....and will be buying more. She writes<br />remarkabley well balanced mystery novels, with a touch of romance usually thrown into the mix.<br /><br />Kind of a MODERN DAY...Mary Higgins Clark style.<br /><br />I recommend this book with a 5 star rating. A smooth enjoyable read.<br /><br />As a side note... I WOULD OF NEVER HEARD OF LISA GARDNER IF THIS BOOK WAS PRICED AS IT IS NOW...$7.99.
B0034G4OUO|4.0|This movie isn't anything ground breaking. In fact, it's a pretty one note revenge flick. Driver, (Dwayne Johnson) is freed from prison and promptly runs down the gravel road outside the prison into the sunset and thus starts his quest to revenge the death of his brother.<br /><br />There are some good things about FASTER. First of all, Dwayne Johnson steps away from his mostly light-hearted movie past and goes all out Dirty Harry in this one. It was weird at first, D.J. being all serious, but ultimately, it'll probably be a good thing for him, because he pulled it off pretty well. In fact, there were even some moments of challenge and morality and regret for the things he felt compelled to do, and they were well done.<br /><br />FASTER is gifted with some good side stories and some nice twists that keep the movie interesting and divert it from its one note path. One being a professional hitman that fears that he may have met his match. The other being the cop, played by Billy Bob Thornton, who is saddled with his apprehension after Driver quite unceremoniously puts a notch in a cubicle office guys skull.<br /><br />It's a violent and moody piece of work that surprised me a bit. The movies a close 4... nothing more. Would have a hard time giving anything higher for a drab one note revenge thick and almost gave it 3 stars, but it was a good movie with some interesting characters portrayed by good actors.
B002ZG9940|5.0|This is not the generic hit man thriller the movie's marketing would have you believe.    This is essentially a European art film that happens to star George Clooney.     Its best special effect is its amazing cinematography.  The breathtaking landscape of Italy and the women are very beautiful and the Blu-ray transfer is razor sharp.    I was actually reminded a little of the Colin Farell movie \\"In Bruges\\", sans the droll humor.    Highly recommended, unless you're looking for a typical Hollywood actioner.  Try this if you wouldn't mind seeing something different.
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|I almost gave this just 4 stars, but second-guessed myself and went ahead and gave it 5 stars. RED, is without question, a repeat viewing, non-stop, always interesting, entertainment spectacle. The writing is exactly what you would expect from a cast of Bruce Willis, John Malkovich, Helen Mirren, Morgan Freeman, Mary-Louise Parker, Rebecca Pidgeon and Richard Dreyfus. It's funny. It's exciting.<br /><br />This is the kind of movie that people beg for everytime they put their money on the table for the movie business to take. People don't want to be disappointed. They don't want to be bored and they want to finish the movie and still be thinking and talking about it. With RED, you get just that.<br /><br />From the opening scenes of Frank Moses (Bruce Willis) reading romance novels and trying to live a normal life, making excuses to talk to an operator at the Government Pension office, despite never having met her, and into the moment where his house is flooded by black ops, you get exactly what RED is about. Fun and Action.<br /><br />Where most movies these days disappoint or bore, RED doesn't do that. It does exactly what you would expect from a movie that puts Bruce Willis where he's most comfortable. It's an action movie that doesn't insult our intelligence. Sure there are some over-the-top things that happen, but most are pheasible or perfectly in place for the movie at hand.<br /><br />RED is a must own because this is what entertainment is all about.
B00005O3VD|5.0|I love this movie, I bought it because I knew one song and loved the whole thing!!  The dvd was in perfect condition!  I would definitely buy from this seller again.
0312430000|5.0|What may sound like a dry subject turns out to be a fascinating read thanks to the thorough exploration and skilled pen of Atul Gawande. Filled with a wide spectrum of real-life examples, this makes for the most compelling non-fiction I have read in years. In addition to informing and entertaining, this book has direct application to my professional activities, which will surely benefit from my new, deepened understanding of what it takes to make things better.
B00004TLB2|2.0|Read the title.  It was not made expressly clear that this film was not a USA formatted film.  Therefore, I purchased a movie I can never watch, great product right?
0375836675|5.0|This is the story of a young man who will give us all hope.  Well, at least he gave me hope.  His life is, let's face it, somewhat miserable, and as he begins the tasks that are assigned to him through the story, his life and others touched by him begin to seem brighter.  This is the second book I read by this author, and I loved them both.  His descriptions are so on that I swear by the end of the book I could smell Doorman (the dog) through the pages.  Yuck!  It's a story of love, and forgiveness and hope.  What else can I ask for?
B000063DIH|4.0|So many purists out there claim that \\"the only real Maiden is the 80's Maiden,\\" that \\"anything post-80's sucked,\\" etc. Well with this album, they all are proven to just be WRONG. For so long I bought into that whole purist thing, but one day I felt bold and ordered this sucker off of Amazon. My expectations were not all that high, but knowing that the title track was killer I figured this couldn't hurt to give it a try. I also knew that the opening 2 tracks (both released as singles) were solid. I was not, however, aware of what was on the rest of the album. It truly comes off as perhaps the band at their most versatile. The mix is interesting.<br /><br />Four tracks sound like Iron Maiden's attempt to cross over to more commercial territory. \\"From Here To Eternity\\" is a pop-metal song almost, but the timing was bad, as grunge had already taken over at this point. \\"Wasting Love\\" is a rare attempt at a ballad; while I personally think it is the weakest track on the album due to one of Bruce's least convincing vocal performances, it did manage some U.S. radio airplay, peaking at no. 15 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Chart. \\"Chains Of Misery\\" is a somewhat sluggish, rather bluesy track that chugs along consistently, while \\"Weekend Warrior\\" sounds even more pop-happy than the first of this set of tracks. While these are bizarre for Iron Maiden after so long as an undeniable metal force, they somehow managed to click with this long time fan.<br /><br />A pair of tracks come off as some of the straight-up heaviest material that Iron Maiden ever laid to tape. \\"Be Quick Or Be Dead\\" is easily Iron Maiden's most vicious speed-metal number (they have a share) due to the heavy rasp on Dickinson's voice and the killer solos, while the engineering gives the intro riff of \\"The Fugitive\\" a significantly higher amount of crunch than I'm used to hearing.<br /><br />The remainder of it is fairly traditional Iron Maiden material. \\"Fear Is The Key,\\" \\"Childhood's End,\\" \\"The Apparition,\\" and \\"Judas Be My Guide\\" are four of their best album tracks. There's also a pair of epics. \\"Afraid To Shoot Strangers\\" does have a segment that is thoroughly reminiscent of the classic \\"Hallowed Be Thy Name,\\" but honestly, I don't mind too much. The rest of the track is much more of its own song. And its lyrics are some of the deepest that Iron Maiden ever put to paper; the point of view from a soldier in the Gulf War who does not seem to like what he is being sent out to do. On the other hand, \\"Fear Of The Dark\\" is a concert staple that is one of their ultimate closing tracks, only bettered by the likes of \\"To Tame A Land\\" and \\"Hallowed Be Thy Name.\\"<br /><br />The surprisingly good album that is Fear Of The Dark is one that is criminally underrated in Iron Maiden's long discography and should not be dismissed due to it being released after 1988. By all means, check it out.\\" are four of their best album tracks. There's also a pair of epics. \\"Afraid To Shoot Strangers\\" does have a segment that is thoroughly reminiscent of the classic \\"Hallowed Be Thy Name,\\" but honestly, I don't mind too much. The rest of the track is much more of its own song. And its lyrics are some of the deepest that Iron Maiden ever put to paper; the point of view from a soldier in the Gulf War who does not seem to like what he is being sent out to do. On the other hand, \\"Fear Of The Dark\\" is a concert staple that is one of their ultimate closing tracks, only bettered by the likes of \\"To Tame A Land\\" and \\"Hallowed Be Thy Name.\\"    The surprisingly good album that is Fear Of The Dark is one that is criminally underrated in Iron Maiden's long discography and should not be dismissed due to it being released after 1988. By all means, check it out.
B004L3AR0K|4.0|I just finished watching this movie, and was curious as to what other people thought.  Personally, I thought that the acting was phenomenal; there was a wide range of emotions in the movie, and I'm impressed with the maturity of the actors.  That said, it still felt odd to see quite so much nudity--I didn't think it fit with the seriousness of the subject matter (not the sex scenes themselves, but I was surprised at how many there were!).      This movie is about loving someone with Parkinson's, but the trailers gave me the impression that it was a lighthearted romance, which is obviously not true.     Overall I give it 4-stars.  A unusual story, great actors, and a relatively happy ending.  The negatives include the unlikability of several of the characters, as well as some of the things I mentioned above.  I couldn't help but feel that there were SOOOO many sex scenes because Anne Hathaway was officially moving into the adult movie-world, or something like that.  I mean, I'm pretty sure that most actresses (and actors, I suppose) start REFUSING to take off all their clothes when they reach a certain level of success.  Since I'm not privy to Anne and Jake's thoughts, I conclude that they were very brave.  And looked good.  =)
B002G1YPH0|4.0|I purchased this as a replacement for the stock cooler on my Core i5-2500k as I had been interested in Overclocking but was worried about excess heat.    Installation was a bit of a hassle and the included instructions are a complete joke.  This is a direct contact heat pipe design cooler and your normal method of TIM application will not suffice.  You really need to cram it up in between the pipes and the base plate for good thermal conductivity.    Running a 4.8GHz 24/7 overclock on it for about 2 weeks now.  Idle temps are nice and cool, around 28C in an ambient environment of 65F.  Load temps under stress testing hit 71C on 1 of the cores, but never reach above 62C in gaming.    This is by far the best sub $50 cooler I've ever purchased.  The included fan is a little noisy at full speed, but it moves some serious air.  The ability to add a second fan if wanted is a nice touch.    Just do yourself a favor.  Read [...] in regards to proper TIM installation.  Doing it properly brought my load temps down by nearly 10C
B001CDWFPC|2.0|I can't believe there is no title bar displaying current book and chapter information.  Also the navigation is abismal.  Pressing the select button does nothing.  If you enter a reference (ie John 1:1) you get 45 pages of worthless references - who knows which one would get you to your desired verse.
B000KIPT30|5.0|I bought this item to amplify the weak audio signal coming out of my PC to go into my LCD tv. The other inputs are HDMI so the DVI PC input made the volume much lower than the other inputs. This little amp fixed the problem.
B004I2K4DY|4.0|I agree with many of the reviewers on the absolute stunning performances of many of the roles, particularly Valjean and Javert -- while Colm Wilkinson is still my #1 fav, there was a tenderness in the way Alfie Boe played and sang the role of Valjean, and Norm Lewis (\\"Javert\\") was INTENSE and did a wonderful interpretation of that role.  Also, Lea Salonga was just amazing.    That said, why I didn't rate this \\"5 stars\\" was because of some pretty big misses.  Nick Jonas played the role of Marius as well as Michael Ball if not better, but his singing just could not come close to what Ball brought to the stage: he appeared to miss so many notes that I began to feel like an \\"American Idol\\" judge, wanting to urge him to stick to pop music.  The orchestra was poorly balanced, with brass absolutely slaying the strings and woodwinds, leaving some very tender and moving countermelodies almost totally unheard.    In the end, though I totally embraced Alfie Boe as the central character and would pay big bucks to see him sing this role, this felt like a \\"let's bring back Les Mis but freshen it up a bit\\" and that they did.  I enjoyed watching it, but if I were to reach on the shelf for a version I truly enjoy, it would be the 10th Anniversary Edition.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|Tchaikovsky composed one of his most beautiful musics for that old tale in which a prince will come to free the white swan who is a princess but the prince will fall in love with the adventurous and enterprising black swan and that will cause the death, the suicide of the white swan. Charming Princes are no longer what they used to be: they want to choose their princesses. Princes have been liberated from simple predetermined stories, especially when there is un ugly black duckling in the flock.<br /><br />The cruelty and the difficulty of the choreography is that the same dancer is supposed to be both the white and the black swans. Two styles, two genres, two universes that are so antagonistic and so mutually hostile, that it leads to a drama every night. If the dancer identifies with that impossible and schizophrenic situation it is more than a drama, it becomes a tragedy.<br /><br />The genius of this film is to invest and embed the dancer in a personal situation that leads to death in a way or another. She is the daughter of a dancer who stopped dancing at the age of twenty-eight when she got pregnant, without a father and twenty-eight is old for a dancer. She never was anything but a member of the chorus line. She carries her daughter at arm's length into realizing the dream she has never been able to realize herself: to become the Swan Queen. She supports her, helps her, takes care of her in the most stifling way imaginable.<br /><br />She thus stifles in her any kind of personal libido, love instinct. That makes the daughter awkwardly constantly scratch her shoulders. But when she starts embodying the Janus double-face Sawn Queen, the darkest impulses surge up and find their way out in a fantasy-driven nightmare. She explodes in unsatisfied or self-satisfied sexual impulses. She develops a strong hatred for her body-double, a body-double which is normal practice with ballet stars.<br /><br />The worst is till to come because her mother who wanted her to be what she herself has not been able to be is also the one who wants to prevent her daughter to do what she has not herself done, hence to succeed better than her. This conflict between the mother and the daughter is also schizophrenic. The dancer can identify perfectly with the paranoid psychotic Swan Queen and live the fate of the white swan right to the bitter end of its death.<br /><br />The music is the most beautiful music you will ever hear but do not get trapped by the poisonous syrup that flows from the notes. The candy is laced with ecstasy if you are lucky, more probably with arsenic if you are really lucky, because then you can evade this unbearable world. And that is a phenomenal liberation, to die when the audience in the house is frantically calling for you after the show.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAUle to be is also the one who wants to prevent her daughter to do what she has not herself done, hence to succeed better than her. This conflict between the mother and the daughter is also schizophrenic. The dancer can identify perfectly with the paranoid psychotic Swan Queen and live the fate of the white swan right to the bitter end of its death.    The music is the most beautiful music you will ever hear but do not get trapped by the poisonous syrup that flows from the notes. The candy is laced with ecstasy if you are lucky, more probably with arsenic if you are really lucky, because then you can evade this unbearable world. And that is a phenomenal liberation, to die when the audience in the house is frantically calling for you after the show.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B0045HCJ9E|5.0|My husband and I love Hitchcock movies, and this has turned out to be a favorite for us...just the right amount of suspense and mystery to keep you hooked.
B0007VCZ50|5.0|I so enjoyed this when it was originally released (saw it at the Cinerama Dome in Hollywood,Ca). I've been telling people about it ever since. I love being able to SHOW it to them!
B0042RJWTC|5.0|Okay. So, many will bemoan the artistic license taken here, and the historical inaccuracies. But I tell you this, even the historians take liberties enough, most of their 'facts' are based on conjecture and liberally salted by their own agendas.<br /><br />So in this case, I give kudos to the production and acting talent of this Showtime series. It's visually stunning and lush, with rich drama and emotional depth -- all balanced and sufficient to keep intact the essence of the history it is portraying. And it's done in such a way that inspires one to go and READ more on the time period  -- always a good thing. By drawing a bridge through time and making it accessible to viewers 500 years into the future -- it makes it easy to feel a connection to the actual people this tragedy unfolded around so very long ago -- in a different time, and different world, but one that's still relative and relatable --  to our own every day realities. For there is so much one can relate to in this story.<br /><br />It does leaving you wanting more -- and that's always the problem when a show or movie tries to tell the story of a life of a real person who lived in history. The story rarely ends at their death. They have children, and their children have children. The people around them continue, new ones join the stage, others have their curtain calls. The politics of the family, country, and the world continue, empires rise and fall, custom and philosophy continue to change. People fall in and out of love, stay in and out of marriage, become pregnant, have babies, raise them, lose them. LIFE keeps happening, and these are the stories of people whose life were very full of these happenings.  It is only natural to want to know \\"what happens next?\\"<br /><br />So what about it, Showtime, why not continue the story? It's not like you would be lacking in material?
B002JCSRKC|1.0|I like Crocs, the brand, the technology and the concept.  And I LOVE how this pair of rain boots look (i got the yellow ones).  However, the use of this stiffer material on a pair of calve high rain boots does not only made me walk funny (which I don't mind, honestly) but also caused \\"trauma\\" to the tendon in my feet, according to my doctor.  I got this pair and started wearing them on Feb. 25, I have worn them for 3~4 time since, and I was just diagnosed with \\"Ganglion cyst\\" on the top of my left foot.      I don't want to blame these boots for the only reason but I really can't recall any \\"traumatizing experience\\" my left foot had (again, I agree this sounds exaggerating, but that's what my doctor said), the only thing that is \\"not comfortable\\" I remember is this pair of cute boots.  So, watch out if you have relatively high arch in your feet.    I am so sad i won't be able to wear them any more.  I also hope Crocs can look into improving this rain boot model.
0877180121|5.0|This book is one of the easiest and fun book to learn music.  The colorful funny characters makes it easy to learn new notes and concepts.  This is great for beginners who have no prior knowledge and great for all ages.  I will definitely recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn piano music.
B004A5EWZK|5.0|We were very impressed with the quality of the complete 4-season series of \\"The Tudors.\\"  After reading some of the reviews before we purchased the package, we were afraid that the series wouldn't have closed-captioning.  So, what a pleasant surprise to find that IT DID, in fact, have closed-captioning!  We use the closed-captioning option not only because of our hearing problems, but so we don't miss any of the dialogue.  I would recommend the closed-captioning option to everyone regardless of their hearing capabilities.    The acting, costumes, actors/actresses, drama, and portrayal of the period were superb.  The actual history doesn't follow exactly, or even close much of the time, but that's what \\"historical fiction\\" is, isn't it?  There are many graphic sexual situations that may not be appropriate for all viewers.  All in all, we absolutely loved it.
B002ZG9774|1.0|This review is not on the movie -- I have not viewed it yet.    The Blu-Ray will not play on PS3 without a firmware update.  Required firmware update removes features from the PS3.  I hope this aids anyone deciding to make this purchase, although I am sure the future holds many more of these types of requirements for Blu-Rays on PS3.    Side Note: nobody in the household wanted to watch the movie in DVD instead even though the package includes a DVD.    <Update>  The minimum required PS3 system version is 3.51 to watch this Blu-Ray.  After careful consideration, I installed the latest PS3 system version 3.60 and was able to play the Blu-Ray.  The flack appears to be that 3.21 and newer takes away feature 'Install Other OS' which we determined we would not use.  </Update>
B00092ZMDY|5.0|This is a great concert with excellent quality audio.  I had read good things about the production quality of this DVD and it was better than I expected.  I previously purchased a Blu-Ray version of the Rock & Roll HOF 25 year concert and was impressed by the audio engineered product and when I heard the Eagles I failed to find much difference in quality even if it was not Blu-Ray.    The Eagles have been around long enough to feel comfortable on stage and their relaxed professional persona shines in this concert.  This is one DVD I have watched again and again without growing tired.  This is a flawless well edited and well produced DVD and they just don't get much better.
B00475AYJQ|5.0|It has been about 4 years since the first book, so I had to re-read it before reading Wise Man's Fear.  This is truly a saga - a history filled with immortal deeds, kings, supernatural beings and fallen heros.  While these elements are common to fantasy, Rothfuss tells Kvothe's story in an original way.  Familiar themes exist, and yes, the hero does win most of his battles -- but often not in the way that you would expect.  There are fantastical events, but there is little obvious machina ex deus to extract the hero from his choices.  In addition, he gives depth and understanding to many lesser characters as well as his hero.  His hero makes as many mistakes as any young man could.<br />Shockingly, the hardback edition is not bloated at 993 pages.  I was not bored.  I will definitely sign up for the pre-release of part 3.
B003V9OCIS|5.0|I am rarely inspired to comment on movies.  This one is simply too good to leave hidden.  On every level this film excels and is memorable.      From the very first frames, the cinematography shows careful framing of every image.   The landscapes are so spectacular that you cannot communicate them in words.   Everything is vast and yet made intimate.  You are really made to feel like you are scaling the mountain.    The film communicates a sense of culture in a very intimate and realistic way.   You feel as if you are a witness to Germany and Austria in 1936.  These are very believable 1936 Germans.   You don't feel you are watching actors.    The tragedy is enormous, but there is also a cautionary tale here about hubris and decision making as well.   It is a tough movie to watch, even for a hardened adult.   I don't recommend this one for young children.   But for those who can stomach watching the cruelty of this kind of alpine environment, this is a truly magnificent movie.
0061537969|4.0|\\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" is the story of an elderly dog named Enzo as he considers his life.  He stood by his man (guardian) Denny through Denny's wife's terminal illness, some wrongful accusations against Denny that cause Denny to lose his livelihood, custody of his daughter, and, seemingly, everything but Enzo.<br /><br />Without giving any spoilers, I have to say that one part toward the end of this novel is a real stretch to believe, but upon rereading it and seeing that it is in italics, I now see that this was what Enzo would have done for Denny if he could have, not necessarily what really happened.  This segment shows Enzo's loyalty to Denny even more.<br /><br />Though not flawless, this is a heartwarming story of how our four-legged friends can be more loyal to us than our two-legged ones.
B004CURZFC|5.0|I missed this when it was in theaters and even still it was worth the wait.  A very well told story with a moral.
B0039UTDA6|1.0|The moron version re-narration of the \\"Life\\" series by Oprah Winfrey for American audiences has inspired me. Time and again I have watched the \\"Cosmos\\" series narrated by Carl Sagan and couldn't help but feel my visual and auditory journey through the shores of the Cosmic ocean just felt...well...too intellectual. It was as if I was expected to take interest in the world outside of my daily psychological diet of biased newscasts and consumerist media and entertainment. I simply felt my world view and preconceived notions were too challenged. Seeing that there is a willingness to change the narration of scientific documentaries to make them more appealing to American audiences, I was elated that this precedent may continue not only going forward, but backwards as well and I wondered if there was a possibility of replacing the \\"Cosmos\\" narration with one rewritten to be more American in its perspective and perhaps read by Kim Kardashian or possibly the minister Rick Warren? Thank you Discovery and BBC for giving hope to everyone out there who just doesn't trust a documentary read by some foreigner with decades of expertise regarding the subject matter of the film in question.
B003V6L94Q|4.0|We really enjoy the Zac Brown Band.  There are many songs that we really enjoy.  However, we like The Foundation much better.  It's still worth purchasing however.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|A festival of the destruction of Western Civilization, and all that's left at the end is Africa? I'd rather drown!  Thank goodness this terrible film is only fiction!
0439023513|1.0|I'll keep my review in vague terms for those who still want to read the book, though I'm warning you now you may not like it.    After being captivated by the first two books in the trilogy and then reading this one, I got the sense that Suzanne Collins was either on a stringent deadline with the final book or just lost interest in it altogether.  Either way, I think the quality of the writing and the story suffer for it.     First, the pacing is terrible.  I had a hard time getting into the first half of the book because it seemed to drag on forever without really going anywhere.  Then the second half speeds up to a frenetic pace, which is exciting for a while, but then it's just exhausting.  Details are glossed over. Character development is almost non-existent. Then in the last couple chapters, the author doesn't even bother to tell the story anymore... she just kind of sums it up, creating an abrupt, thoroughly unsatisfying ending.    Second, I understand that a great story does not require the \\"happy ending\\" that we're all hoping for.  But it does at the very least give the reader something to pause and think about, a lesson learned, or an admirable demonstration of character worth aspiring towards.  At the end of this book, I felt I'd experienced none of these.  Other than the obvious \\"war is miserable\\", what kind of enlightenment did Collins intend for her readers?  What can we learn from Katniss, who--despite coming through hell and back--doesn't seem to learn much of anything herself?    Finally, the people who will feel the most let down by Mockingjay are the ones who were drawn in by the romatic love triangle, which Collins built up so well in the first two books.  I was on edge the entire book wondering how she would resolve this.  Who would Katniss choose, if at all?  Unfortunately this aspect of the story is treated as no more than an afterthought in the rushed ending.  If the Hunger Games trilogy was never intended to be part romance story, then the first two books should have never led us to believe it was.    This book left me feeling empty.  A story that holds so much promise deserves a better ending than what Collins gave it.
0060826487|3.0|\\"Do not cite the Deep Magic to me, Witch. I was there when it was written\\"<br /><br />The four Pevensie children - Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy - have come into the countryside to live with The Professor, away from the war. While there, Lucy discovers an old wardrobe that leads to a magical world.<br /><br />I Liked:<br />I find myself at a loss figuring out what I want to say about this book. I've never been as fond of \\"The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe\\" as I've been of \\"The Magician's Nephew\\", but it certainly isn't a bad book.<br />The story is clever and unique. At the time, not many fantasy stories existed for children, and this book definitely transports you to a world much different than ours. I love how it is populated with mythological creatures like fauns, nymphs and centaurs, but also has talking animals (which Disney almost owns exclusive rights to), and not just your \\"typical\\" talking animals, like cats and dogs, but animals like beavers (beavers?! That wouldn't have been my first choice) and lions.<br />Another clever addition was the treachery of Edmund. Children in books tend to come off as almost insanely perfect and unable to err, and even this book doesn't avoid it 100% as Lucy, Peter, and Susan do have near-perfect attributes. But Edmund's deception, greed, and subsequent guilt do make things more realistic and show redemption. Plus, it keeps our bad guys from being painfully bad.<br /><br />I Didn't Like:<br />What's always bugged me about \\"The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe\\" was the heavy-handed Christian allegory/symbolism/whatever-you-call-it. I consider myself a religious person, and yet the message is still too heavy-handed to me and makes me feel I am being bludgeoned with a brick. There were some things that weren't bad (Edmund's redemption), but the obvious parallels to Christian ideology, again, made me cringe.<br />Similarly, I found a lot of the characters to be very simplistic and easily drawn out. I realize this is a children's novel, but still, it would have been nice had Lucy not been so obviously perfect (it could have made the \\"Who is lying?\\" bit between Lucy and Edmund's stories of Narnia more interesting) and had Peter and Susan had more character beyond \\"caring, older siblings\\".<br />I also wasn't fond at all of the lack of participation of the girls in particular and the children in general. Lucy finds the land of Narnia, so she gets some brownie points, but after that, her purpose is nothing. Peter fights a battle and that is it. Susan is the worst as she does nothing that couldn't have been done by one of her other siblings. Honestly, the only person that does anything in the course of the novel is Edmund, and even that is only mess things up. The children themselves do nothing; only their presence in Narnia dictates any action, and that is because of a painfully written poem/prophecy. I understand that Lewis was going for an allegory of sorts between Narnia and our world in Christian terms and that our characters are children and can't be miniature Rambos and Rocky's, but when none of our characters really do much, it makes the whole story feel a little pointless.<br />Also, I know this book was published in 1952, but I hated how Susan and Lucy were purposefully cut out of the fight (\\"Wars aren't for girls\\" - but they aren't for little boys, either) and the prejudice to non-humans (Mr. Beaver says that the White Witch is bad because she isn't human but is pretending to be human and those kinds of people can't be trusted...WTF?!). Maybe if Susan and Lucy had more of a role, then I wouldn't complain.<br /><br />Dialogue/Sexual Situations/Violence:<br />Absolutely nothing.<br />While no where near as creepy as Uncle Andrew towards Polly in The Magician's Nephew, the White Witch does act pretty cozy to Edmund.<br />There is an epic battle; a major character dies.<br /><br />Overall:<br />While enjoyable to read, I did find myself growing bored, irritated, or embarrassed while reading this book. I would have preferred a book less overt about its theme and message, and one that spent more time building characters and making them important. However, this book does ignite a spark of imagination and creativity, and I think children would enjoy it worlds more than a jaded adult like me.<br /><br />Brought to you by:<br />*C.S. Light*e that spent more time building characters and making them important. However, this book does ignite a spark of imagination and creativity, and I think children would enjoy it worlds more than a jaded adult like me.  Brought to you by:  *C.S. Light*
B0030IIYYS|5.0|After watching Toy Story the original, I was hesitant to get #2 because the sequals are usually not as good as the original but my grandsons love this as much as the original.
B00428ZRFY|5.0|Absolutely her greatest work to date. From start to finish you are drawn into the music. My 65 year old partner likes to listen to this album in the car.
0439023521|4.0|Title pretty much says it all.  The characters are well developed and the plot moves at a steady pace.  The ending is a bit \\"The Lady, and the Tiger\\"-esque so there are two more books to satisfy Collins' ambiguity.      I am a high school literature teacher and I'm always trying to keep a good library for my students.  This one does, of course, deal with death and murder so you may want to tread lightly if you have sensitive parents and/or students, though the violence is not at all glorified.    I like this book because I can use it to teach utopia v dystopia, heroic characteristics, setting, imagery, and symbolism.  My girls like it because of the romance. Though the romance does play a significant role in plot development, it's not the be all end all of the story.  I think there is a much deeper theme about humanity that can be explored with kids.    The second and third books in the series progressed predictably and at times seemed stalled while Collins tried to figure out what to do next.
B003KZZ4TO|5.0|I ordered Eminem and that's what I got. I really don't like this album all that much, but my girlfriend at the time loved it. Had no problems with the vinyl.
0064431622|5.0|My kids are growing to like chameleons, so the book was a hit. I also loved the message and the illustrations (Eric Carle is BEST at that!). \\"A Million Chameleons\\" by James Young is next on the to-read list. And then back to Janet Hurst-Nicholson' \\"Leon Chameleon P.I. and the Case of the Kidnapped Mouse\\", that started the whole chameleon fascination. If your child likes chameleons, these are the must-read books! I just wish more books about chameleons  were available on Kindle (we read the Leon book on our Kindle at doctors' offices, before and after school practices and on the playground - nothing can beat the e-reader convenience:)).
0689878451|5.0|We are living in Switzerland and as we had no such type of books here, we've ordered this one from Amazon.com.  Our son is now 7 years old and when we think back to the time we have explained with this book how our family has started, we are still very happy about how helpful the explanations with Tango were.   Even our 2,5 year old son could understand in a very easy way, how our family has started. For him it was absolutely logical and he developed never doughts about the structure of our family.   I highly recomend this book to all people who wants to explain to their kids in a very young age how rainbow-families are been created.    Thank you very much
B00475AYJQ|3.0|I love The Name of the Wind. In fact, I've been able to make myself a hero on oodles of occasions by recommending Name of the Wind to people \\"looking for a good book.\\" The only person I've recommended it to who didn't really care for it was my wife. So figure that one out.    I received Wise Man's Fear from Amazon early Tuesday morning and devoured it. I was never bored while reading it - the characters were sharp, Rothfuss is a ridiculously skilled writer, and there's plenty in this book to keep you engrossed and entertained.     So why three stars? Why am I not falling all over myself to praise this one?    Because it's kind of a mess. An engrossing, brilliant, hot and swanky mess, but a mess just the same.     My biggest problem is that, with some minor, token exceptions, I know exactly as much about the Chandrian as I did before I read this book. Same goes for the Amyr and the Valeritas door in the archives. I actually feel like I know less about the framing story with the Scrael and Kvothe's slow-mo death wish. All the new things Rothfuss reveals in Book II are things that are kind of cool and groovy in their own right, but they seem fairly inconsequential to the overall story, and often they feel as if they've been dragged in from the Kvothe band's inferior opening act. It's like I've watched an entire season of a Kvothe TV series that is saving all the good bits for sweeps, which presumably doesn't arrive until Book III.     And, to dangerously and alchemically mix metaphors, Book III is going to have to do a whole lot of heavy lifting to tie up all the loose ends. I would not be surprised if the Kingkiller Chronicles isn't really as trilological as Rothfuss initially intended. (No, trililogical isn't really a word. Shut up.)    And, to move from the trililogical to the puritanical, I found it jarring that Kvothe shifted from Gentlemanly Prude to Sheenlike Horndog in about twenty pages. Lots more sex in this book than the recommended daily allowance. Kvothe also kills a lot of people in very gruesome and bloody ways, and, disconcertingly, he seems to enjoy it altogether more than he ought. He's a very interesting, compelling character, but I don't like him nearly as much as I did before this book started. But what do I know? He's on a drug called Kvothe, and if you took it, your children would weep over your exploded body. (For the record, I don't really like Charlie Sheen that much, either.)     Oh, that leads me to a minor spoiler: Kvothe also, apparently, nibbles on some obscure birth control root on a regular basis to keep his Kvothified spermies in check. This was the only moment in the book that I thought was unqualifiedly ridiculous. Kvothe loses everything he owns multiple times in this book, but somehow, someway, he holds onto his arboreal condoms? Please.    To sum up: Wise Man's Fear is a mixed, messy bag. Still love Rothfuss; still love The Name of the Wind, and will buy and devour the third book on the first day of its release.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|LOVE this CD! There is not a bad song on it. On days when I'm feeling blah...I listen to this, endorphins surge and my mood instantly improves! Bruno Mars is a very gifted singer/songwriter/musician.
B002NVTBOU|5.0|It's  an excellent CD, both Buika and Valdes.  However, I am really sorry to tell you that I am missing the front cover of the CD.
B00475AYJQ|5.0|I read alot,  alot.  Rothfuss has to be one of the single best authors I've ever had the joy to read.  I am torn between begging him to write faster,  and trying to be patient so he can keep his amazing attention to detail. The way he writes the narrative, reminding you gently that this is being told in a wayside inn,  is brilliant.  The characters are so real, flawed and heroic.  This series is a gift to all fiction lovers,  not just the fantasy fans.  If you want a story to read,  one that you will always remember and be willing to reread, this is it.  Don't hesitate.
B003QNXPUK|3.0|when i first got it, i read the instructions, it took me a bout 30 min getting it perfectly on the iphone but once set it looked great, I really liked it. A few days after I put it on, I slit the phone in the front pocket of my leather purse and unfortunately, the leather peeled off the bottom of the screen protector and it will not stick back on the phone so I had to remove it altogether. Only thin I can say, it is really nice, just don't put your iphone into something like leather that will mess it up.
B002VHI8FE|3.0|This book is a bit too much like the latest \\"Wheel of Time\\" book: both have too many characters, too slow a plot, and remain partially unread on my kindle.  It was a bit of a disappointment, especially after reading \\"Best Served Cold\\"--that book, I truly enjoyed.
030746363X|5.0|Awesome information. If I had no knowledge I would say it is a lot of brouhaha but it is not. Also kudos to the seller for super fast service.
0375405380|5.0|Damn, Don Winslow's \\"The Power of the Dog\\" is one hell of an ambitious novel. And it came out in 2005 - why haven't I heard about it until now? Obviously, my fault - I blame the usual culprits of isolation and ignorance. I mean I even read the blurb and didn't think much of the premise, but still decided to give it a go. I was dead wrong - the book rocked, I barely put it down. It's got everything an intense retelling of America's war on drugs needs. It aligns so many real and hypothesized events in history, with Winslow's well crafted fictional characters - that in essence he's just giving us all a history lesson. But this isn't the history of boring school textbooks, it's the stuff of films and sadly, reality - stuff that makes you interested and actually think. He's got an Ollie North stand in, and George Bush's indoctrinations of the Contra guns for dope scam. The Red Scare of Central America, Mafia/CIA/Catholic Church involvement, and Narcotraficantes' takeover of Mexico, and the subsequent open border agreement of NAFTA that insured a constant supply of narcotics to America - go congress. Go USA. Go CIA, DEA, FBI - your government doesn't care about you, its citizens. They'd rather see your kids on drugs than commies in Bogot&aacute;.  It's brutal, it's bloody, it's intense. It should've won the Nation Book Award - read it.
B004MMEIK0|4.0|I would have given this book 5 stars, but the term \\"God's Blood\\" was repeated on almost every page. Was a great story from beginning to end, but a little fast in switching from person to  person.
0061714372|4.0|This was a great read and one of the best autobiographies I have read.  You get to see inside Dave's mind and find out just what drives him. I like the fact that he is very open and honest with what is happening,has happened and what he hopes will happen in his life.  You cannot deny the talent that is Mustaine.
0446195529|1.0|I'm a hugh Baldacci fan. I very much enjoyed the previous Camel Club stories, but I'm afraid Mr Baldacci has rode this horse until it died. Hopefully he'll return to the quick, smart, punch you in the stomach type novels we all love. Give this work a 6Z (ZZZZZZ) rating.
0061726826|4.0|As a lover of all things dystopian, I was very eagerly anticipating a chance to read this book. In many ways, the book met my expectations, but in others I was left feeling a little bewildered.<br /><br />One thing that a dystopian must do well for me is establish a sense of fear or urgency pretty much at all times. There isn't a lot of time to rest for our heroes, and they have to be constantly aware of their surroundings and who to trust.  Delirium definitely came through on those points.  However, I thought that classifying love as a disease to be a little strange. The society obviously encouraged affection and didn't encourage hatred. I think what they actually were trying to prevent was passion.  Passionate love can sometimes turn to passionate hatred, and we all know how that ends up.  In many ways the book reminded me of the movie Equilibrium. (Bonus: it has Christian Bale in it. However, there is a particularly tense scene where puppies are killed. Just so you know).  Basically, the entire population has to take a pill to prevent them from feeling emotion. This eradicates crimes of passion. There is also an underground rebellion much like the  one in Delirium that the government would just like to ignore and pretend it doesn't exist.<br /><br />Lena's character was a little too reactive for my tastes. For most of the book, I felt like the plot was moving along almost in spite of her, and at times she was definitely struggling to keep up. And because I didn't love Leta, I had a hard time understanding why Alex decided that he did. Speaking of characters, I really would have liked to know a little more about her best friend Hana, and her niece Grace. Both of these characters were so well-developed at the beginning of the story that it was really disappointing when they took a backseat once the romance between Alex and Lena started to take off.<br /><br />The writing definitely carried this book for me. Had the writing not been as good as it was, I probably would not have liked it nearly as well as I did. In fact, while I was in the moment reading the book, I had almost no complaints. It wasn't until I sat down and really thought about the story that I thought about a few inconsistencies.  I'll definitely pick up more books by Lauren Oliver in the future, because I certainly was taken with her style.rly as well as I did. In fact, while I was in the moment reading the book, I had almost no complaints. It wasn't until I sat down and really thought about the story that I thought about a few inconsistencies.  I'll definitely pick up more books by Lauren Oliver in the future, because I certainly was taken with her style.
B004BC7MRM|5.0|I agree this album is a mixed bag. I've been a Kid Rock fan since I saw him three years ago at Boyne Mt. in Northern Michigan. His show was an inspiration. Now I'm a huge fan and I appreciate his mature approach to this more reserve but very enjoyable selection that showcases his amazing talent.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt is incredible. This book is worth reading more than once. It makes you want to reach into the book and hold him.
B003UESJHE|5.0|I wasn't surprised at all when this little Australian/British indie won the Best Picture and Best Actor awards plus Best Director. Though If I were on the committee, my vote would've gone to \\"Inception\\" as Best Picture but the history of the Academy leans towards the conservative so I'm not surprised that they voted for this picture over the more metaphysical, off-beat charm of Chris Nolan's masterpiece. In all other respects I agreed with their choices though I feel that Geoffrey Rush's understated performance as the Aussie therapist deserved the Best Supporting Actor award (he did win the BAFTA) over Christian Bale's overly busy actorish performance in \\"The Fighter\\". As they would say, even my late mother would've loved this movie and even in the pre-dominatedly Black communities this picture has gained fans over the seemingly more relevant \\"The Social Network\\". Another factor why I favored this film over Fincher's film is that I was once a \\"stutter\\" myself.
B0019NB9A2|5.0|In a decade of giant bugs movies and ultra low budgets Forbidden Planet stands out as a film of wit, intelligence and impressive special effects.  Well worth the viewing. The extras are a must for the person who likes the inside look of the film making process.  Now that the cast is all gone I wonder where Robbie the Robot is these days?
0060825219|5.0|Zahir, as the title says is in fact a novel of obsession. Obsession of a best selling author with the sudden disappearance of his wife who lives in Paris. The book explains his journey with the help of another man who happens to know his wife and had helped her in her escape. As the book unfolds it becomes clear that she escaped to find herself, show her husband what he had and what he is missing now and to take a journey.    The disappearance of his wife, forces the narrator to revisit every aspect of his life, his past, his fears, his beliefs and his feelings for her. He slowly starts loosing his anger and frustration with her decision to leave and develops a profound respect and love for her and everything she did. The narrator realizes that she had helped start an entire movement in Paris of people who are trying to get back in touch with their spiritual roots. Finally when the time is right, he meets her and by then all his illusions are clear, he knows what she wanted and he is in touch with himself and the universe.    To me the book holds a special status as the I see my own impression in the narrator. He ridicules fake social rituals which people do just because everyone else does it. There is a very interesting term 'Favor Bank' which is used throughout the book, which is very true in the context of modern world. The author loves his freedom, his solitude and at the same time is very comfortable with few people at all times. There are quotes which are very profound and interesting 'Freedom is not the absence of commitments, but the ability to choose - and commit myself to what is best for me'. In my opinion, the book is a gem of a work and kudos to Paulo Coelho for this work.
0767802519|3.0|The Professional is not credible, lacks energy, which is surprising for a thriller, and borders on pedophilia in its presentation of a beautiful child all dressed up in come-on outfits. On the other hand, that child, Natalie Portman, is stunning as an actress. And the many closeups don't hurt either.
B003HARV3Y|5.0|It's always difficult to find anything original to say about a product that has been reviewed hundreds of times. That said here are my impression.<br /><br />No movie could have possibly duplicated the tone of the book. The book is written in first person by protagonist Percy Jackson. Much of the humor and tone of the book comes from Percy's hilarious commentary on his situation and various predicaments. Baring a narration device which is very difficult to pull off without slowing down the pace of the movie to a crawl, any movie made from the book had to take a different approach. The movie has to be judged on its own merits.<br /><br />The movie pretty much succeeds in my opinion. I almost gave it four instead of five stars because I thought the Percy and Annabeth characters were undeveloped. Brandon T. Jackson's Grover stole every scene. The action sequences were well rendered and generally great, in many cases improvements over those in the book.<br /><br />In short, the movie was about as faithful as it was possible to be to the book without being overly long. Fans of the book who don't like liberties taken will not like it, but all other fantasy action fans should have no problems.
0393338959|5.0|Stiglitz is thorough in presenting his case regarding the reasons for the economic collapse in 2008. Given his knowledge and expertise I appreciated his successful attempt to explain economic theories in layman's terms. He admittedly acknowledges he's a centrist in his perspective and it clearly comes through in his writing. Others, with more economic chops, may not appreciate the layman approach, but I for one appreciated it; given the complexity of our economic quagmire. Hence my five star rating.
1416550550|1.0|Possible spoiler alert follows.  I enjoyed the way the author weaved together the stories in this novel and left clues with which my mind played as I figured out the mystery.  It was wordy enough to border on tedious at times, but I mainly disliked this book because it left me feeling sad.  If I'm going to read a book as long as this one, I want to at least feel good about it. This book left me with the feeling that life is horrible and it often gets worse.  It had too many \\"West Side Story\\" \\"if only\\" elements that plagued me.  Why pick on Eliza?  Why does her life never get better?  Why write a book like this?  Why read a book like this?
B004A8ZX28|4.0|The plot of \\"Unknown\\" might not bear much scrutiny after you've seen it, but the movie succeeds totally in its goal of giving you an exciting two hours. Liam Neeson is charismatic as usual in the role of a professor attending a conference in Berlin who has a serious accident, awakes from a four-day coma, and discovers that everyone--including his wife--denies his existence. Diane Kruger (of \\"Inglourious Basterds\\" fame) is ethereally beautiful as the cab driver who helps Neeson recover his identity.<br /><br />Without getting into plot details, \\"Unknown\\" resembles a mashup of \\"The Bourne Identity,\\" Polanski's \\"Frantic,\\" \\"Total Recall\\" and the short-lived TV series \\"Nowhere Man.\\" As Neeson's ice-princess wife, January Jones has a function in the plot and fills it competently. The same might be said for Aidan Quinn and Frank Langella in their roles, though they do it with more authority than Jones. The great Bruno Ganz, playing an ex-Stasi agent turned private eye, steals every scene he's in, and various big names from German cinema wander through the movie, including Karl Markovits of \\"The Counterfeiters\\" and Sebastian Koch of \\"The Lives of Others.\\" The story of \\"Unknown\\" is bits and pieces of things we've seen before, but it offers enough red herrings, mysterious characters, murderous assassins, car chases and explosions to keep you thoroughly entertained. It's a minor thriller, but a nifty one.
B004HGBUVG|3.0|I do have all her albums.  This one is okay; some strong songs, 30% pretty lazy.  From way back like twenty years I've been listening to Lucinda.  My taste:  I prefer the less produced sound.  For instance, \\"Car Wheels\\" is a great album, but if you search around on the web you can probably download the much less-produced earlier tracks (by Steve Earle/Twangtrust, I believe), which are in my opinion vastly superior and straighter, grittier.  Which is one way to say that I think the kitchen table versions of the songs are preferable to some of the candy of the \\"album\\" versions. That's me.  In both cases, Lucinda's voice sounds simply terrible, and I mean that as a compliment, but it works better on the rawer, \\"kitchen\\" versions.  Given that voice, I think it would be so fascinating to have some happier lyrics.  As it is, her voice and the lyrics are so close in tone that there's little contrast or surprise.  And so things can begin to drone.  \\"Lucinda Williams\\" and even \\"Happy Woman Blues\\" would provide suggestions?
B000ZM1MG4|5.0|If you need a good laugh with top notch actors add this movie to your collection. Funny, professional actors bring this comedy to life each and every time you plug it into your DVD player. Never grows old!
B004DI7HZ6|3.0|Overall I enjoyed the concept of the novel. But---one of my pet peeves while reading is when an author repeats something over and over and over.  Ok I get it Michael Clairmont is a dark and chisled gorgeous vampire. Of course he is but I dont need to read it every other paragraph. I also thought that the whole romance part of the book was boring and drawn out.  Its obvious from the beginning that they are going to develop a romance.  I dont care if I wanted to read that stuff I'd have every gothic romance downloaded on my Kindle.    Personally I thought there would be more history and intrique about finding the enchanted manuscript and how Diana with her limited abilities as a witch was going to deal with it.
0756404738|5.0|The Wise Man's Fear was just as good as TNOTW if not better! The adventures and characters during Kvothe's travels were all highly entertaining. Kvothe's time with Felurian in the Fae relm is my favorite adventure of the book. I'm already looking forward to the next installment. I highly reccomend this book to anyone!    Question/Possible Spoilers:    The Name Of The Wind was incorporated into the story of the first book as Kvothe searches for the winds name, but I'm having trouble with book 2. How is The Wise Man's Fear incorporated? Thoughts?    Also, did anyone catch Meulan is Kvothe's aunt? In TNOTW Kvothe tells us his mom came from nobility and ran away with his Father. And in TWMF Meulan tells us she hates the edna ruh because her sister ran away with them. This relation would also explain why Kvothe recognizes her profile but cant draw it from his memory. This also means he seduces his aunt in a way with his songs and letters to her as request from the Maer.      Also, Lackless, Luckless, Joyless. That heirloom. Could it be the piece of the names moon? And if Kvothe and Meulan are related and Meulan is from the same line as Jax so is Kvothe??
B000G8NY4U|5.0|The Dvd Yanni Live- The concert Event arrived within a weeks time. It was in perfect condition,  and im very happy witht he results as it was receaved. I waited all week for it to arive  and was very excited, If your a true yanni fan you will enjoy this till your hearts contint :)
B00007KQA3|5.0|\\"WAR IS PEACE - FREEDOM IS SLAVERY - IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH. \\"War is not meant to be contained - it is meant to be continuous.\\"  A population under total control via the perpetuity of war.  All the whens, wheres, and hows are seen and controlled.  \\"Thought crime is so insidious!\\" Excellent movie adaptation of George Orwell's masterpiece.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|My husband loved this movie and he is not one to go to movies.  He just suffers through one occasionally for me.  He ended out enjoying this one however and so did I!
0446691437|5.0|Although this book is marketed as a guide for writers, it is a great tool for anyone looking to get out of their own way and do something.    He deifies lack of productivity as \\"Resistance\\" in the first few chapters.  The remainder of the book is a sort of hymnal to be used to overcome Resistance.    As a sculptor, writer, photographer and martial artist, I frequently find this book helpful to increase my productivity.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|The other reviews will give you enough about the storyline. I'd like to talk about the themes of this story, as well as the framing craftwork. Harkness has given us a novel that is an answer to what many of us are crying for...those of us who have blown through Twilight, Anita Blake, and Sookie Stackhouse and are left feeling like we've feasted on a diet of fast food: a thinking person's vampire romance.<br /><br />Some of the reviews say that they think nothing ever happens, or that the writing is slow. I suggest that it's quite the opposite: lots of things happen, but it helps if you are well-read and have retained some of what you learned in your college history courses. I found this book to be rich in meaning as well as emotion. Diana and Matthew are every bit as pre-destined as Bella and Edward, or Sookie and Eric (so far as we know) but they also have their lives and interests that are separate from one another. They are each established as outstanding experts in their own fields before they ever meet one another. This allows Harkness to bring a rich character background to each of the characters. Additionally, sex is in a different realm in this novel. Matthew and Diana burn for one another, make no mistake...but Harkness addresses their passion in a mature fashion, rather than allowing the text to devolve into the borderline erotic/porn that Laurell Hamilton dishes up in spades these days in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series, and that Charlaine Harris does in the Sookie books (albeit with a bit of GRIT modesty). I found it refreshing.<br /><br />Also, Harkness dares to bring themes other than star-crossed love into her book. Racism? Bigotry? Absolutely. The tensions between \\"creatures\\" and the need to keep identities secret from humans bring these issues to the fore. I thought it a unique lens with which to view many of the issues in our own society...interracial marriage, dogma vs. humanism, and tolerance for diversity. This book is more than sucking blood and bumping uglies. It's definitely for people that want more from their literary diversions.uglies. It's definitely for people that want more from their literary diversions.
0736092269|5.0|If you want to see anatomy charts for individual exercises, then this is the book for you!  There is so much information to consume in this book. Get it and you won't be disappointed.
B003Q6D1YW|1.0|The trailer made it seem to have a great end twist. I was hoping for a death, some running, and possibly some screaming... tears... etc. No, none of that. Totally predictable with that in mind.... don't watch. It's slow and boring, and not even worth 1 star. It was in select theaters for a reason...
B004HAG40O|4.0|The Decemberists could very well be one of the most notable bands to come out of Oregon. From their beginnings on an indie record label, to signing with major label Capitol Records and angering all their hipster followers, to the recent release of their sixth full-length album \\"The King Is Dead,\\" The Decemberists have been representing Oregonians well.<br /><br />The last time we heard from these folk rockers was in 2009, with their epic and sometimes overwhelming \\"The Hazards of Love\\" (which was No. 6 on Wired Oregon's list for \\"Best Albums of 2009\\"). With that album, Colin Meloy and company created an album that was unique and exquisite, to be sure, but also one that sometimes felt as though The Decemberists had bitten off more than they could chew. Meloy said himself, \\"Doing this album took a lot out of me, and I'm definitely curious what will come out now that I've gotten it out of my system.\\" That being said, \\"The King Is Dead\\" almost feels like it was made by a different band.<br /><br />Rather than take the same approach they did with \\"The Hazards of Love,\\" The Decemberists seem to have gone in the exact opposite direction with their new album. Right away, it's apparent that \\"The King is Dead\\" is more accessible than previous Decemberists albums. \\"Hazards was actually a bit self-destructive,\\" Meloy says. \\"We knew people might have a hard time getting into it.\\" The result is a more rootsey Americana set of 10 succinct compositions, some of which feature use of harmonicas, fiddles and, on seven of the 10 tracks, folk/bluegrass singer Gillian Welch. Her vocal style coupled with Meloy's really helped cement the folk/ country feel of this record. It reminded me of the pairing of Robert Plant and Allison Krauss for their 2007 album \\"Raising Sand.\\"<br /><br />To record \\"The King Is Dead\\" the band ventured to Happy Valley -- just outside Portland -- to the 80-acre Pendarvis Farm, which hosts the annual Pickathon Music Festival. There, The Decemberists recorded the entire album in a barn. Their goal was to capture the vibe of their environment, and they have definitely succeeded. This album would be the perfect soundtrack for a cross-country trip across the southern United States.<br /><br />My complaints with this album are few. At times, Meloy's voice can get grating. However, originality outweighs annoyance in his case. It is far better to have a singer with a distinguishable voice than to have one who gets lost in a sea of forgettable voices.<br /><br />The only other thing that could use tweaking is the twangy guitar on the song \\"This Is Why We Fight.\\" It plays almost all throughout and needs to be extracted from the song. With that, it would be perfect. The sound most definitely contributes to the country vibe, but it also makes the song a bit too busy.<br /><br />\\"This Is Why We Fight\\" is also the longest song on the album, clocking in at 5 minutes, 30 seconds. This is not a drastic change in tactics, but is certainly a more noticeable shift from albums like \\"The Crane Wife,\\" which had two songs clocking in at more than 11 minutes each.<br /><br />The first song on \\"The King is Dead\\" -- \\"Don't Carry It All\\" -- opens with the line \\"Here we come to a turning of the season,\\" which is a bit foreshadowing to album's change in style. It is a heartfelt song that continues to demonstrate Meloy's skill as a wordsmith. Who else could weave the word \\"trillium\\" into a song and make it work?<br />Other highlights from the album include the odes to two months of the year, \\"January Hymn\\" and \\"June Hymn.\\" Although they appear at different spots on the track list, they lead into and feed off of one another. They are the perfect soundtracks to the two months, and take contemplative looks at what it is like living in our fair state.<br />Meloy said that R.E.M. was a huge inspiration for the sound of this album, and their guitarist, Peter Buck, shows up on three of the 10 tracks. A couple of the songs definitely borrow from R.E.M.'s sound, something Meloy said was intentional. \\"A few things, like `Down By the Water' and `Calamity Song' were out-ant-out homages to R.E.M.,\\" he said.<br /><br />This album is a huge testament to The Decemberists' skill. It is an example of how they can try their hand at multiple styles of music and have the same measure of success. Meloy said it best: \\"It's a real challenge to make simple music, and a lot of times we had to deliberately hold off and keep more space. This record is an exercise in restraint.\\"y the Water' and `Calamity Song' were out-ant-out homages to R.E.M.,\\" he said.    This album is a huge testament to The Decemberists' skill. It is an example of how they can try their hand at multiple styles of music and have the same measure of success. Meloy said it best: \\"It's a real challenge to make simple music, and a lot of times we had to deliberately hold off and keep more space. This record is an exercise in restraint.\\"
0756404738|5.0|Probably one of the best books I have read. Seriously. I just loved every single page of it. Treasured each page and towards the end, sad that I cannot read more. I really enjoyed the first book and when this one came out a few weeks later, I picked up right where I left off. Now I am sad that I might have to wait 4 years to read the next one.    BTW, I thought the Kindle price was too high.
B000FVNX2Q|5.0|Going car shopping? You NEED this calculator and here's why...  You've talked to the salesperson and picked out your options etc. and you have been handed over to the Manager/Financial person to haggle over the price and sign the papers.  That person HAS this calculator! They pull it out from their cheap polyester jacket and announce with some \\"authority\\" the terms and price. Are you intimidated? NO! You pull out your calculator and shake your head at the salesperson. Then ask them for a piece of paper/pad and a pencil. Now here's the part when you save hundreds or a thousand dollars. Put what you want to pay for the car into the display on the calculator! Say \\"Gee, I get a different amount\\". [This throws the other person off guard and you, psychologically, move into control.] The sales person will get nervous and ask what did you get? [He/she is assuming you've used a formula inherent in the financial calculator. Make sure they only see the back of the calculator] Start writing numbers on the paper/pad, hem and haw, erase etc. Press buttons on the calculator etc.  \\"Let me try again\\" you say. Then continue to scribble on the paper, shake your head, sigh loudly etc. Do this for 10 minutes. See the finance guy sweat. [This is FUN!]. Finally announce \\"This is what I'll pay\\" and show him the display. [Don't say \\"This is what I can afford\\" - that will leave you open to further ?s. and BS]Then don't say anything! If you have to answer a question just repeat \\"This is what I'll pay\\" and show him/her the display on the calculator. Don't say anything.
B003UESJF6|5.0|2D vs. 3D vs. # of disks are minutiae compared to the quality of the movie per the following:  (1.) For all animations the choice of voicing actors is one of the most important decisions and they nailed this one perfectly. Great subtlety, great humor, great emotional expression, great teamwork and great improv.   (2.) Intricate graphics from detailed characters with their fabulous expressions with each strand of hair flowing in the wind to the back ground scenes.   (3.) Creative storytelling and script with subtle humor that twists & turns to keep you guessing throughout the story.  (4.) Finally, it's a challenge to tell a story that is appealing to all ages - spot on. Dreamworks - to you for your many years of hard work and creative thought in animation.
B002ZG9774|5.0|This DVD does not come with a Digital Copy.  Mine didn't.  Other than that it's a great movie.  Cher needs to make more musicals.
0761158464|5.0|The kids just love these Scanimation books.  I like to keep a few around for Birthday parties that come up.  Haven't met a boy yet that didn't like this Star wars book!
B003EV6DBW|5.0|After years of questionable management and storytelling techniques by Russel T. Davies, Stephen Moffat gives the Doctor Who series the best series since Christopher Eccleston's outing. This is meant with no disrespect to David Tennant. His performance was incredible, but the RTD stories - sans \\"Midnight\\" - were painfully sitting below fanfic quality.<br /><br />Matt Smith gives a performance that proves he can handle the role from the first episode (which was also a great jumping on point) to the last. Within moments he can perfectly switch between comedy and drama without missing a beat, and this is important with a character that while being consistent appears more childish than the children in the scenes while coming off as more adult than the most serious of adults. Karen Gillian also adds to the show as a Companion who adds a degree of 'normal' perspective while not being a blank slate character. The two play off of each other perfectly, and when the main cast shifts a third of the way through the series, the new dynamics makes things refreshing rather than mucking up a good thing.<br /><br />There are weak points to the show and discs. First off... I wish I could hit \\"Play All\\" and get the extra episodes that were made after-the-fact that take place between the episodes. Instead, you have to go into the special extras or the scene selection to get to them. Bad UI on that detail.<br /><br />Secondly, there are weaker stories. \\"Victory of the Daleks\\" was weak and felt as if it was written with the RTD era in mind. The cheese got too thick with space fighter planes (my mind keeps going to the alt ending of ID4) and bombs deactivated by happy thoughts. *ugh*<br /><br />The Weeping Angels two-parter was fantastic with only a few missteps. (We should NEVER see the angels move, dammit!) And only at the end of the series do you realize that the full arc of the series was well buried into the plot... sometimes without you noticing it. Spoiler hint. Specifically, you know how in most movies/tv shows when someone time travels back into a scene you've already watched episodes before, and the interactions feel shoe-horned in? Not this time. The time travel effects were there from the get-go... you just didn't notice it. That is a sign of great writing, something this series has been missing for its arcs since the revival.<br /><br />I could go on episode by episode, but I would go on forever. This is a fantastic series and the storylines don't completely conclude. We hit a great climax, and there is more to the arc to come. I highly recommend this set.hen someone time travels back into a scene you've already watched episodes before, and the interactions feel shoe-horned in? Not this time. The time travel effects were there from the get-go... you just didn't notice it. That is a sign of great writing, something this series has been missing for its arcs since the revival.    I could go on episode by episode, but I would go on forever. This is a fantastic series and the storylines don't completely conclude. We hit a great climax, and there is more to the arc to come. I highly recommend this set.
B004M3H17Q|4.0|This album has a great feel to it, Has honest vocals and good electronic beats. I want a bit more variance in style, where I feel the production becomes a bit monotonous. I think people who like this would definitely like the group Dropa, very similar style and influences. Great release and awesome textures and movements.
B004AHNIGM|5.0|Wonderful - if you like blues, bluegrass and just beautiful music - you will enjoy this.  Great to hear Gregg's voice again!
B000002UR7|5.0|I admit Radiohead have changed their style over the years, but how can you not like this album? Pablo Honey is awesome and more energetic than other albums. Pablo Honey includes more guitar riffs and fast-paced songs. I welcome the variety, and no; I'm not just saying that because it's Radiohead.<br />If I had never heard Pablo Honey and had based my opinions off of reviews, I would have avoided this album. But I am glad I bought it. Don't be so quick to dismiss the earlier years of Radiohead.
0375842209|5.0|What an amazing read! I found the first 30 pages a bit weird, since the book is narrated by death, but once the book becomes solely about the adopted daughter of a german family during WW2, living in Germany, I couldn't put it down.<br /><br />The author had researched the underlying subject matter thoroughly and wrote a realistic impression of WWII.<br /><br />A highly recommended read!
0756404738|3.0|Loved Name of the Wind, couldn't wait to get the sequel in my hands.  Then I struggled to finish it.  Just too long, with not enough happening.  At the end of the book, he is still at the University?  We are no closer to finding out the mysteries of the past.  All we are given is more mysteries to solve.   Very disappointed.  I will read the next book in the series based on the strength of the first novel.  The Wise Man's Fear would have been better at half the length with some of the meandering left out.
B000G8NXYG|5.0|I own and have watched the previous Criterion DVD of Seven Samurai about half a dozen times. I always wished for better image and audio quality, something closer to the quality of restorations you see from Japanese films in the late '50s and '60s. I also felt that some of the subtitles were awkward and could have been better translated.     This newest release is as close to perfection as possible. The video quality is unbelievable - it really adds to the emotional depth of the characters during the close-ups (e.g. the tears in Kikuchiyo's eyes when he is reprimanding the samurai class for turning peasants into monsters). The very wet final battle is also much clearer and easier to comprehend.     The subtitles have definitely improved, though one change that I didn't like was the replacement of the zodiac year in Kikuchiyo's scroll with a Gregorian year. It made the scene less believable, particularly the delayed realization of the other samurai that he would only be 13 years old. Other than that minor annoyance, the subtitles were fine - although now I have the issue of relearning my favorite lines from the film. :)
1440503257|5.0|This was the first book I purchased for my Kindle. It reads just like a \\"regular\\" book. There are no pictures, but the descriptions make up for that. Just be sure to read the recipe before you start making it so you'll understand what needs to be done.<br />The recipes are very good and I appreciated the fact that the author explains each one, especially for those of us who are unfamiliar with British cooking terms/ingredients. Some of the recipes have \\"adult\\" variations that contain alcohol (like fruitcake)to add if you like.<br /><br />My son and I have had a blast with these recipes, especially the ice creams and the pumpkin pasties.
B0009J8FFE|5.0|Can's Tago Mago. Seminal. Groundbreaking. Boundary-shattering. Five (5) stars? Absolutely.  But... it's almost 40(!) bucks...   Whats wrong with this picture?? Who do I slap???!  Why are we music buyers repeatedly robbed by these money-grubbing human slime?     Traditionally, rare & obscure gems in our collective musical past are very expensive for the collector. At this point in our technological advance, however (not to mention the decay of the industry's profits in the last two decades), we must Demand the digitization, remastering, & extensive restoration of our favorite artists' oeuvre in a Low Cost Package. There is No viable excuse for this title & other such 'rarities' to continue to be held back from low cost editions & restorations in order to keep issues rare & prices high. This is an Abomination, and an Insult to all customers. They are gouging us. Don't buy this! I would strongly suggest searching this and other websites that sell used items, taking your time and wait for a steal... You'll save money & Dignity!
1603580557|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo2EE1JAAZ3I14W]]Incredibly easy to understand, comprehensive summary of systems theory. The world looks very different after reading this book, and can help anyone who is looking to create or change systems.
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|Loving this movie.  This is the classic Disney.  I was starting to think those days were over.  The beautiful hand drawn animation, but more importantly, the attention to detail.  Classic Disney animal characters and magic are all here.  Lovely music, wtg Ne-Yo for \\"Never Knew I Needed.\\"  what a gorgeous ballad!    And finally a character that represents an entire segment of children in America previously ignored!  Can't wait to see the new Disney princess at Disney World
B003ZTQN1I|5.0|I never received this purchase.....I did receive the book Emotional   Intelligence. Did not receive Country Strong. Could you let me know?  Leslie lasher   I put the \\"I love it\\" review because i did when a saw it in the theatre.  I could not send this message without a review!
B003UESJFG|5.0|Finally a kids movie that I enjoyed as much as any movie geared for adults.  Tongue in cheek humor.  And my favorite tool is now the forget me stick!
B004529NLG|5.0|I've just bought this movie, and it's awesome! this combo is even better! You get a 3D blue-ray disc,a regular blue-ray disc, a DVD disc and the better, a digital copy for your iPhone!
B000I0QM0E|3.0|Excellent movie very well done by Tim Burton, Johnny Dep and the other actors were also excellent. The review is for the quality of the transfer onto blu ray. If you buy this movie be ready to see alot of grain. I was dissapointed that the studios did not do a better job of cleaning up the transfer of this movie to high def. The sound is excellent as for the picture you will be disapointed if your looking for high def sharpness you will be disapointed also. This movie had some scenes of good cinematography that just had too much grain. I must say I thought I was watching an upscaled dvd of the movie. Shame on the studios to release this movie in this condition. Thats the only reason this movie was given 3 stars. Hopefully the studio will do a better rerelease of the movie with a cleaned up transfer. This movie did not deserve to be released in this condition. If you have this movie on dvd just wait until a better version is released onto blu ray.
B002LE8EFQ|4.0|I believe this was Susan Boyle's first professionl album. Her voice is beautifully trained and strong, just as others have said. My only regret is that we may never again hear the heart, soul, and passion that shined through when she sang \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\" on Britain's Got Talent. She's very talented, but really just another voice in an industry filled with beautiful voices; as for me, I'll take her original rendition, warts and all.
B003UESJJC|5.0|I don't think anyone who is reading this is looking for a review on the movie. I am sure you all know this is one of the greatest films ever made.  The blu-ray is awsome. Some really great extras - I really liked the Dolby stuff. A must for any lover of great sound. Ray Dolby himself explaining the sound and how they made surround sound and then 5.1 , 7.1 sound. I could go on but you should be about to press the 'Add to cart' button by now.  The discs are region free ( Well it works in Australia and we are region 2) So don't worry if you are ordering from other regions.  I paid about $44 Australian Dollars for 3 blu-rays delivered. UNBELIEVABLE VALUE!!! Oh, and it arrived almost a month before it was due.  I got it from \\"DeepDiscount\\" ( no,they did not pay me for the review ) ;-)    If you are from Australia this is by far the cheapest and easiest way to get it as it has not been released here yet. 3 blu-rays for under $50 delivered.Sweet!
B001OQCV2E|1.0|I finally got around to watching this stinker, and yes it is a stinker. The special effects are excellent but that's it for the compliments.    The script is bad, the dialogue banal, the acting talent wasted. The only point of this movie is to watch the special effects devastation. In between that devastation are some of the most boring or ridiculous scenes in all of moviedom.     Others have explained the problems with this movie in far greater detail than I am willing to exert, but I will explain my biggest complaint. They went to great expense to make the catastrophe scenes visually realistic, which certainly could have been interesting. But at the same time they are doing that, they are unloading some of the stupidest action sequences. While you watch the realistic earthquake scenes and are almost being pulled into the movie, they jerk you right back out, for example, by having a motor home jump a crater. The sheer stupidity of the action scenes takes away any pretense of realism.     And one observation- massive earth movements do not and cannot all result in huge yawning fissures in the earth. Some are going to simply move the earth horizontally with no fissures and others are going to result in elevations in the earth (have these folks heard of mountains?) But every time they want to put someone in danger, here comes another fissure. That got old.    And weren't they aware that it actually is dangerous to fly through ash clouds?
B00005N6KG|5.0|I am a new I Pod user and struggled with the ear pieces while jogging. This head set solved all my issues at a great price. The over the head hoop holds things steady and the sound is great!
B000O8OTNC|4.0|It is a great little sharpener but you must be careful.  It is a small sharpener and I almost lost a finger trying to sharpen my knife but once you get the hang of it it works great!!!
B0041YSBKC|5.0|This year was a big year for Killer's fans.  While the Killers decided to go on break lead singer Brandon Flowers recorded a solo album called Flamingo in early September.  The Killers are my favorite band and I was excited to hear any new material even if it was only from one of its members.  I followed the release very closely finding live versions of many of the songs before the official release.  Having a good idea of the main concept of the album I had a good feeling about things to come.      The album drops and to my surprise it was awesome.  In terms of how it sounds compared to the Killers it is missing that stadium rocking sound however, the sound and meaning is still present.  There are a few songs that sound straight from a Killers album such as Crossfire and Jilted Lovers and Broken Hearts.  Flowers is responsible for most of the song writing for the Killers anyway so there isn't much of a leap in his solo work.  The appeal of the album for me is the lyrics and music produced by Flowers.  While many of the songs start off soft and low, they usually build up to a more energetic climax near the end.  One in particular, Playing with Fire, is fitting used for Flower's closing song in live performance.  A majority of the songs replace that Killers guitar sound with synths and acoustics, but the songs themselves could easily be adapted into the Killer's repertoire.  The is also one song that I have to commend for its amazing lyrics.  The track entitled Magdalena is a song written by Flowers inspired by a religious pilgrimage in Mexico.  If you can a chance I urge you to give the song a listen, and more importantly look up the lyrics.  The lyrics are truly dynamic, and if read without music it would sound like something out of a novel.  In addition to the 10 tracks the deluxe version of the album contains four bonus songs.  The two stand outs are The Clock was Tickin and Right Behind You.  The Clock was Tickin is actually the original version of another trackon the album called Was it Something I Said or Did.   Listening to those two tracks side by side is pretty interesting.  Right Behind You has become one of my favorites on the album which is why I included it at the bottom of this post.   That track has a more genuine Killer's sound to it, almost as if it could have been released on Hot Fuss their debut album.    Anyway let me get on to the live performance part of this review.  I have seen Brandon Flowers live twice now.  And I feel it is safe to say that his performances are awesome.  I had first seen him play at Highline Ballroom in Manhattan.  This was actually before the albums release, which was a little weird because no one knew the lyrics to most of the songs, except for the people like me who studied the YouTube live videos beforehand.  The concert was relatively short. especially since there was no opening act.  However, he ended the night of nicely with an acoustic version of When You Were Young.  After the show I actually got to meet the two female background singers and snagged a picture with them.  The highlight of the night, for me at least, was when I got to meet Brandon Flowers and get his autograph.  I never thought I would ever get to meet him, or even be within ten feet of him for that matter.      About a week ago I went to see him at another performance in Manhattan this time at Hammerstein Ballroom.  I had a much bigger crew with me the second time around I an was anxious to see what the \\"newcomers\\" thought about the performance.  Now I will admit that I am extremely biased when it comes to anything that has to do with the Killers, but I feel confident in saying that anyone would have enjoyed that concert.  The guy played great music and he fun to watch on stage.  This second concert was much longer than the first.  It included almost all of the material from his album.  The highlight of the night was an encore performance of a medley of Read My Mind and Only the Young which then led into Mr .Brightside.  Overall the concert was one of the best that I have ever been to, and it only got better when we got some Halal food after the show.    Let me get to the point here because I am getting distracted from watching Dexter.  I am not sure how I will be rating albums on here.  So at this point let me keep it simple and say that Flamingo is definitely worth listening to.  As for the concerts if Flowers ever comes back to New York I highly recommend going to see him live.      Check out more reviews at [...]
B001BTZVEE|5.0|This is an exceptional movie portraying real-life atrocities.  Not the usual Owen Wilson fare, he was actually quite impressive.  Gene Hackman was incredible as always.
B0042HQBQ4|5.0|This year was a big year for Killer's fans.  While the Killers decided to go on break lead singer Brandon Flowers recorded a solo album called Flamingo in early September.  The Killers are my favorite band and I was excited to hear any new material even if it was only from one of its members.  I followed the release very closely finding live versions of many of the songs before the official release.  Having a good idea of the main concept of the album I had a good feeling about things to come.      The album drops and to my surprise it was awesome.  In terms of how it sounds compared to the Killers it is missing that stadium rocking sound however, the sound and meaning is still present.  There are a few songs that sound straight from a Killers album such as Crossfire and Jilted Lovers and Broken Hearts.  Flowers is responsible for most of the song writing for the Killers anyway so there isn't much of a leap in his solo work.  The appeal of the album for me is the lyrics and music produced by Flowers.  While many of the songs start off soft and low, they usually build up to a more energetic climax near the end.  One in particular, Playing with Fire, is fitting used for Flower's closing song in live performance.  A majority of the songs replace that Killers guitar sound with synths and acoustics, but the songs themselves could easily be adapted into the Killer's repertoire.  The is also one song that I have to commend for its amazing lyrics.  The track entitled Magdalena is a song written by Flowers inspired by a religious pilgrimage in Mexico.  If you can a chance I urge you to give the song a listen, and more importantly look up the lyrics.  The lyrics are truly dynamic, and if read without music it would sound like something out of a novel.  In addition to the 10 tracks the deluxe version of the album contains four bonus songs.  The two stand outs are The Clock was Tickin and Right Behind You.  The Clock was Tickin is actually the original version of another trackon the album called Was it Something I Said or Did.   Listening to those two tracks side by side is pretty interesting.  Right Behind You has become one of my favorites on the album which is why I included it at the bottom of this post.   That track has a more genuine Killer's sound to it, almost as if it could have been released on Hot Fuss their debut album.    Anyway let me get on to the live performance part of this review.  I have seen Brandon Flowers live twice now.  And I feel it is safe to say that his performances are awesome.  I had first seen him play at Highline Ballroom in Manhattan.  This was actually before the albums release, which was a little weird because no one knew the lyrics to most of the songs, except for the people like me who studied the YouTube live videos beforehand.  The concert was relatively short. especially since there was no opening act.  However, he ended the night of nicely with an acoustic version of When You Were Young.  After the show I actually got to meet the two female background singers and snagged a picture with them.  The highlight of the night, for me at least, was when I got to meet Brandon Flowers and get his autograph.  I never thought I would ever get to meet him, or even be within ten feet of him for that matter.      About a week ago I went to see him at another performance in Manhattan this time at Hammerstein Ballroom.  I had a much bigger crew with me the second time around I an was anxious to see what the \\"newcomers\\" thought about the performance.  Now I will admit that I am extremely biased when it comes to anything that has to do with the Killers, but I feel confident in saying that anyone would have enjoyed that concert.  The guy played great music and he fun to watch on stage.  This second concert was much longer than the first.  It included almost all of the material from his album.  The highlight of the night was an encore performance of a medley of Read My Mind and Only the Young which then led into Mr .Brightside.  Overall the concert was one of the best that I have ever been to, and it only got better when we got some Halal food after the show.    Let me get to the point here because I am getting distracted from watching Dexter.  I am not sure how I will be rating albums on here.  So at this point let me keep it simple and say that Flamingo is definitely worth listening to.  As for the concerts if Flowers ever comes back to New York I highly recommend going to see him live.      Check out more reviews at [...]
B003ZZTWDS|5.0|The seller was very diligent, contacted me when the product got delayed and arrived in the exact conditions she described.
B002FU74Q6|5.0|As are many of the econ books Ive read, this one continues to explain in straight forward language why capitalism works and socialism or obamalism doesnt.
B004089HZ2|5.0|This book spoke to me. I am a smoker, and I do not condone it to ANYONE, knowing how bad it is for you. this book does not condone smoking either, rather it is a satirical commentary on how ridiculous it is that people attack everything. The truth is, most smokers know how bad it is for you, just as most thrill-seekers know the risk of them dying in a terrible accident. Personally, I don't care. So, before anyone denounces this book as a book advocating death (I told someone I was reading it and they called it that), read the book. See for yourself its true purpose. I loved it.
B003Q6D25K|1.0|You don't need to have studied cinema in order to know that this sequel will not work. I've watched it cause curioisity got the best of me and i still wanted to give the creators a chance. What if this sequel (or prequel) was original?     But no. I was scared right out of my mind with the first opus. In a fun kind of way, of course. But this second part didn't scare me at all. No trouble sleeping here. here's why, i think:    A sequel usually means \\"bigger\\", \\"badder\\" and \\"More\\". If the ghosts take time to reveal themselves in the first part, well they need to show themselves sooner in the sequel. Everything needs to be sooner and bigger. You can't recreate the same exact pattern or else, what is the point? The problem with \\"Paranormal Activity 2\\" is that the first film was good BECAUSE it took its time to reveal its scary \\"stuff\\". Whereas the first one dealt with events that \\"could\\" happen (except the conclusion, of course), this one is going for the big scare right in the middle with incredible things that took me out of it by saying: \\"C'mon!\\". Yes, the first one had also certain phenomenons that seemed a bit exagerated but they came more toward the end. You were already scared-stiff when they happened.    Plus, in this sequel, you have your normal clichs (the non-english speaking maid that knows what's going on, the strong father that will not believe, etc) and you also have your incomprehensible reactions which make you go: \\"Why, oh why?\\".     Warning: Spolier ahead.     For example, why wouldn't the wife tell her husband what happened in the kitchen? She's been looking for ways to convince him and now that she has the best proof, she shuts down. And she's not possessed yet. Why would the daughter and the father stay in the house, sleep in it and let the baby alone in its craddle when they now know (and seen on the cameras) the incredible and menacing actions of the presence, especially toward the baby? I mean, the father even battled with the ghost or the demon and he even had to get his baby out of the pitch-black basement! But what do you know? They all sleep tight like nothing happened. With the baby in the craddle! You kind of wish that they die at that point for being so stupid.    The fact that they wanted to make it a prequel and the fact that you see the protagonists of the first movie is kind of fun but again, the reason that the new protagonists give to each other in order to not warn the original couples is lame. It feels like a cheap and easy way to tie the two movies together. Like if the screenplay writers went with the easiest reason.     Anyhow, in my humble opinion, the first one is a classic. Buy this one instead. It's up there along with \\"The Blair Witch Project\\". \\"Paranormal Activity 2\\", without being a total disaster, is not helping itself with clichs and uncomprehensible reactions on the part of the characters. But most importantly, it was doomed right from the start.
B001UDYI9K|5.0|He estado siempre conectado a lo que ha sido la evolucin de APP primero, de AP y su banda despus. Sin embargo, siempre ha sido ms difcil seguir a Eric Woolfson, quien todo seguidor de APP sabe muy bien lo que signific para el emprendimiento.  Este disco, adems de descubrirnos ms joyas del talento de este escocs, proyecta luces sobre lo que ha sido la historia oficial de APP. Reafirma la calidad como escritor e intrprete, su sensibilidad como artista, haciendo llegar muchas sensaciones que hacen que uno confirme que la msica es el alimento del alma.  Primero me enter de la existencia del disco, despus del fallecimiento de Eric, a ms de un ao de producido. Es increble que despus de tantos aos de silencio con respecto a APP, justo poco antes de morir realice un trabajo como este, con comentarios muy jugosos, al menos para los que hemos intentado seguir conectados con estos productores de msica.  Es un disco que no tiene desperdicios y que para nada defrauda a los que siempre hemos admirado el talento de Woolfson. Particularmente me gustaron los tracks 3 (Rumour going'round), 4 (Any other day), 8 (Somewhere in the audience), 9 (train to wuxi) y 10 (Immortal). Respecto de esta ltima, prefiero esta versin de Woolfson a la de Steve Blsamo, ms all de reconocerle una voz espectacular. Como dice el mismo Eric, es muy interesante escuchar al propio creador interpretar su trabajo.  Los fanticos podemos darnos el gusto de volver a escuchar a Ian Bairnson y su guitarra en alguna cancin...y el propio Woolfson aclara que el hecho de que la gente lo haya solicitado tanto en el sitio de APP es lo que lo decidi.   Creo que despus de tantos aos de silencio, habiendo Eric Woolfson dejado de existir, este disco cumple varias funciones: desempolvar trabajos olvidados o no registrados, deleitarnos nuevamente con su talento y cerrar un episodio de separacin de caminos que a todos los que nos gustaba el Project siempre nos dej gustoamargo.  Es un \\"imperdible\\" para todo fan de APP y un excelente disco para aquel que gusta de la buena msica.  Muy buena la presentacin del disco en cuanto a lo explicativo del trabajo, al detalle de cada una de las canciones, explicando su gnesis y/o haciendo una composicin de lugar y con algunas fotos de Woolfson que estn muy bien logradas.  Un disco excelente desde todo punto de vista.  Slo discrepo con Eric en una cosa: l dice que slo la familia y amigos allegados saben de su importancia para el APP...creo que somos muchos los que hemos sido concientes de que su aporte fue siempre fundamental en la creacin de la imagen y personalidad propias del Project. Siempre fue as y siempre lamentamos la separacin de caminos entre Alan y Eric.  He leido por ah que habra ms trabajos posibles de ser editados...si es as, que se haga!  alberto
0307272702|5.0|I've read a lot of books obesity and researched the subject on the Internet. I never saw such a detailed, yet simple explanation of obesity and what to do about it.    Gary addresses all the major obesity contributing factors while explaining how and why they impact only certain people (based on genetics):    - hormones that drive fat storage and inability to use fat stores for energy  - different types of carbs and how they are metabolized (especially fructose (more fruit, right???) and maltose)  - he gives readers proactive plan of action to combat obesity without yoyo dieting and excessive exercise.    Gary, I would like to THANK YOU for this great book and your fight against obesity epidemic.
0142429112|2.0|At first I thought the book seemed charming and I was eager to get into it.  The references to vampires and wolves and witches made me think, of course, twilight and harry potter and I was happy with that so I kept going.    As the book proceeded I began to notice that I was feeling uncomfortable with what seemed like outright theft of twilight----the crooked smile, the dazzling smile, looked like a god.....vampires, wolves, vegetarian vampires, and on and on and on.  Then she took Stephenie Meyer's vampires and tweaked them further into unreality, for example, how someone can be nearly completely drained of blood by a vampire and never turn into a vampire.    And how about all the false starts.....how Matthew's mom is supposed to hate witches and how she kills all she can yet she's only mildly grumpy with our witch and soon takes her in as part of the family.  The further I got through the book the less I liked it.  There was only one place toward the end with Matthew and Julia where I felt anything at all for any of the characters and that did not last long.    The book is devoid of emotion and full of plot holes, particularly early on.  It gives me a headache just thinking about it.
B004L3AR0K|4.0|[[ASIN:0615423477 Big Pharma's Sexy Little Secret]]     This is a females prespective of the industry--also a great read.
B003XDZLTG|5.0|I love these!  I am not a huge fan of the \\"traditional\\" Crocs.  I have narrow feet, and feel like a lot of the more traditional Crocs are too wide.  I do love the more feminine styles, and these do not disappoint!  Very comfy and feminine.  I wear a 7 and these are true-to-size.  I will probably end up putting these in the dryer for a bit; to improve the fit.  I highly recommend!!
B004M6BQ9W|4.0|Why does Christina always get such a bad rap?  Give the girl a break... she was stunning, her vocals, her dancing, the routines... beautiful and spectacular.  This is simply an escape ...fun, sensational musical numbers, gorgeous costumes, Fosse-esque dance routines, fantastic singing by Cher and Christina ...and although it's somewhat of a predictable story line, who cares.  I want to watch it again just for the song and dance routines.  Christina deserves some recognition, this little girl is truly talented!  I remember watching Doris Day movies just because they made me feel good and just because I liked to hear her sing and this is the same kind of movie... no critical achievement, no consciousness raising, nothing cerebral -- just pure entertainment.  Well done, Christina, well done!
B002ZG9774|5.0|[[ASIN:B002ZG9774 Burlesque (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy)]]My husband hates musicals but he sure loved this one! As did I! Great musical performances by both Cher and Christina Aguilera. Would prefer to hear Christina singing as she does in this film more often, rather than all that growling she's been doing of late! The song selection in this film truly reveals her extraordinary talent and gifted singing ability! Wow! What a voice she has! Thoroughly enjoyed the dancing numbers with the lovely Julianne Hough, from Dancing With the Stars, and all the extremely talented dancers. Burlesque is a very entertaining and sweet love story with an equally talented all star cast! Overall - Burlesque is a very uplifting movie.
B00005JMXX|2.0|Two stars for deceptive marketing.  Perhaps this is how 20th Century Fox frustrates people into buying the two-disc version.    This is a great movie and all that, but beware folks -- the promised extra hour or so of bonus footage is not actually on the disc.  It contains a link to a web site where you can download the bonus footage...not a task you would be looking forward to if you didn't have a high speed Internet connection.    And -- to add insult to injury, when I tried accessing the bonus footage recently (March 2011), I was presented with a message that said the web page could not be found.    Perhaps the server that the bonus footage is stored on was hit by an ice storm and did not survive....
B000J233SK|5.0|Truly a stunning album.  Her faux-mystical, faux-Celtic rhythms are both highly derivative yet manage to create a completely original sound, unlike anything else that was on the market at the time.  Highly recommended for a candle-lit bath!
B0015DROBO|4.0|After months of having this book sitting on my kindle, I finally started reading the book early last week. I'd have finished it much sooner had I had all day to spend reading--I thought it was great! The book definitely made my commute to and from work go much faster since I was so immersed in the world that the author created.<br /><br />I won't make a summary of the book--2000 reviews later, I'm sure many reviews have done the same. What I will say is that I realize that many felt that the book started off slowly. While I will not disagree, I will say that I didn't find that to be the case for me. Maybe it was because I'd heard a few people warn prospective readers about this particular fault and therefore I went in with my eyes open. But, I found all of the groundwork that was laid in the first few chapters to be necessary to the whole store. That's what it was--foundational information, and sometimes that type of information isn't always compelling, but it's necessary.<br /><br />I thought that Lisbeth and Mikael made a great team. However, I was taken aback by Lisbeth's epiphany toward the end of the book, as I didn't see this as the type of book that would explore those types of feelings. It was unexpected, but not disliked.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to reading the next book in the Millennium trilogy soon.<br /><br />Oh, and as an extra note for Kindle users: the formatting in this book is almost flawless (I found one word broken up by accident). No other formatting issues and the TOC is great and active.
006621131X|5.0|A book about a time and people that was perfectly evoked-New York in the 1960's and 70's. Couldn't put it down and didn't want it to end.
B00008S2VG|3.0|Originally I was not sure about this recording of Madonna's.  It is composed mainly of electronic drones and M's pattened guitar strums.  But it grows on the listener and is a good listen on headphones. All  and all good production and a nice effort.
B001AQR3IU|5.0|Stardust was an incredible movie that brought together the elements of love, adventure and a little pirate mayhem and witchcraft on the side.  A truly entertaining movie.
B003U0AHBO|1.0|This is yet another movie where Russel Crowe attempts to recapture glory from the likes of Gladiator.  In fact, this movie blatantly copies Gladiator, Braveheart, and even Saving Private Ryan in one scene.  His character is basically interchangeable between Gladiator and this; so IE - he is not acting, simply \\"being himself on camera\\".  The part of his movie that were actually good are the scenery, sets, and costumes.  But the plot?  Or vacuous lack thereof?  Forget it.  Crowe plays a genuinely annoying/brash/arrogant version of Robin Hood, and I'd even argue that he acts nothing like any Robin Hood ever; not Errol Flynn nor Kevin Costner.  For Russel Crowe fans only.
1439102724|4.0|Zoe and Max Baxter have struggled with infertility for years, going thousands of dollars in debt and experiencing all sorts of trauma as they undergo IVF. At long last, Zoe becomes pregnant and seems to be carrying to term when an unthinkable tragedy occurs. In the aftermath, Max decides he just cannot do this anymore; he walks away from his marriage to Zoe, leaving her alone to pick up the pieces of her life. To add insult to injury, Zoe discovers she has cancer and must undergo a hysterectomy; without her friendship with new friend Vanessa, Zoe feels certain she would not survive. As the two women grow closer, however, it becomes evident to both that their relationship is much deeper than they had realized, and while Zoe can no longer carry the frozen embryos left behind from her marriage, Vanessa can. All that is needed is Max's consent for Zoe to use the embryos.<br /><br />Max, on the other hand, finds himself struggling on his own after his divorce; a recovering alcoholic, he turns back to the bottle to cover his feelings of loss and inadequacy. When an accident causes him to re-evaluate his life, he turns to his older brother Reid and Reid's church, Eternal Glory. Eternal Glory is very conservative yet loving, and Max easily slips into its tenets and literal interpretations of the Bible. When he receives Zoe's request to use the embryos with her lesbian partner, Max just cannot feel this is God's plan and instead comes up with one of his own: he will take custody of the embryos and give them to his brother and his wife, who are also struggling iwth infertility. The court case that ensues is ugly, dragging all parties through the mud in an attempt to determine what will be the best family for the potential children.<br /><br />Picoult knows how to select a hot button issue, and once again, her writing is compelling and her characters real. Having Zoe as a music therapist gives the story a unique perspective; will her stability be better for the children despite her turn into lesbianism? Picoult explores all the common ins and outs of gay issues: Are gay people born that way? If so, how is it that Zoe has not been gay before she met Vanessa? Will the children be ostracized by having same sex parents? Are church going people better options than two loving parents, one of whom is biologically related to the embryos? What is fair? Told in alternating points of view, we get to know the inner reflections of the three main characters, making judgments of their failures all the harder.<br /><br />My biggest issue with Sing You Home is that it seems Zoe's side is all good, and Max's side, particularly the religious aspect, is all bad. Max himself is conflicted and at the mercy of his brother and his church, while Zoe only wants to work with troubled patients and be a mother. Much of the story is fairly predictable, with Max's legal team as over the top as any in today's headlines. Though we do find that Zoe and Vanessa have some skeletons in their respective closets, it still seems as though Ms. Picoult has gone out of her way to make conservative Christians seem foolish and gullible.<br /><br />Beyond my gripe written above, however, I have to say I found the pages flying by; my sympathy for both Max and Zoe tugged at my heart because I was able to see both sides of the issue. Picoult has a gift for capturing legal scenes and the drama therein; she has obviously done her research and is able to breathe life into the human spirit. I'm not sure I buy into the final twist, but it's classic Picoult. Her writing is definitely encompassing, and her ability to anger, enthrall, surprise, and even betray the reader will keep me reading her books. Sing You Home is well written and straight out of today's headlines.lesbianism? Picoult explores all the common ins and outs of gay issues: Are gay people born that way? If so, how is it that Zoe has not been gay before she met Vanessa? Will the children be ostracized by having same sex parents? Are church going people better options than two loving parents, one of whom is biologically related to the embryos? What is fair? Told in alternating points of view, we get to know the inner reflections of the three main characters, making judgments of their failures all the harder.    My biggest issue with Sing You Home is that it seems Zoe's side is all good, and Max's side, particularly the religious aspect, is all bad. Max himself is conflicted and at the mercy of his brother and his church, while Zoe only wants to work with troubled patients and be a mother. Much of the story is fairly predictable, with Max's legal team as over the top as any in today's headlines. Though we do find that Zoe and Vanessa have some skeletons in their respective closets, it still seems as though Ms. Picoult has gone out of her way to make conservative Christians seem foolish and gullible.     Beyond my gripe written above, however, I have to say I found the pages flying by; my sympathy for both Max and Zoe tugged at my heart because I was able to see both sides of the issue. Picoult has a gift for capturing legal scenes and the drama therein; she has obviously done her research and is able to breathe life into the human spirit. I'm not sure I buy into the final twist, but it's classic Picoult. Her writing is definitely encompassing, and her ability to anger, enthrall, surprise, and even betray the reader will keep me reading her books. Sing You Home is well written and straight out of today's headlines.
B003UESJH4|1.0|Great movie that I want in PG-13 version on DVD.  Pull the R rated version from the movie theaters and make a PG-13 version so families can see it together,   then release only R version on DVD makes no sense.
B0000DYJM6|1.0|I am a huge fan of Pearl Jam...this cd SUCKS...Eddie sounds like Bob Dylan...not good...They put every awful song from previous cd's. The best thing about it was the packaging...it was fun to read their personal thoughts on the songs.
B002VKE1K2|4.0|Katie with her boyfriend of 3 years, Micha move into a lovely, suburban home and shortly begin to experience some odd occurances, nothing major but odd.    Micha decides to set up some home video equipment to record what happens when they're asleep.  As the story unfolds and the occurances start to become more frequent, Katie invites a Doctor of Parapsychology into the home to get some guidance as she is convinced the occurances are supernatural.  We learn during the visit that Katie has had a history of feeling a supernatural being at her side at night that started in her childhood and came and went over the years.  Is it back?  Is this her imagination?  Burglars?  Neighborhood kids?  According to the good doctor, he senses a presence in the house and it doesn't feel human (which would be a ghost). Since demons are not his field of expertise, he recommends a collegue of his who might be able to help since he is unable to assist.    The story line here is pretty simple and so are the frights.  The frights themselves are nothing as spectacular (or as gory) as skulls, sacrificed human remains or any oozing substance - just run of the mill things like a door opening by itself or a loud noise that might have a rational explanation (or not).  On a creepiness factor, Paranormal is up there.  What separates this from Blair Witch is that there was such a sense of isolation in the woods in Blair Witch where this could be your next door neighbor's house (or yours?) but the scare factor is still there.      I actually saw Paranormal Activity 2 first and have to say I liked it better than this one.  PA 1 is not very exciting but it does what it's supposed to do - make you sleep with the lights on and making doubly sure you don't have a video camera recording while you sleep - you won't want to know what happens when you do.
1591843790|5.0|Guy! I am absolutely loving Enchantment. I believe that \\"Enchantment\\" will be the theme of the next decade and hope to see many people and organizations embrace this incredibly powerful formula you have shared with us. For those of you reading this, packed in this book is what you need to rise above the crowd and prosper in the new global economy. Enchantment has established the \\"bar\\" and those that aspire to become Enchanting brands and people will be tomorrow's leaders.<br /><br />Shane Gibson<br />Author of:<br />Guerrilla Social Media Marketing<br />& Sociable!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|My college son couldn't stop talking about this series, so I bought it and now am hooked.  I bought Serenity (the movie) based on this series.  There are no more episodes available and I can't understand why one of the TV networks didn't pick this up and run with it.
B0000CC5CS|4.0|Each of the terminator films are good in their own way. Each has plenty of action but this one throws a bit of a twist into the action and if you havent seen this one I wont spoil it for you. Personally I like this one better than the other two and that would be an excellent reason for having a sequel . So many sequels dont even begin to be as good as the original but you wont be sorry with this one.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|This was based on the Firefly series that ran only a short time. (I don't know why because it was fantastic) The movie was pretty much asked for by the fans and it doesn't disappoint.  You need to watch the Firefly series first to get all the backgrounds of the characters and then the movie will make more sense.
0670022411|5.0|Loved it!! It is not an immediate suck you in, but pretty close. And, once you're in, you can't stop thinking about it.
0802136834|5.0|I had very skimpy knowledge of Henry VIII and his wives.  I knew a little about Sir Thomas More and the battle of conscience concerning Katherine.  I also knew that Anne Boleyn was evil.  Ms Weir opened my eyes.  I learned about life in the time of Henry VIII and the court existence.  All 6 queens came alive as real people.  As in life they were complex individuals.  Also I was amazed about the goings on at Court.  It was an amazing time.      I also came away with great sympathy for Henry.  Marriage and producing heirs was crucial business.  Heny, who reminds me of Theodore Roosevelt, is presented as a man bursting with energy and ideas.  He was a force, capable of good and great evil.       I thoroughly enjoyed this book and I plan to read more about this era.
B002VECLVO|1.0|I gave up when ten minutes into the film the protagonist is shown sitting on the potty reading a thick book with soaring classical music. This was followed by endless scenes of grieving hysteria wailing, running through rain in wet shirts, etc. etc. Enough is enough.
0446693804|5.0|Bought this as a gift. It arrived quickly and still looked like new even though my box was man handled by the time it got to me. Would buy from here again
0374290024|5.0|Arguably the best book I've read to date about how we got to where we are. Lucid writing, compelling arguments - highly recommend this to anyone interested in history or current affairs.
B000001FKY|5.0|This has got to be one of the greatest albums of all times. Just about every song on it rocks. I have been a huge Def Leppard fan since their release of Pyromania, when I first learned of them. This is one of those albums that you can just listen to over and over again.
0307266303|3.0|Mr. McDougall is a gifted writer and his prose was a pleasure to read.  My only wish is that the topic was different.  If the Tarahumara Indians are indeed a reclusive and hidden peoples, he should not have written a book exposing them to all the world.  Their way of live seems near extinct and this book can't have helped matters.  I am not quite sure what we're supposed to take away from this book.  The Tarahumara have an obvious genetic disposition toward running which the rest of us don't have.  I liked the writing, the topic left me uncomfortable, and the story was very sad in places and I actually wondered about the vericity of a great deal of it.
B000001ESP|5.0|I know that many won't agree with me, but I think that this is one of the greatest albums ever produced. EVERY song on this album is great. RUSH is also one of the greatest rock bands around. Just three performers and they put out this kind of music, it's just unbelievable. They are also one of the very few bands that sound the same live on stage as they do in the studio, which I believe shows their true talent. I would put this album, and this band up against any other album or band, any day!
B003FSTN52|4.0|Were it not for the fact that certain series stand head and shoulders above the rest (eg. the Shield, Deadwood) this would almost deserve a 5 star rating. While it develops into a really compulsive show, it is not, nevertheless, in that exalted category.   This is a series that starts off as just another US attorney show with a twist, but then grows and grows as the plot thickens.   No need to go into details.  If you like lawyer based shows, well acted and plotted, this goes somewhat beyond the standard  format and becomes really absorbing. Roll on season 2.
B00198X0WW|5.0|The Mission [Blu-ray] is without a doubt one of De Niro and Irons finest on-screen accomplishments. The direction, cinematography, and performances are remarkable, especially in regard to the lack of dependence on CGI or other special effects so relied on today. Much has been said by critics, such that I will not belabor the same here. Regardless of your interest in the theme, this film is a 'must see' for any serious film devotee and a new delight in the Blu-ray format. I also appreciate the Amazon Instant Video gift version. Amazon continues to exceed all standards for rapid delivery, value, and customer service.
0062020897|3.0|The historical accuracy is top-notch. However the drama that permeates the ending is rather bland and sometimes just eye-brow raising...consider this...if you had FACTUAL evidence that would essentially win your country the war...wouldn't you at least send a transmission of your discovery? It would be like a Japanese spy refusing to warn Hiroshima and Nagasaki of their impending doom because the information is too \\"sensitive\\" to be transmitted over the radio, it just doesnt make sense.  I agree with one reviewer here on the concept that there is a plot hole so big \\"you could drive a tank through it\\".
1591843790|5.0|I just hosted a live teleseminar with Guy.Once again, his books hit the mark for business owners and leaders who have a dream, but struggle to turn their good ideas into revenue.<br /><br />Guy's three part enchantment formula is not for wimps.You must bring your most honest, authentic self to every business and social interaction. And you must be ready to take action.<br /><br />The tool and ideas in this book will not only help your live meetings sing; they will make your social media efforts SOAR.<br /><br />The countless stories, photos, and illustrations make this book fun to read and very human. On his Facebook page and website, he also offers a robust collection of online learning tools, slide shows, videos, and surveys.Guy has raised the bar for his fellow authors when it comes to providing value added reader bonuses.<br /><br />As a two time member of Guy's review \\"tribe,\\" I am honored to be part of this seminal book project.Once again, Guy is on a mission to change the world.<br /><br />Be enchanting and go buy his book now.<br /><br />Lisa Nirell<br />author, EnergizeGrowth NOW: The Marketing Guide to a Wealthy Company<br />[...]
B002JH3TW8|5.0|Great quality product. Does as described.  I liked the FW 400 standard, but of course Apple decided to \\"lead\\" in the market w/ a faster, but less used FW 800.  Annoying how many different cables and adapters Apple requires to use peripherals, but what can you do, their products work.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|I have been a fan of this wonderful musical since the day I first saw it at the 5th Avenue Theatre in Seattle; and have attended every performance that has performed in Seattle since that time (five or six performances? With tickets to see it this coming August when it returns).  To me, this musical is truly the greatest ever made!     Inevitably, there will be comparisons between the original cast from the 10th Anniversary Concert and this one; that is to be expected (my review will be along those lines as I have watched the 10th and 25th anniversary performance back-to-back).  Trying to meet or exceed the performance of the original cast is almost an impossible task; however, most of the performers rose to the occasion and at least met the performance demands!       There were a few parts where the performances seemed a little weak; I would like to know if this is the recording of the first performance or the second performance, I suspect that fatigue was wearing on a few of the performers toward the end.  Alfie Bow (Jean Valjean) and Norm Lewis (Javert)have to put a LOT of energy into their respective parts and I think it was showing toward the end of the show; but, for the encore they had to have found their second wind as they brought their vocal power to full strength!  I felt that the parts of Thenardier and his wife were a little on the weak side as well; nothing I can really put my finger on, but it did seem a little underwhelming.       While I know little about the Jonas brothers, other than they are pop singers, I would have to say that casting Nick as Marius was a mistake.  While I'm sure that Nick may have a very good voice for pop singing, it is not of the caliber necessary for a stage musical; this became VERY evident when Michael Ball (the original Marius) came on stage for the encore and sang one of his parts.  Sorry Nick, you have the looks for the part but you need to concentrate on your voice to get it up to strength for the task of a stage musical.     Saving the best for last, Lea Solonga as Fantine was marvelous!!  Lea played the part perfectly, though I do admit to some nostalgia in wanting to have seen her play Eponine one more time (as she did with the original cast).    Overall, even with the few misses, this is a hit and I shall enjoy watching this many times over.  The even more exciting part about the disc though was at the end of the credits it was announced that Universal will be making the musical into a movie!!!  This is something I have wanted for so long and I'm ecstatic to see it finally come to fruition!
B003E48AYC|5.0|Super clear, and clean on blu-ray! Really enhances the graphics of the film without making the scenes look overly cgi. I'm really happy with my purchase
B0049P1VHS|5.0|Great series, can't wait until it arrives...but...What's the point of pre-ordering something if it's not going to ship until three days after it came out. I would have just waited and bought it at a store if I had known it wouldn't be arriving on release day. Definitely the last time I pre-order anything.
B0049GYXDG|4.0|I would've thought it would've made a big difference moving to blu-ray, but I can't see the difference with this animated film. I have no regrets though - I love this movie, and wanted to upgrade some of my favorite disney movies, the only animated film being Alice in Wonderland.<br /><br />**There wasn't a huge difference moving to blu-ray, if I'd known that, as this is my first blu-ray purchase for animated films, I would've just kept my standard DVD.***
0446569895|4.0|I was a die-hard Metal Head all through the 80s so I was quite familiar with all of the legendary exploits of  the Madman and I was excited to get the inside scoop and all of the back-story and I wasn't disappointed. I am Ozzy makes for a quick and easy read that captures the true voice of rock n roll's Prince of Darkness of whom we learn really isn't all that dark. The stories regardless of how low and deprecating always find a point of humor and I found myself laughing out loud on more than one occasion. My only complaint with the book was that it really was just about Ozzy. There was a lot of information about the forming of Sabbath and his relationship with his original band but as far as the cast of characters during his solo tenure, with the exception of Randy Rhodes, they hardly ever get a mention. I myself was very curious about where Jake E Lee fit in, how did Ozzy find him and why did he leave and Jake gets all of two mentions in the book. Something of the likes \\"We had just started the Bark at the Moon tour with my new guitarist Jake E Lee...\\" and then \\"We were recording again and Jake was replaced by Zakk Wylde.\\" Those aren't actual quotes but that was the extent of mentions.  I personally would have liked to know more about the tryouts and how certain people came to be within the band but this wasn't that book; this is the Ozzy book and the stories don't stray too far from his personal issues. Of course reading this book you realize how taken care of he has been his entire solo career so he might not have the insight to offer a lot on the details. Someone out there needs to get a collections of managers and producers to get out the truth behind hiring's and firings and what was involved in bringing the classic albums to life be it Ozzy or any number of bands and albums; that is the kind book I want to read. After reading The Dirt, Slash and now Ozzy I am getting a little tired of the drug tales and I would like to know more about the crafting of the music and of the bands.ic and of the bands.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|My husband and I never missed the \\"Sonny and Cher\\" show on tv and have always been Cher fans. When her farewell tour was on tv of course we were glued to our seats. I recently saw \\"Burlesque\\"(twice as a matter of fact)and it reminded me of how much I enjoyed her performances and decided I wanted a DVD of the farewell tour. Of course it wasn't in any stores around here but there it was on Amazon. The price was beyond reasonable and it arrived in just a few days. The quality of the DVD is excellent and tho my husband has passed away and not here to enjoy it with me, I'll watch it remembering him and look forward to introducing the grandkids to Cher's amazing talent.
B001GCUNYO|3.0|Was unable to see this movie as my BlueRay player is in Region B AND the movie was for Region A players. Please sell us movies that plays in all Regions, the ones compartible with ALL regions .
B004CIIXFA|5.0|This film is a rare gem that follows none of the conventional movie tropes.  The characters are 3-dimensional; dialog rings true; the story progresses without artifice or resolution or plot holes; and nobody looks or acts like a movie star.  [perfect neon white teeth are thankfully absent, which I always find terribly distracting.  If there were a nuclear war today, all that would survive would be roaches, and movie star teeth.]  The acting is beautifully understated, and there are no histrionics.  For example, the relationship between the eldest daughter and the mother is elucidated with small, realistic actions and words.  And because of the authenticity of the film, I could give myself over to the film maker and get emotionally involved in the characters.<br /><br />In most movies, everything is cranked up to the maximum and shoehorned into a contrived plot that strictly follows conventions so as not to upset the audience.  Music, emotions, conflicts, events...everything is calculated to manipulate the viewer and bash them over the heard.  Stories follow predictable lines with easily identifiable character archetypes.  They are written to please audiences.  Infact many releases go through a process of test screening to determine which ending is the best one at pleasing audiences, for example the travesty that was I Am Legend.  And, of course, frames are populated only by capital 'a' Actors.  And as a result, they have all the metaphorical nutrition and satiety of a bag of Doritoes.  Of course I like me a bag of cool ranch every now and again, but they don't satisfy like real food.<br /><br />Fish Tank also avoids what I call the James Joyce syndrome, wherein a work is buried in a mass of symbolism and metaphor, and you have to have a pHd in codebreaking to understand what is being communicated.  I am not saying that those types of works are worthless etc, or that it is not worthwhile in watching and thinking about films Darren Aronofsky's The Fountain.  But, for me, I cannot get emotionally involved with the characters or engrossed in the story when it is heavily abstracted and symbolic.  Moreover, I don't have the educational background in literature and film to be able to do that kind of analysis.<br /><br />Imo, this is one of the best character driven movies I've seen.  I really cannot find fault with anything the director/writer has done in Fish Tank.<br /><br />As far as the criterion edition goes, it is fantastic.  The movie was shot on 35mm film and the blu ray transfer retains much of that wonderful film look. The video portion is an h264/AVC stream that averages 37 Mbps, and so suffers from no visible compression artifacting or degradation.  The audio is 5.1 dts-hd.  The majority of the audio is dialog or music that is being played on a portable player etc within the story, so most of the audio is in the centre channel.  This also lends to the realism as there are no unnatural 5.1 audio effects.  All in all a wonderful job by the Criterion people.t get emotionally involved with the characters or engrossed in the story when it is heavily abstracted and symbolic.  Moreover, I don't have the educational background in literature and film to be able to do that kind of analysis.    Imo, this is one of the best character driven movies I've seen.  I really cannot find fault with anything the director/writer has done in Fish Tank.    As far as the criterion edition goes, it is fantastic.  The movie was shot on 35mm film and the blu ray transfer retains much of that wonderful film look. The video portion is an h264/AVC stream that averages 37 Mbps, and so suffers from no visible compression artifacting or degradation.   The audio is 5.1 dts-hd.  The majority of the audio is dialog or music that is being played on a portable player etc within the story, so most of the audio is in the centre channel.  This also lends to the realism as there are no unnatural 5.1 audio effects.  All in all a wonderful job by the Criterion people.
B002LBGBR2|5.0|I love it!!! I just want to say Beyonc kicked ass with this CD! She is hot I have the platinum edition btw! So therefore I get her cd set of 2 in 1 cd plus I got another cd with videos on it. The pictures is beautiful except the satanic one. The music is great. The videos are great. Beyonc soars higher than a light with this cd. You go girl!
B003VS0CX8|5.0|Blu-ray is the best way to view a movie other than a movie theater and this one is no exception.
B00012L786|5.0|Richard Widmark, Jean Peters, Thelma Ritter make up a great cast of a fantastic Film Noir/ Red scare movie from 1953, but Peters steals the show as a street wise sexy tramp who gets caught up unknowingly delivering top government micro film.<br />This movie is very brutal on Peters as she is smacked around by Widmark and her boyfriend.<br />Thelma Ritters role a the sweet old lady who pettles information to whomever is interested is one of her best !<br />This is a fantastic movie and you cannot go wrong purchasing it !!!
B002VPE1WK|3.0|I was forced to return this product a short time after using as the outside handle stiching worked its way loose.  Fortunately I noticed the damage without having the bag drop to the floor.  Amazon was excellent in replacing the defective bag which I received in less than two days.  I appreciate the internal dividers and the bag offers ample room to carry a nice assortment of digital camera (D90 with MBD-80 attached, SB600 flash, kit lens (18-105), Prime 50/1.8, 55-200 VR and numerous cables, memory, batteries, quick guide booklet.    Good value for the money. Would have given higher score if didn't receive defective stiching holding the outside handle.
1439196834|5.0|I read this on this bus on the way to visit a friend. It was a really quick read, but the humor was just as it is on the show and I giggled to myself for entire time it took to read.
B000Q66JXA|5.0|Overall the transfer turned out very well,as with all movies it depends on the source material.Scenes in the woods (daylight) and battle scenes turned out quite well.Arthur and Lancelots' battle scene at the bridge is worth buying the blu-ray alone.The whole movie is brighter and colors more vivid than dvd verison.In some scenes burning fires are very detailed and others they are blurry.Sound is alot better never noticed the birds in the forests as much in earlier verisons.As for extras nothing new and getting some of the stars to add something would be up to them and since Warner Bros. problably was not offering any money to them ,not any reason they would do it.
1591843790|4.0|Marketing and leadership books are strange animals. Some are great and others make you want to stab yourself in the eye with a fork. Almost all, though, usually fall into one of two categories:<br /><br />1. How to develop a large and successful business; and<br />2. Why all marketers are liars<br /><br />Enchantment by Guy Kawasaki is neither of these; instead, it's a book about one thing:<br /><br />Influence.<br /><br />\\"How can I influence others without moral compromise?\\" is the question at the heart of Enchantment. And  it's an important one. There are a number of easy cheats to convince people to follow your leadership (carrots and sticks) or to buy your product or join your cause (incentives), but eventually those things always fail.<br /><br />Why? Because they're disingenuous. They don't tap into people's passions. They don't move the heart.<br /><br />And without that happening, whatever impact you have is fleeting at best.<br /><br />The \\"pillars of enchantment\\" Kawasaki puts forward ones you'd be hard pressed to disagree with:<br /><br />1. Be likeable<br />2. Be trustworthy<br />3. Have a great cause<br /><br />In other words, be someone you'd actually want to spend time with and offer something that matters. These seem like concepts that should be met with a resounding, \\"well, I should hope so.\\" I mean, this seems to be common sense, doesn't it? That's thing about common sense, though. To paraphrase G.K. Chesterton, it's not that common sense has been tried and found lacking, it's that it's been found difficult and left untried.<br /><br />Unless you're likeable, it's extremely difficult to be found trustworthy. And unless you're trustworthy, no one will rally around your cause, no matter how good it is.<br /><br />Whether you're in the for-profit or non-profit world, whether you're in some form of vocational ministry or working for a huge conglomerate, who you are impacts everything you're involved with. Our character can be the scent of life or the stench of death, and we would all do well to remember that.<br /><br />The rest of the book tackles the implications of being enchanting, from launching your cause, overcoming resistance, using technology, how it plays out with employees and employers, how to make enchantment endure--and even how to resist it.<br /><br />A key principle that resonated with me is that of endurance. Even if you have the greatest cause, it's essential to remember that \\"enchantment is a process, not an event.\\" You're working to build a relationship, not just get a sale or get someone to do something for you. And relationships take effort. This is something that is not easy for many in marketing and even in leadership positions to remember. The truth is, though, for many of us, it's easier to try to squeeze whatever we can out of our market today, and not think about the long-term consequences (like having no market in the future).<br /><br />This is where social media comes in handy, especially Facebook and Twitter (two resources that Kawasaki highly recommends). These two tools allow organizations and individuals to connect in ways that previously weren't possible. And used well, they can allow you to truly enchant your customer or supporter base by engaging on their terms. Dell, among other organizations, fields support questions via Twitter (I know because an associate contacted me once after I complained about my previous laptop). This gives people a great experience with the company, even if they don't like the product.<br /><br />One of the challenges with social media, though, is finding the right mix of promotion vs. conversation. Kawasaki suggests that if around 5% of your content is promotional, you should be in good shape, but he's also quick to point out that if people aren't complaining, you're probably not promoting enough (p. 115).<br /><br />(Does this mean my Twitter followers will be seeing a shift in my updates? Probably, and hopefully for the better.)<br /><br />Principles aside, the thing that caught my attention about this book is that it brought to mind people I know who are naturally good at this. They just seem to \\"get\\" that this is the kind of person you need to be in order to be successful. Take some time and look around your office, your school or whatever context you spend most of your day in, and I suspect you'll see at least one or two people who are naturally \\"enchanting\\" as well.<br /><br />So here's the big question: Will this book help you to be \\"enchanting\\" in your sphere of influence?<br /><br />Possibly. This isn't a book that guarantees that if you follow these 8 easy steps, you'll have more friends, better posture and piles of candy. What it does remind readers, though, is that the only way to really make a lasting impact on people is to act with integrity. That's a big deal and advice we would all do well to heed.<br /><br />If you have a chance, do pick up a copy of Enchantment. It's definitely a worthwhile investment and just might challenge you in a few places where you won't expect it.seem to \\"get\\" that this is the kind of person you need to be in order to be successful. Take some time and look around your office, your school or whatever context you spend most of your day in, and I suspect you'll see at least one or two people who are naturally \\"enchanting\\" as well.    So here's the big question: Will this book help you to be \\"enchanting\\" in your sphere of influence?    Possibly. This isn't a book that guarantees that if you follow these 8 easy steps, you'll have more friends, better posture and piles of candy. What it does remind readers, though, is that the only way to really make a lasting impact on people is to act with integrity. That's a big deal and advice we would all do well to heed.    If you have a chance, do pick up a copy of Enchantment. It's definitely a worthwhile investment and just might challenge you in a few places where you won't expect it.
B003OFHMKO|3.0|I feel a bit bad about reviewing this CD at all. It may in fact be a five-star release in the ears of many listeners, but it just didn't work for me. I'd put \\"Chamber Music Society\\" in a musical category I call \\"I can respect it, but I just don't like it all that well.\\" That's not a bad thing. For example, much of The Beatles' work falls into that category - good music created by obviously talented people that just doesn't engage my interest.  With respect to Spalding's release, her talent is obvious, especially her bass playing and her arranging. It's the singing that gets to me, and, again, this is a personal bias. I find much jazz singing kind of affected, especially when vocalists scat, which is what Spalding does throughout most of the disc. Spalding may indeed be a brilliant vocalist; I just don't get it.  I kind of liked the feel of the non-vocal music, but it kind of starts to drift by in a narcotic haze. Releases that are all of one tempo and mood run the risk of blending together. In short, this isn't a straight-up jazz release, so buyer beware.  I'd recommend borrowing a copy of this disc first, and then buying it - hey, we need to support young artists - if it's your thing.
0439023513|2.0|So critics everywhere fell all over themselves to praise Mockingjay.  Let me say on the front end that I loved both Hunger Games and Catching Fire.   I was certain I would be gushing over Mockingjay when I got a hold of it.  However I prefer to think for myself. The positive reviews here on Amazon are shocking. Did they even read the book? Seems to me the only people who could possibly give this a positive review are those who either are so blinded by loyalty to Collins that they sacrificed critical judgement, or they are so engrossed by their own politics that the blatant anti war message ensured their loyalty. I mean how could anyone tolerate the ceaseless pointless rambling of the lead character? I am a pacifist and yet I did not read the trilogy to be taught a lesson. I read it for the story, a story that was handled poorly from page one of Mockingjay. I don't want to sound like an elitist, but even a novice could realize that things just derailed in the third instalment.   Katiness transformed from level headed hero to complete bafoon within the first ten pages. Her confidence, her personal growth awol. In fact I hated her by chaper two, she had become a stereotypical drama queen instead of the interesting character Collins had created. I prefer to actually care about the lead character, and since Collins forces us to look through the Hunger Games world only through the heroine's eyes, I had to force myself to read on. Page after page of nothing but confussion and filer, like Collins was simply trying to kill time and page space so she could get to the end. I mean why in the heck would Katiness have to go through basic training? To fill pages that otherwise Collins had no other ideas for. There were so many story archs here that made me think \\"man she's struggling to get to the end.\\" And \\"why is she forcing the reader to endure this?\\" Collins goes on to ruin every other worth while character in the book. For example, Finnick goes from crafty survivor to complete dofuss, and is dissmissed as awkwardly as Sirius Black. Gail devolves from leading man to love sick puppy. I am not even going into what happens to Peeta, Haymitch, or any of the others. On and on the butchering of the characters we grew to love in the first two books all for shock value. It just really felt like Collins was going for critical praise rather than to let readers enjoy the last book in her trilogy. Congrats to the author she got great reviews from the mainstream media, however no one I know enjoyed the last book. Everyone warned me I would hate it, but I trudged on determined to like the final book because I loved the first two so much. Turns out I was a fool.       If you are into senseless violence, redundant paragraphs of self loathing, and heavy handed politics this is your book. It just felt like Collins had one great story to tell, but ran out of ideas by book three, so she relied on her politics, easy shock value, what she thought critics would like, and ultra violence to knock out a story.  Compared to the first two books this one is very poorly written. Character development is missing, long winded reprises of the wrestling in Katiness' mind are tiresome. Like I said I am anti-war but Collins goes over the top with her \\"war is hell\\" tirades. I am fine with the basis of her parable but did she have to sacrifice her story to make her point?   And here is the core of what really bothered me about Mockingjay. Why the excessive violence? Isn't this supposed to be a teen or even children's novel? I get it war is bad, and ugly, people die, but come on the whole \\"pod thing\\" was so over the top I felt like she was simply trying too hard to top the violence from each previous chapters. It's like she read her own press clippings that praised her for the frank violence of the first two books and she tried way to hard to up the killing. The mainstream media ate up the anti-war message, but readers of the first two books bought into a story not a political agenda.   Like one reviewer said....wish there could be a do over.
1591843790|5.0|I read a ton of books and I especially love ones that are presented in such a way that the entire experience is a joy to read. Guy has done an awesome job of creating a book that is warm, friendly, packed with doable ideas, and filled with relatable examples from real people.<br /><br />Many new media marketing experts are now saying the person with the biggest platform - that is, the most followers, fans, friends, contacts, subscribers - will get \\"the big bucks.\\" But, here's the thing: if quantity is what you're going for, you have to focus on quality before the quantity comes. And, building quality relationships over time takes certain skills.<br /><br />What Guy teaches in this book is essentially how to create heartfelt impact wherever you go such that people are naturally drawn to you, your mission, your dream, and your company. What emerges is true success from the inside out that has a profound ripple effect on all those around you and beyond. As Guy says, \\"If you want to change the world, you need to convince people to dream the same dream as you and this takes more than run-of-the-mill relationships.\\"<br /><br />Relationship marketing is a subject very close to my heart - we all do business with people we know, like and trust. And, social technologies have allowed us to be that much more connected and to reduce the time it takes to get to know, like and trust people. By applying the teachings in Enchantment, any person and any brand can become that much more likeable, that much more popular, and that much more successful.<br /><br />Just like some of the brands Guy profiles in his book - such as Zappos, Virgin and Apple where you're left with a visceral experience of quality, class and innovation - Enchantment imparts this same feeling. Everything about the book - from the vibrant cover design with memorable origami butterfly to the bite-size chapters with an array of images and personal stories - leaves you with a warm glow. You feel that you're completely enchanted by Guy and his wisdom, and that you're more inspired to make a positive difference in the world with your own passions.<br /><br />In fact, Guy talks about how enchanters sell their dream. They \\"don't sell products, services, or companies. They don't think in terms of the cost of goods sold or glass, silicon, steel, leather, and rubber. Steve Jobs isn't thinking, *How can I get people to buy $188 worth of parts with a two-year contract from AT&T?*<br /><br />\\"Enchanters sell their dreams for a better future--cooler social interactions, a cleaner environment, a heart-stirring driving experience, or the future of publishing. This perspective is the foundation for a presentation that transforms people. It makes them think of what could be, not what is. It enables enchanters to draw energy from the audience and then send it back at an even higher level.\\"<br /><br />This is music to my ears. I, too, am on a mission to inspire others to be all they can be. Enchantment is a first class book that you won't want to put down. I give it two enthusiastic thumbs up for anyone looking to easily integrate proven concepts for building solid, lasting relationships that yield positive results.<br /><br />[For the record: I completely adore Guy and am indeed enchanted by him!]<br /><br />~Mari<br />[...]<br />[...]enchanted by Guy and his wisdom, and that you're more inspired to make a positive difference in the world with your own passions.<br /><br />In fact, Guy talks about how enchanters sell their dream. They \\"don't sell products, services, or companies. They don't think in terms of the cost of goods sold or glass, silicon, steel, leather, and rubber. Steve Jobs isn't thinking, *How can I get people to buy $188 worth of parts with a two-year contract from AT&T?*<br /><br />\\"Enchanters sell their dreams for a better future--cooler social interactions, a cleaner environment, a heart-stirring driving experience, or the future of publishing. This perspective is the foundation for a presentation that transforms people. It makes them think of what could be, not what is. It enables enchanters to draw energy from the audience and then send it back at an even higher level.\\"<br /><br />This is music to my ears. I, too, am on a mission to inspire others to be all they can be. Enchantment is a first class book that you won't want to put down. I give it two enthusiastic thumbs up for anyone looking to easily integrate proven concepts for building solid, lasting relationships that yield positive results.<br /><br />[For the record: I completely adore Guy and am indeed enchanted by him!]<br /><br />~Mari<br />[...]<br />[...]
B00475AYJQ|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said.  This is one of my favorite series.  I can't wait for book 3, and hopefully beyond.  Thanks for all your hard work Pat!
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Our whole family loves this game. Our boys are grown and married, they live 6 hours apart. When we all get together the game is played into the wee hours of the morning. It gets the family around the dinner table for some great fun and time together. I will be 50 this year and I will have to say this is my all time favorite board game. My wife and I bought this game and the extension. It is worth every penny.
0192853619|5.0|I wish I had read this book when I was in high school. This is not a hard book to read, but it provides incredible fundamental knowledge about mathematics that would have helped A LOT when I was learning these concepts for the first time.    This is the first book I have read in all my schooling that has addressed the question of \\"What is mathematics, and how does it work?\\"
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I must admit... I was a little scared buy a camera bag by Amazon Basics but I am super pleased with the quality of the bad. If your looking to get a great camera bag than get this one!
B0018PH3L0|5.0|The Western genre is one of the oldest movie genres in Hollywood. It started out with the silent films, the Tom Mix movies, all through the great John Wayne films, the Jimmy Stewart-Anthony Mann masterpieces, up until the time when the Western almost ceased to be a genre, because most of the moviegoing audiences had moved on to other Hollywood fare. But it was the success of such movies as \\"Pale Rider\\" and \\"Silverado\\" in the 80s that really brought the Western back to American theaters. Now perhaps that success has not exactly spilled over to today's movies, but the Western is still a revered genre and an art-form. It was those same feelings and that genuine likeability for the Western genre that caused \\"Lonesome Dove\\" to become such a hit. Also because of the fact that there are countless reviews from critics and fans that had never particularly liked Westerns in general, but they were the same ones that absolutely loved \\"Lonesome Dove\\".     The story starts off with two retired Texas Rangers, Augustus McCrae and Woodrow F. Call, who are also long-time best friends. McCrae (Robert Duvall) is a rascal through-and-through, but not without the emotion needed to appreciate the good things about life. Call (Tommy Lee Jones) is a much more buttoned-up and reserved character, serving as the perfect foil for Duvall's McCrae. Call and McCrae run The Hat Creek Cattle Company, in the basically deserted town of Lonesome Dove, Texas. However, this company does not get much business at all, allowing McCrae to have more than enough time to be lazy and loaf around, which sets the stage for some hilarious scenes with Duvall and Jones. An old friend and fellow Ranger of theirs, Jake Spoon (Robert Urich) shows up, with plenty of wonderful things to say about that faraway place known as Montana. McCrae is content to stay in Lonesome Dove, but Jake's words ignite something in Call's mind, and before long, he can think of nothing else but starting a cattle ranch in Montana. McCrae thinks Call is purely out of his mind to want to start another long adventure, especially considering that the world seemingly no longer accepts them as they are. But Call manages to convince McCrae to come along, and thus begins the epic journey.     \\"Lonesome Dove\\" is a classic on so many levels. Like most classic films, the miniseries seems to know that it is an epic - that it is destined to become something great. This aspect is shown most significantly with the cast. All the cast members, from the ones with large speaking roles to the ones with only a few lines, seem to instantly understand the profound depth and raw emotion of the story, and therefore channel that into their own performances. Literally every scene is beautiful, purely character-driven, emotionally intense, dramatically real; even the opening credits evoke that peculiar feeling that the viewer is in for a heck of an experience. Since \\"Lonesome Dove\\" is an absolute character piece, every actor or actress must be well-chosen and their performance must be acted to the best of that person's ability. There are, of course, the aforementioned Duvall, Jones, and Urich, all of whom having talent that is nothing short of fantastic. But also worth mentioning are the likewise majestic performances of the remaining cast. Each character has something of importance and depth to bring to every scene in which they appear - Rick Schroder as the fatherless and confused Newt, Danny Glover as the steadfast scout Deets, Diane Lane as the gorgeous bad-girl-with-a-heart-of-gold, Frederic Forrest as the evil half-breed Blue Duck, Chris Cooper as the inexperienced but compassionate July Johnson - the list goes on and on. This criteria is the same for all the storylines, as well. Each of the storylines is effective, and they all tie-in together excellently, with not one of them being left out. There has been some debate over whether the secondary storyline, with July Johnson searching for his ever-fleeing wife, is really necessary. As a matter of fact, it is more than necessary - it is essential. July's story contributes to the main plot, but these story intersections are never obvious or contrived.      The story, to put it simply, very easily and firmly captures the feel of the Old West, both as it was in its prime and in its passing-on. That really is one of the main themes of the story - as time passes on, things and people become different and grow old; change is inevitable in this view of the West. All of the characters, in their own way, realize that they must change with the times and situations surrounding them, and that if they don't, they might as well just stop living, because there truly is no other way. This point is very clearly presented with the terrific ending montage. As Woodrow remembers all that has happened during their long journey - with Poledouris' gripping score played over the scenes - the heartwrenching and terrific emotion can bring anyone to tears. The miniseries does contain some unnecessary sexual implications and bad language, but aside from those elements, \\"Lonesome Dove\\" is one of the few productions on film that I definitely consider to be undeniably perfect in every way.
B000000Y87|5.0|I have to start by saying i am no jazz buff .In fact what i know about jazz could be written on the back of a postage stamp. But there's something about this album that gets to me. I used to live in Greenwich village, literally 200 yards from the Vanguard so maybe that's part of its appeal.....but I think in all honesty it's wholly to do with Bill Evans.There's something about the way he plays - the feeling of melancholy, romance and wistfulness intercut with stunning virtuosity that just draws me in. If you buy one jazz album buy 'Kind of Blue' but if you buy two, get 'Sunday at the Village Vanguard' - I guarantee you will play them both to death over the years
B002XMGGK6|5.0|Love  this movie  this is my  favorite   gerard bulter  ever. Great plot  great  scence where Gerry bulter  is  nude  lol.  Great surprise ending
B004IJZFP4|5.0|Hearing the album in 1975, made you love Tommy`s music,  Hearing this version, makes you remember how good Tommy was, and regret what was lost, when Tommy left us. . .
1400052173|5.0|This was a fascinating book and everyone should read it and wonder if it is or has happened to their family. It is so easily done, especially to the poor.  What an eye opener !! Everyone should read this.
0393078299|5.0|Quantum was an excellent history of the quantum revolution that began in the early 20th century. It touches on all the main characters in the development of quantum theory and subsequent development of quantum mechanics. There's a good bit of biographical and world history in the mix and you really get into the lives of these pivotal scientists, their passions, theories, interests, and lives.<br /><br />There is a fair bit of math and physics along the way, some parts get pretty heavy into it, but mostly this is a historical biography of Plank, Einstein, Bohr, Heisenberg, Schrodinger, etc.. . Anyone familiar with the science of the quantum will enjoy it and probably even gain some interesting insight into the history of the field.<br /><br />I loved the story and I'm marking \\"Quantum: Einstein, Borh, and the Great Debate About the Nature of Reality\\" as a definite reread for someday.
B004G5ZXVQ|4.0|I agree with what I believe is the most honest review so far, provided by John from Chicago.  I am a huge R.E.M. fan, but this record is is not a 5 star effort.  I'm a little older and I remember the charming, but uneven I.R.S. efforts of the early R.E.M., and this effort represents a throwback to that era. On the other hand, my expectations are higher and we should not have to listen to retreads from other R.E.M. albums.    I ordered this CD from Amazon as soon as the pre-orders were being taken, and I was delighted to receive my copy a couple days ago.  I've been listening since, and already find myself skipping tracks.     I like the way John reviewed the record, song by song, so I'll throw in my two cents worth.  I also agree, in general, the best songs are on the back half of the cd.      1. Discoverer - Haven't we heard this song before?  Yes we have!  You will not be listening to this 2 years from now, much less 2 months from now.  The album calls out this song as a hit.  I don't see it.    2. All the Best - This is more like the R.E.M. we all know and love, but we've heard it before, too. I agree with John and very much like Stipe's lyrics on this one as he struggles to be vital in today's music scene.  Very honest... and worth listening to for the lyrics alone...    3. berlin - This is another classic R.E.M tune.  I love the band, the riveting guitar, and even the lyrics.  Also in the vein of \\"we've heard that before, too\\", but I still like it and am still listening to it.    4. Oh My Heart - This is his current answer song to \\"Houston\\".  It was an ok musical idea on \\"Accelerate\\"... Do we really need a repeat so soon?  People are downloading it, so it is touching a nerve somewhere.  Give it a listen, but it isn't my favorite, by a long shot.    5. It Happened Today - M.O.R. effort.  It's like they are trying to write a pop song to get on the radio with Eddie Vedder as guest to ensure they get some airplay! A throw-away for me     6. Every Day Is Yours toWin - I'm still listening to this one and am enjoying more with repeated listening.  A nice look into the soul of the writer and the band is captivating.  I'd love to see this one live some day.    7. Mine Smell Like Honey - Pure entertainment.  Turn it up and enjoy!  Yes, I know, we've heard the music before, too, but it's still fun!    8. Walk It Back - Totally agree with John.  Super song and I'm still listening    9. Alligator_Aviator_Autopilot_Antimatter - Again I agree with John.  We've heard this before, too... but I am still listening.    10. That Someone Is You - I like this song because as John said, it sounds like the old R.E.M. And... Michael Stipe actually allowed Mike Mills to sing as loud as he is on this one!    11. Me, Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando and I - Another nice ballad.    12. Blue - OK, on one hand I can say this is Michael Stipe's \\"Revolution #9\\", so that's a good thing, I guess.  It's very creative, but my issue with it is  I made it through twice and now I can't listen to it any more. The first one I cut from my list. (and BTW, another one called out on the CD cover as a hit)    Opinions are like \\"you know what's\\", everybody has one, but I believe that for $9.99 it's a can't miss to buy as a whole on CD.  If you are paying full price somewhere, then my advice is to listen to the song samples and download your favorites one at a time.  Four Stars on this review.
B001EASNQ8|1.0|I ordered two of these movies for my grandson (one for my house and one for his house) for his birthday on Feb 23.  Both movies have since messed up when he was watching.  This is the same problem we were having with the one we bought in the store but he loves this movie so I order more.  Never again.  DEFECTIVE production I suppose.
B003L20ID8|5.0|A love story that happens to be placed in a sci fi setting of different realities reminiscent of SLIDING DOORS & RUN, LOLA, RUN except this time your future is being dictated by an outside force.  That outside force is basically something like uncaring, bureaucratic angels so religious fundamentalists might be offended. Themes of romantic love, sacrifice and destiny are prevalent.  The movie balances on the audience buying into this sci fi reality tale but even more so said audience has to buy into the love story so they spend a suitable amount of time building up why these two are in love in the first place.  That made it feel a bit slow at first but stick with it.  John Slattery, Anthony Mackie and Terence Stamp are a wonderful supporting cast.  Good call on showing the perspectives of the angels or this wouldn't have worked.  Loosely based on a Philip K. Dick short story of the same title.  DIALOGUE/CHARACTERS: A minus; STORY/PLOTTING: B plus; SPECIAL EFFECTS: B plus; WHEN WATCHED (movie theater): early March; MY GRADE: B plus to A minus.
B002ZG98Z0|1.0|Please don't make number 3.  Not even the fashion could save number 2.  Let the divas age alone.  Thank you.
B004DWKO8Y|5.0|Going to make this short and sweet, MR. BIG - WHAT IF... is in my opinion an early runner for rock album of the year. Every aspect is here on this one...Erics voice is right on the money, Pat can keep a movin beat with the best of them, Billy hasn't lost a step and well, Paul Gilbert dominates in usual fashion. I expected no less from these rockers. I happened upon this today and grabbed it when I saw the original line up was back. It has all the feeling of being back in the heyday again and lets face it, when we get a disc like this that is exactly what we are looking for. No \\"progression\\", I want dead-on vocals,crazy bass riffs,thunderous beats and mass quantities of unreal smokin Gilbert jams and that is exactly what we get. It has a slight David Lee Roth \\"Skyscraper\\" feel to it and that is in no way bad at all, best DLR effort in my opinion and just shows how much influence Billy Sheehan has. This will make you feel like you are back in the day rockin your Van Halen - 1984 World Tour shirt and Parachute Pants...well maybe not that much but you get my drift. Just buy the disc...if you have read this far then you obviously want it!!  ENJOY!!
B002ZG993Q|5.0|the product is good service is also good. i i i i i i i i i i i i
0670022411|3.0|While several reviewers have compared the novel with Twilight, I would rather compare it to Anne Rice's The Witching Hour. Now there's a great read. A Discovery of Witches drags on and on and teases the reader that maybe this will turn into a great love story - but, alas that never happens. The first half drags like a Stephen King novel, but while Stephen King is setting the reader up for great things to come, this novel leads you no where. The characters are flat and boring. This reader really doesn't care if vampire and witch made it to their destination or if they make it back. Again, if you want to read good vampire and witch novels, you must read Anne Rice. She starts the plot on page one and holds the reader until the end. Unlike this novel, in Anne Rice's aforementioned book, the reader becomes immersed in the the lives of the characters and then wants to read the book slowly because you don't want it to end. Even many years later, people still find her books relevant. However, A Discovery of Witches will soon be forgotten. The author tries to drag in every known witchism available and even when it looks as if our heroine could be lost forever, this reader just wanted her demise to be quick so I would be out of my misery and reading a better book. Read it if you have nothing better to do. Just don't say you weren't warned.
0545265355|5.0|I really enjoyed these books. They were really different compared to a lot of the other books Ive been reading and I loved it. A lot of fighting and even a love triangle. I couldnt put the books down! I was addicted from the start :) i love it. i recommend it to anyone~! &lt;3
B003EVFHYG|5.0|I loved this movie, and the soundtrack is even better. It has a Celtic style that I love. And I'm a children's author, so I LOVE writing with this music playing in the background. I think my favorite song is \\"Forbidden Friendship\\" but they're all excellent! Buy it! It's very uplifting and makes you want to have an adventure!
B000G7PNAE|5.0|Starting with Don't Stop Believin' & ending with Open Arms, every song on Escape is a winner.   Steve Perry's beautifully clean yet passionate tenor voice, dipping & soaring over an amazing 4-octave range revolutionized Journey's sound four years earlier on \\"Infinity\\". Now Jonathan Cain's collaborations as composer gave Steve the perfect melodies to wrap his golden voice around. Steve & Jonathan wrote songs with themes their fans could identify with. Going back home (Still They Ride)~ the break up of a family (Mother, Father) ~ finding independence (Escape). Jonathan's opening riff on \\"Don't Stop Believin'\\" has been described one of the best opening keyboard riffs & combined with Steve Perry's powerfully emotive vocals & brilliant musicianship from guitarist Neal Schon, bassist Ross Valory & drummer Steve Smith, Journey created one of the most compelling & enduring anthems in rock. And with \\"Open Arms,\\" they recorded one of the most romantic. This album is a emotional roller coaster ride you won't want to end. One of the best albums by anybody, ever.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|Settlers is a fun Family game. This newer version has some good pieces and some cheap pieces. And the outer border for the island is interesting, but doesn't quite fit together. Still, A fun family game.
B0001MDP3G|2.0|There's so much wrong with this film.  For starters: Minghella doesn't ever have the scene where Ada and Inman FALL IN LOVE. Doesn't matter if it's a 10-second scene, there has to be something, anything. The way Ada ... what? The way Inman ... what? Drinks a glass of tea? Plays the piano? Something. But no, there's nothing.  Second: too many stars. Anytime there are this many A-list actors they get in the way of each other. Ribissi's act is getting real old; so is Hoffman's. Come to think of it, we didn't need Portman or Sutherland either. (Though who can ever qualm with the great Ray Winstone, who disappears in a role better than anyone save Toni Collette. (Have they ever been in a picture together? Can anyone tell?) Winstone's so good in this I still can't figure out which character he played.)  Three: Jude Law. Bad casting, and he wasn't very good.  Four: Departing from the book where there was no need to, especially -- I think I'm getting this right -- re: Inman's killer. In the book it wasn't the evil, blond-haired guy, it was some young'un hiding in the bush that, incredibly, got the jump on Inman. Which made it all the more surprising. (Kind of like Omar getting it in The Wire from that kid in the convenience store.)  Five: Zellweger's just-give-me-the-Academy-Award-already performance.  Six: not enough of Inman alone, by himself (think Jeremiah Johnson); seems every day he was running into somebody -- another A-list actor.  Should have just cast Kidman with a bunch of unknowns -- still could have had that great love scene.
B000V7H7HG|3.0|This fence works very well with the other Schleich items, but the problem is that it is VERY difficult to put together each time my girls get it out. It is too difficult for them to do, and even my husband and I have to work at it. Once put together, it does seem to stay, but I just wish it was more user friendly.
1591843790|5.0|I too had the honor of beta testing this book. It is a pretty quick and enjoyable read. Parts of the manuscript have served as a pre-delivery checklist for my own products and projects for the past 5 months or so. It is really easy to deliberately apply the concepts and principals Guy preaches in this book. You don't even need a brand like Apple or a product like personal foot massages from Sir Richard Branson, er, Virgin Airlines.<br /><br />Perhaps the biggest pleasant surprise for me was his account of meeting another one of my favorite all-time authors, Robert Cialdini. Upon reading it, I immediately wrote to Guy and told him he had absolutely sold me on his book with that. And isn't that what we're all trying to do in our own little ways? Sell people on our ideas, get them to use and love our products, stamp our positive influence on the world.<br /><br />Go out and be awesome today! But if you read Enchantment first, you'll go out and be even more awesome!
1572816112|4.0|The only problem I could find with these Tarot cards is that they are slightly longer than other Tarot cards I've used, so finding a traditional Tarot box to fit them in is proving to be difficult.  The artwork is great, and it really makes them feel like a nice modern deck.  I'm not a fan of the Medieval style artwork found on most.  I like how they can be so dark yet so colorful at the same time.  I also like the accompanying chart and booklet that they came with.
1591843790|5.0|When I read a new book, I evaluate it on three dimensions: (1) Is it interesting? (Did I learn something new about something that interests me?), (2) Is it useful? (Did it teach me things that are relevant to my life?), and (3) Is it readable? (Did I enjoy reading it, and not get stuck on it for a month?) Well, Guy Kawasaki's new book scores highly on all three.<br /><br />(1) Is it interesting? Did I learn something new about something that interests me?<br /><br />Yes, Enchantment is interesting. Actually, it's fascinating, and absolutely packed with useful information. Think of this book as a cross between a manual to the soft skills of business, and a primer on how to apply key findings from behavioral economics and social psychology - kind of a \\"best of\\" tour of the works of Robert Cialdini, Richard Thaler, the Heath brothers, and others . Of course, there's a generous helping of Kawasaki thrown in there for good measure!<br /><br />(2) Is it useful? Did it teach me things that are relevant to my life?<br /><br />Yes, unequivocally. This information should be seen as business 101, and is arguably more important than a BComm degree. The book teaches how to achieve likeability, how to achieve trustworthiness, how to enchant people with your product or service, how to launch that product or service, how to overcome resistance (very important!), and how to make enchantment endure over time. The book also talks about enchantment in the workplace - how to enchant your employees, and how to enchant your boss. Each section is direct and to the point, providing useful information that you can put into practice today to see results in your business and life.<br /><br />(3) Is it readable?  Did I enjoy reading it, and not get stuck on it for a month?<br /><br />This is the area where Guy Kawasaki really shines. This book, like his other books, is a pleasure to read - I read through the whole thing in two days, and it was designed for you to be able to get on a plane, and read through most of it before landing. The book is engaging, entertaining, and down to earth, which means it won't be a bottleneck in your reading list!<br /><br />All in all, I'm very happy to recommend this book. For more insight into the book, check out an audio interview that I did with Guy Kawasaki about it on Firepole Marketing. You can either go to [...] and search for \\"Guy Kawasaki\\", or just go straight to [...]<br /><br />Danny @ Firepole Marketing<br />[...]is engaging, entertaining, and down to earth, which means it won't be a bottleneck in your reading list!    All in all, I'm very happy to recommend this book. For more insight into the book, check out an audio interview that I did with Guy Kawasaki about it on Firepole Marketing. You can either go to [...] and search for \\"Guy Kawasaki\\", or just go straight to [...]    Danny @ Firepole Marketing  [...]
B002I5RV7K|5.0|I have about 200 or more punk albums from 83-89 (roughly)- and of all of them, this was always my top choice.   I was witness and participant to the DC Hardcore scene in the 80s yet despite the thriving, unique scene I was part of, this band from Venice, CA was my favorite.  The songs really embody what I like and want to hear from punk.  The band has great energy, the tunes cover alot of ground from anger, humor, politics and there's even a ballad (sort of)).  And to top it off they can actually play probably a few notches above most punk musicians. No other band had a sound like this.  This is truly an original sounding record.
0810997827|5.0|My daughter started reading these books when she was 11 and really loves them. I have lost track of how many times she has re-read them and had me read and re-read them to her. She'll be 13 in a couple months and is still reading them. We both loved the movie as well and are equally excited to see the sequal this month :) Each book has 217 pages, but a very easy read. Written like journal/diary style  entries with a cartoon flair and humor most kids can relate to, in my opion makes it an easy fun read for anyone. Black and white throughout the book with neat funny drawings like those pictured on on the cover
0061726826|5.0|I enjoy dystopian fiction, but even so the premise of 'Delirium' seemed a little over the top for my taste.  A society that has found the cure for love?  Foolish.  Well, the fact is I loved this book and once I started it I couldn't put it down.  The society Lauren Oliver has created is so emotionally sterile and autocratic it gave me chills reading about it.  We see the transformation of our main character, Lena, as she slowly discovers the harsh realities of the caged in world she trusts and the possibilities of another life beyond its borders.  I immediately fell in love with Lena and Alex as the main characters and was drawn into their thrilling plight from start to breathtaking finale.  Please tell me there is more to come!
B004I2K4E8|5.0|Loved it. I first saw this concert on PBS March 2011, so I just had to get my own copy. So many wonderful new singers and some returning favorites make this a wonderfully current performance.    Desipite those who criticize Nick Jones as Marius, I think it is refreshing. For the snobs who get all wigged out from the fact he is a \\"pop start\\", you might get your nickers unbound to know he cut his teeth in the Theatre (poo poo) in Les Mis, no less, as a child. I think his performance as Marius was accomplished - ok, anyone compared to Michael is going to fall short - but that shouldn't take away from the work Nick put into it. Give the lad a break. Should Nick wish to return to musical theatre fulltime, I think he could - he is certainly young enough to achieve many years of experience and have a brite future ahead of him. I get the impression we have not seen the last of Nick beyond \\"pop star\\".
B004DK5CYM|5.0|Great movie for a great horse!!!!    Saw the movie three times and have watched the dvd 4 times so far.  Love the racing scenes.
1591843790|5.0|I have long admired the work of Guy Kawasaki for his straight-ahead integrity, common-sense and creative insights into the issues that confront small business owners.  What I've found is if you pay attention to what he says, and you implement the strategies he recommends, amazing things happen.  In his new book Enchantment, he does not falter. I was lucky enough to get a review copy, and read it eagerly from cover to cover in two days.  Now, I want to sip it slowly like a good wine, and pay attention to all the nuggets of 'charm' that fill these pages.  If you have to read any books on building a business, or making your existing one even more brilliant, then read Guy's books. They will inspire and rock your world.
B003ES61EE|5.0|The lenspen has been around for a while - it's rebranded like nobodies business: [[ASIN:B000KO0GY6 LensPEN Lens Cleaning System]], [[ASIN:B00006JN3G Nikon 7072 Lens Pen Cleaning System]], [[ASIN:B000QGITWO Lenspen LENMPII1 Minipro II Lens Cleaner For Digital Cameras, Camcorders, Scopes and Eyepieces (color may vary)]], [[ASIN:B00004TJ0L Sima Lens Pen]], [[ASIN:B000PD4OOU Barska Lens Pen]] to name a few.<br /><br />And the thing is, these have all been the SAME product with a new color and label printed on it.. which isn't necessarily a bad thing, since IT WORKS. But the Amazon one is a little different (reasons below).<br /><br />First, about the lenspen - it's similar in size to a \\"paint marker\\" or a beefy Sharpie. It's even got a clip to go onto your pocket. It's got 2 ends - one is the brush-end which retracts into the pen by default (see the yellow switch on the photo? slide it up to make the brush come out.. slide back down to hide it when not in use).<br /><br />The other end is a circular disc - this side has a cap on it to keep it clean.. the cap also has some \\"magic\\" in it that keeps the disc ready to clean. To use, put the cap on, give the pen a twist or two and then un-cap it. Wipe the lens with the disc to clear off any smudges, fingerprints, dust, etc.. then re-cap it until needed again.<br /><br />So why is this so great? Well..<br /><br />* It's compact (fits in a bag, your pocket, anywhere).<br />* It's got 2 tools (brush and cleaning piece)<br />* It's cheap! 5-10 bucks<br />* It's been \\"tried and tested\\" for years, recommended by almost all that try it.<br /><br />I tried the lens papers before and was always terrified the paper would scratch my lenses. I tried the microfibers, but they often made things worse (if you got a fingerprint on the lens, the cloth would often just smudge it around and not really get rid of it). I've heard horror stories with the liquids. The air-blowers ([[ASIN:B00017LSPI Giottos AA1900 Rocket Air Blaster Large (Black)]] ) are great, but hardly something you want to carry around all day because of the size.<br /><br />So whats the difference between the LENSPEN and the AMAZON LENSPEN?<br /><br />The LENSPEN is a bit longer and thicker than the AMAZON version. The original LENSPEN also has a slightly wider \\"disc\\" end (helpful for bigger lenses). The AMAZON LENSPEN uses a smaller disc which can work better for smaller/compact camera lenses that the original LENSPEN might be too big for. More importantly, the AMAZON LENSPEN's disc flips around to have a triangle-tip.. this lets you get into small areas like the cameras viewfinder to clean that out.. for that alone, I bought 2 of these. The downside is that since the tip-piece is reversible (opposed to the original LENSPEN which uses a built-in tip) is that the tip sometimes comes off with the cap.<br /><br />See what's important to you - a bigger \\"disc\\" area or one that can be used for smaller lenses and viewfinders and choose either a regular lenspen or amazon one from there.<br /><br />These are usually rated to last a year or regular use, but I end up getting a couple a year to keep them \\"fresh\\", clean and in all my bags.all day because of the size.        So whats the difference between the LENSPEN and the AMAZON LENSPEN?    The LENSPEN is a bit longer and thicker than the AMAZON version. The original LENSPEN also has a slightly wider \\"disc\\" end (helpful for bigger lenses). The AMAZON LENSPEN uses a smaller disc which can work better for smaller/compact camera lenses that the original LENSPEN might be too big for. More importantly, the AMAZON LENSPEN's disc flips around to have a triangle-tip.. this lets you get into small areas like the cameras viewfinder to clean that out.. for that alone, I bought 2 of these. The downside is that since the tip-piece is reversible (opposed to the original LENSPEN which uses a built-in tip) is that the tip sometimes comes off with the cap.    See what's important to you - a bigger \\"disc\\" area or one that can be used for smaller lenses and viewfinders and choose either a regular lenspen or amazon one from there.    These are usually rated to last a year or regular use, but I end up getting a couple a year to keep them \\"fresh\\", clean and in all my bags.
B0044CBMXE|5.0|I am a fan of Bones, all the way. It's a great show and I love that I can now watch it on Amazon when I miss live episodes. I have grown to love all the characters and will pull for the Bones and Booth romance until the end!! I hate that Booth has met someone, especially because they are trying to write her into the show, it seems, but I guess they can't give up that easily. The moment they finally get these two together, a lot of the passion could be lost, and they know it.    Humor, mystery, sex and gore...this show has the perfect combination. But I am a Bones fan and may be a bit biased...
0440241901|4.0|If I were to guess Sophie Kinsella's character through the female protagonists in her novel, I'd say she is a very funny woman. As in her other books, I had a great laugh in a lot of scenes in this novel. The story is about Emma Corrigan who, like a lot of us have tiny, little secrets that by some circumstances were spilled out on national tv! That is actually the reason why my rating is one star short of the highest - couldn't imagine that kind of spilling happening in real life.
B000001FQ4|5.0|The BEST sounding version of Night Life that I've ever listened to. When I heard people complaining about the sound quality of the CD release of Nightlife, I understood. It wasn't the finest sounding master, but THIS! Oh god this. This sounds fantastic. Almost as if a sheet has been pulled off of a couple of speakers. It's that much of an improvement. The vocals are crisp and clear, the drums hit hard, and the bass is nice and meaty without being too overwhelming. Disc 2, oh goodness.<br /><br />  Full of rarities and goodies that any Lizzy fan would go insane over. The demos with Gary Moore aren't exactly pristine sound quality but it's understandable for such old tapes, and they're a treat to listen to. As a man who's listened to and abundance of Lizzy bootlegs, I don't really mind. If you're not a collector and only want one copy of this album, well then by all means splurge a bit on this deluxe edition. You won't regret it. Tracklist below.<br /><br />Disc 1 (Original newly remastered album)<br /><br />1. She Knows<br />2. Night Life<br />3. It's Only Money<br />4. Still In Love With You<br />5. Frankie Carrol<br />6. Showdown<br />7. Banshee<br />8. Philomena<br />9. Sha-La-La<br />10. Dear Heart<br /><br />Disc 2<br /><br />1. She Knows (BBC Session 10/3/1974)<br />2. Sha La La (BBC Session 10/3/1974)<br />3. It's Only Money (BBC Session 10/3/1974)<br />4. Philomena (BBC Session 10/3/1974)<br />5. Dear Heart (BBC Session 10/3/1974)<br />6. Banshee (BBC Session 10/3/1974)<br />7. Showdown (Demo With Gary Moore)<br />8. Still In Love With You (Demo With Gary Moore)<br />9. It's Only Money (Demos With Gary Moore)<br />10. Showdown (Unreleased Alternate Take)<br />11. Still In Love With You (Unreleased Alternate Take)
B004P9FAK2|1.0|I guess I shouldn't be surprised. As you know, Warner Brothers has officially announced the Ultimate Editions of years 5 and 6. The product descriptions are quite wordy. There's a lot of talk about how fans should be excited about these new releases. But there are two words missing from the descriptions of both these products: Extended. Cut.    These are the words that sold me in the beginning. The promise of seeing extended cuts of the HP films was enough for me (and many, MANY other fans) to double dip and get the Ultimate SS and CoS Blu-rays. And you know what? There were worth it. Not because of the endless array of worthless swag packed into over-size boxes. I mean, seriously... Anybody out there framing their lenticular cards and hanging them over their mantles? I didn't think so. But I digress...    What sold me and so many other fans was the extended cuts. And so I began collecting the Ultimate Editions. And what excited me even more was the idea of more extended cuts to come, especially for The Order of the Phoenix.    Then PoA and GoF Ultimate Editions came out, and of course, there were no extended cuts. And Warner Bros. spun us a tale of directors and their creative preferences. And so, we all said \\"fair enough\\" (although I, for one, never quite bought that explanation). Still, I had hopes for OotP and HBP. Director David Yates is on record talking about having to cut 45 minutes from The Order of the Phoenix. And yet, here we are again with no extended cut to speak of. I'm sure the studio will spin us a tale of how busy Yates has been with the final installment of the franchise, thus making it impossible to return to these previous films and give the fans what they want: An official ultimate collector's replica of a square of Hogwart's Toilet Paper.    Oh, I meant AN EXTENDED CUT.    Now, I understand Warner Bros. desire to get these editions on the shelves before the final film hits theaters. As for me, I would gladly wait a year for these editions if it meant getting to see extended cuts of the films. But this is not about the fans. This is about the bottom line. If the WB can get a half-@$$ product onto the shelves sooner, and therefore presumably make more money in the final season of Potter movie mania, then who cares what the fans want? We will buy anything with the word Ultimate in front of it. Or maybe not.
1591843790|5.0|Enchantment is exploring the human elements of the organizations that are seeking to prosper and create value and meaning for themselves and for their communities. Being liked and Being trusted - sounds simple but often undervalued in organizations today. The chapters are well organized and there are practical elements that one can follow toward enchantment. In addition, the real stories in every chapter add a definite reality to this entire topic. Another brilliant piece by Guy.
B003WTE886|2.0|\\"Back to December\\", and \\"Mine\\" are fun catchy tunes, but the rest I can do without.  I bought the album for these songs, but the rest of the album leaves a lot to be desired.    Her songs all sound the same, and her voice is mediocre, at best.  Taylor seems to specialize in teeny-bop pop, with a tiny hint of country.  She doesn't sound even close to being as refined as older, more talented country-pop artists.  The amount of whiny toons about past boyfriends doing her wrong gets old.  While I find some of her songs catchy, she is no where close to the same league as Faith Hill, etc.
0393338827|4.0|Best selling author, Michael Lewis, has built his reputation on writing thoughtful books that provide insights into their subject matter but don't get bogged down by the heaviness of the topic. In \\"The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine\\", Lewis lives up to his reputation, by educating and entertaining his audience. Another in a long list of books about the 2008 Financial Crisis, \\"The Big Short\\" stands out by providing more than just a rehashing of the events, by putting the spotlight on some of the lesser known investors that saw the meltdown coming, Lewis adds an additional dimension to the story, and seeks to entertain the reader with a cast of characters who have been relatively unnoticed in their success. With the exception of Dr. Burry (who is also featured in Greg Zuckerman's \\"The Greatest Trade Ever\\"), the people highlighted are not household names. The book is an easy read, it stays focused on the key events and in doing so it becomes a relatively short book (under 300 pages) that provides an enlightened account of the mortgage meltdown in a way that even those who do not have a technical background in finance can understand. The author doesn't get too hung up on explaining the nuances of the complex investment products that led to the mess, a refreshing change from other books on the topic. Overall I found the book easy to read and highly entertaining.
B001EYGOEM|2.0|Bought this for \\"Love Story\\", and \\"You Belong To Me\\".  In my opinion these are the good songs on this album.      After listening, I would say \\"White Horse\\" is slightly above average.    The rest of the stuff is hard to listen to.  A lot of teeny-bop pop, and monotonous style song after song.    Taylor's voice is below average, and her age shows (compare her to the more established country-pop artists, and there is no comparison).    The album in my view gets a \\"D\\" overall.  \\"Love Story\\", and \\"You Belong To Me\\" are worth the price of admission, so it barely passes...  but at a poor level.
1416955070|4.0|I read this book after my sister-in-law recommended it and was very pleased. It is definitely a book for younger readers but still great nonetheless. I would have to say that my only complaint was in the end the love story part takes on a horrid twist and was a little disappointing/disturbing but who knows what Cassandra has cooked up in the next books:)
0977326403|5.0|This section that Jim Collins wrote should be mandatory for the social sector.  I am in higher education as well as secondary education and the knowledge that I gained will be invaluable as I try to help drive more assessments and metrics into education.
0783226888|5.0|I got the movie in a timely manner, and it was in the exact condition they said-Brand New!! I was really happy with the whole process.
B004G5ZXVQ|5.0|Whether you are a fan or not, this album will definetely please you, my dear rocker friend. Beautiful, powerful and \\"accessible\\" songs, glittering like gold above the majority of mediocre, or even \\"weird\\", \\"pseudo-artistic\\" alternative rock songs from today.
1591843790|5.0|I've recently finished reading an advanced copy of Guy Kawasaki's new book, Enchantment: The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions. It has already become the \\"New Testament\\" of my bible; together with The Art of the Start it tells me exactly what I need to know to start and grow a cause, which Guy defines as \\"your product, service, company, or idea\\".    All of us, no matter what we do for a living, how poor or wealthy we may be, or what we want to accomplish, will at some point need to influence another person's heart, mind or action. In Enchantment, Guy takes the same simple, concise, well-written approach to influence he took to entrepreneurship in Art of the Start. The brilliance of his writing is its directness; there are no philosophies or mental gymnastics to understand what he's saying. It just, \\"Do this and good things happen. Don't do that or bad things happen. Here are examples.\\"
B0002KQNJU|5.0|I have been watching this movie since I was a kid.  my kinda humor, my kinda movie. I had my own recorded off the tv version, decided it was time for the real thing.  very interesting to see how it was edited for tv.  I really like the un cut stuff that comes with having the dvd, stuff I have never seen before, although I still like my recorded version, complete with commercials from the early 80's and narrated by elvira.  I reccomend this to anyone who likes classic comic horror movies.
B0001XALT6|4.0|In the career of Sylvester Stallone (the star of Cop Land) he has been known as the tough big-muscled action guy. Up until 1997, which was when \\"Cop Land\\" was released he was defined as \\"Rocky\\" and \\"Rambo.\\" Through his career, Stallone has tried branching out into comedy with films like \\"Oscar\\" and \\"Stop or My Mom Will Shoot.\\" This experiment failed. When Stallone signed on to do \\"Cop Land\\" there was one condition: He must gain 40 pounds. This was going to be a very difficult task for Stallone to complete, but like any dedicated actor, he fulfilled this task. Despite being uncomfortable with his physical shape, Sylvester Stallone does a great job in this film.    \\"Cop Land\\" is set in a fictional town called Garrison, New Jersey, located across the Hudson River from New York. Garrison is town where a large part of the population is made up of Cops who work in the City. The Sheriff of Garrison is Freddy Heflin. Freddy is a very quiet, over-weight man. He knows most everyone in Garrison. Freddy's desire is to be a city Cop with the rest of his friends, but because of his bad ear he cannot make the force.  The plot of \\"Cop Land\\" is about Murray 'Superboy' Babitch.  Lt. Ray Donlan's nephew from his wife's side gets sideswiped on George Washington Bridge by a couple of African-American teens. Thinking that they had fired a gun at him, he returns fire and they are killed in an ensuing crash. Worried about this, Ray decides to fake 'superboy's' death by saying he jumped off the bridge. Ray decides to take 'superboy' into Garrison where Sherriff Freddy Heflin must decide whether or not he will turn his back on this case, or pursue it.    The only bad thing I have to say about \\"Cop Land\\", is that it gets a little slow at times, but I believe this is due to the directors attempt of character development. The plot and acting in this film however is great, lead by Sylvester Stallone, Harvey Keitel, Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, and Robert Patrick.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|Even though the Human Span is best understood by looking Backward, we must live by going Forward.  Ad Astra, per Aspera!
B00475AYJQ|5.0|Personally I favor urban fantasy. I like the depth and challenge the writer has to be willing to face to make the fantasy fit believably into a modern world.    But this? Here Patrick Rothfuss creates his own world of fantasy, and then creates and even greater fantasy that starts to stretch the world's seams in the same way an urban fantasy does. I picked up this book and couldn't put it down till I finished it before the day was out. That is a testament to this work not a mark against it. If I find a book truly captivating I can usually finish it in hours, not almost a full day.     The depth and detail he provides to this world is amazing. He has enough side story and detail that this could easily be stretched to the length of the Wheel of Time series, but lacking it's glacial pace this story has the ability to surpass that work in my top ten list. I will be very disappointed if this work is left as a trilogy, but only because this is a series I would never stop reading.
0375842209|5.0|There is no denying words are powerful and voices indeed mesmerizes thus we always remember the era of Hitler.  But if indeed such is the case, The Book Thief is truly an amazing book to read!    I first heard of this book thief whilst I was researching facts on another author and stumbled on an article about the writings of Markus Zusak complete with a photo of a very young author, one who certainly could not just \\"remember\\".  But I nearly forgot...To remember is also to witness and this was a story to be told!  You do not have to be somewhere physically to remember but it is however important that once you learn, you tell others about it.  Always forgive, never forget said my Grand Father.    Death toll for the Second World War I am told is over 60 million souls. To list a few, United Kingdom 450,700 , Belgium 86,100, Germany 6,777,000 to 8,863,000, Russia 23,954,000, United States 418,500, including 6 millions Jews, or roughly 78 % of all Europeans Jews.  Powerful words and mesmerizing voices are responsible for such a senseless destruction.    I was fourteen years old when I first read the Diary of Anne Frank and seventeen when I read The Hiding place by Corrie ten Boom.  I'll never forget The Boy who wore striped pajamas.  I remember snippets of conversation, numbers on a wrist, a language which sounded like music, missing people, crumbled walls and even bullet holes.  Yet I was born in the next generation.  Thus continues a legacy... Forgive, don't forget...    The Book Thief is the amazing story of a young girl named Liesel growing up in Germany's wartime era. Her father is a communist, her mother is in trouble with the Nazi party and her little brother soon dies.  She is sent to live with her foster parents Hans and Rosa Hubermann in Himmel street and befriends amongst other children, a boy named Rudy who is in love with her and becomes her best friend.  Theirs are a poor life and hunger their constant companion. Both children are also members of the HitlerYouth movement.    Books are a rare commodity in Nazi Germany, and Hans or Papa, teaches Liesel to read whilst writing on the basement wall and playing his accordion.    The book is written from Death's point of view -quite a novelty - and we discover Liesel will eventually meet Death 4 times.    During these harsh times, Liesel's foster parents hide a Jewish fist fighter in their basement and thus begins a friendship betwixt the young girl and the man called Max.    As the story unravels, we learn what it truly was to live in Hitler's Germany until one day, Hans Hubermann gives a morsel of bread to a Jew on the road to Dachau and tragedy strikes.    As I have stated before, there is a very fine line betwixt reviewing a book and giving all the facts, thus withholding the opportunity for anyone to discover for themselves a fine book.    This book is rated as Young Adult material but I am convinced any adult will discover in it a world rarely even acknowledged.  The original format, the 550 pages, the words of the narrator alone - \\" I am haunted by Humans\\" - makes this a powerful message to be read not just by young people!  This is the kind of book that at the end, you close, rest your hand on its cover and just feel with your heart as well as your mind.    Always forgive, never forget!  Such a simple message, and a hard earned one at the cost of over 60 million souls...
0439023521|5.0|I think that The Hunger Games is a great book. In fact I'm holding back the best I can to not go ahead and read the other two books in the series because I have to remember THIS book, The Hunger Games in order to write this review accurately for this school report.       The Hunger Games is extremely addictive, in almost every review people talk about how they couldn't put it down, with good reason. It is non-stop action, you're constantly at the edge of your seat waiting for the next big unexpected thing to happen.     The Hunger Games is suspenseful. For example, 24 teenagers are put in an arena to fight to the death, keep in mind that they are TEENAGERS, so they're young and unpredictable and they are fighting to the death, so their decisions might be a little off.      The Hunger Games has something for everyone, adventure, a tiny bit of horror, action, suspense, romance, drama, and even a little humor. (This is on the back, I don't want to give too much away) From things like \\"Sixteen-year-old Katniss Everdeen regards it as a death sentence when she steps forward to take her sister's place in the games.\\" To other points of the story line like \\"If she is to win, she will have to start making choices that weigh survival against humanity and life against love.\\"      If I had to make up one quote up for this incredibly great book it would be:  \\"The entire book is climax.\\"    All my friends told me that this book, along with the rest of the series, is great. Now having read the book, I agree. Top 5 material.
B002T921DE|5.0|I loved it! It reminded me of his show I caught in Las Vegas. My kids and I live to dance to it! It's great cardio!
B0049P1ZZQ|4.0|All it takes for society to fall apart are a couple of zombies who can infect everyone else and that, perhaps, is why Frank Darabont's TV version of the popular graphic novel resonates so clearly; it's about how precarious our existence truly is and the irony in the title for the survivors of this massive catastrophe is clear--THEY are truly \\"The Walking Dead\\" of the title--one step away from becoming denizens of zombieville and spelling the end of the line for humanity if they can't survive.<br /><br />The Blu-ray looks extremely good--\\"The Walking Dead\\" was shot on 16mm film and, as a result, is quite grainy but that only adds to the \\"reality\\" of the series. The digital transfer keeps the series \\"look\\" as it was presented on AMC intact. Colors are nice throughout and although the show looks a bit soft that appears to be intentional.<br /><br />If amazon is still filing this under DVD as well I can't comment on the DVD picture quality but have been told it looks quite good.<br /><br />The extras are quite nice for the show--there's nothing on the first disc but disc two of the Blu-ray is packed with goodies. We get a 30 minute documentary that focuses on the creation and development of the series.<br /><br />\\"Behind the Scenes Zombie Make-Up Tips\\" is a clever short that let's us in on what it takes to make a zombie.<br /><br />We also get half a dozen short pieces that take us behind-the-scenes on specific episodes.<br /><br />\\"Zombie School\\" demonstrates the training it takes to get people act like the undead.<br /><br />\\"Bicycle Girl\\" gives us the background on the creation of one memorable zombie in particular and we get an 11 minute featurette on the Comic Con panel presentation of the show.<br /><br />We also get \\"On Set with Andrew Lincoln\\" letting the actor discuss his character. \\"Hanging With Steve Yeun\\", \\"On Set With Robert Kirkman\\"(the graphic artist who created the original print version) and \\"Inside Dale's RV\\" each run about four minutes and are self explanatory featurettes.<br /><br />Could this set have been better? Sure--if we had a couple of commentary tracks from the writers/producers/directors that might have given us some additional \\"meat\\" to \\"bite into\\" and learn about the production of the series. Nevertheless, this is an extremely good set that fans of the series will enjoy. It's a pity the first season was so short and that fans have to wait so long for the new season to start. I'm just hungry for more.--if we had a couple of commentary tracks from the writers/producers/directors that might have given us some additional \\"meat\\" to \\"bite into\\" and learn about the production of the series. Nevertheless, this is an extremely good set that fans of the series will enjoy. It's a pity the first season was so short and that fans have to wait so long for the new season to start. I'm just hungry for more.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|The action is a little over the top but then everything else is too.  Blood, violence, sex, gore and repeat.  Throw in some Machiavellian intrigue where heads of households (and their wives) jockey for favor.  Then add some historical context for good measure.  Add it all up and it makes for a very compelling series.
B000Q66JXA|4.0|\\"Excalibur\\" remains a fun, campy, tongue-in-cheek and exciting retelling of the Arthur legend. John Boorman might not have been the first person to spring to mind when thinking about retelling the story of King Arthur, Excalibur and Merlin. After all this is the director who gave us \\"Point Blank\\" and \\"Deliverance\\". On the other hand, he also gave us \\"Zardoz\\" which shares many of the same qualities as \\"Excalibur\\" but with a bigger budget and without Sean Connery running around with a gun in a big red diaper.<br /><br />Boorman turned to Malory's tale when his plans to shoot \\"Lord of the Rings\\" fell through and you can see the influence that Malory's version of Arthur had on Tolkein's books.<br /><br />This is the rated \\"R\\" version. It hasn't been edited Amazon originally had this as rated PG that was incorrect.<br /><br />The Blu-ray transfer looks quite nice. I wouldn't call this a demo quality Blu-ray but it is a big upgrade over the previous DVD version (which came out around the time that DVDs were first introduced). The colors postively pop compared to the previous DVD but keep in mind that image quality is quite soft for a lot of the film and that was quite intentional and the way the film was shot. Detail is still a large improvement over the DVD (particularly noticeable on larger screen monitors).The film looks quite grainy in some scenes more than other.<br /><br />Audio sounds quite nice although most of the activity is located in the front speakers.<br /><br />The big complaint is that we don't get any new extras for the film. The original commentary track by John Boorman is intact. It would have been nice to get an updated featurettes with some of the actors that first appeared in this film such as Patrick Stewart (\\"Star Trek: The Next Generation\\"), Helen Mirren, Gabriel Byrne, Liam Neeson and, of course, the scenery chewing Nicol Williamson who makes Merlin a heck of a lot of fun in this big screen version of the Arthurian legend adapted from Thomas Malory's work. There is a remake in the works so perhaps we'll see a deluxe version then but in the meantime we'll have to make due with this version which fans of the film will enjoy.ry's work. There is a remake in the works so perhaps we'll see a deluxe version then but in the meantime we'll have to make due with this version which fans of the film will enjoy.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|Ok, so I'm not the first to notice that the bezel sensitivity leaves something to be desired.  If my fingers are too dry it doesn't notice, if they're wet it also causes problems -- and the other night it started raining on my way home and the watch thought every raindrop was someone pressing the bezel so I had to take it off and cup it in my hand to stop the beeping until I got home (NOTE - I learned from the manual after returning home that you can lock the bezel by pressing the two buttons on the side at the same time).  I bought the watch knowing that it had shortcomings because I didn't want a 2010 version of the wristwatch/calculator to log my runs with.<br /><br />GPS takes time to acquire the satellites sometimes, but nothing awful.  And the software is lacking, but again not horrible.  And as I rated in the optional above almost all features are great other than the bezel (I was fairly critical in my star ratings).  So even with a two star bezel rating, the overall watch is a solid 4 to 4.5 stars in my mind.
B003BWQDKA|5.0|I have had this album for a couple years but just purchased the vinyl.  Love the sound of this record.  Cool bonus, the vinyl comes with free mp3 download of the whole album.  Great Stuff!
B0028MBKVG|5.0|Wow, after years of being lazy this book finally inspired me to get out and start running again.  It's very rare that I read a book cover to cover in a day, but this is one that you just can't put down.  The passion that McDougall put into writing the book is evident, and his style is great.  When I bought the book I was thinking it was going to be about how some group of super athletes were born to run, but he makes a great case that we all are born to run.  Now stop reading and buy it, or get out there and run!
1433502410|1.0|My name is Allen.  I have owned this study bible for a little over a year.  I really enjoy the translation, as I believe it is faithful to the original texts.  It has helped me over the last year, and if it weren't for the commentary, I would not be setting this bible down.  The commentary is clearly biased in favor of Calvinism.  (I would recommend one to study this subject on their own.  In short, Calvinists believe God selected certain individuals He wants with Him in Heaven, and at the same time, selected the rest to perish in eternal Hell.) God's grace is for all men.  Not universalism.  Not all men are being saved, but all men have the option of Hope and salvation through faith, by the grace of God.  In the commentary, it will persuade the reader that this hope and salvation is not provided for all men.  Which is blasphemy.  It doesn't take much poison to make something fatal.  There are traces of this poison throughout the commentary.    The translation will be a great resource to many.  A great Bible without the commentary.  Thank you ESV for your hard work in the translation.  No thank you for your interpretation.  I understand a commentary is just that, an interpretation.  I neutral balanced interpretation would be appreciated. God Bless.
B002LVVCQM|5.0|This was actually the first book I got on my Kindle on Christmas.  And I must admit, it's well worth the cost.  Dawkins presents a great argument, and the photographs and illustrations are a great addition to the Kindle edition.  Any other books (and I mean the free ones) you don't get to see any of the original illustrations they had (i.e. almost every free Darwin book they have).  And I'll admit, there are some parts that seem strung-out, but the true argument is in how broadly natural selection has been shown in action. Heck, if anybody looks, everybody can observe the mutability of living populations and ecosystems.  In fact, I actually did a little statistics project that actually plots the evolution of reproduction rates in grasses in North America.  In all, it's more of a recapitulation of what we've all learned about natural selection from our school days and in recent years. Entertaining as well as informative, I'd definitely recommend it.
B001P9EQH8|1.0|This product is a HUGE waste of money. Luckily I only paid 20 bucks for it. The bass boost is non existent and the only thing it does is increase the volume. That is all.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|This is not a series that was written by the book. This is, after all, a television show, and they do meld and mix certain events/people together to create a nice flow to the series. It's not a documentary, it's creative license with history for the sake of entertainment. I think people are upset because of the fact that they DO follow certain chains of events with historical accuracy. If they had just made every single part up, no one would be upset, but no one would be interested in it either.<br /><br />It also makes you wonder about what actually happened in the day-to-day lives of the Tudors, and what people's actual motivations were. After all, while some things in this story are completely made up, some are completely true. They finely blend truth and fiction, and to me, that's part of the fun. While watching an episode, (unless you are a history buff, which I am not) you get to actively think and wonder which parts are real. Personally, I loved watching a few episodes, and then researching the time period that was covered in those episodes, and finding out what was true. Sometimes I was surprised at what was actually the truth!<br /><br />Some people are complaining that there are those idiots out there that will think it's all real. Well, they think a lot of things are real. For the most part, I think it sparks an interest in those who, like me, were uninterested before.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|This is a wicked cd. It is wonderful music with poetic and interesting lyrics.  I found myself being swept away with each song. Talented seems to be a word that fails to embrace all that these guys give through their talents. I say let yourself go and and enjoy the ride. It is money well spent and I am a penny pincher. ;) Good day.
0375507256|5.0|This is the kind of book you can't think too much about as you're reading it; the stories link into one another organically, sometimes so subtly it takes awhile to realize how deep the connections actually go.  For me this book was less about the characters than about masterful storytelling and David Mitchell's amazing writing style.  He clearly knows what he's doing the whole way through and creates worlds to draw readers in, making us desperate to learn what happens next and how new links will be made.      Of all the settings, the science fiction about the rebellious clone sticks with me the most - it is a compelling idea and a very believable character.  Images from that one stuck in my mind long after I finished the book.  However, each of the stories is essential to the interwoven web that is Cloud Atlas, and they all are engaging in very different ways.      I couldn't stop reading this book and devoured it the whole way through.  It was a roller coaster ride to the end, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to be amazed by an expert storyteller.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I have had this watch a few weeks now and I think it is great.  I love knowing my exact distance and pace while I'm running.  Just knowing my pace at the glance of the watch is helping me to run even faster.  Haven't used the heart monitor yet or downloaded the software cause I mainly care about knowing my distance and pace and any time.
0920668364|5.0|With two grown sons with children of their own I am always looking for gifts with meaning.  I found it in this book. This year, this book was their Valentine's Day gift.   My youngest son's wife cried and said that he would have to read it to their young girls...and my oldest son had his wife text me to tell me how special it was.  I gave this daughter-in law a copy for her to give to their only son when she was ready. Thank you for sharing my heart.
B00475AYJQ|4.0|I have, like many, been anxiously awaiting this book.  I honestly thought Name of the Wind was the best novel (not just fantasy novel) I'd read in many years.  I followed the discussion on Pat's blog, and bought this one on the first day of release.  So, all that said, this is a fantastic novel, but, falls slightly short of the first book.  I think in many ways this is simply the curse of the \\"middle\\" story in a sequel.  The first book has all the worldbuilding that makes reading fantasy so much fun, plus introduces all the characters that will be with you throughout.  The third book (with any luck) wraps everything up and you finally get the answers you've been waiting so long for.  The second book...well, it can sometimes feel like its just a bunch of things that happened, and in the case of Wise Man's Fear, the \\"end\\" seems kind of like a random stopping place, like \\"OK, 994 pages is enough thanks, now wait a year for the next installment.\\"  Still a great book, just maybe not going to make my top 5 of all time list.
0307454541|5.0|Got it for a friend serving abroad so have only read  a bit, but what I have seen is fantastic!!
0066211697|3.0|You know how when you read a short book and you think \\"why am I so lazy in writing my novel? I could do this.\\" THis is that kind of book. MOre like a novella than a novel, this book involves a girl, her father and his serious girlfriend. The girl doesn't know why the father decides to get married when he had a good thing going as a playboy but he does and the woman is alternately controlling and sweet. MOstly she just tries to be the parent that the protagonist never had.    It ends badly.    While some will say that this is deceptively simple, but actually it's pretty simple. A girl hates her stepmother. But she feels bad about it. THen they seem to get along when she is a little more reflective. Then the potential stepmother does something else.    It's short. It's pretty light. She was 18 when she wrote it so that's impressive but it's not particularly insightful or deep.
1591843790|5.0|This book has a deceptively radical premise. The goal of all interactions is not to sell, not to get people to do what you want, but to delight people.  I love this idea, because so many good things follow from it. If you want to be delightful, you must smile sincerely, be trustworthy, give people the benefit of the doubt, find out people's passions and talk about them...The list goes on and on. If we all lived in the enchanting way that Kawasaki suggests, the world would indeed be a delightful place.  I was lucky to receive an advance copy of this book, and enjoyed every minute of the read. Highly recommended.
B001NLKT60|4.0|I technicaly got suckered into buying the second book since the first ended so abruptly, as did this one, so I then bought the third as well.  I've completed all three books and am only now writing reviews.  I love Salander and all her strangeness, and admittedly refuse to watch the movie a) because the sort of visual I got from the books is not an accurate reflection in the chick they cast; and b) the movie is never nearly as good as the book.  If you take this one on, be prepared, you'll need to have the second one handy immediately so that you can continue the story.  It's a good story that definitely leaves you hanging, but in a positive way.  Its nice that this series is a genuine continuation.  Not another section of this person's life, but a continuation in real time.  I would recommend this book.
1591843790|5.0|Guy has been a real inspiration to me. So often we focus on the details and the measureable. We forget that there is so much more to understanding consumers and our fellow colleagues. As Guy puts it, \\"This book is for those that see life for what it can be rather than what it can't, and are bringing to market a cause -- that is, a product, service, organization, or idea- that can make the world a better place.\\" it is for those who \\"realize that in a world of mass media, social media, and advertising media, it takes more than instant, shallow, at temporary relationships to get the job done.\\" I love Guys light and humorous style and I'm sure you'll enjoy this book as much as Reality Check!<br /><br />I aslo blogged about it here: [...]
0307454541|2.0|So, the last book in this trilogy nearly ranks as a must read, if you can manage to muddle through this book and the next.  While the second book certainly picks up, the third is the only one that is actually fast paced-ish - however, is definitely interesting.  This one, as the others, may lose something in translation perhaps?  I definitely think the overwhelmingly unnecessary detail bogs it down, along with the retelling of the same incidents 50 times throughout.  Maybe the author thought we fell asleep or SKIPPED that part, well, I skipped in the 20th time too.  I was forcing myself to read and honestly skimming parts because it was just horridly BORING.  I forced myself to read it, because a) I bought it; and b) how can it have so many good reviews, so surely it picks up.  It did get better in the last quarter of the book, but I can understand people wanting to throw in the towel.  The only reason I picked up the second one is because the end actually got good, and then it ended without actually ending. Next thing you know I'm ordering up the next.
B0026RCAGC|3.0|The singers have great voices, the sound quality is very good, I am a Birgit Nilsson bigot, the orchestra is terrific, and I think Lorin Maazel is a great conductor.  Unfortunately, the whole of this recording is less than the sum of its parts.<br /><br />It pains me to give a less than glowing recommendation to a recording with Birgit Nilsson in the cast.  Besides this recording, I am familiar with the Klemperer/Ludwig and Bernstein/Janowitz Fidelios, and I am also familiar with the Blomstedt/Moser recording of Beethoven's original \\"Leonore\\" version.<br /><br />The problem with this collaboration is that, for all the wonderful talent, and some strong moments, the overall experience is noticeably uneven.  Everyone is off or on at different times.  It rarely feels like they are in sync.  I don't mean that musically they are not on the same notes, I mean that as a team, their characterizations are not consistently illuminating.  It's as if they were individually used to performing the work in different manners, or they were not used to working together and needed another rehearsal or something.<br /><br />Nilsson is very good, but she is not able to let loose as in her Wagner, Strauss, Puccini, and Verdi recordings.  To my thinking, she's having to be cautious to not overpower the proceedings.  McCracken is a hair tentative in his great Act 2 aria, and does not sound as heroic as, say, Kollo does in the Bernstein recording. The Marzelline of Graziella Sciutti is the weakest of the cast.  She sounds very insecure, vocally, most of the time. It is a distraction for me, anyway.  Kurt Bohme, Rocco, is well known for his Wagner, and here he is good, too, but he is just not as commanding as Frick was for Klemperer.  Maazel has a firm grip on the score and gets a very tight performance from the Vienna Philharmonic.  It is a good reading, but tight is not always as dramatic or sympathetic as it could be.<br /><br />It's not a complete failure mind you.  I think that Act 2 Scene 1 is really very good and perhaps the best part of this recording.  I do listen to that repeatedly. The remastered sound quality is excellent and the Vienna Philharmonic sound great!<br /><br />But the recording I listen to and enjoy the most, by far, is still the Klemperer/Ludwig recording.  And as that has been remastered very successfully, it has to remain the first recommendation instead.rhaps the best part of this recording.  I do listen to that repeatedly. The remastered sound quality is excellent and the Vienna Philharmonic sound great!      But the recording I listen to and enjoy the most, by far, is still the Klemperer/Ludwig recording.  And as that has been remastered very successfully, it has to remain the first recommendation instead.
0553584537|4.0|A fast read, great twists, not entirely predictable, however, a couple of things were. Poignant detail, not overdone, not verbose.  I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone that enjoys series reading.  I don't typically, however the characters are very realistic and you feel like they are people you know.  Some detestable, others quite likable.  It really works to keep the momentum. I look forward to reading other books in this series.
0061564893|4.0|It is so easy!  Order the book from Amazon on internet.  Pay with Visa.  Forget about it until received in mail.  Open package and read.    Dave Bartlett
030726999X|4.0|I could not give this a full 5 stars because well, its not finished.  The story ends, but not neatly.  I realize it is due to the author's untimely demise, but I need closure! I love the characters.  Well in some instances love-hate.  I think this was the most fast paced of the trilogy.  If you read The Girl that Played With Fire, you HAVE GOT TO read this one.  It picks up immediately where the other left off.  There are definitely some unexpected events, things it seems authors rarely do.  There are many things I would like to say, but fear spoiling it for others, so I will refrain.  I must also add that you cannot simply just start off reading this book and expect to understand the nature of the relationships that exist in this book. I would highly recommend it if you have already read the two preceding books.
1595141715|4.0|From everything I've heard about Jay Asher, if anyone deserves a bestseller based on hard work and character alone, he absolutely does. As far as [[ASIN:1595141715 Thirteen Reasons Why]] goes, I have mixed feelings when I recommend it to friends and other people I know who work with high school and college students. This is an important book for everyone to read because of the all too real rash of suicides related to bullying or other tragic experiences teens suffer through every day. Their stories need to be told, and we need to remember.<br /><br />Jay Asher's innovative choice of structure for Thirteen Reasons gives us insight directly into the thoughts and feelings of Hannah Baker, who is already dead, but speaks to the thirteen people she holds responsible for her decision to end her life through a set of tapes. I'll bet you can already guess how many sides of tapes they listen to! The narrative alternates between Hannah's recordings and Clay's reactions and memories. Clay is the classic nice guy who was in love with Hannah from the first time he met her and always believed she was better than her reputation. I'd tell you more about her reputation, but that would be giving too much away.<br /><br />After finishing this book, I had some concerns, and that's why I can't bring myself to give it five stars. The most important concern being that I don't think it ever addresses the fact that Hannah's decision to commit suicide was just that. It was her decision and she was ultimately responsible for choosing to do that instead of finding another way to deal with what was happening to her. The other concern is that we're supposed to believe that Clay loves Hannah and yet it's clear that he never knew her, and, his feelings for her were contingent upon her not living up to her reputation. I understand wanting to think the best of people we like, but I'm not big on conditional love in literature, especially when it comes from one of the good guys.<br /><br />I hope a lot of people enjoy this book, and I hope it prompts discussions. It would be even better if it prompted more people in high school to try to show more kindness once in a while.ook, and I hope it prompts discussions. It would be even better if it prompted more people in high school to try to show more kindness once in a while.
B000B8IA2G|5.0|A lot of SG1 fans (and I am one of the fans of the older series too) seem to have initial problems making the transition to Stargate Atlantis, expecting more of the same, just taking place somewhere else. Whereas, during the various seasons some episodes have the same \\"away mission\\" feel, I found the Atlantis world to be so complete, that I quickly stopped comparing. The characters are \\"deep\\", some far from heroes, but really human (and the interaction containing a lot of humour) and the Atlantis universe full of discoveries to be made, races and civilisations to meet. I enjoyed starting to watch Atlantis so much, I bought all the following seasons and (together with my wife) spent many late evening \\"is there time to watch just one more....\\", just like a good book that you just can not lay down till you have gotten to the last page.
B0034G4OVS|2.0|I ask myself how movies like this get made and I can't come up with an answer. The plot, what there is of one, is three friends talk their way on one more lift ride at a ski resort. The employee that let them on is called away and the person who takes his place shuts down the lift stranding the three friends in midair.<br /><br />They talk... a LOT in badly written inane dialog. I expect this was supposed to be a psychological thriller where we watch three people in an impossible situation come unraveled. Personally I was nearly bored to tears and hoping for an alien invasion or some cannibalism, action of any kind. I was, for the most part, sorely disappointed.<br /><br />There's wolves that didn't act in any way like real wolves do. I don't want to give away the few bits of the movie that weren't boring dialog or bad acting or filler shots of trees. So I'll just leave it at that, there were wolves. Watch the movie if you want to know what they do, it's the only ten minutes or so that weren't utterly terrible... just unbelievable.<br /><br />I found this to be tediously boring, annoying, badly written and poorly acted. The scenery was filmed well and pretty. I enjoyed the odd angle shots of the lift house machinery in operation. This was one movie I regret sitting through.
B003R0LBVW|1.0|I've been trying to read this book for three weeks but find I lack the motivation to even pick up my kindle.  I have loaded new books on my Kindle in anticipation of finally finishing this tedious, boring, unrealistice book of wacked out emotionally feeble characters.  Ugh, finishing this book is like trying to get over the flu!
B0043KK4N6|5.0|I loved this soundtrack!  I'm not even a huge Cher or Christina Aguilera fan!  I don't own a single ablum by either of them, but this was AWESOME!  It's a grea mix of sultry jazzy style music and modern pop.  I would totally recommend!
B004G600A4|5.0|Well many people think that the \\"gay bar\\" is revolting but they just need to fix their heads. It's a scene showing that not all men are alike. The men are wanting to follow their dreams!! Come on really it's not revolting. Has Disney pumped out better movies yes but rapunzel's story isn't all that exciting. They have made it MUCH better than the story books. I personally think that it's a good movie to take your kids too because it shows them that if you follow your dreams they take you places and you meet people that you'll never forget. Forget all those other bad reviews those people are just jealous because they didn't think of the idea to make the movie themselves!!!!
B004FGMV0W|2.0|I was super excited to get Avril's new album as I am a huge fan of hers.  I was dissapointed, all of the songs with the exception of \\"What the Hell\\" are ballads. Don't get me wrong I love her other ballads...but an ablum full of them? Plus I started to feel like I was listening to 1 long song as they all started to sound the same. It didn't have that punk rock meets girlie feel Avril is known for and what her fans like me love her for.  The lyrics have meaning and obviously come from the heart as usual, I just would have like to have seen a better mix.  But I'm a huge fan and still love her, dispite the fact that this album didn't do it for me as much as others.
1591843790|5.0|Enchantment is the culmination of Mr. Kawasaki's life work. Between the covers of the book you will find the methods he used to help market the Macintosh. You will find what helps him launch new companies. You'll see how ideas are taken from a person's head into the \\"collective consciousness.\\"<br /><br />You'll find the heart and soul of Guy Kawasaki.<br /><br />From achieving \\"likability\\" to using technology to how to enchant your boss, Mr. Kawasaki leaves no stone unturned as he details for you how, as Steve Wozniak is quoted on the cover of the book, \\"to create a company as enchanting as Apple.\\"<br /><br />In Enchantment, Mr. Kawasaki makes frequent reference to two books: Influence by Robert Cialdini and How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie. The latter is about making and keeping relationships with people and the former is about persuading people so that you get what you want.<br /><br />By using those two \\"ingredients\\" and adding his own special flavoring, Mr. Kawasaki creates \\"enchantment\\" -- that state of having people interested in you, your company, and what you're doing. It's more than winning a friend and it's not as immediate as persuasion. It's a long-term relationship built on trust.<br /><br />In short, it's marketing in an age when just one dissatisfied customer can use the power of the Internet to air grievances and voice complaints -- and those will echo far and wide (and perhaps forever) in the online world.<br /><br />That very same power can make a company great. It can also give the \\"little guy\\" an opportunity to go head-to-head with the \\"big guys.\\" The act of enchanting oftentimes goes beyond the product or service because, when done properly, it hits the heart and mind simultaneously. Thus, a computer is not merely a computer; it's a \\"Mac.\\" An airline flight is more than a mode of transportation; in the hands of Virgin (Sir Richard Branson's company), it's an \\"experience.\\" A simple bed and breakfast when practicing enchantment becomes someone's \\"romantic weekend getaway.\\"<br /><br />In our digital world when businesses either \\"churn and burn\\" or \\"coddle and caress\\" in their marketing methods, Mr. Kawasaki extolls the virtues of creating magic by what can be best summarized as being \\"nice.\\" It's not a one-way push in either direction; it's a delicate balance of listening to what your customers want and delivering what you have in a way that they not only understand, but embrace.<br /><br />MORE THAN MARKETING<br />Enchantment is a business book. It's a book about getting new clients and/or customers and keeping the ones you have. It will more than likely be labeled as a marketing book.<br /><br />That's unfortunate.<br /><br />It's unfortunate because overall, Enchantment is more than that.<br /><br />More than the marketing methods and greater than the business ideas is the overarching meaning of Enchantment. In some ways it's a modern day, business world version of Emily Post's Etiquette. It explains how we should act toward each other as we reach for business connections and present our ideas and products and services to the world.<br /><br />That's only scratching the surface, though.<br /><br />Yes, the methods and actions and ideas are important, but it's the \\"soul\\" underlying them that is more important. It's about being nice; looking for and striving for the win-win; it's about making the world a better place.<br /><br />Those things don't come from mere actions. Like good manners, when done hollowly, they come off as cold, distant, and fake.<br /><br />Therein is the reason many will fail as they try to enchant their market. Instead of using Mr. Kawasaki's methods like a well-stated compliment or an endearing politeness, some will wield these methods like a club and come off like a smarmy huckster.<br /><br />Luckily, Mr. Kawasaki provides many real-world examples of enchantment in action throughout the book and even has a chapter about how one can resist enchantment, that ishow to see through fake attempts at enchantment.<br /><br />This \\"soul\\" is also what makes Enchantment timeless. Because it's a book about getting your message to your audience, Mr. Kawasaki discusses the technology and services that we are using now, such as Facebook and Twitter. Will these technologies be around in five years? Ten years? Who knows?<br /><br />It doesn't matter, though, because the ideas in Enchantment transcend them. No matter what is coming around the corner, the technical details may vary but the ideology will remain the same. It's not the tools that are important, but the person using them.<br /><br />A GIFT AND A CURSE<br />One of the charms of Enchantment is that it contains the ideology and the methods of Mr. Kawasaki. It's as if the contents of his brain were dumped onto the printed page.<br /><br />That is, as Adrian Monk from the television show \\"Monk\\" would say, a gift and a curse.<br /><br />It's a gift because a person can literally turn to any page in Enchantment randomly and find a useful idea or method that he or she can, more often than not, apply immediately. For example, while writing this I opened the book and it fell to page 151. That is the first page of Chapter 10, \\"How to Enchant Employees.\\" On that page is the idea \\"Provide a MAP.\\"<br /><br />Providing an opportunity for employees to achieve mastery, autonomy, and purpose (MAP) is more important than money.<br /><br />Whether you're in business or not, that's a good piece of information to know. It makes sense. A person can use that both in the boardroom and on Main Street. It works.<br /><br />Enchantment is chock full of information like that.<br /><br />That's also it's curse.<br /><br />There is an awful lot of information in this book. There are also an awful lot of methods. I think that there needed to be a section in the book that tied them all together into some sort of action plan that one could follow.<br /><br />What should a small business do first to begin creating enchantment? Is there a way to enact these methods systematically?<br /><br />It's a minor quibble, but I think this addition to the book would have proven invaluable to many readers.<br /><br />A FEW WORDS TO THE PUBLISHER<br />The publisher of Enchantment is Portfolio/Penguin Group. As a fellow publisher, I must say that they did an excellent job on the book. The design and layout of the interior is beautiful. While the size of the text is small (there is, after all, a lot of information in the book), it's still very readable.<br /><br />I also love the size of the book. It's smaller than the usual trade hardcover size and that makes it very easy to hold when reading while laying in bed or lounging on a hammock.<br /><br />My kudos to the publishing team that edited and designed the book. Great job! Keep up the good work!<br /><br />SHOULD YOU BECOME ENCHANTING<br />Should you buy this book? More precisely, if you buy Enchantment, will the ideas and methods outlined in the book be of service to you?<br /><br />The short answer is a resounding YES.<br /><br />If you're a person who wants to make a change in the world -- whether through a business or through a personal mission -- then Mr. Kawasaki's information and lessons will help you to accomplish that. Think of it this way: If it helped Guy Kawasaki achieve what he did, then it most certainly will help you.<br /><br />As an addition to a businessperson's library, this will be a well-thumbed tome. No one will be able to implement everything after just one reading. Over time, though, you can take what you need from the book and use it when you're ready. Over time, Enchantment will change the way you do some -- perhaps most -- of your marketing. It may even change the way you approach and do business.how to see through fake attempts at enchantment.<br /><br />This \\"soul\\" is also what makes Enchantment timeless. Because it's a book about getting your message to your audience, Mr. Kawasaki discusses the technology and services that we are using now, such as Facebook and Twitter. Will these technologies be around in five years? Ten years? Who knows?<br /><br />It doesn't matter, though, because the ideas in Enchantment transcend them. No matter what is coming around the corner, the technical details may vary but the ideology will remain the same. It's not the tools that are important, but the person using them.<br /><br />A GIFT AND A CURSE<br />One of the charms of Enchantment is that it contains the ideology and the methods of Mr. Kawasaki. It's as if the contents of his brain were dumped onto the printed page.<br /><br />That is, as Adrian Monk from the television show \\"Monk\\" would say, a gift and a curse.<br /><br />It's a gift because a person can literally turn to any page in Enchantment randomly and find a useful idea or method that he or she can, more often than not, apply immediately. For example, while writing this I opened the book and it fell to page 151. That is the first page of Chapter 10, \\"How to Enchant Employees.\\" On that page is the idea \\"Provide a MAP.\\"<br /><br />Providing an opportunity for employees to achieve mastery, autonomy, and purpose (MAP) is more important than money.<br /><br />Whether you're in business or not, that's a good piece of information to know. It makes sense. A person can use that both in the boardroom and on Main Street. It works.<br /><br />Enchantment is chock full of information like that.<br /><br />That's also it's curse.<br /><br />There is an awful lot of information in this book. There are also an awful lot of methods. I think that there needed to be a section in the book that tied them all together into some sort of action plan that one could follow.<br /><br />What should a small business do first to begin creating enchantment? Is there a way to enact these methods systematically?<br /><br />It's a minor quibble, but I think this addition to the book would have proven invaluable to many readers.<br /><br />A FEW WORDS TO THE PUBLISHER<br />The publisher of Enchantment is Portfolio/Penguin Group. As a fellow publisher, I must say that they did an excellent job on the book. The design and layout of the interior is beautiful. While the size of the text is small (there is, after all, a lot of information in the book), it's still very readable.<br /><br />I also love the size of the book. It's smaller than the usual trade hardcover size and that makes it very easy to hold when reading while laying in bed or lounging on a hammock.<br /><br />My kudos to the publishing team that edited and designed the book. Great job! Keep up the good work!<br /><br />SHOULD YOU BECOME ENCHANTING<br />Should you buy this book? More precisely, if you buy Enchantment, will the ideas and methods outlined in the book be of service to you?<br /><br />The short answer is a resounding YES.<br /><br />If you're a person who wants to make a change in the world -- whether through a business or through a personal mission -- then Mr. Kawasaki's information and lessons will help you to accomplish that. Think of it this way: If it helped Guy Kawasaki achieve what he did, then it most certainly will help you.<br /><br />As an addition to a businessperson's library, this will be a well-thumbed tome. No one will be able to implement everything after just one reading. Over time, though, you can take what you need from the book and use it when you're ready. Over time, Enchantment will change the way you do some -- perhaps most -- of your marketing. It may even change the way you approach and do business.
B0039PPW60|4.0|I like the design layout and the sliders feel sturdy. Does everything I needed it for. The manual isn't so great, and the supposed advanced user manual available for download from the Behringer website couldn't be found. But fortunately I've used mixers before and it's not too different from others I've used. To edit a preset effect is confusing to me. It's all done with one knob and it was pretty much a trial and error prospect adjusting the delay + reverb effect. It involved a lot of pushing down on the one button and listening. That could be easier or explained better in the manual. There is also an effect jack for a foot switch which isn't mentioned in the manual at all. I'll try that next. It's probably an effect off and on kind of thing. Or maybe with a stereo cord, it can change programs. See? That's the only reason I didn't give it five stars. The preamps sound very natural and warm.
B0007OY2P8|4.0|Jane Austen's \\"Northanger Abbey\\" was one of her earliest novels, but one she was perhaps never entirely satisfied with; it was only published after her death.  It is quite different from her usual work and a challenge to translate to film.  The BBC's 1986 version does a reasonable job of capturing both its broad gothic parody and the embedded schoolgirl romance.<br /><br />Catherine Morland is a naive young girl, much addicted to gothic novels, who is offered the opportunity to visit the resort city of Bath with wealthy friends of her family.  There, she falls into company with Isabella and John Thorpe, who will prove to be rather unreliable friends, and with Henry and Eleanor Tilney, steadier companions who are however members of the dangerous Tilney clan.  Catherine will be offered the opportunity to visit the Tilney ancestral home of Northanger Abbey, where a dark mystery, and a real world tragedy, will be unveiled before her eyes.<br /><br />This BBC version is faithful to period dress and locations, and provides suitably atmospheric context.  Katherine Schlesinger as Catherince Morland and Peter Firth as Henry Tilney do a nice job of carrying the story.  Robert Hardy is superb as the forbidding General Tilney. \\"Northanger Abbey\\" is highly recommended as a very servicable dramatization of Jane Austen's novel.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|It's great, of course, to have these remasters of many of George's classics.  However, this not by any means the optimal way to listen to these songs. The optimal way is to imagine that the Beatles never definitively broke up. Instead they decided to record more-or-less separately, but then release collectively the best of what they'd produced over a given stretch (the best being chosen by a manager replacing Allen Klein in early 1970). As the `1960s Beatles' they had already recorded an album's-worth of songs in this fashion, mostly on the `White Album'.  Yes, the Beatles by 1970 HAD to individuate further to progress creatively. But NO, one isn't obliged to listen to them post-1969 as packaged then or now. The only proper and truly exhilarating way to listen to the latter-day John, Paul, George and Ringo is as a `Beatles Releasing Collective'. Because music-wise John was in fact quite wrong. The dream lived on to 2010. Free the Beatles from the 1960s prison that critics have unjustifiably confined them to.
1594202842|3.0|I enjoyed this book up until the end. One could say Chua does a good job revealing the crazy extent of her mothering with a bit of tongue-in-cheek humor. She knows she's off the deep end, but she does it all in love. The biggest problem I have is her defensive stance at the end. Telling us how her daughters would have had it no other way seems a bit too heavy-handed. Of course they'll say that. They know no other way. And they haven't grown up yet to have the proper perspective. It weakened the rest of the book. Plus the fact that she virtually leaves her husband out of the story (presumably to protect his reputation) is terrifically disingenuous. What reader doesn't want to know what was going on in his head with all of his wife's tiger mother antics?    If nothing else, Chua is a good marketer. She capitalizes on the sensational nature of the topic - extreme parenting. And it's garnered her a lot of media attention, which is just what this narcissistic mother requires now that her children don't need her as much. I credit Chua with starting up a fresh public discourse on parenting in America. We need to be looking at how we parent and opening our methods up to examination. Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother is almost certain to do that for many parents in America, be they Tiger Mothers or \\"Western\\" parents.
B003Y8YXEO|3.0|First, of all the Beatles and solo Beatles remasters, these are the ones where, finally, I can't detect any differences from previous reworkings. OK, the bass IS a bit more prominent on `Cold Turkey' and that's for the better I suppose, but I'm so used to the more subdued bass that I can't be bothered with the new version. No, I couldn't discern any worthwhile improvements on this CD or on the `Milk & Honey' remaster either, at which point I stopped buying the latest remasters. Except of course for `Double Fantasy Stripped Down', definitely a worthwhile project-- for four John songs that had been way over-produced.  In any case, this is NOT the best way to listen to John Lennon. The best way is to imagine that the Beatles never really broke up. Take the best of John, Paul, George and Ringo--and alternate the tracks in Beatles album format. Imagine that they agreed in 1970 to record more-or-less separately, but release together, in the spirit of the White Album (or nearly half of it). That way they could loosen up, fully individuate, and become a more conceptual than actual band. It would be a `next phase' beyond their 1966 transformation into a recording-artistry-only band. And this way they didn't have to blow themselves up. Absent the Klein/Eastman feud, that didn't have to happen. And in retrospect, one can rearrange the most Beatlesworthy of their solo tracks so that, musically, it did not happen. The Beatles, as a more conceptual `Beatles Releasing Collective', could be said to have just gone on and on and on.
B004DI7HZ6|4.0|I enjoyed this book-it has a great fantasy-themed romance and the romance truly develops. It is NOT a novel where the leads just jump into bed together.  They take time and get to know each other...wow-imagine that and oh-wait...they get married before they have sex (gasp). I enjoyed how the characters build and we learn a little more of their secrets with each chapter and these characters have a LOT of secrets. The book leaves the reader not just wanting more-but needing more as the end is in no way the end.  Despite some of the reviews, take a chance on this book...but keep in mind it is not J.R. Ward material...the characters are well developed and individual-the hero is masculine and powerful without being a total dominating ass, and the heroine is independent but still a little insecure which makes her someone we can relate to.
0670022411|5.0|I was slightly skeptical when I first received this book; but like the Harry Potter series, I was hooked by chapter 2. The author keeps the story light and the characters not too complicated. There is writing of vampires, witches and daemons that exist in the human world. The way she writes, leaves me pondering if there other entities that exist amoung us.
1591843790|5.0|There is a reason that brands like Amazon, Apple, H&auml;agen-Dazs and Zappos are so successful, and Guy Kawasaki explains how they are effective in building brand loyalty by enchanting their customers. From a social media and entrepreneur's standpoint, \\"Enchantment\\" is a how to guide for brand management, and the brand in question is you. Once you have mastered the art of enchanting people on a personal level, you can easily apply the concepts from the book to anything. I recommend this book to anyone interested improving their brand be it a company, a product or themselves.
0307463745|3.0|I used the website for two months for sales. Simple, easy, exactly what they pitch. I canceled because I try to spend less time on computer typing in simple sales stuff. However, the book is a selling point on their logic in business. I agree with most of it, but was expecting more than 30,000ft view on everything. Edgy read. I am a small business and use technology, own capital, and provide world class service.....That is how I do my best to compete in today's ever challenging Industry. The book was more of an Ego boost for the two guys.
B002RWKSII|3.0|I bought this CD because I'm a fan of Gershwin as well as Brian Wilson.  I thought, how could I go wrong with this CD?  The excerpts that I listened to were nice.  Turns out, Gershwin's compositions were a bit more complex than Brian Wilson could accomplish effectively.  Brian's singing and the arrangements came off flat.  Where I needed to hear syncopation, Brian sang straight 4/4. There were some nice string arrangements; but, every time Brain came into it, the music was reduced.    With all due respect to Brian Wilson who has made greater accomplishments in pop music than many may ever realize, this CD was too lightweight for Gershwin.  Two listens were all that I needed to convince me that other covers, like Dave Grusin's, and more classical renditions have done more justice to the genius of Gershwin than a Beach Boy rendition.  Sorry Brian, you tried.
0446691437|4.0|Warning: This book may increase self-awareness and motivation. If you read it hoping to tackle one goal--say, sticking to your fitness plan or overcoming writer's block--you may ALSO find yourself getting other aspects of your life in order. For example, I'm reading this book to learn how to be more successful with nutrition and exercise, but here I am, typing this review from a clean, tidy desk. A neat desk is nothing short of a miracle for me. Steven Pressfield taught me that Resistance is the force that loves to hold humans back from achieving their goals. The War of Art is a guidebook to Resistance's many guises and tricks, and a manual for overcoming them. At times, Pressfield's writing is more spiritual or flowery than I would prefer--but who cares? My desk is clean, I've taken my 9,000 steps for the day, and I didn't eat any white sugar. I am motivated and in control. Thanks, Mr. Pressfield.
B004G5ZXVQ|4.0|R.E.M. has my total respect. I have been an off-and-on fan for over 25 years. My first experience was the wonderful \\"Green,\\" and as I was living in seattle at the time, it will forever remind me of the Crocodile Cafe, a new alt band moping around 5th Ave and Pike called Nirvana, and so much more.<br /><br />It was with real glee that I was handed a copy of R.E.M's newest release and their fifteenth album. I have followed their changes, both personal and with personnel.<br /><br />This album is lush, loud (but the right kind of loud), straightforward and more.<br /><br />12 songs totalling just over 40 minutes:<br /><br />1. Discoverer - Michael Snipe's vocals have never sounded better as he takes us on his and his bandmates journey once again, taking us by the hand into the craziness of life, and sometimes it's not as bad as we think it is. Patti Smith also jumps in on harmony, and it only sounds greater with her in this fast rocker.<br /><br />2. All the Best - the sound is fresh and wonderful, a bit rushed but they tell you that they as a band have done it all and they aren't going anywhere - the kids don't really know, so we'll just have to show them how to.<br /><br />3. &Uuml;berlin - the lyrics are just as sing-song and still make me have to listen to it a few times - the guitars here are somewhat buried, but the harmonies will lift you off the ground. Eat some breakfast, don't forget us, we're right here, and we always have been...<br /><br />4. Oh My Heart - If Starship built this city on rock and roll, R.E.M. came back after a long journey with a heavy heart to help rebuild it after the disasters of power pop princesses, Autotune and Beatles car commercials. Will they save us? I hope to God so...<br /><br />5. It Happened Today - Michael and the boys took the brunt of the pain and want you to know it's okay to breathe, and the parade is holding them up in their arms... wonderful harmonies by wonderful tunesmiths Michael and guest vocalist Eddie Vedder.<br /><br />6. Every Day Is Yours to Win - a wonderful slow ballad that reminds me so much of \\"Everybody Hurts,\\" but not so much the message, but it's a grocery list of laments and ideas and promises, but in the end as they've always said, it's in your hands, and you decide how you shape the world... is this so wrong?<br /><br />7. Mine Smell Like Honey - a crunchy bit of rock slapped down in the middle of this album, and sometimes the search is better than the finding of what's really out there.<br /><br />8. Walk It Back - one of the most direct songs on the album, and will be in heavy rotation on many alt stations nationwide, guaranteed. He wants you to know that it's okay to want the things you've given to others to sometimes come back to you faster than anyone else may want it to happen. Blessings, miracles, magical events, karma, they do come back, but at their pace.<br /><br />9. Alligator_Aviator_Autopilot_Antimatter - a real rocking return to the R.E.M. of old, it's the 1990's all over, and guest vocalist techno rocker Peaches perfectly throws out the nonsensical and wild lyrics with a gusto I haven't heard on an R.E.M. album in a while...<br /><br />10. That Someone Is You - God, I thought it was The Replacements from 1992 all over again, but this only tells me that their sound, THEIR SPEEDY GUITAR GEORGIA SOUND, has been copied by so many others I thought it was someone else! Wow, they sound so good...!<br /><br />11. Me, Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando and I - this song once again takes me to \\"Man In The Moon,\\" and it's another lost ballad to once glorious times, and people who defined the kind of effortless cool and strength at the speed of sound that's gone, gone, gone, and only the boys can make it worth listening to.<br /><br />12. Blue - Patti Smith, who keeps Michael and the rest of the band centered as everything else unravels in a miked up background, sings against a digital wind and a symphony of words, guitar and drums swirling around her. She is grounded, and the storm rises and flows, and the album ends on a whirlwind of what-might-have-beens, piano and repetitive words, and finally background vocal noises and guitar effects, endlessly fading into the blackness of the album.<br /><br />I was exhausted after listening to this, and you will be too. It's breezy, forces you to stop and listen, to take a sonic journey and stay the whole way through. I was a bit disappointed that they are relying on past glories (and sound) to produce still inventie music, but I have looked past worse things from other bands. If you've got a great formula, and it works, use it!<br /><br />Out of 5 stars I'm giving it 4 - I have to be honest, I have heard a few of these songs before wearing the same suit, but I still say buy it for it's use of sound, the usage of their singsong lyrics,  and please give it a listen. Discover it for yourself and you might find it's a journey worth taking.<br /><br />(Thanks for reading and please check out my other reviews, and don't forget to leave feedback!)and finally background vocal noises and guitar effects, endlessly fading into the blackness of the album.    I was exhausted after listening to this, and you will be too. It's breezy, forces you to stop and listen, to take a sonic journey and stay the whole way through. I was a bit disappointed that they are relying on past glories (and sound) to produce still inventie music, but I have looked past worse things from other bands. If you've got a great formula, and it works, use it!    Out of 5 stars I'm giving it 4 - I have to be honest, I have heard a few of these songs before wearing the same suit, but I still say buy it for it's use of sound, the usage of their singsong lyrics,  and please give it a listen. Discover it for yourself and you might find it's a journey worth taking.     (Thanks for reading and please check out my other reviews, and don't forget to leave feedback!)
B004MMEIK0|1.0|this was basically a vampire Harlequin...it seemed to me like she was trying to do a mixture of Twilight and UnderWorld and failed horribly...as for hilarious as several reviews stated...that also failed horribly...honestly i luaghed more reading the reviews and comments than i did at anything in this book!
0525951652|5.0|After Pillars Of The Earth/World Without End (as well as all of his spy novels) I hungrily snatched Fall Of Giants from the library shelf, and devoured it rather quickly - it normally takes me months to read a 1000 page novel, this one took a couple weeks. I expected a gripping, realistic story about fictional characters in the milieu of the fascinating and troubling conditions of the first third of the century, with those events shaping the lives of the characters. What I got wasn't exactly that - it was actually fictionalized historical events, with the characters interacting with historical personages of the time, and actually driving those events. Truly a historical materialist turn for Mr. Follett, and one that I applaud. He clearly has the research chops to make the events seem real, and the inventiveness to find very interesting stories to tell.    The character of Billy Twice is one of my favorites in all of Follett's work. I fell for him on the first page and he kept my heart till the end. I'm wondering how the 1940s will treat him in the next volume (or rather, how he treats the 1940s). Ethel was also wonderfully fleshed out, and probably the best female character that Follett has written. I think the combination of these two made the Welsh subplot the strongest. I wish we could have understood both Gus Dewar and Rosa Hellman better, and had a better slice of life in the US, but I suppose the story was long enough. The Russian plot had its peaks and valleys - the pre-revolutionary section being the strongest, I thought. The task of explaining the events, nuances, motivations and details of the Russian Revolution is indeed a daunting one, and Follett handled it about as well as can be expected, but it was the densest part of the book.    In all, I'd say this is a great read for anyone interested in Twentieth Century Global History, and I can't wait for the next one.
1401310400|5.0|I'm a huge fan of the TV series \\"Castle\\".  In the show, Richard Castle is an author who partners with Detective Kate Beckett as she and her team solve crime across New York City.  In this book, Richard Castle writes about the fictional author Jamison Rook who partners with Detective Nicki Heat and her team to solve crime across New York City...<br /><br />Detective Beckett, I mean Heat, is called to investigate the death of an unidentified male who had fallen from a window.  Heat and Rook partner work together to discover who murdered  this out-of-luck real estate developer.<br /><br />If you watch the show, the book keeps true to the banter and humor you've become accustomed to.  However, since this is a fictional story, Castle adds a new aspect to the relationship between Rook and Heat.<br />I loved the book and highly recommend it for viewers of the show.<br /><br />If you don't watch the show, this is a fantastic detective novel in it's own right.  I also read a lot of Patricia Cornwell, and this book is certainly as entertaining as any of hers.
0385751893|4.0|My nephew's wife was talking about the movie The Boy in the Striped Pajamas and I saw it and bought it - though I haven't watched it yet. I discovered it was originally a book so I ordered it. Wow, what a different story. I had never read a story about the Holocaust written from the eyes of a child of one of the concentration camp workers. The boy befriends another child on the other side of the fence. Finally one day the boy finds a way to get under the fence and join his friend to spend the day with him. What happens next is jay dropping and I never saw it coming though looking back I should have. I will say no more as to not give away the end of the story. What a really different storyline.  This book was a short, fast read. I liked it.
0446615641|5.0|Smart, fast-paced, thrilling, engaging and it has a heart, believe it or not .... wasn't planning on reading this but someone loaned me The Camel Club and i became hooked on the series!
B003YOMNCM|4.0|Forgive the pun, but I must 'echo' the concerns raised by several other reviewers regarding the quality of the sound engineering. I found the balances to be odd whether played from headphones, speakers, or in the car. I also agree that the orchestra's sound is overbalanced in relation to the soloist.    To my ears, the hall in which this was recorded did not have the best acoustics for a romantic piece like the Tchaikovsky. Too little reverberation meant that the orchestra and soloist in particular sounded less vibrant and rounded as they could have. Perhaps this particular hall was chosen, or its acoustical profile was adjusted, to better suit the Higdon. Or perhaps the editors placed more emphasis on the stage microphones and less on mics placed further into the hall while mixing the sound. Whatever the case may be, I think that production-wise this recording is a step down from Hahn's earlier issues.    Despite these shortcomings, the quality of the playing itself is quite good. The Higdon is an interesting piece, at times sounding like a concerto for orchestra plus soloist. I've seen Hahn perform the Tchaikovsky in concert and as expected her interpretation on this disc is what I heard live while sitting in a better sounding hall with a better orchestra and more aggressive/intensive bow strokes from Hahn.
1439102724|4.0|I downloaded the audio version of this book the day it came out and enjoyed it. Jodi Picoult is first and foremost a story teller. Her characters for the most part are well written and compelling. But her books are basically plot driven and so the characters are often manipulated for the sake of the story. When characters act differently than we think they should, it is usually to advance the plot. That's the reason for the rushed relationship of Zoe and Vanessa, the quick conversion of Max, and Zoe's illogical and unreasonable antagonism toward religion. I wish Picoult had given us some reason for that as it is a major flaw in Zoe's character. It was there before she was pilloried for being a lesbian. She didn't seem to have any reason to dislike Liddy as much as she did. IMO it was a plot device to polarize the two factions as was the stereotyped character of the lawyer. But all that aside, for people who enjoy a good read, I recommend this book. The suspense of how the book will end pulls the reader in and keeps those pages turning.
1591843790|5.0|Guy has done it again. Enchantment is an absolute delight to read. Elegantly written, the book provides a practical guide to influencing others. The advice is concrete, the examples are deep, and the stories are inspiring. Don't expect \\"just another fluffy business book.\\" Guy will tell it like it is.     Anyone who has ever believed they came up with a good idea will find this relevant--in other words, this isn't just for stuffy marketers. It can apply to anyone.    Disclosure: I consider Guy a friend and mentor, and I contribute blog posts to Alltop.com.
B004KPX4W2|4.0|For the \\"older\\" action movie fan this brings together a lot of good stars. Overall had a good plot, fun action sequence, and time didn't feel like it was dragging. My wife & I enjoyed it and would watch it again.
1401201911|5.0|This is a very well told and subtle story.  I believe this falls under the \\"Elseworlds\\" category of storytelling.  In short, it's a tale of Superman if he had landed in the Soviet Union rather than middle America and grew to be the iron fist for the hammer and scythe.  In it we see the ramifications of Superman as totalitarian enforcer for the iron curtain and how he interacts with Superman mainstays Lois Lane, Lex Luthor, the miniature city of Kandor and many more in this alternate reality.  It's a fun, cerebral trip and should be added to any comic lovers collection.
B004F1F32A|5.0|Really like Liam Neeson, great action scenes, very good acting, good plot and very believable. I would gladly watch more movies like this.
1596680296|5.0|This is the best book on knitting socks that I have ever seen.    I have been a knitting teacher off and on for over 40 years and I love the diagrams and the pictures in this book.    It is so very helpful when knitting one of the most difficult things to knit.
B003UBTX72|5.0|I hate reading reviews that tell what the book is all about.  I bought this book wanting to clear up rumors and questions I had about Richards and the Stones.  This book clears up so many rumors about who Richards really is.  Also it explains the relationship between Keith and Mick.  After reading this book, I veiw Richards an a super human.  For the life he lived addicted to drugs and alcohol, it is amazing he survived.<br /><br />Exceptionally written.  Extremly informative.  I enjoyed this from cover to cover.  For any Stones fan or rock bio buff, this is a must read.
B004AHNIGM|3.0|Only one or two songs even piqued my interest.  To make matters worse the mastering of this CD is pretty poor.  It's one of those muddy sounding CD's...like you've got the tone knob turned all the way down and the bass all the way up or something.  Sorry Gregg...not your best work.
0156027321|4.0|** spoiler alert ** I have struggled with this book.<br /><br />I loved Pi's devotion to 3 different religions and its beautiful description of the animals in his father's zoo. His adventures as a castaway on the Pacific were incredible and wonderful and beautifully told, you can almost believe it's a memoir rather than fiction.<br /><br />However, there were some parts in between these stories which dragged and made it hard to leaf through in earnest.<br /><br />All and all I strongly recommend this book to animals lovers and adventures addicts.
B002ZG976U|5.0|I absolutely adore this movie!  My friends and I haven't been able to stop quoting it and talking about it.  The costumes and makeup are amazing.  Christina Aguilera gave me goosebumps singing throughout the movie.  Vocals are great.  Not to mention there is eye candy for girls and guys.  FYI... I'm still craving cookies :)
0307454541|3.0|The horrors depicted in this book were especially gruesome. It seems that every villain in this book was not your typical delinquent but a sadistic, hateful and unremorseful shell of a person, especially towards women. Hence, it was definitely not an easy read.<br /><br />As for the character development in the book, it contained two main protagonists: Blomkvist - the male protagonist, and Salander - the female protagonist. Both were very strong character in the book and played an equal part in unraveling both mysteries at hand. In light of International Women's Day which we celebrate today it is refreshing to read a book which portrays many strong women character, including the main brilliant, albeit non conformist, heroine - Lisbeth Salander.<br /><br />The plot itself was weaved skillfully in a way that had made me suspect each and every character at one point [and I am usually that annoying person that always gets it right from the beginning]. I had a particular suspicion towards the actual villain, but as I suspected e-v-e-r-y-o-n-e at some point I can conclude the plot was written very well.<br /><br />Unfortunately I cannot read Swedish so I read it in English and did not enjoy the translation. Even as a non native English speaker I could find many grammar mistakes and did not enjoy the over simplistic language, which I don't expect a journalist, (thus a professional writer) to have and Blomkvist is a journalist. This is a real pet peeve of mine.<br /><br />Another thing I found disheartening in this book is the amount of irrelevant information. On one hand it gives the impression the main characters must have felt when they started investigating the mystery, drowning in an ocean of information accumulated over decades by an obsessive relative, but on the other hand, it was extremely tedious to read the book and get \\"to the point\\" only at the very end.<br /><br />All and all, I enjoyed this book and will be reading the next book in the series, but it wasn't one of my most favorite books ever.
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|This is one of my most favorite DVDs.  RED has everything you want in a Bruce Willis action flick and the characters played by John Malkovich and Mary Louise Parker make the story unique, unpredictable, and exciting. Pure entertainment with nothing held back.  And it's good enough to watch over and over again.  Five stars!
B002UJIY7A|5.0|You won't see it coming.  I am that guy that always knows what is going to happen next in a movie.  I didn't see it coming in this film.  It is refreshing to have this happen and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.  It is a great ride.
B0021L8V0M|4.0|I liked this movie for its story and pace.  And I like Angelina Jolie.  But all the contact action was over-edited, probably because the principle combatants and she were so physically mismatched that tight violence had to be inferred rather than simulated.  It is implausible for her to fight so ferociously, scramble so vigorously, leap so high, fly so far, land so hard, bleed so little, and still walk away.  Only Bruce Willis could do all those things and still be in one piece.  I still give it four stars for good entertainment value compared to the loathesome crap on network TV. But I agree with other reviewers that Angelina's too frail for this kind of action.
030746363X|5.0|This book is the best book I have come across in decades.  It gives a refreshing look into the medical community and body self awareness.  Highly recommended!
B003HGKJH8|5.0|Melodic, original fuzz. You'll be bidding on that 1960s car you used to have. The bonus downloads that come with the disc are superb as well, abstract rehearsal videos and live tracks.
B002ZG99TA|1.0|This movie is so mind-numbingly stupid I was shocked it even got made.  It's not even good enough for a B-grade movie of the week.   Over the top cinematography, some of the worse dialogue ever written and a sound mixer who should be forced to watch Ishtar on a continuous loop for the rest of his/her life.  Chris and Denzel should fire their agents and use the \\"script\\" to get the flames started.  Use the 1 1/2 hours you'll save by not watching this \\"train wreck\\"- by spending quality time with your cat...or beat your head with a hammer.  Either would be better than watching this waste of celluloid.
B0007Y08IS|5.0|Love Love this movie. Awesome puppetry, great story.  Hi-larious!  Not for youngster, profanity, sex etc.  So fun to watch and still applicable to todays world status!
B0012QE4Q2|5.0|The dvd arrived on time and in good shape and it was an excellent movie, although it did not follow the book, it was still a good movie to watch.
1843106698|5.0|We have a son on the autism spectrum.  He has not been tagged as having aspergers yet those who are knowledgeable say that is what it is, they are just not allowed to call it that.  We think it is an age thing.  He is quite young.  This book was my first reference I have looked into specific to aspergers.  WOW it has opened a new look into our sons life and I am glad to have it as a resource!
B004MZJN6G|5.0|The playing is superbub yet I do hope the recording engineer in the future can place the mic a little further away from the player to avoid recording his/her breathing as well which is quite noticeable in this album.
1439102724|1.0|Guess I am too old to appreciate this subject matter.  It was difficult for me and I did not enjoy this book as I have her others.
B0034G4P7G|4.0|When writer Aaron Sorkin and director David Fincher team up to make a film about the creation of the world's most popular social network (*derp*facebook*derp*), I'm pretty much sold on that alone. However, the performances and gut wrenching irony of the story behind how Mark Zuckerberg's Internet empire was created in the \\"mean streets\\" of Harvard (where pretension and douchebaggery are as common among the students as brilliance and creativity) only make this filmgoing experience that much more layered and enjoyable.    This film was well deserving of its Oscar nominations, and Sorkin won a well deserved Oscar for the writing as did Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross for their excellent film score.     The audiocommentaries are a bit disappointing as I was hoping more from Sorkin about his research and what was elaborated upon or dramatized in the script versus what was \\"factual,\\" alas, there was none of that. However, what it does have are excellent mini-docs on the post-production processes of scoring, sound mixing, and editing. There is also a nearly two hour documentary on the making of the film, which is separated into four parts. This documentary has some insightful and in-depth looks into the acting and directing of the film. It was also interesting to see how much writer Aaron Sorkin was involved on set and how much he collaborated with Fincher during the making of the film. These docs are must see for anyone interested in the film making process.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|Wow!  I really, truly loved this book!  After several months of reading books that didn't quite enthrall me, I was so pleased to read \\"Room\\", a book I could not put down.      I first read the book description on Amazon and I thought it sounded interesting and unique.  Also, as a teacher and a mother, I love kids so the idea of a book written from a five-year-old's perspective seemed fun to me.  As I stared to read, I was really enjoying the writing.  I liked how the boy spoke his thoughts and matter of factly described his everyday doings in \\"Room\\".  His description are so sweet and endearing, but then the reader starts to wonder what is actually going on with this boy and his mother and why do they only live in one room?      At this point, the book really takes off and goes in a new direction and I had such a hard time putting it down.  The writing is so unique. It is such a serious and sad story but is made much more bearable through the you boy's voice.   This book gives insight into the way a child sees a situation in comparison to how adults perceive the same situation.  This book is beautiful, sad, compelling and very raw.
B004G5VFOU|4.0|Two discs-34,58 minutes each approximately.  Why they didn't fill the discs with more music is a bit disappointing.  The digitally remastered sound is clean, but still has that slightly muffled feel to it-in part because the bass is oftentimes played by Winwood using the bass pedals on the keyboard.  But you can now hear instrumentation and vocals that, on previous editions, weren't as clearly heard  before.  An example is the title track-Capaldi's background vocals can now be heard in unison with Winwood.  The live tracks are taken from the original 16 track master tapes.  The discs are manufactured in Germany.  The discs are snapped in inside a quad-fold cardboard holder, which has some nice photographs.  The 22 page booklet tells the TRAFFIC story in some detail, beginning with the formation of the group.  There's quite a few great period color and b&w photographs, many not previously seen.  Also included are period ads, which help flesh out the group's history.<br /><br />This album was originally intended to be a Steve Winwood solo album, with Winwood playing the various instruments, and handling the vocals.  But, as sometimes happens, it morphed into a TRAFFIC album.  In 1970 Winwood still in his early twenties, was about to record a solo album to fulfill a contractual obligation.  Finding things not really working out like he intended, Winwood (vocals/guitars/keyboards/bass) called on his friend and ( and TRAFFIC bandmate) Jim Capaldi (drums/vocals) for help.  He then decided to bring in (TRAFFIC member) Chris Wood (saxes/flute/organ/percussion/vocals) to help flesh out the compositions-and TRAFFIC was reborn.<br /><br />\\"John Barleycorn Must Die\\" emphasized Winwood's soulful, lived in voice, and extended (almost jazz-like in spots) instrumental passages, along with an old folk song that captivated Winwood.  This combination of Winwood's plaintive voice and a mixture of folk/rock/jazz arrangements gave this album a different feel and identity.  The album went on to be the group's first gold album, and remains popular today.  It's a perfect example of the willingness of musicians during this time to incorporate different genres of music to fit their needs.  With both Winwood and Capaldi writing the tunes, the album benefited both lyrically and sported solid arrangements.  Here it must be said that Chris Wood was very important to this album's sound.  It was Wood who had heard a version of the title track (by The Watersons), and introduced the song to his bandmates.  Wood's penchant for incorporating different musical styles in the group's sound was something he had done on a regular basis in the past.  And, of course, his musical efforts on this album help give the songs a strong, individual identity.<br /><br />Without Dave  Mason, gone were the more psych/pop songs from earlier albums.  The band was now free to explore and extend their sound into folk and rock-based songs, with jazz-like arrangements.  Also absent ( to a large extent) were the concise compositions of the past.  The band was now stretching out instrumentally, making good use of their combined instrumental prowess.  Even Capaldi's drumming, always firm with light flourishes, took on a different feel that anchored the band's newer sound perfectly.<br /><br />Most likely you're already familiar with the original album, so there's little left to be said.  The second disc begins with three tracks from the original album in a slightly different form (\\"Stranger To Himself\\", John Barleycorn Must Die\\", and \\"Every Mother's Son\\") which are interesting and nice to hear.  The first version of \\"John Barleycorn...\\" has a slightly fuller arrangement compared to the version on the original album.  The track has the feel of something FAIRPORT CONVENTION might have recorded-a more \\"English\\" folk-style sound to it.  The rest of the disc contains live tracks, with their touring band (Ric Grech FAMILY, BLIND FAITH, etc.-bass, guitar, violin), from the aborted live album that, at one point, was close to being released.  For whatever reason the idea was dropped-thus began the several bootleg releases of this concert.  Many people have heard these tracks over the years, but it's nice to have a legitimate release of this concert.<br /><br />\\"Medicated Goo\\", from 1969's \\"Last Exit\\" album, is a bit longer than the previous version, and still has that jazzy sound and feel.  \\"Empty Pages\\", likewise, has a bouncy feel to it, with some jazz overtones, but lyrically it's on the bitter side.  \\"Forty Thousand Headmen\\", from the 1968 album, \\"Traffic\\", has always had a mysterious, haunting feel-courtesy of both the arrangement and the lyrics.  Here it's extended slightly, but still retains that haunted feel.  The digitally remastered sound really brings out the delicate acoustic guitar sound, and highlights Winwood's vocals-something difficult to get across live.  As always, Wood's flute playing is evocative, delicate, and intelligently played.  \\"Who Knows What Tomorrow May Bring?\\", also from the '68 \\"Traffic\\" album, stylistically would fit on the \\"John Barleycorn...\\" album.  Both lyrically and instrumentally the song has a similar feel to other tracks on that album.  The pace of the song isn't rushed here (something that happens live), but flows out nicely.  Wood's sax brings out just the right feel, and with Winwood's organ, are the perfect combination for this great tune.  \\"Every Mother's Son\\" has a slightly different feel, due to having a full band (rather than Winwood) playing the various instruments.  Some people may find this live version more to their liking.  \\"Glad/Freedom Rider\\", is a high point-it's always been one of the more popular parts of the album.  The instrumental \\"Glad\\" sticks to the original, but the tempo is a bit rushed, and heard live gives it a slightly different feel.  The happy go lucky, bouncy feel of the original isn't emphasized on this version, and loses something from the original.  Instead, the band lays down the melody and the solos in one, intense groove.  It's still a good listening experience-just different.  The segue into \\"Freedom Rider\\" is handled effortlessly.  This version sticks fairly close to the original tempo.  Wood's flute is well played and recorded.<br /><br /> This is a fine way to end this set-bringing back memories of that era for those of us lucky enough to have heard TRAFFIC live.  It also makes you wish for more live releases from this great band-they exist.  Songs like \\"Pearly Queen\\", \\"Heaven Is In Your Mind\\", \\"Dear Mr. Fantasy\\", and \\"Can't Find My Way Home\\" (heard on the BLIND FAITH album), were all recorded at this concert.  Maybe in the future.  But for now, this \\"Deluxe\\" version of one of the band's best albums, and one of the best albums from the era, will do nicely.  Here's hoping that other TRAFFIC albums will get the \\"deluxe\\" treatment in the near future.  If any band deserved it-it's this band.eing released.  For whatever reason the idea was dropped-thus began the several bootleg releases of this concert.  Many people have heard these tracks over the years, but it's nice to have a legitimate release of this concert.    \\"Medicated Goo\\", from 1969's \\"Last Exit\\" album, is a bit longer than the previous version, and still has that jazzy sound and feel.  \\"Empty Pages\\", likewise, has a bouncy feel to it, with some jazz overtones, but lyrically it's on the bitter side.  \\"Forty Thousand Headmen\\", from the 1968 album, \\"Traffic\\", has always had a mysterious, haunting feel-courtesy of both the arrangement and the lyrics.  Here it's extended slightly, but still retains that haunted feel.  The digitally remastered sound really brings out the delicate acoustic guitar sound, and highlights Winwood's vocals-something difficult to get across live.  As always, Wood's flute playing is evocative, delicate, and intelligently played.  \\"Who Knows What Tomorrow May Bring?\\", also from the '68 \\"Traffic\\" album, stylistically would fit on the \\"John Barleycorn...\\" album.  Both lyrically and instrumentally the song has a similar feel to other tracks on that album.  The pace of the song isn't rushed here (something that happens live), but flows out nicely.  Wood's sax brings out just the right feel, and with Winwood's organ, are the perfect combination for this great tune.  \\"Every Mother's Son\\" has a slightly different feel, due to having a full band (rather than Winwood) playing the various instruments.  Some people may find this live version more to their liking.  \\"Glad/Freedom Rider\\", is a high point-it's always been one of the more popular parts of the album.  The instrumental \\"Glad\\" sticks to the original, but the tempo is a bit rushed, and heard live gives it a slightly different feel.  The happy go lucky, bouncy feel of the original isn't emphasized on this version, and loses something from the original.  Instead, the band lays down the melody and the solos in one, intense groove.  It's still a good listening experience-just different.  The segue into \\"Freedom Rider\\" is handled effortlessly.  This version sticks fairly close to the original tempo.  Wood's flute is well played and recorded.      This is a fine way to end this set-bringing back memories of that era for those of us lucky enough to have heard TRAFFIC live.  It also makes you wish for more live releases from this great band-they exist.  Songs like \\"Pearly Queen\\", \\"Heaven Is In Your Mind\\", \\"Dear Mr. Fantasy\\", and \\"Can't Find My Way Home\\" (heard on the BLIND FAITH album), were all recorded at this concert.  Maybe in the future.  But for now, this \\"Deluxe\\" version of one of the band's best albums, and one of the best albums from the era, will do nicely.  Here's hoping that other TRAFFIC albums will get the \\"deluxe\\" treatment in the near future.  If any band deserved it-it's this band.
1608870081|5.0|If someone as lazy as myself manages to write a review, this pop out book has to be good.    Truly brilliant design. The pop up castles and figures were perfect. Gifted it to a 13 year old child. Was probably her most treasured possession for quite a while. Unlike what i figured, this one isnt based on one single book, but if more of an integrated set figures from Harry Potter series.    Kudos to the folk that made this !
B003EV6DBM|3.0|I was excited to be able to watch the first episode of the 5th series. Until it hit an extremely low point. In the middle of the show the picture started to look like it was digitally scratched. As I put in a new disc it happened to the other disc as well. It so far has happened on 3 DVD's and I feel sad about it. I don't think I could return and receive a new one for the inconvenience but I will make do with what I have. I appreciate the time put into sending me this amazing show.
0756404738|5.0|I loved this book.  If you dont like it you must be overthinking it.  I could not put it down.  I have read some of the reviews that rated it 1 star and all I can say is.  If you know sooooo much write your own book.  Good day to you all ! Edema Ruh !
B000002U82|5.0|If you have never tried watching \\"The Wizard of Oz\\" synchronized to Dark Side of the Moon, then you owe it to yourself to try it at least once.    Check out my article about the experience.    [...]
0756404738|3.0|I loved Name of the Wind, but I'm disappointed in Wise Man's Fear.  The first ranks among the the best books I've read in a long time, the second feels like a drawn out middle chapter in a saga, with ridiculous formulaic trappings surrounding the main character to boot.  The Felurian/Adem subplots feel like Rothfuss was working out some sexual frustration on paper, and could have used a heavy dose of editing.  Honestly, the book feels like a collection of short stories about Kvothe.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, it's not all bad.  Rothfuss's story is still interesting at least.  But this book has far too little of that plot and a penchant for formulaic places, situations, interactions, and plots.  It's filler.  Pretty good filler, but filler nonetheless.<br /><br />I look forward to a return to the things that made Name of the Wind so compelling in Book 3.
B002ZG976U|3.0|Despite an eye-catching veneer that appears like a stylistic cross between Bob Fosse ([[ASIN:B00009Y3L4 Cabaret]]) and Rob Marshall ([[ASIN:B00005JLSE Chicago]]), this 2010 backstage musical written and directed by former actor Steve Antin is pure Hollywood hokum repackaged for the [[ASIN:B000B58D0S American Idol]] generation. Rather than being remotely provocative in subject or treatment, the film is actually a slapdash, new-millennium update of [[ASIN:B000E0ODZY 42nd Street]] in which the classic 1933 movie's most famous line, \\"You're going out a youngster, but you've got to come back a star!\\", applies perfectly here. The youngster in this case is pop star Christina Aguilera in her feature film debut as Ali Rose, a plucky Iowa waitress described scabrously by an alcohol-fueled rival named Nikki as a \\"slut with mutant lungs\\". Your reaction to that comment will depend on how much you like Aguilera's throaty, blues-inspired holler of a singing voice. You would have to enjoy it a lot to sit through the several production numbers she performs in the movie.<br /><br />The story is trite. Ali leaves Iowa for LA on a bus and faces exactly one day of unemployment during our current economic malaise when she discovers the Burlesque Lounge on the Sunset Strip. Talking her way into a waitress job thanks to sympathetic bartender Jack, she desperately tries to persuade the club's owner Tess that she belongs on the stage with all the leggy, lip-synching dancers. A dancer's unplanned pregnancy gives Ali the chance to audition and take her place, and then conveniently, Tess picks Ali to substitute for a drunken Nikki to take the lead one night. Out of spite, Nikki cuts off the recorded music at which point Ali sings in her own voice. In perhaps the most patronizing scene, the awestruck reactions of customers and colleagues insure her immediate stardom and Nikki's vengeful wrath. As Ali's star ascends, she is also caught in a romantic triangle between Jack and a wealthy opportunist named Marcus.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Tess faces the prospect of losing her club despite the good fortune brought forth by Ali's emerging fame. If you can't figure out the rest of the by-the-numbers plot, clearly you don't get out much. Even though the film is a showcase for Aguilera, it is really Cher who anchors it with her dry insouciance and sheer professionalism. At 64, she looks great in a highly cosmeticized way, but it's really her natural likability and her two standout numbers that linger in the memory. The first is a teasing nod to \\"Cabaret\\" called \\"Welcome to Burlesque\\" and the second is a Diane Warren-penned power ballad, \\"You Haven't Seen the Last of Me\\", which she sings with the same emotional fervor Jennifer Hudson did with her big [[ASIN:B000O1799U Dreamgirls]] number, \\"And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going\\". Aguilera acquits herself well as Ali. It's just that the role is such a predictable set of clich&eacute;s when she's offstage.<br /><br />As Tess' loyal confidante, Stanley Tucci plays almost exactly the same role he played in [[ASIN:B000J103PC The Devil Wears Prada]] and in the same wry manner that works just as well here. Cam Gigandet as Jack and Eric Dane as Marcus aren't given much opportunity to make memorable impressions. Kristen Bell has a few choice moments showing her talons as Nikki. Shallow entertainment for those in the mood for it. Extras are plentiful but not indispensable on the 2011 DVD/Blu-Ray. There is a talky but none too insightful commentary track from Antin, an alternate opening sequence that extends the Iowa setting, a five-minute blooper reel, and footage of six uncut musical numbers. The Blue-Ray additionally offers a five-part making-of featurette for true fans of the film.arcus.    Meanwhile, Tess faces the prospect of losing her club despite the good fortune brought forth by Ali's emerging fame. If you can't figure out the rest of the by-the-numbers plot, clearly you don't get out much. Even though the film is a showcase for Aguilera, it is really Cher who anchors it with her dry insouciance and sheer professionalism. At 64, she looks great in a highly cosmeticized way, but it's really her natural likability and her two standout numbers that linger in the memory. The first is a teasing nod to \\"Cabaret\\" called \\"Welcome to Burlesque\\" and the second is a Diane Warren-penned power ballad, \\"You Haven't Seen the Last of Me\\", which she sings with the same emotional fervor Jennifer Hudson did with her big [[ASIN:B000O1799U Dreamgirls]] number, \\"And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going\\". Aguilera acquits herself well as Ali. It's just that the role is such a predictable set of clichs when she's offstage.    As Tess' loyal confidante, Stanley Tucci plays almost exactly the same role he played in [[ASIN:B000J103PC The Devil Wears Prada]] and in the same wry manner that works just as well here. Cam Gigandet as Jack and Eric Dane as Marcus aren't given much opportunity to make memorable impressions. Kristen Bell has a few choice moments showing her talons as Nikki. Shallow entertainment for those in the mood for it. Extras are plentiful but not indispensable on the 2011 DVD/Blu-Ray. There is a talky but none too insightful commentary track from Antin, an alternate opening sequence that extends the Iowa setting, a five-minute blooper reel, and footage of six uncut musical numbers. The Blue-Ray additionally offers a five-part making-of featurette for true fans of the film.
B000083C49|5.0|I absolutely love these movies.  one of the greatest movies.  that is next to The Wrath of Khan and the Search for Spock.  cry everytime I see the Wrath of Khan. Live long and Prosper.
B0048LPRCS|3.0|I'll keep it simple.  Pros: fascinating cinematography, hot lead actress, plenty of sex and nudity, yummy Asian babes, innovative set design.  The director had a vision and I give him credit for seeing it through.  Cons: way too long, redundant, could have been shortened by 45 minutes, self-indulgent, monotonous, lead actor (Oscar) not convincing, hard to hear much of the dialogue, wanted to see more of delicious Paz's perfect body.
159420229X|5.0|Although you will learn a lot about memory technique in this book, it is by no means another cheesy How-to book, which makes it both an enjoyable read as well as educational.   After reading many books on the subject I feel that this book puts the subject in the right perspective and reveals all the truths and mythes about memory and its capabilities.
1848566190|4.0|Great content but it would be better if it contained all of his work. But then again the price would be higher. The written information/explanation of his works is limited but the content is great. I definitely recommend this for anyone interested in in portrait art.
B0019UGYK0|5.0|My son wanted this for his birthday.   He was thrilled to get one of his all time favorite movies.
B001PPLKI0|2.0|First of all, I want to say that I MADE A MISTAKE when I purchased I Believe: The Gospel Masters to further strengthen and round out my 92 cd Elvis Presley music collection. Elvis' voice is so very beautiful as he sings the songs of praise to God and Christ, His Son. Elvis Presley, like perhaps most of us, was a contradiction of sorts. His love for Christian gospel music seems in conflict with both his inabilities to remain faithful in marriage and his addiction to prescription drugs. However, as we age we also find contradictions in our own lives that make us wonder how we could have actually done some of the deeds and said some of the words that are important parts of our own lives. These contradictions exist because we are only human and thus fallible in our words and deeds. Only God, Christ, and the Holy Spirit remain above these human fallibilities. I have neglected to purchase Elvis' gospel music for many years, internally feeling a disjunction between Elvis' rock and roll, rhythm and blues, and slower romantic ballads and his more spiritual gospel recordings. This felt disjunction in Elvis' music is probably indicative of my own personal struggle that I have felt in reconciling my own worldly ways with my own Christian faith. However, I can now see, from wisdom gained from aging, Christian study, and reflection, that the real reason that Christ died for our sins was because of our worldly ways, which serve to take our attention off of our Saviour and instead place that attention on worldly matters. As I have felt more comfortable with, and finally fully embraced, my Christian faith, my own musical listening attention has recently turned to religious music as a brand new and growing section of my large cd collection. A person's true love for music and that same person's vibrant Christian beliefs come from a common internal source. A person's cherished love for music and that same person's deep Christian beliefs both spring from the very same passionate and intuitive place in his/her own personality, in that both outstanding music and deep Christian beliefs feed one's felt need for vital meaning and purpose in life. Listening to the first three cds of I Believe: The Gospel Masters for the first time did an outstanding job of joyfully feeding my felt need for meaning and purpose in life. I hope and pray that if you do purchase I Believe: The Gospel Masters that you will realize as much joy and purpose in life from listening to the first three cds as I felt when first listening to them. The first three cds in I Believe: The Gospel Masters replicate Elvis' remastered versions of his three gospel cds, His Hand In Mine, How Great Thou Art, and He Touched Me. The first three cds are all outstanding gospel music and would deserve a five-star rating. The fourth cd is a collection of Elvis' spiritual music from a variety of sources, and is definitely not of the same uniformly outstanding quality as are the first three cds. There are a few good live gospel songs on the fourth cd, but most of the fourth cd is of dubious quality, so, to maintain the high quality of my cd collection, I have decided to dispose of the fourth cd. Overall, I award the four cds of music found on I Believe: The Gospel Masters a four star rating, a good rating. The packaging in which one receives I Believe: The Gospel Masters is HORRIBLE. The four cds and an accompanying paper booklet are enclosed within a rectangular folded cardboard cover. I immediately removed the cds from the folded cardboard cover and placed them in my own plastic cd cases for their own protection. However, these plastic cd cases have no covers or song listings, which I could happily refer to while listening to these cds. I threw away both the folded cardboard cover and the paper booklet, as neither are easily kept as part of a large cd colection.  I award the packaging in which the four cds are found a one star rating. By averaging the separate ratings of four stars for the music and one star for the packaging, I arrive at a cumulative  2.5 star, less than satisfactory, rating for I Believe: The Gospel Masters. How can other reviewers not complain about the horrible packaging of I Believe? Perhaps they don't care about the quality of their cd collections to the high degree that I do. I am a perfectionist about some things. When I now return to listen once again to the three remaining cds of I Believe, I have no song titles or covers to study and enjoy while I listen to the music! This fact disturbs me so much that I am 1) selling I Believe and am 2) purchasing the three separate remastered versions of His Hand in Mine, How Great Thou Art, and He Touched Me. I strongly recommend that NOT PURCHASE I Believe; The Gospel Masters, but instead purchase the three separate cds.  John
0756404738|4.0|Pat is an exceptional writer.  It would be hard to argue that point.  The histories, magic, music, and characters are all remarkably realized.  I found myself nodding at bits of wisdom Kvothe shares, laughing at his clever quips, and holding my breath along with him as the story unfolded. Despite this, several things kept me from reaching the same peaks of the first book and left me with doubts about the series.    The biggest of these being that although Kvothe has over 1000 pages worth of new experiences, his only development comes through his sexuality.  While the pace in which this happens is somewhat surprising, it fit through his experiences and age.  The remainder of the book only explains the many legends and names surrounding the man.  His successes and failures leave him largely unchanged from the first book.      Other issues I had with the book might be described as mere nit-picking so I will only briefly mention them: the constant reference to Kvothe's Ruh upbringing every time he makes an entrance or holds a face, small discrepancies in how a story would truly be told (unnatural transitions and repeated information), and the number of scowls (and also the many different types: scowls poised to be made, loud scowling, quiet scowling, serious scowls...).  Truthfully, while the number of scowls was initially off-putting, it became a game trying to guess which character would next draw their brows down on Kvothe.      But as Kvothe mentions early on, love despite is something more special than love because.  And I loved this book despite its flaws.      I whole-heartedly recommend this book to anyone who enjoyed the first book in the slightest.  If you did not, I doubt you will like this one.  If you are looking at reviews to decide if you want to start the trilogy I suggest you hold off.  Wait until the third book comes out.  It has the potential to become one of the best, but after this book I am less certain.      3.5 stars by itself, but after the third book is released and questions are answered I may have to edit that...
B0036EH3U2|5.0|This box set contains the core of the new BSG:     The mini series pilot episodes, all four seasons, Razor & The Plan.    There are some extended episodes and extras as well, such as context specific extended information.    Menu navigation and configuration options are presented in a very clean, highly usable interface.    Amazon fulfilled this order quickly and efficiently- priority international shipping meant I received this in Australia in four days. Outstanding.
1439152780|3.0|I have read all of Kate Morton's books and consider myself a fan. I was looking forward to The Distant Hours and I love the premise, but somehow this tale fell short. Oh, the plotting and description are masterful. The castle is creepy, the hints are dropped along the way and you are pulled along through the story. Somehow, though, it was a little too much Edward Gorey and not enough Daphne Du Maurier. For one thing, I didn't find myself caring much about the little old ladies (always a bad sign) and the one character I could find myself in sympathy with (Meredith) wasn't fleshed out until well into the book. By that time I had gotten a little impatient. I can't say that the ending was a terrible surprise, although some of the reveals were unexpected (and a little improbable perhaps). I love Morton's books so this one was a bit disappointing.
1591843790|5.0|Guy Kawasaki does it again! We all know that digital technology has changed the way people communicate. We can now connect, engage, influence, and share anytime, anywhere, but it's only through enchantment (as Guy informs us!) that people and brands establish life-long, enduring relationships. Guy's new book provides in wonderful detail the tactics you need to achieve enchantment, even online. The tactics are straight-forward and easily implementable (not big expensive programs). Each tip opens your mind to new possibilities. Guy's insightful views on how to build relationships based on mutual respect and likability (doesn't everyone want this?) are beneficial to employees and bosses alike. As our communications with others are being whittled down to 140 characters or less, it's more important now than ever to make every interaction engaging - or shall I say, enchanting.
B001F0RA2U|3.0|I bought Redbreast on Wednesday. I finished it on Friday. The experience was more akin to an amusement park ride than a road trip. Jo Nesbo is a skilled storyteller, knows and loves his characters, and does the legwork to make the virtual experience highly entertaining and vivid. However, the story shifts genres 3/4 of the way in from suspense to science fiction. It might work as magical realism series on television.
031603438X|2.0|First let me say I think Keith was a terrific artist in the sixties and seventies but I really dislike the book being a fan of Brian's. My opinion was made more strident after reading in Keno's \\"Rolling With The Stones\\" book of how Keith has not given songwriting credit to Brian, Mick Taylor and Bill Wyman. He had a chance to come clean here and didn't and I don't have a lot of respect for someone who can't admit to their own mistakes especally with hard drugs. I suppose he does reveal his role in certain issues but I still don't feel he understands that he hurt others with his actions.       I'm reading \\"Foundation Stone\\" right now writen by Grahm Ride. That Keith would even attempt to say he introduced Brian to electric blues is worse then him taking Anita away. Taking away Brian's place in history he is doing the man a much bigger diservice. Honestly to those in the know he only makes himself look bad not Brian by going out of his way to discredit all of Brian's musical innovations . Innovations that I feel are as strong or even stronger then Keith's when it comes to       1-Blending blues and rock. Keith makes a big deal about his open tuning in 1968. Ok Keith was good at it but Brian was doing it in 1961!        2-Adding new intruments to rock or at least playing them in a new way         3. Being one of the first mainstreem rock artists to bring world music to the general public.        Books like this are dangerous because they go down in history as the truth. Anyone who gives even a little bit of a damn about the Stones should not roll over on this as without Brian Jones we NEVER would have heard this wonderful music.     Let's go even deeper. Keith doesn't credit Bill or Brian for any of the riffs. He even says it was him and Mick who wanted to bring the blues to the world with Little Red Rooster. Also he claims to have taught Ike Turner open tuning. Guess he never heard his early stuff. To me Brian was the most interesting in the band and it must be said he actually did write a lot of the music. \\"Ruby Tuesday\\" was his and Keith's, he wrote parts of all the Nanker/Phelge songs, and he also wrote the music for some of the Satanic LP. He wasn't credited and that was part of the reason he LEFT the band. He was NOT fired but left after making it clear that he no longer wanted to be a part of the group by simply not showing up.     Unlike the myth that Keith tries to sell us Brian worked hard on every LP up through \\"Beggers\\". It was only the early Let It Bleed sessions that saw him not participating. Again I must say people should read Keno's \\"Rolling With The Stones\\" for the truth about what Brian did and did not do. Both of Bill Wyman's and Marriane Faithfull's first book also are much clearer on Brian's role in the band. He did sing quite a bit in 62-64 (a little bit through 66 as well) although he only did a few leads that sadly remain in the vaults. I also recomend people read \\"Golden Stone\\" by Laura Jackson and \\"Death Of A Rolling Stone\\" by Mandy Aftel both fair and solid books on Brian.    Since 1980 Keith had gotten bitchy about Mick and Brian and it's sad and old. Brian didn't do anything Keith and Mick haven't done. Hitting girls, knocking them up, getting loaded and blowing off a performance. Brian was a kid messed up in the head who had a drug problem. Yet it seems that he had a very kind side and he certainly had intelect and talent. It also seems he was trying to straighten out by 1969.    I don't excuse how Brian's faults but I also don't excuse Keith or Anita for what they did either. Brian's ego never matched Keith's growing ego of the last 32 years and Mr. Richards was also known to beat Anita. A real hypocrite! Andrew, Mick, and Keith did steer the band away from Brian but he was so popular and good at his craft that it was only after Brian died that Keith got much attention publically. That is a fact! It's also a fact that Keith gave Brian a lot of credit before the 80's and his brain became a pile of mush.     Brian never had a chance to grow up and he did some bad things, but one thing Brian didn't do was put his bandmates down in public. Brian was very well spoken and articulate. If he had a reason to bash Keith he would have not taken cheap shots and would have explained his views. If Keith died I can't picture Brian acting like Richards has. Again I ask what happened to the cool pre 1979 Keith?
1594202842|3.0|First, let me start off by saying that I give this book 3 stars not 4 due to the author's writing style. Perhaps she was trying to write this to appeal to the general public, but I found her word choice to be too elementary.    I was intrigued by this book when I heard about the subject matter.  As a new parent, I find that I am curious about various parenting styles.  It seems that new mothers are innundated with information and strong opinions from veteran mother's which can become very overwhelming.  I try not to take advice too seriously--and I'm very glad because it seems that if my instinct has served me well thus far.      I am amazed by how much controversy this book has created. Chua approaches this book as a memior, not as a parenting guide as many of the reviews I read seemed to indicate.  I laughed out loud several times while reading this book and found that she was quite frank about her missteps as a parent.  Although I do not agree with her overall parenting style, I agree with some of the points that she makes about western parenting in general.      I thoroughly enjoyed the content of this memior and would recommend it to friends who would \\"get\\" what she is trying to say.  This is not a book I would recommend to the average reader.  It seems like the average reader is taking this MUCH too seriously.
0061122416|5.0|Have you ever dreamed of doing something, traveling maybe? Did you always put that dream on the back burner because of time or money? Have you ever considered that your dream is your personal legend...your destiny? In Paulo Coelho's novel, The Alchemist, the shepherd boy, Santiago, did. His entire life he dreamed of travel and, only recently, of treasure. After much deliberation, he went for it because a wise old king in a golden breastplate told him, \\"To realize one's destiny is a person's only obligation. And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.\\" Thus unfolds a thrilling adventure of trial, hardship, and a hope for success, laced with dreams, visions, love, and good and bad omens while a young shepherd boy try's to learn the language of the universe and communicate with the \\"Soul of the World.\\"  For me, The Alchemist is a very intriguing book and, although it is a little slow in some places, is hard to put down. From where Santiago starts out, I expected some of what happens, but not everything. I found that, just when I was thinking I had everything figured out, something happened to make me wonder if I was correct. It is a book full of \\"what ifs\\" and second-guesses that kept me on my toes. I felt that, as each of the characters search out their \\"personal legend,\\" and learn about themselves, I started to learn about myself and found myself looking at my own life, wondering if I am following my destiny.  I found this book to be very enjoyable and engaging. It wasn't just an idle read, but it wasn't hard to comprehend either. There is no way to walk away from this book without a great deal of thought and consideration. I would suggest this book to everyone who wants a good read that doesn't require a Urim and Thummim, but does ask for more than a skimmer's eye.
087033039X|2.0|I found the book to be limited in scope.  For example, there are no instructions for the braid illustrated on the cover.  This particular braid doesn't appear any where in the book.  I was looking for instructions for this specific braid pattern.  The illustration on the cover prompted me to buy the book and I was, needless to say, disappointed.  I could probably \\"figure it out\\" but I bought the book so I wouldn't have to.     In another instance, the written instructions directly conflict with the visual illustration, one showing the opposite of what the other says.  It took me a good hour to figure out the illustration was correct, not the written instructions.      On the upside, there are a broad variety of beautiful braids available with (presumably) accurate and complete instructions.  Overall: frustrating.
B004I2K4DY|4.0|I first fell in love with Les Miz when I was about 12 years old.  That time, I did a play.  In that play, I played six parts: three of them being females and three of them be males.  My most well know character that I played was the Old Woman who buys Fantine's hair for 10 francs.  Enough talking about me..    This experience of seeing it on TV made me wonder, will I get to do that kind of stuff when I'm older?  Probably not.  I guess that you have to be a really good singer to sing as either a character or the chorus.  Then again, you can perform in the live orchestra in the background.    What an imagination I have!
1594202842|5.0|I was expecting to be lectured by an Eastern Mom who had it all figured out and intended to challenge us Western parents.  What I got instead from Amy Chua's \\"Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mom\\" was more of a soul baring and a concession that hers is not a \\"perfect\\" formula for parenting.  I loved Chua's candidness when it came to her struggle between East and West when trying to do the \\"right thing\\" for her girls.  I have much respect for Eastern expectations of trans-generational family loyalty and can see how being that \\"helicopter parent\\" fits into that pattern.  Living amongst Western based families plus being married to a Westerner turned out to be tough hurdles to overcome for Chua with regards to family dynamics.  In retrospect, her daughters ultimately appreciated her drive and personal sacrifices since they were able to surpass their peers at many levels - but at what cost?  I feel there is much to learn from Chua's mission to instill drive and hard work into their daughters' upbringing but I also think this parenting style needs to be tweaked to allow more compassion and to avoid sacrificing relationships.  A real eye-opener to be read with an open mind.
B001AEF6D6|5.0|One of the greatest movies of my lifetime!  It has been a family favorite since it came out and we are so happy to now be proud owners to watch whenever we need our Dude fix!
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I must say, Les miz is by far my favorite broadway show.  I have seen it upwards of 20 performed live (both on Broadway and Touring Groups).  I own the Broadway and London Soundtracks as well as the Symphonic Recording.  I have the 10th Anniversary concert on CD and Video (haven't gotten the DVD).  I saw this on PBS and was blown away.  My daughter saw that Nick Jonas was in it and decided to watch it.  (She's 7 and I hadn't introduced her to this particular show, although she has seen many - including Wicked).  I have to say, all of the criticism of Nick is uncalled for.  I admit, he's not the best I've ever heard, but he's not the worst either.  He held his own throughout the show.  The music, staging, lighting were incredible.  I only wish that just one time a concert like this would be staged in the States, rather than London.  I would travel just about anywhere to see a concert such as this.  I got chills during \\"Bring Him Home\\" and cried during the Finale.  For the encore, when the original cast came out - well that was worth waiting for.  Colm Wilkinson singing \\"Bring Him Home\\" with the other Valjean's was beyond amazing.  I have always considered this song a prayer and the harmonies and blends of this performance just proves how much of a prayer it is.  And the encore of \\"One Day More\\" was unbelievable.  Again, to the Nick Jonas naysayers - there has to be a reason he was cast.  I agree that his voice wasn't as powerful as some of the others, but he's young and is still learning.  Who knows where he'll be in 25 years?
B004G5ZXVQ|4.0|The ringing drone that opens \\"Discoverer\\", the first song on Collapse Into Now, serves notice that we're about to experience something fresh and unique and exciting from this band of fifty-somethings.  But once that opening effortlessly grinds into a grungy Monster-esque riff, once the old R.E.M. machine is up and running, we know we're about to experience something great.         Michael's war-cry during the song's chorus, and especially at its close, sounds both defiant and frustrated.  This is a band on a mission.  \\"All the Best\\" follows \\"Discoverer\\" and it too is a pure rocker with a sort of Foo Fighters vibe: layers of electric guitars going in different directions and tempos against a bashing, straight-forward beat.    There are a handful of these energetic songs here, brash and invigorated with a renewed, youthful sense of purpose.  \\"Mine Smell Like Honey\\" sounds like what \\"Imitation of Life\\" would have if they had put their hearts into it.  \\"Alligator Aviator Autopilot Antimatter\\" and \\"That Someone Is You\\" made me despair only because I know I won't hear them played live this summer.  (The band has already announced that they won't be touring to support this album.)   These songs are short and to the point.  But they're not as refined as the quick-attack of Accelerate, and as such attach themselves more tightly to the listener. (At forty-one minutes, Collapse is about six minutes longer than its predecessor.)        After the 1-2 punch of \\"Discoverer\\" and \\"All the Best\\" at its head, the album settles in with a string of slower songs, beginning with \\"Uberlin\\", a song that, like the best R.E.M. songs, masterfully balances light and dark.  Indeed, this dynamic forms the heart of the album, and suggests a kinship with their melancholy masterpiece, Automatic for the People.   \\"Oh My Heart\\" features Peter's propulsive acoustic strumming and seems to be a sequel to \\"Houston\\" with a \\"I Me Mine\\"-like chorus.  \\"It Happened Today\\" sounds stock-R.E.M. at first thanks toPeter's fall-back jangle punctuating every verse, but eventually builds into something nice and inspiring a la \\"Everybody Hurts\\".   After \\"Mine Smell Like Honey\\" interrupts the meditative air, \\"Walk It Back\\" is highlighted by Michael's direct and touching vocals over a jaunty piano.  He's a crooner here, Sinatra without the Rat-pack bravado and toupee.       The album closes strongly, though at the opposite end of the emotional palate from the beginning.  First comes the haunting mandolin-driven \\"Me & Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando & I\\", which is reminiscient of thier darker work on Green.  Then the album closes gorgeously with a track called \\"Blue\\".      The song is part \\"Country Feedback\\" and part \\"Belong\\".  Like \\"Feedback\\", an acoustic guitar supplies the rhythm under a heavily-distorted guitar.  Like \\"Belong\\", Michael's opts to speak rather than sing, in an equally distorted voice that entices the listener to strain to understand his words.  This time though, Michael's wail on \\"Belong\\" is replaced by Patti Smith's softer lament, which also gives it a tinge of \\"E-bow the Letter\\".  By fusing together characteristics from these classics, the band creates an even stronger new piece.  But there's more.  Even as the tension builds, as Patti and Michael accelerate towards the song's conclusion, we're sitting back expecting the album to close on a nice poignant note.  But there's a surprise at the end that abruptly shifts the mood from poignancy to euphoria.  It's a bit of pure genius, a touch that both brings the album full-circle artistically and inspires the listener to want to replay it over and over again.    Some might see this work as nothing more than a retread.  And it's easy to be cynical when Peter dusts off the old mandolin. (Though folks tend to forget that \\"Losing My Religion\\" wasn't the first time he'd used the instrument either.)  But this is the best American band in the last thirty years, a group that has released the most consistent flow of quality work in that time than perhaps any other band in the world, and as such deserve more consideration.  When I listen to Collapse, I don't hear a band falling back on old tricks, but one consolidating the gains of thirty years hard work and mastery at their craft.      This is their best album since at least Up, and maybe even Automatic, depending on your tastes.  It's a vibrant work.  Though one has to listen close to what he's saying in \\"Blue\\", Michael's last words are clear and fitting: \\"This is my time/and I am thrilled to be alive/Living/blessed/I understand/Twentieth century/ collapse into now\\".
014241543X|1.0|I got this book after reading so many positive reviews, especially since it was compared to \\"The Lovely Bones\\" which I loved but this book is nothing like that book. \\"The Lovely Bones\\" was so emotionally charged but this book just falls flat, I was half-way through the book yet did not care at all for any of the characters. I agree about the other reviewers' take on the protagonist's parents who were supposed to be all hip and modern (allowing their teens to drink and paying for their contraceptives, freely cursing, etc) but it all came off really badly. It didn't get any better towards the end either and the ending, of course, was predictable.     If you still want to read it, I suggest taking it out from the library which is thankfully what I did. It's not worth the money.
B002ZG977Y|4.0|Since I like the original film more, I'll not suffer to make any comparisons (as this wasn't a very faithful adaption in any regard, the matter is moot).  I'll just say that I also liked this \\"same titled movie\\" and leave it at that.  Besides, any movie with Pete Postlethwaite in it already has a lot going for it.  The man was stellar.<br />What is impressive about this new version is its darker, grubby/grimy look.  It wasn't as pristine as most costume action flicks.  It was also populated by a surly lot (gods and mortals alike, everyone seemed miffed about something), for some reason I found that amusing.  Plus, there were those great monsters, a snakier Medusa, and of course the Kraken.  Loved the star field opening sequence (which I assume was spectacular in 3D).  Since I never saw the 3D version of this film, that isn't an issue for me, I took this film as it was presented: not great, but good enough.  I was entertained.  (I'm very basic that way.)<br />If I have a complaint, it's slight: the owl.  As that owl played a major role in the original film, but was only a brief toss-off in this one, I'm left wondering why it was included: homage or for mocking purposes?  Then too, there was Sam Worthington's (ahem) acting.  I know he spent a great deal of print space bragging how much better this version was then the old film and that he most certainly did NOT want to work with THAT owl...  Those considerations aside, Sam was the only character/actor I couldn't vividly recall after viewing the movie.  He scowled a lot, I remember that, but he lacked presence.  So it's a little disappointing to learn he'll reprise Perseus for the sequel (and possible third film?).  Hopefully by then he'll have realized that even a little personality goes a long way.<br />I will be keeping this film for my collection, but it will NOT go on the same shelf as the original!  No point in adding insult to injury.
B004G600A4|5.0|Tangled is the first movie that we took our 4 and 2 year old daughters to in a theater, and they LOVED the entire experience! The movie is fun, and not too dark and dreary as some other Disney princess movies can be. My daughters love Rapunzels hair, to the point that their goal is to get their own hair as long as hers! They brush it every night saying that they want it to be like Rapunzel.   The movie is a nice, refreshing take on an old tale. It even is fun for the adults. (Spoiler Alert) My wife and I were cracking up at the stages that Rapunzel goes through when she has finally left home, and the good and bad, happy and devastaded phases she was going through. Max and Flynn's (Eugene) \\"fights\\" were hilarious as well. Overall, we loved it. And will most positively keep this movie in our home library.
B00406UK7S|3.0|They lost me at the start, that overused gimmick of beginning a movie in mid stride only to abruptly put a halt to the unexplained action by pulling back to another point in time.  In effect saying, never mind, pay no attention to that guy running in the snow, it's not about that...yet.  I immediately start to worry when the beginning has to be started twice.<br />How historical this was I do not know and frankly it didn't pique my interest enough to find out.<br />I will say that it was action packed, very bleak and very violent, with a whole lot of running/chasing/running, more running, even more running...fighting, running, more fighting.  I found it amusing that the Romans were a bit put off because the Picts fought \\"without honor.\\"  Meaning that they didn't fool around but got down to the business at hand: kill or be killed.  They were obviously better at it because they didn't weigh themselves down with heavy noisy armor.  Nor did they march in formation and group themselves into easy targets.  Basically, this was a combat picture and a lesson in enemies (sometimes the person sitting next to you might prove more hazardous to your health than the people you are fighting).  This movie was even structured a bit like a horror film: high body count, horrible ways of dying, few left while the closing credits roll.  And!  Unmemorable characters, I forgot who was dead who wasn't, I started counting heads, found that difficult because so many people were losing theirs.  In the end, I was left wondering what the point was; who were you supposed to root for?<br />It helps to know that this movie did not fare well in the UK, which explains why it went straight to DVD after that.<br /><br />I am glad I watched it, not a bad time killer, but it didn't make it into my collection.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|Let's say this is my SECOND bag. I bought one and gave it to my friend. then i had a choice to buy another bag, but i chose to buy this one again. it's a very good bag. i like carrying all and every piece of accessory dealing with photography around in that bag. I can say it has soo much room!       many people have complained that it's not that comfortable. I am 5'7 and wear small-medium shirts. It fits me perfectly and is comfortable.     one con are those straps. they hang too loose if you dont strap them up.   Inside the bag main compartment:    Nikon d5000  35mm lens  18-55 kit lens  70-300mm lens  sb600 flash  alot of nicknacks to fill the spaces.  and a spot left for my future Fish Eye. =D
B002ZG976U|1.0|Although I've been a Cher fan since I was a little boy, I did not like this film.  I did not like the style of music in the film and see it more of a chick flick romance.  Men probably would like it for the women cavorting around in their underwear, but the slow pace of the film can hardly make it worth it.  I'd reccomend sampling the music before buying; if you like this sort of music, you'd probably like this film--the plot was predictable--I'd figured out the ending in the first 1/2 hour.  I'm more of a fan of old school Broadway musicals like South Pacific and Sound of Music, movies that you left the theater singing the songs.  To me the music in the movie was quite forgettable.  It had glitz, but none of the fun of Moulan Rouge, and it took me two days to actually get through the whole film.
0345472322|1.0|Although the ideas covered in this book are very interesting the book itself is unbelievably poorly done.  The first 200 pages basically repeat the same general example over and over again - if you have a fixed mindset you will be less successful in the long run than if you have a growth mindset.  It repeatedly tells you to \\"switch to a growth mind set and try again.\\"  Finally, in the end it tells you how to actually make this switch.  Oh wait, no it doesn't.  After suffering through all the examples to finally get to the \\"lessons\\" it never really covers how to switch from one mind set to another.  It gives a little bit of vague situational advice and talks about how her workshops can teach you to do it, but never really teaches you the information you suffered through the whole book to read.
B000A1SZ2Y|5.0|It a great piece of glass for macro photography on a budget. I use this with 18-55mm and 55-250mm on my T2i camera. It took me a while to take great photos and I want to share my finding with you.<br /><br />1. You need a higher F number so that everything is in focus (F11-F32) otherwise only 1 tiny part of the subject is in focus.<br />2. You need to set your lens on infinity focus and then move your camera forward and backward till you get the subject in focus.<br />3. I use the viewfinder to focus on subject and as soon as I hear the beep I click the shot.<br />4. To prevent camera shake (while holding it in hand) use higher shutter speed.<br />5. Use manual mode of your camera to set high F number and high shutter speed.<br />6. Use manual focusing, press the button halfway and move closer to your subject, as soon as you hear the focus beep press the shutter button completely to take the shot.<br />7. In some situation I also used LCD screen as the subject was too small and it worked out well.<br />8. Create a homemade diffuser to avoid shadows on your subject. I just attach a Styrofoam plate in front of the lens so that the light is diffused.<br /><br />As I said earlier, the lens is of good quality and I have no complains as far as the quality of image is concerned. I hope this review helps you!
B003L20IFQ|5.0|This movie is not for the claustrophobic or the faint-hearted. I'm not going to go over the plot since other reviewers have done that already but I would just like to point out a few things:  Ryan Reynolds is an excellent actor, the movie shows how evil people can be, and sometimes, even those that are supposed to help you, leave you in the lurch.  The vile things that happened to Paul in this story is a reality to some people. We are being deceived by the media, the government and even own beliefs that such heinous things happen.  And this movie serves as an example of how working class people suffer at the hands of corporations and situations that we are powerless against.  To me, it shows not only a man trapped in a box but a man buried by the evil in the world.
0756404738|5.0|Patrick Rothfuss nailed this sequel. Though it's hard to know how good this book is since the end of the trilogy isn't published, I enjoyed every minute I spent reading it. For four days all I wanted to do was to withdraw from the world and read. Nothing makes me realize how good a book is more than the old familiar desire to disappear and lose myself in the pages of good fiction. I enjoyed the journey and while it seems like some parts were slower than others, I truly enjoyed the entire novel. Can't wait to read the rest of Kvothe's story.
B000FA5TTW|3.0|In parts I found the narrative weak and it was difficult to figure out where it was all going...is this a murder mystery? A dramatic tragedy? A ghost story? Supernatural thriller? Dialogue often seemed stilted and characters needed more depth. This made it hard to become engaged sometimes as we follow the main character floating over her life that is continuing without her. She is there but isn't there. Watching and regretting but a part of it only in memory. By the end, though, I thought it pulled everything together enough that it became a quite beautiful tale of the living and the dead dealing with tragedy...moving on...coping. Regrets of the hole left when you lose someone...or die too soon. These are dark areas of the human psyche and the book offers some creative ways of fleshing them out. Lots of literature can show us a horrible crime, those touched by it gathering with candles...the catharsis of it all. But no one has told the story like this before. Much of it was hit or miss but overall for me there was enough strange beauty in the atmosphere, language, sentiments, subject matter and etc to make it worthwhile. Not one of the best books I have read but definitely, at times, beautiful and intriguing.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is the best book I have read in a long time. I can't wait to read the second book in the series.
B004ETVAH0|1.0|The first few songs were ok, but overall this is one of the worst CDs I have ever purchased. I could not even make it all the way through. There is very little that is rock n' roll about this CD, title notwithstanding. It is sappy, pop crap stuff. The woman singer is insufferable. I simply do not understand how anyone could give this CD a five star rating. I would give it zero stars if I could, and I wish I could get my money back.
0375507256|5.0|Cloud Atlas is quite simply one of the best books I've read in the past five years. David Mitchell challenges the reader to pay attention to every word and nearly every word is worthy of full attention.  The book is a collection of six stories linked together by the idea of storytelling - each of the episodes confronts the reader with the question of \\"what makes us act or not act?\\" This book is for you if you enjoy heavy reading and believe that a talented writer can push you to be a more thoughtful person.  This book is not for you if you are looking for a relaxing read. Great great work, it will stay with me for awhile.
B002ZG98FU|5.0|Great movie, it really shows how all the morning shows work but puts it in a fun way!! love all actors and actresses who play in it!! highly recommend it to everyone!!
B004I2K4DY|5.0|As much as I have loved Les Miserables over the last 25 years I think this concert was about the best version I have seen and heard.  I have the DVD on order (saw the show on PBS last night) but I bought the 2010 cast album thinking it was a recording of the concert.  I now realise my mistake.  Although the album is good it does not compare to the concert that we saw last night on PBS.  I hope that someone in their infinite wisdom will wake up and say, \\"Oh my God we could sell a million of these CD's\\"
B002ZCY7TG|5.0|While perhaps not as action packed as seasons 2 or 3 this is nevertheless great entertainment solidly in the tradition of previous seasons. There is a bit of a lull toward the middle, and several red herrings that initially are a bit distracting but ultimately prove to be interesting ( I'm specifically thinking of the Dana Welsh story). There are some frustrating tragedies along the way (as is typical of previous seasons) but overall things end in a satisfying fashion. At least the ending is in harmony with the character of Jack Bauer. I thought the scene with Jack Bauer trapping President Logan's convoy in the tunnel was a classic 24 scene. It is the kind of scenario that makes this series so much fun.<br /><br />I give the writers and actors credit for inventing a type of writing and acting that falls into its own category. It is probably pointless to compare this unique genre with other entertainment. You will probably either love it or hate it. But if you liked previous seasons you are almost sure to enjoy season eight as well.<br /><br />I have to add that I really enjoyed the blu-ray edition. I often have trouble seeing all the action in extremely intense scenes and the extra detail clarified much of the confusion.
B001OQCV2E|3.0|Most everyone dies on the planet, but our hero who can drive thru a building can make it till the end.      Once you get past all the dumb luck and fancy driving and flying, you can enjoy the movie.    Not much point about mankind.  Just family adventure.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|Mumford and Sons have a unique up-beat attitude and almost joy about them that is displayed in their music and lyrics. Highly recommend this album.
1591843790|5.0|Have a highlighter next to you when you set out to read Enchantment as this is that kind of a book: it is instructive and practical, full of actionable advice and real-world tips that we can all use in our lives. Whether you are a senior executive who wants to sharpen the saw, an emergent leader who wants to position herself for career success or an individual contributor who wants to attract positive attention, this book will help you.<br /><br />You will find 12 practical steps for being more likable and 10 important aspects for achieving trustworthiness. Trustworthiness is key as the entire premise of the book is based on a foundation of integrity: influencing others without compromising our integrity. Emerson said: \\"Imitation is suicide.\\" This book is not about imitation--it's about being inspired by others and learning the best practices for enchanting so that you can make them a part of your personal operating system.<br /><br />Chapters that I found extremely useful, as well, are the ones on how to use social media to influence others and get results: One chapter is on PUSH TECHNOLOGY (which \\"brings your story to people\\"--this includes presentations, e-mail and Twitter) and PULL TECHNOLOGY (which \\"brings people to your story--this includes Websites, blogs, Facebook, Linkedin and YouTube.) There is also an intriguing chapter entitled \\"Think Japanese.\\"<br /><br />And that's not all; there is smart advice on how to enchant your employees (and even volunteers!) and how to enchant your boss.<br /><br />Each chapter also ends with someone telling their own personal story of a moment when they were enchanted. These are inspiring, indeed. You will never forget, for example, Eric Dawson's story.<br /><br />In the spirit of full disclosure: My own book is mentioned in Enchantment and I had the privilege of reading the draft form of the manuscript.
B002E01LTI|4.0|Same as one, Is a great moive. Very good effects in the blu ray. sound a bit off. Very disappointed that it was not in wide screen. Really wish Amazon would be a bit clearer on the format of a movie.
B000001FTJ|5.0|Swordfishtrombones is simply outstanding, incredibly entertaining and dynamic. If you like Tom Waits music this should be part of your collection. If you are new to Tom Waits, Swordfishtrombones and Rain Dogs should be the fist two of his albums that you buy. 16 shells, In the neighborhood, and Frank's wild years are my favorite songs on the album.
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|After watching this movie called A Beautiful Mind by Russell Crowe at you tube...but could not watch the full movie.. i was \\"force\\" to order it from amazon.com and it was shipped to my address, and i never liked maths in high school. but after watching this! I'm getting A's in all my maths courses in the university. thanks to amazon and to God...if you are finding anything difficult in Life try watching this...it will take you to the next level...i recommend it to all...
B003EYVXXW|4.0|In the \\"making of\\" featurette, the writer/director of this film, claims to be interested in telling the story of Hypatia of Alexandria in order to explain astronomical subjects like elliptical orbits.  But he is reportedly an atheist, and it is hard to avoid the conclusion that he actually chose his subject to put Christianity in a bad light vis-a-vis paganism.  This is not an easy movie for Christians to watch.  Unfortunately for us Christians, the film tells basically a true history.<br /><br />Especially disturbing is the way Egyptian actor Sammy Samir portrayed Cyril, bishop of Alexandria, as creepily villainous.  Samir's performance will make you hate Cyril, but the harsh reality is that Cyril, now \\"Saint Cyril,\\" was one of the worst men of his age.  He persecuted the harmless Christian Novation sect, and he persecuted the Jews, destroying their synagogues and exiling 40,000 of them from Alexandria.  He challenged the civil authority of the Roman prefect Orestes.  In one historical incident depicted in the movie, Cyril's Nitrian monk thugs assault the prefect, and despite Orestes' plea that he was a Christian just like them, a monk named Ammonius threw a stone at him, striking him in the head and covering his face with blood.  After Orestes had the man killed, Cyril honored Ammonius as a Christian martyr and renamed him St. Thaumasius the Wonderful.  But this was going to far even for the mobs of Alexandria, and Cyril backpedaled.<br /><br />Mercifully, what \\"Saint\\" Cyril's Parabalani and Nitrian monks did to Hypatia is not fully depicted in the film.  We are spared the gory and gruesome details.  Some years later, Cyril pursued a vendetta against Nestorius, Bishop of Constantinople, with all the villainous alacrity he displayed in his struggle to consolidate absolute power in Alexandria, but the film doesn't go into this.  I can't help feeling that Sammy Samir captured the true essence of St. Cyril of Alexandria.
1439102724|2.0|What Cait (#3 in this list) said.  Plus the music is boring and bland.  Ironically, much like a lot of \\"Christian\\" music I've heard.  I'd buy this used, or get from the library.  I wish I hadn't paid full price.
B0038Z5T4Q|5.0|Great movie. I purchased it because I wanted to see the new one, but I wanted some history. Awesome DVD.
B0020TS5LK|4.0|Is a great moive. Very good effects in the blu ray. sound a bit off. Very disappointed that it was not in wide screen. Really wish Amazon would be a bit clearer on the format of a movie.
B00008FKDJ|5.0|Swordfishtrombones is simply outstanding, incredibly entertaining and dynamic.  If you like Tom Waits music this should be part of your collection.  If you are new to Tom Waits, Swordfishtrombones and Rain Dogs should be the fist two of his albums that you buy. 16 shells, In the neighborhood, and Frank's wild years are my favorite songs on the album.
B001MEJY8W|4.0|Martyrs (Pascal Laugier, 2008)<br /><br />Pascal Laugier's first feature film, Saint Ange, is one of those movies that you watch and simply can't believe it's a first feature film. It's absolutely stunning, a fantastic piece of atmospheric supernatural horror easily on a par with Amenabar's The Others or del Toro's The Devil's Backbone, and it made my list of the hundred best movies of the past decade. I had no idea what Laugier's second feature was going to bring to the table, but if you'd asked me in 2008, when torture porn was already dying on the vine, what directors would be able to bring something fresh to the table, Laugier would have been on my short list.<br /><br />Enter Martyrs, Laugier's second feature, and quite possibly the best torture porn film ever made. I gave Hostel and Saw high ratings, but as I explained during a debate on the subject back in 2006, it's more because those are important to American cinema (vis-a-vis us finally getting to where the Asian film market was twenty years previous) and them being enjoyable than any sort of filmmaking brilliance. This, on the other hand, is flat-out brilliant, and it would have gotten an even higher rating had I been able to figure out what the hell was going on in the first half-hour of it.<br /><br />Plot: We begin with a look back at two girls, Anna and Lucie, in a facility of some sort (orphanage? group home?), then fast-forward to the present day, where the bulk of the film takes place. We begin with Lucie (Hereafter's Mylene Jampanoi) breaking into what seems to be a typical suburban family's house and killing them. She then calls Anna (The Three Loves of Daniel Shore's Morjana Alaoui), and we begin to get the backstory: Lucie is convinced these people held her captive, torturing her, for years. Anna is not entirely sure, but is willing to help Lucie get rid of the bodies, at least. Until they discover they're not alone in the house...<br /><br />If the movie were just this, given Laugier's ability to make the air in his films practically shimmer with suspense, he would have come up with a solid, if relatively unremarkable, suspense/slasher/monster/what-have-you flick. (While I don't want to give it away, I will say that the \\"not alone\\" that they're in the house with is played by a Cirque du Soleil contortionist, Isabelle Chasse, and she is terrifying.) But that's only the first bit. It takes up about two-thirds of the movie, and that is, indeed, a solid-f-relatively-unremarkable suspense/slasher/monster/what-have-you flick. But then Laugier throws us the ultimate curve ball: one should assume Laugier wouldn't take on a straight torture porn flick and that he was playing the genre's conventions and our expectations of them, but one didn't, and one felt entirely stupid. But just because Laugier is playing the genre, and playing you, and looking at the situation he's created (he also wrote the script) with profound sympathy and even a hint of sweetness, that doesn't mean he doesn't realize he's still making a torture porn film. The last half-hour or so is empirically less ugly than the first bit, but because of the way he's set everything up, he's created atmospheric horror at its best; your mind should be able to fill in all the blanks, save the one blank he wants you to not fill in until the Big Reveal. (There's a great deal I want to say about the Big Reveal to folks debating it on various movie sites, but it would all be major spoilers. I'll just say this: it's quite obvious Pascal Laugier is familiar with the work of Georges Bataille, especially The Tears of Eros.)<br /><br />Also worth noting, because he's suddenly exploded: the film contains Xavier Dolan, albeit in a rather small role. (Dolan is getting major press as the director and star of Heartbeats as I write this. I've heard the word \\"prodigy\\" attached to his name three times this week alone.)<br /><br />One of the things that separates movies like Martyrs and Hostel from the run-of-the-mill torture porn flick is character development. You can identify more with a three-dimensional character than you can with the cardboard dummies who populate films like Train, released the same year as Martyrs, or The Collector (the 2009 film from the Saw-franchise guys). This is what makes Martyrs truly effective, and it's also what makes it art, as opposed to cheap exploitation. Something like The Collector is obviously there for the sole purpose of making money. Martyrs exists to explore something deeper. This has, inevitably, made it a disappointment to the audience who most expected to like it (and the ambiguous ending has the typical torture porn viewer in fits, as I noted a couple of paragraphs ago), and the torture porn label has probably kept away the people who would most appreciate it. I'm telling you not to make that mistake--this is a serious piece of filmmaking, not a quick-buck-out-the-door fly-by-night production. If you're squeamish, you may not enjoy the experience, but Martyrs is a movie you should definitely see. ****dentify more with a three-dimensional character than you can with the cardboard dummies who populate films like Train, released the same year as Martyrs, or The Collector (the 2009 film from the Saw-franchise guys). This is what makes Martyrs truly effective, and it's also what makes it art, as opposed to cheap exploitation. Something like The Collector is obviously there for the sole purpose of making money. Martyrs exists to explore something deeper. This has, inevitably, made it a disappointment to the audience who most expected to like it (and the ambiguous ending has the typical torture porn viewer in fits, as I noted a couple of paragraphs ago), and the torture porn label has probably kept away the people who would most appreciate it. I'm telling you not to make that mistake--this is a serious piece of filmmaking, not a quick-buck-out-the-door fly-by-night production. If you're squeamish, you may not enjoy the experience, but Martyrs is a movie you should definitely see. ****
0375703764|4.0|House of Leaves tells the story of a house, that may or may not exist in some parallel universe, that is sixs inches larger on the inside than the outside. Danielewski takes what is a familar subgenre in science fiction, the exploration of a BDO or big dumb object, and twists it to the horror genre and as far as meta fiction where the physical layout of the narrative (of which there are at least three with Johnny Truant, a former junkie in love with a stripper named Thumper the most compelling and perhaps reliable.)<br /><br />As in all good literature the very inexplicableness of the object itself (think of the monolith in 2001 a Space Odyssey)shows us the true natue of the people who respond to it in myriad ways. In House of Leaves the house drives some people crazy, drives others to murder, and ultimetly causes some to realize that they were truly in love -- sometimes too late.<br /><br />The exploration of the house creates more artifacts, a book, a video tape and commentary that carry a least some of the house's mojo with it creating an arc that only our modern day Odysseus, Johhny Truant, seems to fully grasp. Ultimetly this is the story of ordinary people thrust into an extraordinary situation and how some fall apart and others find themselves (though its not always pretty.)<br /><br />I didn't give it five stars because after the third read through I started to lose interest in all of the riddles within riddles but perhaps that's because I had gotten what I needed from this book.
B002ZG98FU|1.0|I like all the actors but this was just bad...bad script...bad directing...bad editing. DO NOT waste your time on this movie. Lets hope that they do better next time.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|This rendition was so very satisfying, so very refreshing, so very unformulaic.     My previous experience with Elizabeth Gaskell was the BBC version of \\"Wives & Daughters,\\" which is fabulously done, except I lost respect for Roger when he begins to moon after Cynthia, never mind Osbourne's spending money that is not his in pursuit of \\"true love.\\"      Now, THIS, on the other hand . . . it was not until this point that I realized the ending of P&P was rather wanting. A marriage proposal as they plod along a dirt path behind another couple. . . meh.     In no way did N&S disappoint. I stopped watching Charles Dickens' adaptations because I usually can guess all the mysteries, but with this, the plot unfolded without ever giving me a hint, and the ending - I did not see that coming.     This is now the crown of my BBC collection. Stupendous.
0061998494|5.0|If you enjoy Craig Ferguson's humor and have always wondered what lies underneath this witty, entertaing Scotsman, this book is for you.  Fascinating guy.
B002436WFI|5.0|This movie was is from Terry Pratchett's series \\"Disc World\\" it is the first story of that same series.  The audience is introduced to Rinsewind a failed wizard with forty years practice and no magic to show for it.  Two-Flower the Disc World's first tourist explores the world with his eyes open and his mind totally shut.  The hi-jinx that follow are similar in flavour to anything that Douglas Adams wrote and just as enjoyable.  Though not totally true to the book, this adaptation is close enough that even die-hard literary fans should find it enjoyable.<br /><br />Personally I loved it and watch it again and again.<br /><br />Oh and a little trivia fact for you.  The actor playing Rinsewind used to play a famous animated character Danger Mouse.  Also Terry Pratchett makes a personal appearance in the movie too.
1591843790|5.0|I loved Guy Kawasaki's newest book. I found it a great 2,000 foot level tactical guidebook on how to become more enchanting. This is not an \\"EST\\" philosophy self help book, but a thoughtful thesis on what great ideas for how to win over people and influence them. Guy offers good advice and i am encouraging many in my consulting practice to buy the book and heed the thoughts.
0756404738|1.0|I couldnt even finish this book. which is a shame because I was lookin forward to it. this book drags and drags, wallowing in juvenile monotony. the main character is supposed to be this special person who develops into this legend, well in no way did this book convince me of this. instead we are left with common place senerios and pansy emotion. a serious yawn.
0780624890|5.0|Wesley Snipes brings Blade to life! The acting brings the marvel comic to life, with the intense acting of snipes who makes you believe he is blade the vampire hunter. The martial arts ability of Snipes adds the the realism of the character of blade. Steven Dorf makes the perfect villain playing the old vamp with a new twist.
B000784WMW|4.0|This is, in my opinion, the best film made of the classic book,  Jane Eyre.  She was, in the book, a \\"plain Jane\\" and the actress in the film is not a raving beauty, so the producers portrayed her properly.  Timothy Dalton is perfect as the master of the manor and is also the \\"hottest\\" actor to play that role.  There is another new production out in the theaters right now and I have no interest in seeing it.  Most likely will be full of special effects, a gorgeous Jane and other treats but I will stick with this film.  I also don't think that paring it down to 2 or so hours does the book justice.
1591843790|5.0|Enchantment was a easy read because it was so well written and the real life stories really drove home the points. About half way through the book I realized I was having fun reading it and was able to relate to so many of the practices that are suggested. Without knowing it the book changed my fundamental way of approaching people and situations.
B000M3452Y|2.0|First off, I'm not going to disparage this album, James Murphy, or any of his collaborators.  This isn't terrible music.  It's fun, bouncy, and fills a room.  Certain tracks even stand out like All My Friends, and Us V Them has a particularly David Byrne/Sly feel that really moves. I've been a musician as long as I could hold a woodwind or a guitar, and I can certainly appreciate anyone's artistic vision or contribution to a collage of sound.  My problem is that I just don't feel Sound of Silver breaks any new musical ground.  Just like the Art Brut album that swept Europe and littered every 2006 top ten list (or even best ever!) from Q, Uncut, to Billboard, I just don't see the talent, originality, or depth.      If I want pulsing beats and atmospheric dub that I can disappear into I put on Human Mesh Dance or Plastikman.  For fun dance music with some creativity, I'll throw on the first Basement Jaxx or Leftfield.  Danceable beats with lyrics to boot - Crowded House, Depeche Mode, or Pet Shop Boys. Quirky lyrics with some poignancy and social commentary - Talking Heads or TMBG.  These are all just examples of course, and everyone's taste certainly differs, but I just feel like this is nothing new and certainly nothing special.  All the above people just do these parts better.  To be on everyone's annual \\"Best\\" lists and be regarded as a \\"Great Artist\\", I expect a lot more.  I would just hope that the people who really enjoy this would seek out the music that it attempts to pull together and see what they might be missing.
B001G4C9T4|5.0|Glad I finally added this CD to my collection. I have loved Jennifer  Hudson since her American Idol days...Awesome price & arrived promptly, just was a bit disappointed because the bonus track that was mentioned is not actually on the Cd! Oh, well...just keep listening to that single on YouTube!
B004FGMV0W|5.0|This new CD from Avril Lavigne is completely different than her three previous albums. This is is full of ballads and for the most part are well written. Standouts include Push, Goodbye, Wish You Were Here, Stop Standing There, and Smile. This album, while unique, sounds more like her first album, if any. It took a couple of listens to get hooked but on the third time I found myself digging the new sound. I enjoyed this album two-fold more than The Best Damn Thing because this album is personal and has a deeper feel to it. I'd really like to see these as acoustic numbers during her next tour. Try it!
B0015DWJX2|4.0|Every so often I suffer the delusion that I can write.  I blog a few paragraphs, and people like to read them, and I figure it's only a matter of time.  And then I read a book like this one, where the author has the ability to create clearly defined characters in a compactly developed plot and I realize I'm dreaming.<br /><br />Early on a character describes watching the Germans land, standing, speechless, thinking, \\"damn...damn...damn\\" and theorizing later that words might not have failed him had he been more widely read.  Completely eloquent in his limited vocabulary, yet wishing he had more words.<br /><br />An excellent book, a fine read for a long weekend, complete with a history lesson and a few warm smiles.
B003VANOFY|5.0|Let's keep this simple:  Sound quality is what makes this item worth buying. Buy these, go put in the movie \\"Amadeus\\" and let your ears have an orgasm. This headset is so great, Family Guy doesn't even seem the same!!   They are quite comfortable and easy to adjust, the speaker completely engulfs the ear so there is nothing pressed against your lobes that will cause redness... Very sturdy, and of course PORTABLE!!! [To a fair degree]  Battery life has been excellent, and might I add these are perfect for gaming... TF2 seems to be a new game :)  All in all, buy these for a better gaming experience, and if you spend a lot of time watching movies and shows... It's worth it to have a sturdy piece of equipment that makes entertainment worth hearing.  P.S. If you do buy these, go on youtube and listen to the 7.1 surround sound tests they have out... AMAZING   Enjoy!
B004H2ZFPW|5.0|It took about two weeks for her album to grow on me. At first I gave it 4/5 stars now I'm at 4.5/5 stars. There are few songs I think could have been better, than they are. Goodbye Lullaby is defiantly better than her last album The Best Damn Thing. Under My Skin is her best damn album! By the way I spent $23 on Goodbye Lullaby, I got the Deluxe Version with hardcover case, and a guitar pick. I only spend this kind of money on artists I love, and she is like 1 of 20 of them. She has inspired me a lot through out the years, I love you Avril.<br /><br />Goodbye Lullaby is the true, and real follow up album after Under My Skin ( 2004 I've had 3 copies since this album was released, I currently have 2 copies, including the dual disc version, that cost around $15. )<br /><br />I personally didn't like her last album The Best Dam Thing ( 2007 I rate this album 3/5 stars, I bought this album the day it came out. )<br /><br />Let Go was the first album I bought of Avril's back on January 31st 2004, I was 12, going on 13, at the time, and this album has inspired me to write songs about boys through out my teenage years. I think this is her 3rd best album to date. ( I've bought 2 of Let Go, because my first cracked, that's how much I used the CD! )<br /><br />After listening to Goodbye Lullaby for about a month, the album has grown on me more. I find myself singing some of the songs on this album. Avril has got me addicted to Goodbye Lullaby is a good way. Avril is one of my favorite singer songwriters. I hope she is around for many years to come. I really like Avril's lyrics, and some of her songs I really connect with, especially Nobody's Home. It's been a long time waiting for this album, and I'm glad she's back where she wants to be musically. Goodbye Lullaby doesn't get boring. I prefer the softer side to Avril, but I do enjoy the mix she did on Under My Skin. I think Under My Skin was her most perfect, and greatest album to date. She came really close on Goodbye Lullaby on being great, but the record company likes to screw things up, and have it their way. Avril deserves to do music her way. Avril is the greatest when she is herself.<br /><br />My favorite songs on Goodbye Lullaby are ( In order ):<br /><br />1. Goodbye<br /><br />2. Alice<br /><br />3. Push<br /><br />4. Darlin<br /><br />5. 4 Real<br /><br />6. Wish You Were Here ( Acoustic )<br /><br />7. Everybody Hurts<br /><br />8. Not Enough<br /><br />9. Remember When<br /><br />10. Wish You Were Here<br /><br />11. I Love You<br /><br />12. Push ( Acoustic )d company likes to screw things up, and have it their way. Avril deserves to do music her way. Avril is the greatest when she is herself.      My favorite songs on Goodbye Lullaby are ( In order ):    1. Goodbye    2. Alice    3. Push    4. Darlin    5. 4 Real    6. Wish You Were Here ( Acoustic )    7. Everybody Hurts    8. Not Enough    9. Remember When    10. Wish You Were Here    11. I Love You    12. Push ( Acoustic )
B000X107GI|5.0|This is a great price for l-ion batteries.  Beats any price anywhere for a comparable battery.  Shipping was fast as well.
0525423273|5.0|I was enormously apprehensive about writing a review for this book. What could I POSSIBLY say that has not been said before? So I decided, What the heck, I'll just write about all the things I love about the novel, and hopefully make the people who have not read this book really want to read it. Which they probably wanted to do anyway, but STILL!<br /><br />Allrighty now, what makes a good novel? I know that's a super-duper subjective question, but generally, I think it could be narrowed down to...<br /><br />--Good writing with a strong voice.<br /><br />--Believable, realistic dialogue.<br /><br />--Believable, realistic characters.<br /><br />--Good plot.<br /><br />Combine all of these and you have the miracle of a novel that is ANNA! I can't even begin to tell you how afraid I was about reading this book. My expectations were huuuuggggeeee, and with expectations that big, I had no idea how they could possibly be met. And...AND THEY DID. Whoa. After reading this book, I was grinning like a huge idiot, my heart literally singing with joy. At the same time, I felt terrible because I was parting with the characters I seriously loved. (I NEED A SEQUEL. Or maybe not. But ahhh I loved this book.)<br /><br />The first thing that struck me about this novel was how effing DEEP it was. I cannot fathom how anybody could mark this novel off as fluffy material. Sure, it's got plenty of fluffiness, BUT IT'S SO MUCH MORE THAN THAT. The character growth was phenomenal, as was the romance between Anna and Etienne (he has the awesomest name evarrrr, really. Methinks after reading this novel you'll agree with me. You also are probably going to be saying it in your mind over and over again just because IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL. Um, wait, I'm not the only one that did that, right?). For me, true love has always been something that takes time to develop. I don't believe in love at first sight--it actually makes me roll my eyes. I'm not cynical, I'm just, you know, realistic. And when everybody was singing praises for the realistic portrayal of true love in ANNA, I hoped it'd ring true for me. And it did! And, also, it strengthened my belief in how frigging important it is for two people to be friends before they fall in love. To avoid droning on about further views on the topic, I'll just show you the dedication:<br /><br />\\"For Jarrod, best friend & true love\\"<br /><br />Like Claire Dawn said: IF STEPHANIE PERKINS WAS NOT MEANT TO WRITE THIS NOVEL, WHO WAS? Exactly! She knows about the topic so well, I'm blown away. And the fact that she's written such a remarkable novel that, without EVER preaching, drills this message in so, so, so well, makes me a long-life supporter of her. I already liked her from her blog, but now she's kinda like me hero. No joke, dude.<br /><br />Now, for the writing. Anna's voice was fantabulous. She's so relatable IT'S AMAZING. Her dialogue and her internal monologue = myself definitely falling in lurv with her were I lesbo. But even though I ain't lesbo, I still loved her! A couple of snippets that explain why:<br /><br />Here's a scene right after Anna's parents have left the boarding school, and she, for the first time in her life, is alone.<br /><br />\\"I'm Meredith; I live next door. Were those your parents who just left?\\"<br />My puffy eyes signal the affirmative.<br />\\"I cried the first night, too.\\" She tilts her head, thinks for a moment, and then nods. \\"Come on. Chocolat chaud.\\"<br />\\"A chocolate show?\\" Why would I want to see a chocolate show? My mother has abandoned me and I'm terrified to leave my room and--<br />\\"No.\\" She smiles. \\"Chaud. Hot. Hot chocolate, I can make some in my room.\\"<br />Oh.<br /><br />And soon after...<br /><br />\\"Yeah. See ya.\\" I try to say this casually, but I'm so thrilled that I skip from her (Meredith's) room and promptly slam into a wall.<br />Whoops. Not a wall. A boy.<br />\\"Oof.\\" He staggers backward.<br />\\"Sorry! I'm so sorry, I didn't know you were there.\\"<br />He shakes his head,a little dazed. The first thing I notice is his hair--it's the first thing I notice about everyone. It's dark brown and messy and somehow both long and short at the same time. I think of the Beatles, since I've just seen them in Meredith's room. It's artist hair. Musician hair. I-pretend-I-don't-care-but-I-really-do hair.<br />Beautiful hair.<br />\\"It's okay, I didn't see you either. Are you all right, then?\\"<br />Oh my. He's English.<br />\\"Er. Does Mer live here?\\"<br />Seriously, I don't know any American girl who can resist an English accent.<br />The boy clears his throat. \\"Meredith Chevalier? Tall girl? Big, curly hair?\\" Then he looks at me like I'm crazy or half deaf, like my Nanna Oliphant. Nanna just smiles and shakes her head whenever I ask, \\"What kind of salad dressing would you like?\\" or \\"Where did you put Granddad's false teeth?\\"<br />\\"I'm sorry.\\" He takes the smallest step away from me. \\"You were going to bed.\\"<br />\\"Yes! Meredith lives there. I've just spent two hours with her.\\" I announce this proudly like my brother, Seany, whenever he finds something disgusting in the yard. \\"I'm Anna! I'm new here!\\" Oh God. What. Is with. The scary enthusiasm? My cheeks catch fire, and it's all so humiliating.<br />The beautiful boy gives an amused grin. His teeth are lovely--straight on top and crooked on the bottom, with a touch of overbite. I'm a sucker for smiles like this, due to my own lack of orthodontia. I have a gap between my front teeth the size of a raisin.<br />\\"Etienne,\\" he says. \\"I live one floor up.\\"<br />\\"I live here.\\" I point dumbly at my room while my mind whirs: French name, English accent, American school. Anna confused.<br />He raps twice on Meredith's door. \\"Well. I'll see you around then, Anna.\\"<br />Eh-t-yen says my name like this: Ah-na.<br />My heart thump thump thumps in my chest.\\"<br /><br />I LOVE THIS! (Do you know you can read the first chapter here for free: [...]. It'll only make you want to read the book even more!)<br /><br />And there can't possibly be a review without a long-draw-out mention of ETIENNE ST. CLAIR. I'm going to have to make a confession here: I didn't instantly take to him. I mean, yeah, he's nice, super-duper hot, has mad-awesome hair. I kind of rolled my eyes, going, Etienne, epitome of perfection, whatever, (except he's kind of short). Shortness does not make someone undesirable, not to me, anyway. Thus, his shortness didn't really do anything for me. (I DO live in Pakistan, you know. Men are short here. Women are short here. You get used to it.) And then! And THEN! He turns out to be...you know, flawed. Everybody's said it before: HE'S FLAWED. But you have to read the book to understand JUST HOW HUMANLY FLAWED HE IS. (Kinda strange how I'm praising his flaws. But...yeah. I love flaws. They're what make us HUMAN! Ahem. Right.) By the end of the book, Etienne transformed into one of my most adored male characters of-all-TIME! Probably THE most.<br /><br />The chemistry between Etienne and Anna was frigging fantastic. The dialogue, the hilarious, awkwardness-packed situations that sometimes ensued (they were downright ridiculous sometimes. BUT they don't reduce the awesomeness of the novel).<br /><br />I do wish we'd gotten to know Etienne's gf better. I don't think it would've really helped much to show scenes with her, but still. I'd at least understood why he goes out with an apparent bimbo like her, ya know. (Okay, so she ain't a bimbo, but...she's...grr. I just doesn't like her.)<br /><br />Also, IT TOOK NINE MONTHS FOR THEM TO GET TOGETHER!? In normal circumstances, you'd roll your eyes disbelievingly, but for me, at the end of ANNA, it all made sense.<br /><br />I could go on and on and on about this novel, but you're going to read it for yourself to experience the sheer awesomeness of it. GO. READ. THIS. NOVEL. And do yourself a favor by doing so.n and messy and somehow both long and short at the same time. I think of the Beatles, since I've just seen them in Meredith's room. It's artist hair. Musician hair. I-pretend-I-don't-care-but-I-really-do hair.  Beautiful hair.  \\"It's okay, I didn't see you either. Are you all right, then?\\"  Oh my. He's English.  \\"Er. Does Mer live here?\\"  Seriously, I don't know any American girl who can resist an English accent.  The boy clears his throat. \\"Meredith Chevalier? Tall girl? Big, curly hair?\\" Then he looks at me like I'm crazy or half deaf, like my Nanna Oliphant. Nanna just smiles and shakes her head whenever I ask, \\"What kind of salad dressing would you like?\\" or \\"Where did you put Granddad's false teeth?\\"  \\"I'm sorry.\\" He takes the smallest step away from me. \\"You were going to bed.\\"  \\"Yes! Meredith lives there. I've just spent two hours with her.\\" I announce this proudly like my brother, Seany, whenever he finds something disgusting in the yard. \\"I'm Anna! I'm new here!\\" Oh God. What. Is with. The scary enthusiasm? My cheeks catch fire, and it's all so humiliating.  The beautiful boy gives an amused grin. His teeth are lovely--straight on top and crooked on the bottom, with a touch of overbite. I'm a sucker for smiles like this, due to my own lack of orthodontia. I have a gap between my front teeth the size of a raisin.  \\"Etienne,\\" he says. \\"I live one floor up.\\"  \\"I live here.\\" I point dumbly at my room while my mind whirs: French name, English accent, American school. Anna confused.  He raps twice on Meredith's door. \\"Well. I'll see you around then, Anna.\\"  Eh-t-yen says my name like this: Ah-na.  My heart thump thump thumps in my chest.\\"        I LOVE THIS! (Do you know you can read the first chapter here for free: [...]. It'll only make you want to read the book even more!)      And there can't possibly be a review without a long-draw-out mention of ETIENNE ST. CLAIR. I'm going to have to make a confession here: I didn't instantly take to him. I mean, yeah, he's nice, super-duper hot, has mad-awesome hair. I kind of rolled my eyes, going, Etienne, epitome of perfection, whatever, (except he's kind of short). Shortness does not make someone undesirable, not to me, anyway. Thus, his shortness didn't really do anything for me. (I DO live in Pakistan, you know. Men are short here. Women are short here. You get used to it.) And then! And THEN! He turns out to be...you know, flawed. Everybody's said it before: HE'S FLAWED. But you have to read the book to understand JUST HOW HUMANLY FLAWED HE IS. (Kinda strange how I'm praising his flaws. But...yeah. I love flaws. They're what make us HUMAN! Ahem. Right.) By the end of the book, Etienne transformed into one of my most adored male characters of-all-TIME! Probably THE most.      The chemistry between Etienne and Anna was frigging fantastic. The dialogue, the hilarious, awkwardness-packed situations that sometimes ensued (they were downright ridiculous sometimes. BUT they don't reduce the awesomeness of the novel).      I do wish we'd gotten to know Etienne's gf better. I don't think it would've really helped much to show scenes with her, but still. I'd at least understood why he goes out with an apparent bimbo like her, ya know. (Okay, so she ain't a bimbo, but...she's...grr. I just doesn't like her.)      Also, IT TOOK NINE MONTHS FOR THEM TO GET TOGETHER!? In normal circumstances, you'd roll your eyes disbelievingly, but for me, at the end of ANNA, it all made sense.       I could go on and on and on about this novel, but you're going to read it for yourself to experience the sheer awesomeness of it. GO. READ. THIS. NOVEL. And do yourself a favor by doing so.
0385737955|5.0|First, a little bit about me so you can see what basis I use for my review. I'm a fifteen-year-old female who is pretty much your typical teenager and I absolutely LOVE reading. I'm writing this review from the mindset of a teenager so that means there's not going to be all that \\"it didn't make me think\\" crap. It's simply going to be how I thought this story was awesome. Okay, now on to the review...    Last fall I read this book to fill the void in my life since The Hunger Games trilogy ended. In short, I loved it. I thought the concept was brilliant. I loved how there didn't have to be anything special about Teresa for Thomas to be attracted to her. The fact that Teresa wasn't described as short or fragile (Doesn't it seem like half of the books nowadays describe their female protagonist as one of those two things? Makes me sick.) sold me on the book. She was a real girl who could hold her own. Some people said that they didn't like the dialogue or writing, but I didn't really care about that. Some people said that the characters were flat and not very developed. I think this can be attributed to fact that they only know their first name and nothing about where they came from. I actually liked the fact that not all the issues at the end of the book were completely resolved. Made a nice cliff hanger and got me pumped about The Scorch Trials which ties up some loose ends.    So, yeah. From the point of view of a fifteen(almost sixteen!)-year-old girl who lives for dystopian novels, it rocked. I'm counting down the days until The Death Cure is released and after that I have no idea what I am going to do. Read The Scorch Trials. Do it. Now. kthnxbye :D
1582701709|3.0|I am so torn, at the end I would buy and read the book, its short and to the point. But, I do agree with the slams too, the book is a scam. It is BRILLIANTLY MARKETED, and kudos on the name (catchy). But the book is very short and could actually be a lot shorter. Almost not long enough to be called a book, tho I enjoyed it and would buy it as a gift for others. I just want to say the author is brilliant for making millions on almost nothing, tho...
1400052173|5.0|From the moment I picked the book up I could not put it down. I finished it in two days. I love how the book read like a fiction novel but at the same time documented such detailed and accurate information about the science of cell harvesting and much more. If you love science you will definately appreciate this book. Also, it's a lesson in black history that everyone should hear about. Definately 5 stars from me!
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I have used this watch for almost a month now.  I am a triathlete and I have worn it in the water, on the bike and running!  Not very accurate in the swim (GPS feature) but you can till use the time and HR monitor.  This watch is cheaper than the other Garmins that seem to have the same features.    I would defiantly purchase this product again.
B003QNXPUK|4.0|It's a bit challenge to install but it's worth it. Make sure to spray your fingers well and let your cellphone sit for while until it dries. Tip: install the zag before you go to sleep.
B004BA576C|2.0|Do not buy this book for Kindle. Many of the equations are missing key information. Out of the last five data sufficiency problems I've attempted, three did not display all of the information needed to answer the problem (e.g, \\" =5x+2\\", half of the formula is missing!).    One can't help but to purchase this review, however, keep it \\"old school\\" on this purchase and pick up the hard copy.
0143113100|2.0|The writer is definitely a Doctor and not a writer. After reading other reviews makes me wonder did I miss something. It seemed to slow and seemed like the writer could of got to the point so much easier/faster. I feel that the writer was trying to make the make longer for purposes of selling it. 400 HUNDRED PAGE BOOK !!!!, when it could of been 200.... I would not buy this book or read it....
0061997811|5.0|This book has absolutely everything about the movies, the book has very detailed descriptions on how they built the set, did makeup, made costumes, and creating interesting props! This book has so many amazing things to pull out from it, such as:  a muraders map, yule ball program, harry's acceptance letter to hogwarts, and sooooooooooo  much more. Incredible book, a must have for every harry potter fan!
B004GJYROG|1.0|I will NEVER shop from this shipper again. I have not gotten the item yet. They just sentit today and that is a shame cause i have ordered a lot of other items and got got all of other items and not have gotten this item. I hate this seller.
0345337581|5.0|My Psychiatrist recommended this book for my memory issues caused by a brain tumor. I've not yet started but hopefully it will work!
B0039TD7PY|5.0|This is an unbelievable live performance! I have all of the original LPs of these performers {James Taylor and Carole King.] Usually, later performances of '70s performers sound dated. Not this one by a long shot! Both James and Carole are in good voice. I could talk of particular songs, but all are stellar performances. It's hard to believe that these folks are over 65 years old! This is one set not to miss. I suppose that those who love music of the '70s singers and songwriters will thoroughly enjoy this CD album. I do!
031606792X|5.0|All you people with negative reviews are crazy!! Breaking dawn was great! Very interesting, well written, & for a vampire & werewolf book, come on people (NOT REAL, ITS A STORY), it had a beautiful ending & great love story. Loved it, read it 3 times & will read it again & again before the movie comes out!!! Many sleepless nights :) Great job Stephenie, i love them all but the 4th one is the best!!
B002L9N4DS|3.0|i just got my blu-ray remastered version of forrest gump. watched it to the end. as for the transfer, only the dark scenes need to be worked on. too snowy. the lighter scenes look great but could be sharper. that's all i have to say about that.
1579128149|5.0|An absolute must for any age who loves to learn but especially great for the kids because of the cover to cover color and vivid layout. It's an amazing book!
B002ZG98C8|5.0|Steven Seagal has a second role in this movie!!!he's the villain!  it's action packed anyway and Dany trejo aka el diablo in the US   is such a good actor that one is never  bored!  Buy!this is well worth your money!!!!!
1400032717|5.0|This book is a bit like the Temple Grandon movie with some similar examples and thought processes of the main character, but in all it was a very entertaining read! The pages are filled with humor, emotion, and raw humanity. I highly recommend.
0312370830|2.0|As a history teacher who has read a LOT of Holocaust novels, I felt this contributed little to the genre.  I whipped through it in 2 days, skimming more and more just to get to the end to see how it ended.  The characters - except Sarah - were very stereotypical.  Another reviewer said it was part teen novel.  That may be why I didn't care for it.  Perhaps I'm jaded from having read too many like this.
B003EVFHYG|5.0|There are a few soundtracks out there that I will say are truly great from beginning to end. This is one of them. You don't even have to like the story to enjoy it.     Each score is a well-thought composition and not once do you get the endless filler/mood/background music that has no tune. The melodies are carefully woven throughout. As a writer, I rely on music to keep me writing and this soundtrack NEVER disappoints. Plus the layering of melody and emotion makes for a flight you won't want to miss!
0120884674|4.0|The pictures in this book are wonderful.  The only thing missing is that many but not all of the features in the book are listed on the photographs.  Overall one of the better books for Osteology.
0470638842|5.0|Ah, the title of my review nabbed your attention, did it?  Well, I admit, it's a bit understated.  \\"Under-\\" is correct.       The force of socialnomics (the quantum leap, the mega-shift) that's happening all around us is so easily underestimated--or missed entirely--by those who plod along in a well-worn path of business-as-usual.   Those folks who live by default, who practice the same business methods they always have, will end up eating dust.  (Another understatement.)  That's because the rocketeers--people who have gained a command of socialnomics--will throttle past them so fast, it will do more than just kick up dust in some faces; the rocketeers will crush their competition and dominate their markets.   Consequently, the sleepy-heads who don't bother to learn \\"where the puck is going\\" will lose their jobs or close their businesses.  ...And I hate seeing that happen.    I love seeing people succeed.  I'm a raging Capitalist and a free market junkie convinced that entrepreneurism is America's lifeblood.   However, the real problem afflicting the business world in this land of opportunity, besides the economic downturn of the past few years, is the massive acceleration of doing business.  The RPM is beyond human stamina.  Therefore, those who remain on the cutting edge will be those who don't JUST work harder or longer, but are the ones who learn to leverage their efforts through the gears of socialnomics.      So, I beg you, don't be dull to Wayne Gretzky's wisdom of skating to where the puck WILL BE.   And don't miss out on Erik's masterpiece that will help place you at that very location, both in life and business.      Bottom line: America needs you to prosper.  Get the book.
0393338827|5.0|This book is more than just the story of a few eccentric bond analysts and traders foretelling the collapse of the subprime mortgage bond market, and leveraging this knowledge to pocket billions of dollars while all stakeholders were asleep behind the wheel.  This book is the wholesale indictment of Wall Street rating agencies (Moody's, S&P) who were gamed by powerful investment banks such as Goldman Sachs for personal again, the middle class be damned.  The entire asset backed securities market players and the horse they rode in on were infested with fraud, delusion and denial, and the force that allowed them to inflict grave global damage was none other than deregulation that began with Ronald Reagan and continued with Clinton and Bush Jr.    A very sophisticated multi trillion dollar market in CDOs (collateralized debt obligations) was created out of thin air that quickly lined up the pockets of everyone from the loan originators to borrowers (Vegas strippers with 5 properties to their name), to mortgage brokers and on and on.  Housing prices continued their ascent into orbit for years, and the pigs got fat and the fat pigs got slaughtered.    Mr. Lewis weaves the story of the spark that triggered the Great Recession with a few key individuals who created the market for betting against the subprime mortgage bonds and capitalized quite handsomely on a dysfunctional market, and ironically, contributing to the collapse of the U.S. economy and entire countries (Iceland).    Mr. Lewis has a talent for simplifying complicated concepts, and turning a dry subject into one that is entertaining, intriguing and highly informative.
1591843790|5.0|I read Guy's latest book wondering if it would live up to Woz's endorsement on the cover - \\"Read this book to create a company as enchanting as Apple\\" - and am happy to say that for those with the discipline to follow his advice, the odds are very good!     Guy's Enchantment covers more than just routine advice on how great companies do things right: he delves into the social psychology of how we get our messages across and persuade the rest of us who are too jaded to take anything on face value, borrowing from R. Cialdini's writings and referencing others throughout this fast paced read.     Of particular \\"enchantment\\":    . The practice of conducting \\"pre-mortems\\": writing your product's obituary before launch to flesh out the \\"known unknowns\\" and future-kill them.  . His emphasis on telling a story, the heart and soul of getting people to suspend disbelief and boredom.  . \\"Frame Thy Competition\\" and the practice of vividly contrasting you versus Brand X. \\"Compared to what?\\" is the rallying cry every marketer should follow before all else, and Guy hits this point squarely.     I'm happy to say I found it \\"enchanting\\"! A fast, well-writen, on-target book for anyone leading a team, a launch or a company. Thanks!
B0034G4P7G|3.0|This movie is good but over rated.  During almost the whole movie the background music was too loud.  It was not \\"BACKGROUND\\" music .......actually could not hear the monolog at times.
B00383UJ2U|4.0|I'm not usually into the electro/euro synth pop sound (I think those are real words :) but this group (band?) is great.  Love the lyrics and melody as well as their style (youtube their music videos).  It is easy to compare them to the Pet-shop boys and Depeche Mode but they somehow take that sound (synth pop will always remind me of the 80's) and make it current.  Give them a try, you won't be disappointed.
B004G5ZXVQ|4.0|I've been an R.E.M. fan since the mid 1980s, and appreciate every phase of their career. They haven't been the same since Bill Berry left, but there is still a lot of life in them yet. After some successful but alienating experimentation (\\"Up\\" and \\"Reveal\\"), a disastrous misstep with only one or two redeeming tracks (\\"Around the Sun\\"), and a rocking, confident return to form (\\"Accelerate\\"), R.E.M. appear to be on track again with \\"Collapse Into Now\\" to please old fans like me.     This album's best tracks combine R.E.M. staples in satisfying ways:  - arpeggegiated guitar lines, reminiscent of \\"Out of Time\\" and \\"Fables of the Reconstruction\\"  - high energy, trebly guitar lines, as found on \\"Accelerate\\"  - spoken-word prose-poetry, reminiscent of the devastating tracks \\"Country Feedback\\" and \\"E-bow the Letter\\", from \\"Out of Time\\" and \\"Monster\\", respectively    As an old-time fan, I think this album is another solid entry in R.E.M.'s catalog, and definitely worth your time.
1600247253|5.0|My husband and I are big fans of Michael Connelly's books. We normally each read the the book and talk about it after we've both finished. This time, we  listened to the recorded version together. It added another dimension to the narrative since we could each make our predictions about what was going to happen in the next chapter. The book is read by Peter Giles who brings the case and the characters to life.     Mickey Haller from The Lincoln Lawyer appears in the story, but this time he has a different job. He's always been a tough defense attorney, but for this first time he agrees to take a case for the prosecution. The case is very interesting. A young girl was abducted and killed over twenty years ago. Jason Jessup, was tried and convicted of the murder. Now, years later, some new information is brought forward, and Jessup is given a new trial. Mickey's a little out of his depth in this one and insists on having Maggie McPherson as a co-prosecutor. He also asks his half-brother, Harry Bosch to be his investigator.      The chief witness for the prosecution is Sara Gleason, the murdered girl's sister. She had seen her sister taken away and remembered the man who took her. She agrees to testify, but after her sister's death, she was never the same. She used drugs off and on for years, and spent a lot of time in drug rehab. Mickey knows he could have problems with her. He also knows the prosecution will hit her hard with questions about her sometime sordid life and attempt to discredit and undermine her as a reliable witness.      It was interesting to see the court case unfold. The defense attorney, Clive Royce was clever and Mickey Haller had to be in top form to hold his own.    I'm already looking anticipating the next Connelly novel!
B00009XITP|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie in the world!! Don't love Amanda Bynes but I gotta give it to her. This is an amazing movie!!
0817439390|5.0|This is a very easy read and the information is written in such a way that you will easily understand the concepts.  The exposure examples included in the book also help to illustrate the points Bryan is explaining.  He keeps things simple while detailing how two people can have there cameras set differently and still have a technically correct exposure.  Also includes a nice explanation of filters and the basic ones that everyone should have in their bag.
0316069485|2.0|I love Michael Connelly, especially his Haller and Bosch character.  This book, however, was a disappointment.  It was anti-climactic, the ending was pretty lame.  It lacked excitement.  He's definitely written much better books.  Bummer.
1594202842|5.0|This book is not a 'how to' book but rather a memoir. Chua points out all the cultural differences between the Chinese and the Westerners on how to raise children. Americans have a lot to learn from other cultures, not just the Chinese. What makes her journey interesting, to put in a mild way, is how difficult to raise the children the 'Chinese way' in America. If her family were in China, all this fuss would not have been existed because there is no comparison.
1591843790|5.0|A new book to read always begins with a quick skim through the pages to get a sense for what I am getting in to.  I knew that Guy Kawasaki's latest work, Enchantment: The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions was going to be a great read when I came across this salient point: \\"...For example, a label on a cheeseburger that says, `You'll gain half a pound by eating this' communicates more salient information than `Total calories: 1,500...'\\"  Yes, I was going to enjoy this book.<br /><br />I have read many pages of apparent business knowledge and wisdom but Guy's contribution is the stuff you can apply right now.  These are simple changes or evolutions to the way in which we do business, or develop relationships (professional or otherwise) that can have a fast and positive impact on their outcomes.<br /><br />The underlying messages center on the art of marketing yourself or your business, without your target audience realizing that this is what you are doing. This is the most effective way of achieving enchantment. Guy gets in to many tactics for achieving this, from the formula for a perfect handshake, to the apparent protocol for swearing.<br /><br />Making it so easy for people to do what you want them to do, that they do not even register the fact that they are being directed to act in a particular way, is, indeed, an art form, and one which Guy masterfully details.<br /><br />I particularly appreciated that Guy did not claim to have ALL the answers, and invites readers to provide feedback: \\"...If you can, try both techniques, and let me know which works better for you...\\"<br /><br />And anyone who is involved with social media for professional purposes, will benefit from real-world examples of how Guy, and others, use the social media tools available to us, so effectively.<br /><br />Enchantment: The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions, is proving to live up to its name every day in my own business.  Highly recommended.
B0049P1ZZQ|2.0|I love this show and will continue to watch it. I will also recommend it to my friends, but is 6 episodes really a whole season? Get real! I would expect at least twice as mamy episodes and probably 16 to make a whole season.
0446530573|5.0|This book has a plethora of recipes that I am sure the soprano family and many of their counterparts enjoy on a regular basis. I know that I do.
B002Q9MZHE|2.0|I was disappointed when I realized this music title has no lossless audio track. Dolby digital only for a music blu-ray?? It's a big joke. It's like SD sound with HD vision. The UK version has DTS-HDMA 5.1 then why not this one?? I liked the film version of the opera featuring Netrebko and Villazon but the weak sound made the appreciation experience tasteless. I'll never buy Kulture items until they figure out what HD sound is.
B003F3PMYI|5.0|The best book I have read in years. I am a better person because of this book! A must read. I bought eight copies for my office to circulate after I read it on my Kindle.
B001EYU1VO|1.0|I have used Microsoft joysticks for years, mostly their Sidewinder Precision line[[ASIN:B00005NIMA Microsoft Sidewinder Precision 2 Joystick]] but with Microsoft wholly behind its Xbox Console Line the supply of even gently used Sidewinder Precisions and Precision 2s are drying up.  I first tried the [[ASIN:B00009OY9U Logitech Extreme 3D Pro Joystick (Silver/Black)]] Pro line, and found them to be designed more for looks than ergonomics and longevity.   They have plenty of buttons on the base but none fit the hand. And whoever tilted the stick so far forward must have been on drugs or had a badly malformed wrist.  Hence when I read of the Cyborgs flexibility and  ergonomics design I thought I would give it a try.  Well, good effort in those endeavors. I set it's tilt, height of grip, width of grip, tilt of thumb buttons and coolie hat, blue lights, all great however... whoever buried the coolie hat and trim wheel between 4 thumb buttons was an idiot.  Both get bumped far too much.  Aside from the stick handle's design other disappointments show...  the four base thumb buttons do not fit a hand at all and the shift button at the rear of stick is well out of reach of both. These five buttons are ok for rarely used actions like deploying flaps and lowering gear, but almost useless for many time required actions of a MechWarrior mech game simulation. I did like the Cyborg's front two button before the duel throttles though.  They worked well for jumping and target designation.  The split throttle worked ok if a bit weighty, I finally decided to only use half of it to lighten its movement, neat trick.  Final issues with Cyborg stick are that it's heavy centering spring mimics pulling G in an airplane far better than training a mech's weapons. Fineness is not its forte.  In addition to its heaviness, mine had more dead zone than both the M$ and Logitech sticks, even when set to minimum settings via an updated set of drives/control software.  Not good where precision and quick reaction rule.  So basically unless you love heavy action sticks, save this stick for flight maneuvers in an atmosphere....  And pray for Microsoft to sell its copyrights to the old Sidewinder Precision Pro series so someone will start their production line again. (I would personally love a Sidewinder Precision Pro with 6-8 base buttons vice the four they had.  And that base of thumb, number 2 button was gold!  Bring it back!) Anyway, for my two bits The Cyborg FLY 5 is useless for Mechwarrior.    Two week update, When I wrote \\"save this stick for flight maneuvers in an atmosphere...\\"  I could have been saying, \\"Test its glide path to the nearest trashcan!\\"  It's total lack of fineness and heavy action do not play well in any of my games. I wish I did not buy it.    Three week update, #2 thumb button broke off.  Never have I had a button just break off a joystick. I usually get at least a year out of a stick, and even then usually just the switch under a button wears out. Avoid buying this POS joystick!
140011425X|2.0|This was not exactly the most exciting piece of prose ever written. The reading was, I must say, a tiresome exercise that I will not replicate in future purchases. The TV series is good; not great...and the derivative book is high school level writing.<br />So...in two words:  Ho Hum.<br />NOT worth even the $18 sale price for the used CD's. I want my money and more importantly, my TIME...BACK!
0756404738|2.0|The first 400 pages seemed to go somewhere - and they were pretty good.    After this though the book really seems to die.  It stagnates in useless scenes that serve almost no end at all in the continuing narrative.    There was also no real dramatic story arc - much less a climax in this book, which really leaves you feeling disappointed.    there are some good parts in this book - but I really wish that Rothfuss had done more with it.  All we are left with at the end is a solution to Kvothe's financial woes.
B002WY65W4|4.0|4 1/2 stars<br />I was thrown off by this movie when i saw it in theaters.  I had an Idea that from the previews and the opening scenes that it was going to be quite a different plot.  I'll admit I was even a little disappointed.  However as the movie broadened I really began to enjoy it.  I left it quite content.  But so often as is the case I was thoroughly misled by the previews.  I feel previews and expectations going into movies often ruin them for me, because I already have an idea about what i expect from them.<br /><br />From the perspective of Zombie Movies, this should prove to be a classic.  It has comedy elements similar to Shawn of the Dead (which I also love), but the zombies in Zombieland are much more... \\"realistic\\".  By that I mean, it does feel the characters are in danger and thus the zombies truly have a purpose in the film.
B000PATZQK|5.0|Odessey and Oracle is truly one of the best albums to come out of the 1960s.  Fortunately the album was recorded and engineered properly, so it sounds amazing.  Being recored at Abbey Road Studios accounts for a lot of the sound on this record.  The microphones and recording consoles at Abbey Road at that time helped to create a sound that producers to this day still try to emulate.  Then there is the Mellotron that the Beatles used on several of their recordings sitting there in the studio: Rod Argent took advantage of it being there and utilized it perfectly on this record.  Why this record is not mentioned every time someone talks about Sgt. Pepper and Pet Sounds is a mystery to me.  In fact, why the Zombies aren't mentioned every time someone talks about the incredible music of the 1960's is a mystery to me.  The Zombies were one of the most talented bands to come out of that period.  Their writing was brilliant; their vocals were great; their instrumentation was always just what the songs called for; and then there was all of that wonderful keyboard work that Rod Agent contributed to the sound and the vibe that was the Zombies.  They should have been one of the biggest bands of the time...  Fortunately, Odessey and Oracle seems to be a recored that is finally getting its accolade.  It has been gaining in popularity and respect for years.  In fact, the Zombies seem to be a band that have gained momentum over the years and are probably more well known and respected today, than when they were initially putting records out.  While it's great that the Zombies are finally becoming more well known, it's sad that they weren't fully embrased by the music buying public in their day; because if they had of gained more success at the time they were putting records out, we would probably have more great music of their's to enjoy.  Do yourself a favor: If you know a few songs by the Zombies and you like them, then buy this record and be prepared to experience what may becomeone of your favorite records in your collection.  Better late than never...
1591843790|5.0|The difference between Apple and their competitors is that their competitors wants to sell you a single product. Apple wants to enchant you - they sell you Apple. Once you're in enchanted, you're a customer for life. This book shows you, in an incredibly engaging way, how to do just that. It's like-ability + trust and Guy tells us how to achieve both.    If you're about to head out to SXSW, be sure to read this on the way. From tips about smiling and shaking hands to the key insight that, rather than just trying to sell yourself you should think about how you can help other people when you meet them, these insights come from a Guy who knows what he's talking about and eats his own dog food.    At SXSW there will be 17,000 really smart people selling their pitch. Want to stand out? Don't just pitch people; enchant them. How? Read the book.
1591843790|5.0|Guy did a great job with this book. If you aspire to create or run a great business someday, you need to understand the power of enchantment as described by Guy. Enchantment is the process of creating delight, and delighted people behave differently than those that are simply satisfied. But to achieve enchantment, you have to behave differently and Guy describes many of the most important ingredients in this book. The chapter on enchanting employees was simple but excellent. The chapter on enchanting your boss was a big surprise. The end of chapter personal stories are as good as I've seen in any book. You can read my full review at my website by clicking this link [...]
B00475AYJQ|5.0|Just as amazing as The Name of the Wind. I will be eagerly awaiting the 3rd installment. Well done Mr. Rothfuss, well done.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Miyazaki Hayao's work has always been so immaculate and beautiful.  The first time he came out with Naushika (no it's not 'Nausicaa' like american people spell it) was when I was in 4th grade, and I remember being so mesmorized by this work.  Too bad Disney have to ruin everything.  Trying to get some kind of credit for his work, when they have nothing to do with it, but still want to make money off of it.
0307474712|4.0|I'm not usually one for `Rom-Com' type books. Along with `Chik-Lit' and anything to do with Harry Potter - I'm in high level avoidance.<br /><br />However - as the person who lent me this one has never been wrong with her recommendations, and with a cover drenched in plaudits from the likes of Nick Hornby\\"<br /><br />Big, Absorbing, Smart, fantastically readable... brilliant on the details of the last decades of British cultural and political life\\" and  Marian Keyes<br /><br />\\"Incredibly Moving\\"<br /><br />I thought I'd give it a go.<br /><br />Set up to tell the story of Dexter and Emma - starting with a drunken night together at the end of University on July 15 1988 - each chapter is one year later. Throughout the next twenty years we follow Dex and Em as they find love, loose it, struggle with jobs, life and more.<br /><br />With such a simple formula, this When Harry Met Sally type story could have easily fallen in a heap of clich&eacute;s, or recalled any movie with Sandra Bullock. Instead Nicholls skirts around the predictable, peppering only when necessary, the bulk of the book an often funny, sometimes painful but always enjoyable exploration of friendship set against the backdrop of British life.<br /><br />Robot Rating: 7.5/10
B003L77TZI|1.0|Am I alone America? WHY is this woman a star? I've seen her perform \\"Live\\" on tv several times in the last six months and one this is for sure. THIS WOMAN CAN'T SING! Listen closly to any of her \\"Songs' and you'll agree. Does anyone else feel this way?
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|I honestly loved the first two books of the series, but Mockinjay was horrible. I finally gave up on it.
B0048LPRCS|5.0|This is an excellent movie, especially for those of us who are into art films.  This film may not be for everyone but for me, it was great movie. The visual colors, the way the characters are presented, the way the characters stories are told, and the very unique camera angles all make this movie a must see.     Much of the movie is shot from a point of view perspective with the lead character occasionally going into the body and the mind of other characters. In some cases this is a bit provocative, especially going into the minds of certain characters when they are doing private things with other characters. In some of these situations going into the mind of that person could be considered pretty controversial, considering what they were doing and to whom. I will leave it at that.    Many of the shots in this movie are presented from an overhead perspective. These shots appear to move or fly over the city as it follows various characters. How the filmmakers were able to do this is amazing as many of the shots go on for quite some time.     Overall this is a great movie that really pushes the boundaries of traditional filmmaking. There is no other film or filmmaker to compare this movie to. It is a unique movie all its own.
B003UYUQZW|5.0|I was pretty skeptical of a movie made after a video game; it turned out pretty good. The mythology is of course totally wrong. Alamut was not a city; in reality it was a castle. There is also a lot of mixing up Persian; Arab; Turk and anything else that comes along. I am not sure what period this is supposed to have been. Some of the names like Dastan and Tamina are very ancient Persian names. Nazeen on the other hand is an Arabic name which would not have been used prior to the 6th century. The flags are interesting. My daughter noted that several of them appeared to be \\"Darafsheh Kaviani\\" the ancient Persian flag.<br /><br />Anyway if you are willing to overlook such minor issues it is a lot of fun! There is action (not my biggest thing); love; hate; treachery; magic: what else do you want :-)<br /><br />It also portrays Persians in a good light. Good for Disney. After that abomination \\"300\\" we needed a movie to set the record right. This is it. Plus I got it for free on NetFlix. Disney is a hit or miss and this time they get 6 stars.
B002ZG981E|4.0|First of all, this is a product review, not a movie review.    I had to drop a star off the rating for this blu-ray. The BD transfer looks absolutely amazing, even at only 720p. However, the audio could have been better balanced. I was constantly raising and lowering the volume. Dialogue was whisper-quiet followed quickly by a larger than life action scene that blew my eardrums. This could have been because I lack a sound system, but I feel you shouldn't have to adjust your volume that much and that often.    All in all, this is a really good BD and I wouldn't want to dissuade anyone from purchasing it (with the caveat that I'm sure this is better enjoyed if you have a devoted sound system)
B00192IV9U|5.0|I expected to be underwhelmed by this CD -- I thought it would be just another exploitation of a great artist.  But WOW, this is a FANTASTIC listen!  Buy it and enjoy it over and over!  It's Michael Jackson at his best, and I love it.
B0043GAZYS|1.0|Total waste of time thought it would be cool stupid stupid everybody sucks except mary elisabeth winstead who is hot! I felt like boring my eyes out would be more fun.
B003EI2EH2|1.0|I was fooled by some of the earlier 5 * reviews and I unfortunatly waisted money to buy the book. This is one of the worst investment I ever made, the book is full of inconsistencies and has no substance, don`t be fool by the initial good reviews these were probably written and posted by the book author and were part of a well orchestrated marketing campaign.
B003YHSE7W|5.0|First of all, this is a product review, not a movie review.    EASILY 5 stars on this one. The BD transfer looks absolutely amazing, even at only 720p. The sound levels are perfectly balanced. Even without a sound system, I never had to touch the remote. If you liked the movie, the blu-ray is WELL worth the money!
0307473473|5.0|A fast, fun read. Set in Sweden with European perspective on politics and social conventions.<br /><br />A very good \\"who done it\\" with a bit of kink on the side.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|I bought this cd because i heard the song \\"Grenade\\", but was pleasantly surprised when got the album and heard it complete.  Since then, its the cd that sits in my car stereo, along with the new one from James Blunt.    Taking the risk of buying al album just for one song is that the rest is going to \\"suck\\", but this is not the case.  I really recommend it.  Youll enjoy it.
0061733199|5.0|SAS Survival Handbook has everything you will ever need to survive in any part of the world. This book is over flowing with knowledge to help keep you alive and survive no matter where you're at. I've only read about half of the book, but the information is great! Everything from what plants to eat, what kind of clothing to wear in different regions, making traps for food and water etc. You definitely get your moneys worth with this book. Reading this book make me feel more confident when I go out camping with friends knowing what i need to take and what i don't. You will not regret buying this book.
B004MMEIK0|4.0|I enjoyed this book. In fact the whole series.  I had just reread this book. shannon is a dentist in witness protection program who cant stand blood. Roman is a vampiere who made synethic blood that the good vampires drink also saves human lives that need blood transfusion. roman fang falls out and he has to get it fixed that night or loose it. bad vampire leader has a contract to kill shannon but roman rescues her. its a fun book
1591843790|5.0|In this tenth book, Guy Kawasaki deconstructs one of the most important concepts in business and, arguably, in all of human civilization. He calls the concept \\"enchantment\\" and offers as a succinct definition \\"the art of changing hearts, minds and actions\\" (these are also the title and subtitle of his book).     The premise is undisputable: if you want to persuade people to behave a certain way, the surest and most lasting strategy is to make them believe in the vision that underlies that behavior. Kawasaki was one of the first to implement this strategy in the world of high technology when, as Apple's Macintosh evangelist in the early 1980s, he persuaded wary software developers to build applications for the disruptive new computer by enchanting them with Apple's vision of human individuality, freedom and creativity.      But enchantment isn't only something companies can strive for with their customers, the author emphasizes. Companies can enchant their own employees, employees can enchant their bosses, and entirely other kinds of organizations - from non profits to sovereign nations - can enchant their every stakeholder.     Kawasaki analyzes enchantment in his signature way, using an immense amount of research, painstaking selection and organization of data, countless examples, abundant humor, and an obsessively clean and clear presentation style. The book represents an outstanding synthesis of all available information on the topic, whether from academic research, professional prescriptions, or anecdotal evidence. Yet the book is also a fun and easy read, largely because every concept presented is illuminated by at least one real world example. As with his previous books, this one is explicitly prescriptive, offering practical, easy to understand and specific guidance and advice. If you want a feel for how well organized and useful the book is, just read the table of contents.    Enchantment is a must-read for anyone who wants to influence others, and in the most effective, ethical, lasting, and personally satisfying way possible.
B004G5ZXVQ|5.0|It's been roughly 15 years since Bill Berry retired from R.E.M. And it's been that long since the remaining members have put together a comprehensive album that is also interesting. Whereas \\"Accelerate\\" appears to be the band finding some sort of footing again, \\"Collapse Into Now\\" appears to be the result of finding that footing and running with newly-found confidence.    In a way, the album reminds me a bit in form akin to \\"New Adventures in Hi-Fi\\" - but much more produced, with the band seeming to have crafted songs that would mesh well on older albums and put them together as a unit. And it works - you get a good mixture of what R.E.M. has been really good at. The first single, \\"Mine Smell Like Honey\\" actually feels like an outtake from \\"Reckoning\\" - which would have been a shame at the time because it's a strong song. The opening track, \\"Discoverer\\" should be the band's opener for any tour and sort of has a feel to \\"Green\\" to it. \\"Uberlin\\" would have fit well somewhere on \\"Automatic For the People.\\"    While this may not be the best album R.E.M. has ever put together, it's a very strong effort and easily the best they've done since Berry retired. The best sign is this - I keep playing it over on a loop without skipping.
B004G5ZXVQ|5.0|I really like this new album by REM. My favorite song is \\"Discoverer\\". This tune has a beat that pumps me up.  This song is a reminder to get out there and seize new opportunities whenever possible.  This song is about self empowerment and it sets a positive tone for this CD.  My other favorite song is \\"Oh My Heart\\". This song is about trying to adjust to change in society.  Mike Mills plays the accordion on this track.  Peter Buck plays the mandolin beautifully on this track.  Michael Stipe's vocals are quite moving on this track.  Not all of these tracks will touch the listeners emotionally.  Some of these songs are just fun to listen to.  \\"Mine Smell Like Honey\\" is an upbeat fun song to listen to.  \\"UBerlin\\" is a song about what it feels like to survive in a foreign fast paced over populated city.  \\"Alligator Aviator Autopilot Antimatter\\" is an unusual title for a song. This song is rather quite funny.  It is fun visualizing what an alligator would look like on an escalator. \\"Me, Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando and I\\" is a lovely tribute song to the late actor. He is hailed as a hero on this song and I am in agreement with the sentiment of this tune. I like the subtle tone of this song very much. \\"That Someone Is You\\" is a fast paced song that only lasts for about a minute and a half. This song rocks and puts me in a good mood.  I like the piano playing on the track \\"Walk It Back\\". \\"Every Day Is Yours To Win\\" a slower paced song about having a positive outlook on life.  \\"Blue\\" is an unusual song to me.  This song sounds rather bleak, but it is about appreciating the things we have in life.  This song has a positive message in my opinion.  The songs on \\"Collaspe Into Now\\" are thought provoking and some times humorous.  This is a very entertaining album.  Welcome Back R.E.M.!
B000OVLBF8|5.0|The dvd came in very good shape the case was in very good shape too.  I like that I don't want a cruddy case.  It came in the time it was suppose to so very happy with the product and service.
1439156816|5.0|I enjoyed this memoir by Stephen King. The book did not give me a full lesson about writing, but it did bring me very close to the craft. It brought a lot of things that are mostly hidden under the carpet: a life of a writer. You can open the curtain and have a glimpse of it.<br />If you are a writer, you can see yourself in it like in a play when actors come to life because they resemble you.<br />The book is uplifting. It inspires the writer to write but not to dream big.<br />Life of a writer is constant work. Most of the time, writers like to collect their own treasures into the box which can be taken out and used in their compositions.<br />The author of that book does bring some important elements that I agree with. But the author's advice might not work for every writer. Each writer has their own tool box. But some things should be at the hand of every writer, like a box of nails for a carpenter.<br />A few portions in this book felt jerked: changed too fast to another subject or used too many interruptions (dashes and parentheses).<br />Maybe, Stephen tried too hard to be concise. But overall, the book was well written.
B002ZG980U|5.0|Inception is a film that needs to be watched again and again to truly appreciate it. Not that the first viewing is any less intense or superb, but you notice much more the second time around. Inception may seem confusing but it in fact has a very simple premise: Attempt to steal vital information out of a person's subconscious, while dreaming. I have no idea why some people were perplexed about this film. If you pay attention from beginning to end, there should be no confusion and very little questions. It really isn't that hard to follow which surprised me. It may seem disoriented at first but as long as you keep watching and stay focused, you should have no problems. And the ending, though made to clearly aggrivate alot of people, was a no-brainer. And for people still disputing it, Christopher Nolan has come out and explained it and it is precisely what I originally thought happened.    This film is a team effort and everyone does a phenomenal job. DiCaprio is spot-on, as usual but it is actually Joseph Gordon-Levitt who has some of the film's more exciting scenes. Inception is non-stop from the first scene and truly is one of those edge-of-your-seat type films. The editing is superb, the visual effects, cinematography and musical score is near perfection. Again, to say much more about the film would be to ruin it, and no doubt in my mind it was the most exhilerating and just plain awesome cinematic experience of 2010.
B000002KOJ|5.0|Every artist has that ONE underrated album, and Clouds is Joni's.    Clouds doesn't do anything that really stands out.  The lyrics aren't Joni's best, the songwriting doesn't really indicate that Joni would change dramatically by the time Ladies of the Canyon came out, the instrumental variety is pretty basic and the vocal melodies definitely aren't Joni's best, but the entire thing just flows beautifully and perfectly from one song to the next.   That's the main appeal of Elton John's Tumbleweed Connection and Dire Strait's debut, in fact.  Sometimes a consistent flow just WORKS without the need for anything extra.    These songs are mostly in the category of straightforward country/folk rock (honestly, closer to country if you ask me) reminiscent of Judy Collins.  The standouts are mostly the lengthier numbers (which aren't exactly time-consuming anyway considering no song here is longer than 5 minutes).  Speaking of Judy Collins, you simply must hear \\"That Song About the Midway\\".  A perfect imitation of Collins if there ever was one.   \\"Both Sides, Now\\" has a typical vocal melody as well, but... I love it all the same.      One song with a drastically different feel from the rest of the material is \\"Roses Blue\\".  Something about the way the vocal melody continuously shifts back and forth through pretty and pleasant guitar work directly into ominous and haunting makes it quite the standout.  \\"Tin Angel\\" almost reminds me of a couple moments from Nick Drake's Five Leaves Left.    Clouds just has *it*.  It feels right on every single level of enjoyment.   Well not *every* single one, lol.  Oh, and what appealing artwork on the cover too.  Simply awesome.
B000059T00|4.0|What's not to love about Blind Faith? If you come from the generation I do, you will love the memories, the music and times. Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood are brilliant, then and now. They don't make music like this anymore! Can't Find My Way Home is a classic. Enjoy and listen on!!
B004E547D8|1.0|I ordered this dvd about a month ago, by mistake I ordered BLUE RAY, it would not play.  I went through the proper channels and sent it back.  They were out of stock of regular DVD.  It has been several weeks and no DVD.
1565115147|4.0|I heard about this book and decided to buy the audio version.  It is interesting and has merit though it does not always consider the impace of individual military leaders on engagement and campaigns. He feels that germs have won more battles for a victor than any other factor; not true but good field sanitiation did help you more soldiers in the battle.  It does explain the effect of disease developed from lifestock handling and main band of influence in world.
B0040JHLM2|5.0|Para aquellos que corren y/o caminan solo hay dos marcas que hacen la diferencia, que son los Brooks GT y los Asics GT, Cualquier marca de estos dos gigantes les daran comidad, confort y durabilidad en el calzado.  Aqui no hay molestias en los talones porque estan bien acorchados y firmes al  mismo tiempo, solo tiene que pedir estos un numero mas de lo que usas en calzado normal, por ejemplo yo uso en zapatos el No.8 y en estas marcas los pido No.9 para que me queden perfectamente bien.NO SE DEJEN ENGAAR CON FALSAS PROPAGANDAS,COMPRE UNO DE ESTOS Y NO SE ARREPENTIRAN.
B000003GBN|5.0|Having collected a variety of Beethoven Symphony recordings over the years, incorporating a variety of interpretive approaches, I continue to enjoy this recording especially since its 20 bit remastering.  The sound opens up more, the brass have a burnished edge to them now and the bit of distortion present on the first remastering is long gone.  This is aggressive Beethoven, a valid approach to these two monumental works.  If you desire a more romantic and less assertive approach, there is always Giulini, Boehm or Bernstein to name a few, but I prefer this recording somewhat even to Kleiber's celebrated VPO recording of the same two symphonies.  The sound on this Living Stereo is more mellow, less edgy with more bass response and warmth. It's an incredible value for the amount of music in such fine performances.<br /><br />I regret in my initial review I referred to this as an SACD remastering, many of which have been released by RCA/BMG of their Living Stereo recordings.  This one however, was not one of them and is solely available in a 20 bit remastering.  I was comparing it to a prior 1980s release on RCA which was limited by its now-dated early digital technology.  Thanks to Arne Sande for pointing out my error.
B00336G7HI|1.0|Just FYI. Beware of fake imitation Sony batteries. There are a lot out there and their cheap price will really draw you into buying it. I recently got a fake one (NP-FV100). Although it's in a Retail Package like how they advertised it (but they don't say OEM or original or genuine), you will notice some difference from the original battery. The battery lasted long time for each charge though, so it still works, but I think once in a while, somebody will get a bad defective one like the one person that said the plastic cover was held to the circuit board by a double-side tape (Sony or any major brand will not do that).<br /><br />Here are the differences I noticed:<br /><br />- There are slight imperfections on how the plastic was molded into shape especially at the bottom area like the corners where you connect the battery to the camcorder.<br />- My original battery has an imprint of some numbers at the bottom. The fake battery does not have it.<br />- The cut of the infoLITHIUM sticker on top is not as exact as in the original battery.<br />- Some of the retail package is not the sealed type. You can slide the back paper in and out.<br />- The print or the graphics on the retail package is not as clear as the original or is a little blurry.<br />- And of course, high chance that Sony will say it's fake and no warranty on it.<br /><br />This is just for information purposes. Know what you are buying. The battery I got that I am assuming is fake or imitation still worked.
B004FCEFUK|5.0|I wanted to wait to write this review until I'd owned the CD for a few months so that the \\"new CD\\" effect wouldn't bias me.<br /><br />I have well over 1000 CDs, and this is the best CD I own.<br /><br />For comparison, my collection includes the following CDs that I also absolutely love:<br /><br />Queensryche - Operation Mindcrime<br />Dream Theater - Scenes from a Memory<br />Enchant - Juggling 9 or Dropping 10<br />Redemption - Snowfall on Judgement Day<br />Vanden Plas - The God Thing<br />Pain of Salvation - The Perfect Element, Pt. 1<br />Alter Bridge - Blackbird<br />Kamelot - The Black Halo<br />Sphere of Souls - From the Ashes...<br />Ark - Burn The Sun<br /><br />as well as classic CDs such as Rush's \\"Moving Pictures,\\" Boston's first album, and Yes' \\"Close to the Edge.\\"  (FWIW, I own the entire catalogue by most of these artists).<br /><br />I list those CDs for two reasons:  (1) to give you an idea of the type of CDs against which \\"The Great Escape\\" compared favorably (for me), and (2) If you *like* Seventh Wonder, check out the above CDs and bands.<br /><br />In \\"The Great Escape,\\" Seventh Wonder displays astounding musicianship, soaring vocals by one of the best I've ever heard, complex musical arrangements, absolutely gorgeous melodies, and lush, tight harmonies, as well as deep, insightful lyrics.  While those qualities *can* be found elsewhere in rare instances, what sets TGE apart from other great CDs is that it's also highly *listenable*, and -- dare I say it? --  **catchy**.  On several occasions my girlfriend has asked me to put this CD on because she has the melody of one or another of its songs running through her head (she doesn't normally listen to this type of music).<br /><br />If you loved Seventh Wonder's previous two releases (\\"Mercy Falls\\" and \\"Waiting for the Wings\\"), this is a must-buy for you.  If you're unfamiliar with them, but like *any* of the CDs listed above, you truly owe it to yourself to give it a shot.
0545123275|4.0|Since there are so many review already, just wanted to add my rating to the overall score more than anything else.<br />Wavered between 3 and 4 stars.  This was very good in that it caught me from the first and held me till the end.  It was bad in that, upon reflection writing this review, there wasn't really anything to make it stand out and make me remember it and love it more than any other story in the genre.<br />That said, excellent writing by author sure must have made up for the lack.  Very like-able teen hero and heroine.  Will continue reading series.
B004HO6HYI|3.0|Although no new plot, it still warrants a look. A young man finds out he is part of an alien race that has lived among humans for years maintaining a low profile existence. When another alien race tries to destroy humanity the numbered aliens step up to protect humanity. Each has special powers, and our main character is just starting to realize his potential when he must fight for his existence and humanity. If you enjoyed this movie, be sure to catch [[ASIN:B001F76PE2 Hancock (Single-Disc Unrated Edition)]].<br /><br />CA Luster
B004GHYCKW|1.0|She is always saying she wants to do something complete different from her last album, well this could be part of a trilogy of \\"white chalk and a woman a man\\". . . because the sound and lyrics are so the same, even her live performances since white chalk are so the same, this \\"Let England Shake tour\\" is like the 2007 but with musicians.  I can't understand why people get so annoyed when someone gives a 1 star to this cd, is it so wrong to think different?, if you like this album so much and think it's the more sophisticated you heard and want to defend it with your life, you can do so, but think, Ms.Polly Harvey won't even bother to thank you.   You can see the interest the people pay.   To bring you my love - 100 reviews   Stories from the city - 208 reviews   Rid of me - 84  Uh huh her - 110   A Woman a Man walked by - 28 ?
B004A8ZX2I|3.0|SPOILER ALERT!<br /><br />I am a big fan of Liam Neeson, but this movie doesn't have the same impact of some of his other recent works. It smacks of [[ASIN:B00023B1LC The Bourne Identity (Widescreen Extended Edition)]], [[ASIN:B0012QCZ5O Vantage Point (Single-Disc Edition)]], [[ASIN:B00070FX5U Total Recall]], and other movies storylines and no surprises. A man in search of who he really is finds what he thought was true was all a plot to assasinate a powerful political opponent that he orchestrated. Decent movie with good acting and effects that is certainly worth a rental but I can't recommend it to buy as it has to much revisited material. If you enjoyed this, be sure to catch those I mentioned above.<br /><br />CA Luster
B002KQ6BT6|3.0|This book was not as well written as Dan Brown's other books. Too much literary license was taken with the scientific process. E.g. no back up of Katherine's lab results. Just not Mr. Brown's A game, but a good light read just as well.            f
B002ZG981E|4.0|For the most part Inception is original in ideas, but just so you know there are a couple others out there with similar plotlines. The focus is the ability to control anothers mind and make them think they are somewhere they are not so they will leak information. Then add in a layer or two of misdirection, twists, and red herrings to thoroughly confuse and throw off the ability to know what is real and what isn't. Cleverly done and certainly worth at least a rental. Many that enjoy mind teasers will probably want to add it to their library. If you enjoyed this, be sure to catch [[ASIN:6305869103 Dreamscape]] and [[ASIN:B0009YA3OA Mindhunters]].<br /><br />CA Luster
1439102724|1.0|As others have said, this is a novel of blacks and whites--not a gray in sight. Hence, the characters seem like cardboard cutouts that the author moves around the landscape to suit her will. In prior Picoult books (with the exception of the one before this, which I didn't even finish), the characters run wild with the story. Not here, where Picoult's is the only voice we hear.<br /><br />There is a CD that was enclosed with my library book. In the front matter of the book, Picoult says that she wrote the lyrics of the enclosed songs to go along with the chapters so that readers could experience Zoe's emotions in musical form. I would have preferred to experience them in written form, which is why I bothered to read the book in the first place. Truth is, Zoe is so uninteresting a character to me that I don't have any inclination to extend our \\"relationship\\" through music.
B000P0J0G0|1.0|I bought this so that I could relax with laughs at the end of a working day.   The DVDs are unwatchable.   The canned laughter is about 5 times as loud as the spoken words.  I turned the sound down so low that I could hardly hear the words, but the canned laughter was still so loud that it was painful.  My blood pressure raised so high I had to throw the DVDs out.  I only got half way through the first one.  Unhappy.
B004FQKY5Q|5.0|i was so glad to finally hear some new music from Roxette, My favorite songs are Shes got nothing on, Speak to me, Big black cadillac, I have to say i had to pay 27 dollars for it, but it was worth every dollar, thanks guys, you still got it.
B003FVI2KQ|5.0|Six cores for under $200, what's not to like?  I haven't tried over-clocking mine (don't really see the need), but everything I've read says they have a good deal of headroom if you like to tweak.
0307346617|5.0|Brooks presents stories of World War Z as if fact.  He explores many different aspects to an apocalyptic situation; many stories are parallel to the stories of actual wars.  The roles explored are those that we often don't consciously acknowledge in war-like situations.  Take for example the story of the characters who work with K-9 companions or who are assigned to work in the sea.  We often think of wars as the actual engagement, while World War Z examines the pre-war, war, and post-war events.  Brooks portrays flawed characters that are easy to identify with.      My one disappointment was the lack of explanation for the Z-virus.  In all the examination of war aspects, we fail to actually understand the causes of the virus.
B0041KKYEM|1.0|This was a complete waste of money and time. It was pure garbage much like that other crap I saw some years ago called Muholland Drive..............I mean come on! What's more funny and amusing are the people who get upset at the people who dislike the movie. Guess it takes a psychotic to like a psychotic then go psychosis on people who don't enjoy watching someone who has psychotic episodes!<br /><br />I mean really!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B002C6A6FY|5.0|I bought these DVDs for my wife on Valentine's Day -- Casablanca is her favorite film.  The extras are very good -- particularly the commentary by Roger Ebert, who gives you a scene-by-scene exegesis that makes the movie even more of a wonder.
B000641D2Y|5.0|Last time they left him at home, this time he gets on the wrong plane.  Look out New York City.  This film begins with the escape of the two not so bright burglars from the first film.  The main settings are the classy hotel where our hero stays and the evil desk clerk tries to catch him, a fantastic NYC toy store (which the burglars plan to burgle), a house undergoing renovations, and a park with the magical lady of the pigeons.  Parts of the film are hilarious and others really sentimental. It's enjoyable and has a sappy holiday ending like the first. I still like the first film in the series best, but this one is worth watching a few times if only for those pigeons.
B000FC2PKG|4.0|I have not yet finished the book, very close though. It has me up late at night, sneaking a few reads at work... I cant put it down. As others said, I also bought the book for $1.99. It was \\"recommended\\" to me by my kindle so I got it. I figured 2 bucks, no big deal if it was bad. BUT WOW, I love it. and Bobby Dodge really needs a vacation with some good sleep. lol
B0044FEZBM|4.0|Bolshoi Ballet - Flames of Paris    To break it down into simplest terms, this is a beautiful and exciting ballet, and with Vasiliev and Osipova in the starring roles, there is really no way you can go wrong.     As a ballet, Ratmansky's choreography combines the best elements of contemporary and classical into one. At first glance, you won't notice really any contemporary elements in the ballet; the dancers are all in classical costumes, girls in pointe shoes, and men performing their typical feats of virtuosity. However, the pace of the ballet is moved along significantly by the flow of scenes from one to the next. In the first half of the ballet, there are no divertissements, no grande pas de deux, no time consuming entrees or variations. Everything flows quickly, moving the story along and creating a clear exposition.     The only possible flaw in Ratmansky's beautiful and sweeping choreography is the loss of pace in the second half of the ballet. After experiencing the torrential whirlwind of movement in the first half, it's a bit surprising to see things slow down after intermission. However, the divertissements are so brilliantly danced and choreographed that it seems almost a crime to dislike the change.    Natalia Osipova, petite pistol of the Bolshoi, is made for the role of Jeanne. Her dynamo technique and absolutely unrestrained passion convince the viewer immediately that she is indeed a strong peasant girl with the fires of youth burning brightly. Any entrance Osipova makes onto the scene is immediately noticeable; beyond her incredible jumps and technique, she emits a magnetism that is difficult--if not impossible--to ignore. Her technique shines brightest in the final act's grande pas de deux; Osipova seems to not only match, but outshine her partner's incredible jumps. My only regret is that we do not see more of Osipova in the ballet. Granted, ballets ought not be transformed to be vehicles for star; but I found myself wanting more of Jeanne.    Lead ballerina aside, the other three stars of this production do a fantastic job of displaying a smoothness and plasticity of technique and pulling you into their stories. Denis Savin plays the fragile and emotional Jerome with a tenderness often difficult for male dancers to portray. Nina Kaptsova matches him beautifully, and the love story between Jerome and Adeline is, as a relationship, more interesting than that of Jeanne and Phillipe (Osipova and Vasiliev.) Perhaps the scene stealer of this particular production is the nimble and dazzling dancer portraying Armida in the grande divertissement of the party scene. Seldom can a divertissement so long and detailed not feel like an interruption in the story; however, the stunning spectacle of this one makes it one of the brightest and best parts of the ballet. Where Osipova and Vasiliev dazzle with virtuosity, the spirit of Russian ballet and its delicacy and Imperial heritage shine through in the divertissement.    Overall this DVD is one absolutely worth owning for all ballet lovers and watchers. It is also, in my opinion, a fantastic way to introduce someone to ballet. The story is bright and quick, the dancing exciting, and the setting well known.
B00152VWJA|5.0|I own other Celine Dion cd's but after I read and heared the sample songs I knew I had to purchase this cd.       Amazon had this cd at a great price and very good delivery. After I received the cd I played it on my Auto CD player and it sounded great.       I would recommend purchasing this cd.
1591843790|5.0|but this is it. As a beta tester, I had an early look at Enchantment, and was delighted with it. I read a lot of business books, and most are theoretical and boring. The draft of Enchantment was thoroughly engrossing; the released version is one of the best I've ever read.    I put business in quotation marks because Enchantment would be useful for anyone -- we all have relationships, causes, and conversations, all of which will be improved by applying what we learn from Kawasaki's book. (Though one might argue that business people have particular hurdles to overcome on the path to becoming enchanting.)    If you're someone who doesn't like marking up books, be sure to have writing materials on hand to jot down notes as you read, as there will be many suggestions you'll want to try right away.
0316069485|4.0|This is another Harry Bosche detective story.It is fast moving and easy to read.The plot is simple and not complicated but i thought there could be a twist at the end.The accused is guilty in the end so nothing special.You are held in suspense and curious as to what the twist is but there is none.
1416914285|5.0|Clary goes with her best friend, Simon to the Pandemonium club. There she witnesses three tattooed kids, who are Shadowhunters take out a demon. Clary is a mundane, a human and shouldn't be able see the Shadowhunters when they use their glamour, but she does see them.<br /><br />Soon after this discovery, Clary's life begins to fall apart. Valentine, a powerful Shadowhunter, kidnaps Jocelyn, Clary's mother. Clary's life is thrown into the Shadowhunters' world where it is a race to find her mother and save her. Jocelyn is the only one who knows where the Immortal Cup is hidden and the Shadowhunters must find it before Valentine and his followers do. Valentine's plan is the cup to eliminate all nonhumans, which include werewolves, vampires, warlocks--well any being he considers a Downworlder.<br /><br />While all this is going on, Jace (one of the Shadowhunters from the Pandemonium club) and Clary find their growing attraction for each other complicated.<br /><br />I downloaded this book from audible to listen in my car on my drives to and from work. I couldn't wait to find out how the story would unfold and found myself sitting in the car long after I arrived home.<br /><br />Vampires, Werewolves, Demons, Warlocks, Shadowhunters, and other preternatural beings make up Ms. Clare's fantastic Urban fantasy you won't want to miss.<br /><br />I have to say Jace was my favorite character with his over confident attitude and witty come backs, but he also had a vulnerable side as well. Magnus Bane, the flamboyant Warlock also intrigued me.
0061726826|4.0|Lena tries really hard to fit in, but she's always been a little bit different on the inside, and that scares her. Lena can't wait to undergo the cure, the procedure that will ensure she is never able to love. She saw what the deliria did to her mother and sister, and she's not taking any chances. But on the day of her Evaluation, a group of protesters from the Wilds breaks in and sends the building into chaos. Lena meets a boy named Alex, and nothing will ever be the same.<br /><br />I could not put this book down. I literally devoured it. I thought the concept was very original. Good characters, well-written, fast-paced; a super exciting final sequence of events...but I hated the ending. Not so much because it sucked, but because I wasn't prepared for it. It was so abrupt it left me feeling cheated after I'd latched onto the story so strongly. Now that I've read what other people are saying about it, I've learned that there's a sequel in the works, so now it makes more sense and I feel a little better.<br /><br />I've seen some comparisons to the recently released Matched, but Delirium lacks the eloquence and poignancy of Matched. For me anyway. But, my complaints about the ending aside, I'm a sucker for a love story, and this story is pretty good. It's really thought-provoking, and a little scary as the Consortium makes a pretty good argument about love being the source of all conflict. You can see how someone who has never known the joy of love would think eliminating it would be a good idea. I look forward to the continuation of this story.
0061537969|4.0|A well written story that kept me interested throughout. The subject of auto racing was accurately described though the story line stretched the imagination beyond the limits of reality. Still it was a good story.  The overall plot was predictable, but one wanted to continue for a love of the characters involved. I enjoyed this  book more than most.
0670022411|5.0|I must agree with other people when I say this is one of my favorite books. I really felt the love between Matthew and Diana which is rare in romance book these days. The characters actually took time to even like and trust eachother let alone love eachother...this was no love at first sight, more like terror at first sight. This whole book had me on edge about what would happen next and had me reading late into the night. This was one of those books where you loose yourself and your bad day utterly into this story and you feel and see everything Diana does. This author alos does a nice mix of real & accurate history with sci-fi and that makes this world even more possible. The rules of her sci-fi world make sense and the story has an outline and it goes somewhere leaving you with just enough information to keep your brain churning and your fingers turning.   This is a ROMANCE book however so I warn anyone who is not into romances. This is not an erotic book or a total sappy romance with no story its a very clever combination of a lot of romance, a little steamy touching and a GREAT magical story! I wont go over what this story is about since others have but I will say that I have looked and looked for a book like this since I read it and I have not come close. It has a very unique plot with shocking twists and turns. This book was worth every last penny, my only regret is that I let someone borrow it and never got it back :-( If you read this book, give it about 130 pages (its a long book) to get really good, I know that seems like a while and it is but its worth it in the end. The beginning is a bit slow.    ***If anyone has any recommendations on similar books to this one please let me know it would be highly appriciated***
031603438X|3.0|Has anyone else read both Keith and Slash's books and find that there are so many parallels? Both are lead guitarists in famous bands who have serious addictions and also have lead singers who are also their lyricists who take advantage of their drug addled states financially? My thoughts when reading this were that he read Slash's book and decided to write his own. I also got bored wiht the continual banter about going cold turkey only to start using again but you know what? That was their life and we wanted to read about it! Makes a person really glad to not be a junkie. What I do love is the honesty because if the book was all about the music it wouldn't be genuine, we all heard about the rumors of their love/hate relationship and now we know its all true. I love how he dishes on Mick. All in all it was a bit erratic in it's style but then I am hoping that is because it was a true autobiography and the ghost writer did not put his slant on it? He sounds like a good-hearted bloke actually.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|I'd seen Wall-E once before, when it was in theaters, but I was struck all over again by just how smart this movie is, and how much faith it places in it audience. Just think about the breadth of the narrative world it creates: a world in which mankind has destroyed the earth, but a subsection of the presumably wealthy were able to escape on a luxury spaceship to wait for things to get better planetside; in which those escapees have grown fat, lazy, and stupid over generations of said waiting. And that's just the backstory. In the film itself we see the system of probes that the ship uses to continually analyze conditions on earth, and see how the evacuees finally make their return to earth and begin to rebuild. The technological systems the film portrays feel logical and believable, if one is willing to make allowances for cartoon logic. Still, all of this takes place at the margins, leaving room in the center for the real heart of the film, a convoluted love story about two really cute cartoon robots. Not bad for 90 minutes. And most remarkably, all of this is conveyed using an absolute minimum of dialog, with most of the story told purely through visuals and sound. I'm sure there are considerably more words in this review than there are in Wall-E itself.    Also embedded within the film are additional layers of subtext, of in-jokes and cultural references for those in the know, such as the Sputnik satellite which bashes into Wall-E as he is rocketed into space while clinging to the side of a returning probe ship. The most obvious and repeated homages are to one of my all-time favorite films, Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey. The villain in Wall-E was obviously inspired by HAL, right down to his single staring red eye and his passive-aggressive way of speaking. And in an unusually unsubtle move, the filmmakers explicitly invoke 2001 when the captain gets onto his feet for the first time, playing the legendary (and cliched) Also Sprach Zarathustra theme andconsciously echoing the scene in 2001 where the man-apes begin to use tools for the first time.    The parallels between the two films also run deeper than these conscious references. Like 2001, Wall-E has -- one satirical commercial aside -- no dialog at all for its first 30 minutes, and uses dialog only sparsely thereafter. And both are, in their own ways, about a moment of transcendence for the human race. Of course, both films are also products of their times, 2001 reflecting the quasi-mystical beatitude of the Age of Aquarius and Wall-E being full of our own era's angst about environmental destruction and the depersonalizing -- not to say degrading -- effects of technology and big media. (How ironic, then, that this film was distributed by the biggest media of all, the Disney Corporation.)    That's a lot of thematic weight for a cartoon to carry, but Wall-E does it admirably. When I compare it with any number of brain-dead Hollywood action flicks, I'm left to ponder why it is that some of the best and most sophisticated films to come out of major studios are cartoons marketed primarily to children -- and what (if anything) does that say about the state of modern culture? Ah, well... I adore Wall-E. And I don't even like cartoons.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|I've been waiting to watch this documentary, and it was worth the price of admission.  A fabulous look at our current state of affairs and the revolving door between Washington and Wall Street.  The film contains some rather well-deserved criticism for supposed economic experts and professors moonlighting as hired pens for banks to push their deregulation agenda.    The film highlights why virtually nothing has been done to seriously investigate the crisis and prosecute the offenders.  The list of indictments would be monumental and the message of economic recovery would be exposed for the lie that it is.  The recovery has been swift for those who committed the crimes, while everyone else is left holding the bag.  Don't miss the gem describing former Treasury Secretary Paulson's sale of his Goldman stock.     So much for shared sacrifice!
B003UYUR0G|5.0|As a personal rule of thumb, I tend to stay away from any movies (cartoons excluded) made by Disney. Or any movies based on computer games.    Why?    From experience, they tend to be very disappointing and boring. They tend to be \\"dumbed down\\" versions of real life situations.    However, I'm glad to be proven wrong this time where Prince of Persia is concerned.   It is a very entertaining movie and my entire family enjoyed watching it from beginning to end.    The special effects are also wonderful, e.g. when the magical dagger is activated, it seems very realistic and is comparable to the \\"Back to the future\\" series where time travel is concerned.   Just think of this as a medieval version of time travel.   Another example of wonderful special effects is the view of the holy city. It was so wonderfully and realistically rendered in BLu-Ray that one of my family members actually thought that such a city existed in real life!    Storywise, I'll refrain from any spoilers.    Suffice to say that this is one of those \\"the butler did it\\" kind of movie. I kinda guessed who the \\"bad guy\\" would be the moment he first appeared in the movie, just like in \\"Angels and Demons\\". ;)    The casting director did a good job here as all the actors and actresses had a perfect fit for all their respective roles. None of the actors/actresses ever appeared to be out of place in their roles.    There are also sufficient twists and turns (both literally and figuratively) in the storyline and plenty of action to keep you and your family glued to your seats for the entire movie.    This is one of those movies which deserves 5 POPCORNS out of 5!!!    P.S. This movie is based on a computer game and it would be remiss of me to not add any comments about that.   Well, the lead actor does jump and climb alot as in the computer game but anyone who has not played the computer game before would still enjoy watching this movie. It does not take away (nor add) anything from the overall visual experience.
B001NEK2GE|4.0|I really like it.  You could simply use the regular keyboard but this is somewhat comfortable and has a navigation stick.  I have only used it for strategy games.  All in all, I would recommend if the money is available.
1591843790|4.0|As a beta tester for Guy's new book I found it extremely timely. When I received the \\"go ahead\\" to download and review his draft I was at a convention listening to a presentation of the \\"soft sell\\". Basically I was hearing a much lighter version of the message Guy is heralding in his new book.     As a former Macintosh User Group President (12 years) I immediately recognized many of the qualities I came to love about the Apple computer and the way Apple did business in the early years. I can see that Guy and those associated with him were using and developing the \\"enchantment\\" way of doing business way back when Guy was a big part of Apple's inception.     I know that whether one is in business, about to start a business, endeavoring to draw folks together for a single cause, \\"Enchantment\\" will impart some very basic, good ethics and ideas. I enjoyed the read and look forward to rereading the finalized version of Guy's latest \\"winner\\".
B000063JZQ|5.0|This is my favorite version of MacBeth. It was directed by Roman Polanski, and produced by Hugh Hefner, sometime in the 1970's (but don't let that scare you.) This dvd is an authentic, true-to-the story and almost word for word version of Shakespeare's bone-chilling tale of power, corruption and murder. Amazing costumes, scary witches, great scenery and wonderful acting by a very talented (but mostly unknown) cast. Teenagers love it, too. Probably too violent for younger children. If you are a fan of this bloody tale, I highly recommend it!
B0009IOR6Q|5.0|Classic Depp!!!    This is a musical that is a hell of alot better than The Demon Barber of Fleet Street...    This is a good version for a great price!
1439190275|5.0|I always felt the Atkins folks were a little compromising. The media and unscientific attacks never stop, primarily from animal rights kinds of people who hate the idea that people eat meat to be healthy. The New Atkins For a New You is getting back to the basics of a low-carb diet without pandering to the non-science. I believe that the current bestseller, [[ASIN:0307272702 Why We Get Fat: And What to Do About It (Borzoi Books)]], is one reason why the Atkins people decided to stop apologizing and just keep showing people who need to be healthier how to do it - through a low-carb, higher protein, higher fat regiment from breakfast to dinner.
1591843790|5.0|An easy read, that has good substance.    Guy's book had me constantly scribbling notes & jotting down ideas for how I could apply his thoughts in my own small business.    A guide on the art of enchanting.  My favourite part is his advice to swear - and how & when to swear (not very often - and only in the face of \\"forehead-smacking hypocrisy, arrogance, intentional inaccuracy, and dishonesty\\").  For me, this was symbolic of this book - learning to be enchanting isn't about learning to con people.  It's about being authentic - and swearing is generally an authentic reaction to the ludicrous.    There is a way to swear, just as there is a way to enchant.  Some of it's common sense, some of it requires more thought.  Guy Kawasaki's book will definitely make you think.    This was my first Guy Kawasaki book - I'm now looking forward to going through his back catalogue.
B004HW7JMO|5.0|I Love THE FIRST SEASON OF SPARTACUS AND THE PRICE WAS IN REASON AND I WOULD LOVE TO BUY THE SECOND ONE ON DVD, BUT YOU THINK ITS A BIT CRAZY THAT YOU CHARGED CLOSE TO 30 DOLLARS FOR 5 EPISODES? I THINK THE PRICE NEED TO BE LOWERED SOME.IT A REALLY REALLY GOOD SEASON, THE PRICE IS JUST OUTRAGOUS THATS ALL.
0439023521|4.0|Blurb - \\"Katniss is a 16-year-old girl living with her mother and younger sister in the poorest district of Panem, the remains of what used be the United States. Long ago the districts waged war on the Capitol and were defeated. As part of the surrender terms, each district agreed to send one boy and one girl to appear in an annual televised event called, \\"The Hunger Games.\\" The terrain, rules, and level of audience participation may change but one thing is constant: kill or be killed. When Kat's sister is chosen by lottery, Kat steps up to go in her place.\\"    I have a love/hate relationship with this book. I really loved it while I was reading it, I felt compelled to finish and I did it in one day. But when I was done I felt almost a sense of despair and wondered if there was anything good about the book at all. To start with, this book is full of heartbreak. It's just one thing after another. The fact that the Tributes (the boys and girls chosen by lottery per District to play in the Games) live a life of hunger and poverty before being forced to fight to the death in the Games if pretty awful. Then Prim is chosen for the games even though Katniss has her name in the lottery many more times. There's the whole reason behind why her name is in the lottery that many times. Then the sort-of romance (if one can call anything that happens in the Arena romantic).     This book is just chock full of misery and doubt and remorse. It's also a rather harsh parody of modern society and our love for reality television shows, extreme violence, and glorification of celebrities.    I can't decide if I want to continue with the series. I think it could be interesting to see how Collins resolves the central relationships, and what happens after the Games have been shaken up. There's obviously seeds of revolution that will be sowed. Apparently the next book shows the huge discrepancy between those who live in the Capitol (where the governing body resides) and those who struggle inthe districts. There's obviously a huge gap in technology and I'd like to see the hows and whys of that.     All in all I'd recommend the book, but with warnings of the negativity and violence.
0956827802|1.0|A book with the title of \\"What Every Man Thinks About Apart From Sex\\" & 200 blank pages. Possibly the most misandric book i've ever seen. This is the equivilant of me writing a book called \\"What women do when they aren't sleeping around, complaining & spending your money: A practical guide book for men\\" & then just having 300 blank pages.
0545123275|3.0|Blurb: For years, Grace has watched the wolves in the woods behind her house. One yellow-eyed wolf--her wolf--is a chilling presence she can't seem to live without.     And there's more blurbiness but it gives much of the story away.     I'd had this on my Amazon wish list probably since it came out but never felt all geared up to read it. I finally nabbed it (used, super cheap... I am bad supporter of authors, I know) and settled in without even reading the blurbs or knowing anything about this book except that it contained werewolves. I think I've been hesitant to read books that prominently feature them since the main character my seldom worked on WIP is one. BUT I wanted to dig myself out of the epic fantasy groove that I've been in and this book is definitely not epic. I devoured it in less than two days, much unlike the four 600+ page tomes that I'd just finished - Brent Weeks' Night Angel Trilogy and the second book of Robert V.S. Redick's Chathrand Voyage series, The Ruling Sea.    First off, this book would have been, like, the best thing ever if I'd read it in high school. It's wordy, the romantic male lead writes his own songs, loves poetry, and has a disturbing past and the female lead is a clever do-gooder. My one complaint about the characters themselves is about her, Grace. I found it odd that she seems to have no other interests besides obsessing over the wolves. Yes, she has a good reason to, but when I was in high school I was hooked on literature, art, music, and photography. I basically breathed that stuff. Grace studies a lot but it doesn't seem like a passion. She cooks for her parents often but doesn't it's not a creative outlet. Her mother's an artist but Grace isn't interested in that. I don't really see what's driving her besides the wolves, and frankly, that's not enough. I don't like these blank slate characters that every reader is supposed to imagine as themselves.     So despite not loving the main character, I did throroughly enjoy this book. Stiefvater is an excellent writer, and though I don't like to make comparison's her style reminds me Melissa Marr a bit. It's very smooth, transitioning from one POV to the other. The descriptions are poetic - \\"As the hours crept by, the afternoon sun bleached all the books on the shelves to pale, gilded versions of themselves and warmed the paper and ink inside the overs so that the smell of unread words hung in the air.\\" So that might sound like bad poetry but the speaker is a werewolf who can actually smell the ink that made those words.     The story itself is interesting, if not fully fleshed out. The focus is the love between Grace and Sam, everything else is kind of on the sidelines. But it was... cute. The all-consuming first love, the hesitation, the longing. Then, BOOM, time to go to school. I loved that Stiefvater plunks her characters back in class and doesn't ignore the day to day things like that. Sure there were things that weren't fully explained, but I have a feeling that more of the werewolf mythology comes out later.     So, I recommend this if you're looking for some romance with your fantasy. Okay, a lot of romance. But it's well-written and wordsmith-y supernatural romance for book nerds.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|No matter what age you are, this is a must see. I watch it all the time still and it still touches me and makes me laugh. Despicable Me is far from Despicable. I love it!!!!
B002ZG97RE|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie and have watched it several times.  Matt Damon is excellent and I am not normally his biggest fan.
B0009IOR6Q|5.0|When I was a kid I had every word to every line and every lyric to this movie memorized. When I bought and it watched it again, I realized I still knew it all. This cheesy comedy with a young, budding Johnny Depp is another classic for my collection of DVDs.
0735619670|5.0|This past weekend I threw away six boxloads of codewriting manuals and \\"Definitive Guides.\\"  Many of them were nearly unreadable, poorly organized, barely useful other than for pressing flower petals and ferns.      During my lifetime it's certain that this volume will never meet such an ignominious end. It's far and away the most valuable book I've ever read on the development process. It was an effortless read, that I looked forward to every evening with relish. Perfectly organized, each idea logically flowing to the next.  The writing is clear and precise, easy to understand, a work of near perfection.     The Return on Invested Time was immediate.  As I read, new understandings and approaches were employed. The process has become more efficient. The bonus is that I've been reinvigorated, approaching projects with new zeal and confidence. Impossible to put a price on that outcome!    I will reread and refer to CODE COMPLETE as long as I am working.  GREAT BOOK.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I watched Lost while it was aired first time. I am not fan to watch series, however, thank to my girlfriend four years ago(now my wife) I started to watch this TV show due to it was highly recommended. I have been hooked by the story since the very beginning to the very end. I can not still believe how good Lost is.<br /><br />I really liked very much LOST that I bought this set on blu ray a few months ago. As soon as it arrived, I started watching it and I completed all six seasons till yestarday. This is my second time through, however, I was still amazed by every episodes as it were my first time through.<br /><br />The quality of the pictures and sound of this blu ray set are outstanding. Full HD 1080p and DTS HD 5.1. And the box is very well done (hidden disc, darma initiative things, among others).<br /><br />Now, I am a little sad because, there are not a great TV show out there that can replace LOST by now. I am trying Fringe, however, it was a great TV show, it is not as good as LOST for me.<br /><br />I think I will wait a couple of months and I will start over from very beginner.<br /><br />One of the thing a like most about this TV show was the soundtrack. It is the best soundtrack ever made for TV show so far.<br /><br />I would like to thanks to all the people involved on producing this masterpeace. It was a very great experience to me watching this greastest TV show ever.
B003UESJH4|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. I just saw it and while I knew it had won Best Picture, I was really glad to see that a deserving film had won since that doesn't always seem to be the case. Also, Colin Firth did a brilliant job here and definitely deserved to win Best Actor, which I was so glad to see because I have always been a fan of his. Overall, the movie was cast very well and definitely one of the few really great movies put out by Hollywood in recent years. I'm not sure why it was rated R though, should of just been PG-13. Wonderful movie, would definitely recommend!!
0307272702|5.0|I found this book very enlightening.  It was wonderful to have actual research to back up why low carb is good for you and to show that what we have been taught for years isn't right.  This only verifies to me why for years I have had so much trouble keeping my weight down.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|As we all know, Beauty and the Beast is one of the best Disney classics, otherwise why would you be looking for this dvd?  This collection is great for the spcial features as well as the feature film itself.<br /><br />The extended edition includes a new song \\"When We're Human Again\\".  This song is a great addition to the movie.  It doesn't add any substantial substance to the plot, but it's a great fun number that doesn't throw the plot off so it's a nice addition.  I was a little susprised to see it in the film, but it was definitely a good surprise.  It dives into the secondary characters a bit more and the lives in the castle so it adds another layer to the story that has gone unseen until now.<br /><br />As an arts student learning maya, I loved the animated and storyboard feature.  The feature screen is located in the upper left portion of the screen so it's not distracting if you want to focus on the regular film.  The images vary between the storyboard, animated drawings, and regular film (as it fills in the gaps when needed).  I noticed that the colors in the blu-ray version are much brighter than what I was used to from the VHS version, and I think this can be seen in the storyboard version as the colors seem to be darker in that version.<br /><br />The interviews with the cast of the Broadway version are also really interesting.  I like the fact that they had commentary for many different Beauties.  Hearing their various perspectives was very insightful along with hearing from different members of the cast as well.  I wish they would have showed film from an actual show, but this was also a fresh alternative.<br /><br />What a great movie!  Almost as great as the features!
B004DMIIOG|5.0|Stunning animation within the technological world of \\"Oz\\", even better outside in the real world. The problems within \\"Oz\\" are simple to understand and easy to see, yet they create such complex dilemmas for the characters in the real world; technology adds stress and easily controls every aspect of our lives, and 'Summer Wars' does a fantastic job revealing this.     The film won the Japanese Academy Prize for Best Animated Feature Film, and it easily deserves the award: the characters are fresh, the story is exciting, the music is spectacular, the animation boasts a few surprises and new techniques (which, for any true Anime fan, should make it a must-see) and the similarities between the animated Earth and our real one are strikingly real with vivid detail; TV's are different brands, children play with the Nintendo DSi, there is an iPhone, the television channels are real too (this can be seen perfectly on Blu-ray).    Overall 'Summer Wars' is a triumph, better than Hosoda's previous 'The Girl Who Leapt Through Time' and many other anime films for that matter. It has all the makings of a classic, and a little something for everyone!    The Blu-ray disc is excellent, great sound/video quality from Funimation. I'm very pleased with it all.
0316069884|4.0|as a jonathan safran foer fan and a vegan i liked this book. it gave a lot of information about factory farming in a really down-to-earth, easy to read format, which was nice. he gives a disclaimer in the beginning that it's not necessarily a pro-vegetarian book and that's definitely true; he was pretty neutral throughout the book. personally i like a lot more passion in books regarding animal rights and diets but i did learn a ton of hard facts to back up my beliefs about both things. absolutely worth reading.
B001OQCV2E|3.0|The RICH and the UBERICH shall replenish the earth    Of course that is the way of it, those who have POWER and those who can BUY it will be saved.  But WAIT until they have to sow the seed and harvest the crops by the sweat of their brows to keep their greedy bellies full.     The LIVING will ENVY the DEAD (the few Chinese workers who manged to get aboard, much will be expected of them but they can't be tasked to do all the menial labor in the brave new world else during the night sometime they'll sneak off and start their own civilization).    I wish I could get through cross town traffic that quickly and that was some slick flying with only a couple of lessons, to include LANDING that first plane, hard to do even on a computer sim.    SUSPEND REALITY and everything you know about science and physics and a few other things...    ...FORGET about geopolitics and the possibility that real world Communist Chinese might renege on the arks and herd all  the foreign devils  into a gigantic prison camp,  lock the cages while only the the best of  the Han  board.  Tibets or those riotous guys,  the Uyghurs-- probably NOT invited,  room is needed to store  the  censor supercomputers.  Then watch while the they all float away to create a Mandarin only world, muhHahAhA!!!    Once these few things are forgotten, and you convince yourself into realizing that this is not OUR possible earth future, but only comic book parallel earth, you should actually be able to enjoy this movie with its fantastic special effects and optimistic international brotherhood co-operative outlook.    5 stars  -1 for all that effort at self brainwashing to temporarily suspend my sense of reality.  -1 for putting Wisconsin at the South Pole, its cold enough there already  = 3 STARS
1599218011|5.0|THIS IS A WONDERFUL BOOK WITH GREAT GUIDANCE TO IMPROVE BOTH MENTAL AND PHYSICAL HEALTH...THANKS TO THE AUTHOR FOR SHARING...
B001FB4W0W|5.0|OMG!!! My best friend got me watching true blood. I never thought i would get hooked! I brought the 1st season from amazon.com and actually got it at a great price. I went through NPS. I was very pleased with the product! I will order again from them, and amazon.! LOVING TRUEBLOOD!!
B0032KNA4I|1.0|I feel bad for anyone who actually believed this crap.-same as \\"Y2K\\", this is just another bogus scandal, along the likes of Global Warming. -which, if anyone who reads this does in fact believe in Global Warming, please go read the news. Even Al Gore admitted its made up. They changed the wording to \\"Global Climate Change\\" and anyone with a good well rounded education would know that means...'the world changes...all the time...so calm down and use your hair spray'.     As for this movie, please dont waste your time or brain cells. Id rather sit through another viewing of Al Gores movie that ever watch this!!
0060555661|3.0|This book was filled with historical reviews, educational elements, and practical advice for investing.  I'll admit, sometimes, the material was too in-depth for me, not being a mature invester or financial expert.  Still, I took a lot of positive advice from the book and expect to gain more the next time I read it.    This book might be best suited for someone with a clear understanding and knowledge of certain financial indicators/factors/characteristics, in terms of financial statements.
B004FGMV0W|4.0|The first time I listened to this album, I would have probably given it a 2-star rating. There are clichs, unnecessary cursing in songs that would have otherwise been excellent, and a rather bland overall feeling. But upon multiple listenings, this albums definitely tends to grow on you. An interesting change, considering I enjoyed all of her previous albums the first time I heard them. Good traveling or melancholic contemplating music. I currently give it a 3.5 rating. Maybe 4 if I listen to it a few more times. But this is definitely not her best album.
0307272702|5.0|This is a must-have book from Gary Taubes.  Good Calories Bad Calories is good too, but too long when you want to be informed quickly and change your diet ASAP. My total cholesterol went from 239 to 185 by following what Taubes says in his books, that it is carbohydrate, not fat, that is the cause of obesity.  My HDL is 93, LDL 83, Triglycerides 46 and fasting glucose 84.  I lost 35 lbs. too.  I'm pre-diabetic and following the \\"healthy whole grain\\" and low fat diet was clearly not working as my weight kept going up and my blood tests were very poor.  Remember, whole grains that digest slowly still become sugar when they do digest.  My parents and grandparents knew to not eat sugar, pasta, bread and potatoes if they wanted to be lean.  What changed?  We have been given so much misinformation by the media and medical world, and if you repeat a lie often you will start to believe it's true.  This book,along with Tom Naughton's Fat Head documentary DVD, which Gary Taubes is featured in and it is available on Amazon, are truly the information needed to get off the diet roller coaster.
1591843790|4.0|I received a review copy of Enchantment from Guy.<br /><br />I have to say, this was an unusual book for Guy to have written IMO.  Not because he wasn't qualified to write it of course, but because his other books \\"felt\\" more direct and more \\"no Bull-Shittake\\" to me.<br /><br />That's why I rate it 4/5 stars.<br /><br />This is an engaging read, and a very well-organized business book in my opinion.  Instead of \\"big blobs of text\\" like I've seen in other business books, Guy wrote this book with clear objectives, bullets, ideas etc... within each chapter.  He also includes a mini \\"case-study\\" at the end of each chapter that is relevant to the chapter being presented.<br /><br />Purchase this book if you're searching for a solid and engaging read covering how to make each and every contact your company makes with current and potential customers a solid one.
B000W93CHC|5.0|I've got this for Christmas as my first book for Kindle and I loved it!  It's a great read, the story is very captivating and I just wasn't able to put the book down!
1591843790|5.0|Guy Kawasaki provides a step-by-step process on how to be your best self in any situation.  While pouring through each chapter, readers can pick up tools of likability, trustworthiness, and endurance that Guy carefully lays out in a how-to fashion.  Guy reveals a lot of himself in this book, he's enchanting -- I work for him, so I know he knows his stuff.
B0043RSJ8G|3.0|I have read most of Jodi Picoult's books, and I have loved every one of them until now.  While I thought the topics were good and very relevant, I thought the first half of the book dragged on a bit, and the last half lacked the shocking twists and turns I normally associate with this author.  I figured out the last twist chapters before it actually happened, and I have never done that with a Jodi Picoult book before.      I also felt she attacked Christians.  I don't believe this was her intent, but I think she portrayed Christians as just one thing -- basically, homophobic freaks.  Not all Christians act or believe the things that her characters from the Eternal Glory church do.  I thought she went out of her way to make sure that homosexual stereotypes were avoided or addressed as not being true, but she did not do the same for Christians, and stereotyped Christians as narrow minded bigots.      Overall I was very disappointed with this book.  I did give it 3 stars, but only because I thought the topics and premise of the book were good, but the author just did not do a good job of telling this story.
B00003CXRP|5.0|I am a huge Tom Hanks fan! He knows how to act! You could put him in any siuation and he would excell! In this he is amazing as a plane wrecked man on an island. He makes a friend since he has noone to talk to on the island. Wilson. Also his love for his girlfriend gives him motivation to try to escape the island. The movie is overall a great one.
1591843790|5.0|Read Guy Kawasaki's new book. Now.    This is a man who breathes buzz. Others talk about how to create product lust, marketing momentum, and runaway sales.  Kawasaki is the original Apple evangelist, and in his latest book, he's compressed a quarter century of wisdom.    When Kawasaki's publisher first sent me Enchantment, The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds and Actions, a month ago I knew it would be a bestseller. The title, so important with any product or offering, is spot on. Kawasaki has hit on a captivating word--Enchantment--that elevates what we'd all like to be doing on our good days, enchanting customers, colleagues and partners, and, yes, inspiring ourselves to a level higher than we imagined possible.    Why did I know Enchantment would be a bestseller? Because the cover is drop dead gorgeous. And because Kawasaki understands that books--like many products or new offerings--live or die based on building an early wave of fans. I wrote this review the day before this title was released on March 8, 2011. By then Enchantment was already ranked #77 on Amazon, and climbing. That's extraordinary for a book you can't even buy yet. The reason: Guy knows how to enchant a lot of people.    Enchantment is proof positive of Kawasaki's method--a cheerleading, social-media fueled blend of product creation and enthusiasm that is ultimately about the art of persuasion. No less than Sir Richard Branson of Virgin has given Kawasaki a blurb, and the advance reviews and articles seem likely to snowball into the kind of buzz that becomes self-perpetuating.    This is Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People for the twitter generation, from how to smile, Facebook, tweet, craft a message, and most of all earn the trust necessary for achieving lasting enchantment.    But first my own disclosure: I am one of the many who was long ago drawn within Kawasaki's enchantment circle. While promoting one of my recent books, I found that if Kawasaki liked an article that I wrote related to my book, he'd tweet it and suddenly thousands of people would be drawn to my author's website and potentially my book. That's gold for an author, and I quickly learned his tastes and interests. Kawasaki knows how to wield this power. With more than 305,000 followers on Twitter he can create his own little tsunamis.    By the way, I am fulfilling one of Guy's Enchantment Rules, found in Chapter 3, How to Achieve Trustworthiness. Conflicts are not conflicts if you're honest up front. Guy advises to come clean early, \\"Most People won't care that you are an interested or conflicted party as long as you disclose the relationship,\\" he writes. \\"Also if you're trying to enchant people because you love a cause, disclosure is good marketing. It means you believe in the cause so much that you have chosen to work for it.\\"    Kawasaki is no ordinary marketing messiah. One of the original evangelists for the Macintosh, he cut his teeth as a marketer back in the day when Apple's success was anything but certain. IBM dominated the market, and Steve Jobs and his maverick computers were not considered hardy or practical enough for the Fortune 500.    That's hard to imagine today, as Apple takes over the world, and IBM and Microsoft struggle to play catch-up. And that's why Kawasaki is the ideal mentor for a new generation. He's old enough to know what it takes to overcome the naysayers, yet has managed to stay youthful and relevant.    Enchantment is about how to succeed on a personal and product level. You'll learn how to \\"Push\\" and \\"Pull\\", technically, of course. Kawasaki is a master of social media, and how to use his influence to build his buzz. He knows how to inspire interns and countless others to join his cause. Indeed, each chapter ends with an individual's personal story of enchantment set off in a box with a photo.    Many of his truisms are classic, such as \\"Make it Short, Simple and Swallowable.\\" As someone who does corporate branding I enjoyed a section on how people respond to words, rhymes and the importance of a good brand name. Sprinkled within the narrative you will find stories of how Virgin, Zappos, and yes Apple got ahead by being good--taking the enlightened path of trustworthiness and a good cause to market success.    Enchantment is really about how to enchant you, how to create something far more authentic and enduring than a personal brand. If some readers wonder why there aren't more tales of knock your socks off, enchanting brands, I've got news for you.    Kawasaki is no fool. My hunch is that Enchantment The Sequel may focus on the end result. On the enchantment blog he launched to help create his new book, I found this intriguing note: \\"I would like to include a few personal stories of enchantment in my next book. I am looking for examples of how people, products, services, organizations, ideas, or causes (sic) swept you off your feet.\\"    Time is a wasting. Kawasaki wants it under 200 words. My advice is to start writing now. Who knows? Get your act together, and you just might find that you--and your company--will ride the Enchantment wave.
B002ZG98C8|5.0|it's bloody  it's violent   it's sexy  it's gore  its' cult  it's very funny  it's Danny Trejo
1594484775|5.0|This is my first Nick Hornby book (although I liked the movie High Fidelity, which I hear is pretty close in flavor to the book), but I only picked JULIET, NAKED up because it was recommended by an author I follow.  I wont go into the plot, you can get the basic idea from the the blurb on the back of the book. What I will say is that JULIET, NAKED was a bit of a slow start for me, albeit I was intrigued enough by the bizarre obsession of Duncan's, to continue on with the book.. kinda like being unable to turn away from a crazy person on the street corner shouting out randomness that you really should make your way past them as quickly as possible, but are just unable to stop staring. This particular situation in real life can end disastrously and even dangerously, but fortunately in a book there are two outcomes.. a waste of a few ours or a pleasant surprise. I'm happy to report, for me anyway, it was the latter... by page 174 of 406, I was still reading.. and smiling.<br /><br />Now having completed JULIET, NAKED through blurry tear filled eyes (laughing tears) I found Hornby's writing to be truly artful, giving the reader sympathy and even respect and understanding for a character (Duncan) that in another book might only be seen as egotistical, pathetic and sad. Annie was enduring, likable and relatable.  I enjoyed the cultural differences, stereotypes and point of views between American and British, but ageing raw ex-rockstar Tucker Crowe was my cherry on top. This novel is warm, hysterically funny and thought provoking; as Hornby draws you into the lives, relationships, self-evaluation and regrets of three very different people, all at a kind of cross roads in their lives. Very well done, the music references are excellent.. I highly recommend JULIET, NAKED and plan to check out more of Hornby's work.<br /><br />Hmm.. a wittier, more modern and much more exposed and entertaining Sleepless in Seattle with a rock'n roll edge?.. yes?.. no?.. well maybe, maybe not, but very entertaining nun the less; with enough similarities in the general plot to bring the movie to mind anyhow.ining nun the less; with enough similarities in the general plot to bring the movie to mind anyhow.
B0036TGSIK|4.0|Easy A (2009) Starring Emma Stone, Penn Badgley, Amanda Bynes, Stanley Tucci, Patricia Clarkson, Lisa Kudrow, Thomas Hayden Church and Aly Michalkla.<br /><br />Easy A centers in beautiful, sunny Ojai, California. Among them is a smart, witty and under-the-radar teen Olive (Emma Stone) reminiscent of Veronica Sawyer from Heathers (1988) [&lt;---CLASSIC, watch if you haven't!) is dissatisfied with her boring life of listening to her promiscuous, outspoken friend Rhiannon (Aly Michalka), and one day decides to out-do her; unfortunately Christian-fanatic Marianne (Amanda Bynes) heard, and tells everyone about her \\"indiscretions\\". Deciding to embrace the rumor, the movie takes a teen spin on the classic novel \\"The Scarlett Letter\\" like Clueless did \\"Emma\\" by Jane Austin.<br /><br />It was critically acclaimed, however not as groundbreaking as \\"Mean Girls\\", however touches on \\"the secret life of the American teenager\\", without the ABC-family crap. Teens need to know about sex, and demonizing it only leads to teenage angst and promiscuity.<br /><br />Rated PG-13<br /><br />My Rating: 12+<br /><br />It's raunchy and has some pretty sexually charged scenes and some brief coarse language, but nothing offensive in my opinion. No worse than \\"Sixteen Candles\\" or \\"Pretty in Pink\\" (PG and PG-13 respectively) in content.
B004CLYKLI|5.0|the immigrant experience is always amazing and heartbreaking. the battle of assimilation and faith in culture is never ending.     as a 2nd generation born US citizen, i always wonder how, when the time comes, i will raise kids without losing cultural identity.     amy chua brilliantly captures the struggle.
B002ZG976U|4.0|Burlesque (2010) Starring Christina Aguilera, Cher, Stanley Tucci, Kristen Bell, Alan Cumming, Eric Dane, Cam Gigandent and Peter Gallagher.<br /><br />A small town talent becomes unearthed after she visits a burlesque ran by Tess (Cher), a woman on her last ditch effort to save her club, her witty assistant (Stanley Tucci), and a jealous dancer who eyes the competition (Kristen Bell).<br /><br />I was excited about the picture, and I wasn't a Cher fan until I saw this. How could I not be allured by a movie that offers everything a burlesque show does; amazing numbers, songs and dances, raunchy humor, and sexually humorous numbers. I'm not a pervert, I'm a gay man who does appreciate the beauty in women.<br /><br />I have to give Burlesque some definite complements; it flows well, the music is great, all the characters were written well and likable, and the cast was superb. I believe that Cher should have won the Oscar for \\"You Haven't Seen the Last of Me\\". But we all know they're rigged.<br /><br />Christina Aguilera does not disappoint with her amazing vocal talents. And surprised me for her acting debut on the big screen. I can see her being an actress/singer now; she was believable, owned the lines, did not just remember them, she preformed.<br /><br />All the numbers are as memorable as Chicago's with Renee and Catherine; though the story wasn't as strong. Some could complain the love interest in the movie was cheesy and predictable, but honestly, all rom-coms are and any romantic romance. Only TV has people seriously thinking \\"will ____ and ____ get together?\\"<br /><br />Overall; highly recommended. Go see it if you haven't and you might hate it if you have an unreasonable vendetta against Cher, Xtina, or burlesque.<br /><br />Rated PG-13; Running time 119 minutes (1 Hr 59 mins)<br /><br />My rating: 15+<br /><br />There is lots of sexually provocative sex routines, risque humor, 1 clear f-word, 2 under-the-breathe, and some intense scenes. If your 12 year old wants to see it, I don't think it's a problem, I just feel like this has an adult theme to it, and really should be PG under my opinion, because I go by the Canadian ratings mostly.s an adult theme to it, and really should be PG under my opinion, because I go by the Canadian ratings mostly.
B004FGMV0W|2.0|The thing that I have always loved about Avril Lavigne is her ability to balance the rock with the powerful ballads..an element present on all her releases. ''Everything Back But You'' offset by ''When You're Gone''. ''Freak Out'' and its complement ''Nobody's Home''. She seemed to take pride in this sort of style, and as a result, all of her output has been of terrific quality. Until now.<br />Apart from ''What the Hell'', which is Classic Avril, the rest of this disc sounds like the acoustic guitars were brought out around a fire one night, and later strings and over production were added.There's nothing wrong with that, but the songs really aren't that good. The electric guitars seemed to have been left at home when she went into the studio. Allowing for a divorce and other personal issues, oen can understand the ''mellowing out'', and perhaps wanting to ''move on'', in her mind. She has described this release as being more ''organic''...is this another word  for mellow? Even her unplugged Live at the Roxy sounded great, acoustic versions of older tunes. The sad thing is, we have to wait another 4 years or so for her next release. Avril, please, get back to rocking on the next one.
0321701763|4.0|The book does teach you the basic functions of Photoshop; however, the number of exercises per chapter/lesson is about the bare minimum.  I find myself having to go back to the same page over and over to do something, rather than really learn it by doing it more than once with the lesson.  Other than that, you could pretty much use this book for an online class.
0316098337|3.0|I checked this book out at the library because of the great reviews.  After the first couple of chapters I had to recheck the reviews to see why this book was so popular, but then I read the spoiler about the escape and I just had to keep reading to find out how she did it.  The middle part of the book was the best part - the end takes on the same drabness as the beginning.  I admit there was some creative play happening in room, but after a while the story being told through the voice of a child became annoying. And the whole part where he chewed and sucked on the mom's rotten tooth just grossed me out.  It wasn't a bad book, but I'm glad I borrowed if from the library - by the end I was ready to give it back.
B003JR1JV0|4.0|First, I'm a fan of the young Ms. Cyrus, so this will be a bit biased.<br /><br />This CD isn't so much a departure in style so mmuch as a departure in content.  There are more covers here than on her first two independants.  One of the things I've always liked about Miley is the original music she performs.  She does an excellent job on these covers, and her version of 'Every Rose Has Its Thorn' is worth the price of the entire CD.<br /><br />The DVD included in this deluxe edition is fun, but I wish there had been a video or two from THIS album.<br /><br />I would still recomend this to anyone who is even a casual fan of Miley Cyrus, just don't expect it to be a return of her Hannah Montana persona.
B000000OAC|5.0|I remember listening to this album when I was a teenager, not a care in the world, except for what I was gonna do for the weekend. Those feelings came back when I played this CD. Love this CD, I highly recommend it...
B000001GQB|5.0|Karl Bohm's Mozart recordings are among the finest available, although Deutsche Grammophon has done little to promote most of them, other than this symphony collection and a few of the serenades.<br /><br />Bohm's approach involved relaxed tempos and cleanness of line, allowing the music to breathe while maintaining its inherent lightness and joy. The Berlin Philharmonic really delivers on this set, offering exquisite beauty of sound and an unmatched technical precision.<br /><br />Despite the mid-60's sonics, this is still by far the preferred recording of these symphonies. Also check out Bohm's Eine Kleine Nachtmusik, available on DG as an import.
B002WOQFZG|1.0|This was very disappointing.  I ordered for this chest-type book set but was instead sent the regular box-type set.  I was charged over $156.00 but was sent an item that only costs $55.00.<br /><br />I tried to get the help of Amazon Customer Service, but was just told to contact the seller.  I am still trying to negotiate the return of the item with the seller, which is a bit hard since the item, although yet unopened is already in the Philippines.<br /><br />I wish that you have a type of protection and assistance in cases like this.  Your customers deserve to be protected from such incidents since we are giving you our trust when we order from you.
B002BFBAWO|3.0|\\"Adventureland\\" is about summer jobs and finding your way in today's world.  The recent economic downturn is featured in family cut-backs and youth downsizing their dreams.  The main character is James Brennan (Jesse Eisenberg) who is somewhat shocked and disappointed when his father loses his job.  He had plans to go on a European vacation he dreamed of, and also plans to move to New York and go to a good college and make something of his life.  He has to take a poorly paying summer job at a local amusement park.  The movie has character studies of the amusement park workers and the dynamics.  They all share the same dopey job, wearing special T-shirts (\\"Games\\" or \\"Rides\\").  There are some laughs in the dead-end jobs, and actually some preparation excercises for the real world.  The future of these kids did not seem that great, and a sad feeling came over me as I realized how many college-educated kids are out there looking for scarce well-paying jobs.  These kids just got high on weed or denial about futures.  The film is upbeat, but an underlying dread permeates this comedy/drama.  Boredom and no good-paying job opportunities are there for them and their parents.  The kids are touching and a bit of hope and love comes through at the end, but I look at the current financial mess the country is in and feel sorry for the characters.<br /><br />\\"Adventureland\\" is a film focused on youth, and made for them.  It is also an interesting peek into the changing times and the 21st Century youth culture for the empathetic older viewer.
B001EN71CW|5.0|When I watch Firefly, it literally brings me to another world, to their world. I feel as I am part of the crew. The movie has great action, humor, and love. The characters' stories pull you in and make you want to know more.<br /><br />Unfortunately they ended this show prematurely. I have watched the movie Serenity which helps tie up the loose ends of where the show left off, but still I miss these characters!
B000MXPE7O|2.0|\\"The Good Shepherd\\" seems to refer to the CIA, as a Christ-like agency that watches over his sheep.  Matt Damon plays a CIA agent, with flashbacks of his life.  Most of the action is set in the 1960's, however, the film hops back and forth in time.  The first flashback is his father's suicide and him hiding the suicide note, taking the blame for accidently killing his father.  He did not want his mother to know his father took his own life.  The movie meanders through his life and loves, with little emotional punch or interest.  After watching about thirty minutes, you realize it is not a thriller, or even very interesting.  The whole movie runs about three hours and is just boring, complicated and amazing that a man can go through life with his mouth shut, yet realizing you cannot \\"erase\\" mistakes, and mistakes can be big.  Top-rate actors like Damon, DeNiro, Jolie, and many others promise a epic film, but somehow there is no interesing hook.  The ending shows Matt reading his father's suicide note, as he kept and hid it for decades.  Even that ending was not satisfying.  The movie wants to relay a deep and important story, but it can't find the keynote to make this leap.
B001KOFH2G|5.0|This is a great movie for both of those who watched or did not watch the series. I watched the entire series and my husband did not watch a single episode. I think I enjoyed the movie more because I missed the characters and was so glad to see them on the screen again! The depth of understanding the storyline is deeper with me as well. My husband enjoyed the movie, but he does not have the same connection to the characters like I did.<br /><br />The movie has great action scenes and tons of humor. Very fun to watch! Watching the movie makes me want to go back and rewatch the series again.<br /><br />And it's nice to finally know what happened with River's story. I hope they will bring the series back or make a sequel to this movie!!
B0049P1ZZQ|3.0|\\"The Walking Dead: The Complete First Season\\"  is probably one of the most ambitious horror series made specifically for television.  The notion of cannibalistic zombies roaming mindlessly with only one instinct -- to eat the living -- seems way beyond taboo for the small screen.  But AMC took it on and the show premiered, appropriately, on Halloween night, 2010.    County Sheriff Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) awakens from a coma utterly alone in a post-apocalyptic zombie world.  The world he knows is gone.  The series, based on Robert Kirkman's successful, popular comic book series, tells the story of the weeks and months that follow the apocalypse.   All six episodes are contained in this two-disc set.    On the plus side, \\"The Walking Dead\\" is graphic and doesn't cut away from the more gruesome scenes.  Fans of zombie flicks will appreciate that.  Special effects are outstanding, from the zombies' ghastly make-up to sequences in which the zombies feast on their victims.  The acting, overall, is good, particularly from Andrew Lincoln as the sheriff, Jon Bernthal as Deputy Shane Walsh, and Jeffrey DeMunn as retired widower Dale.    The downside is that, after the first episode, there are long stretches of talk, talk, talk, with little zombie footage.  We get a lot of background on the eight main characters, maybe more than we really care about.  It's the zombies that are the primary attraction.  When they do appear, they're creepy, scary, and make for exciting moments.    Bonus features are generous.  In addition to a making-of featurette, there is a behind-the-scenes look at the zombie make-up, \\"A Sneak Peek With Robert Kirkman,\\" conversation with the producers, trailer, and six mini-featurettes featuring assorted cast members.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|The REAL # 1 Movie of the YEAR!!!!    A TRUE Testament of This Generations Online Social Experience!!!    Awesome!!!
B004FQKY5Q|5.0|After the scatter-shot Have A Nice Day album (1999) and the competent-but-flat Room Service album (2001), most of Charm School recaptures all that is good about Roxette. The album mixes guitars and synths, power pop and power ballads and perhaps most importantly, the voices of Per Gessle and Marie Fredriksson. In fact, for me, this is the most welcome part of the album. Most of the songs prominently feature BOTH Per and Marie on vocals, a mix not seen since their first album, Pearls Of Passion (1986).    Overall, the songs are excellent. Particularly the ballads \\"No One Makes It On Her Own\\" and \\"In My Own Way.\\" Unlike the 80's FM radio bombast of \\"Listen To Your Heart,\\" these tracks never go over-the-top and allow Marie to showcase her voice. Her vocals are somewhat fragile now (no surprise after her well-publicized battle against a brain tumor and the fact that she's in her 50's now). Rather than try to cover this up in the production, they embrace it and as a result, her vocals are authentic, powerful and more poignant than ever.     More highlights come from the duets \\"Speak To Me\\" and \\"Only When I Dream.\\" These songs best capture Per and Marie's vision of an \\"updated, classic Roxette sound\\"--each sounds like it was plucked from the Look Sharp! (1988) era, yet each feels fresh and modern. The opener, \\"Way Out\\" and the lead single, \\"She's Got Nothing On (But The Radio)\\" are as addictive and anthemic as anything Roxette has ever done. Meanwhile, the love-it-or-hate-it (I love it!) early 80's analog synth romp \\"Big Black Cadillac\\" is just too much fun to ignore.    Nitpicking, it is only the end of this album that falls short of excellent. \\"After All\\" is a good song, but is such a Beatles pastiche it doesn't seem to have much in common with Roxette or the rest of the album. \\"Happy On The Outside\\" and \\"Sitting On Top Of The World\\" are very good songs, but being similar in tempo and atmosphere to each other, Charm School suffers slightly from the \\"too many album closers\\" syndrome that afflicted the benchmark album Crash! Boom! Bang! (1994). Still, these are minor complaints given the strength of the songs and album as a whole.    I can't recommend Charm School enough. Set aside the expectations you may have of what Roxette is or what a Roxette album should sound like and give Charm School a listen. At times it will feel like old Roxette and a few other times it will feel like something different altogether--and that's almost entirely a good thing.    - - - - - - - - - -  RELEASE NOTES:    The Deluxe 2-CD edition of Charm School includes a live CD recorded in 2010. It's well worth the few extra dollars to get this disc. It's basically a \\"greatest hits live\\" collection, but you'll also find Roxette is a true rock band when performing live so the songs feel different. They're raw, energetic and sometimes arranged differently. For instance, \\"7Twenty7\\" is reborn as a garage band jam and \\"Church Of Your Heart\\" is now a folksy, acoustic set closer. Even \\"Wish I Could Fly\\" and \\"Silver Blue\\" (b-side of \\"The Look\\" single) enjoy new life here--the former bluesier than its album version and the latter slower and less \\"pop\\" than its studio recording.    The LP release of Charm School includes a slightly longer version of \\"No One Makes It On Her Own\\" and a slower recording of \\"Speak To Me.\\"
B0000AQS0F|1.0|DVDs have some kind of problem as only 1 would play. Would love to watch as I enjoyed the series when on TV. Too bad....
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This book was very different from the last two. I couldn't help but be bored almost, when I was reading this till I got about half way through. Which is VERY different then the last books which kept you hanging on at every page. Now while it did have a slow start it did have a strong ending, and I can say I'm satisfied with the way things turned out. I think for trilogy purposes everyone who has read the other two should read mockingjay. It's upsetting that I have now read all the books, because they were just so addicting I craved more, however I'm looking forward to the movie that their making, release date of march 23,2012 :)
1591843790|5.0|I have read and reviewed all of Guy Kawasaki's previous books. This book's title caught my eye because it suggests - and as it turned out, correctly - that its material and Kawasaki's presentation of it would be significantly different from, for example, Reality Check (2008). In that book, he focuses almost entirely on how to outsmart, outmanage, and outmarket one's competition. Would he now explain how to outenchant them also?<br /><br />Indeed he does, and brilliantly, as always. The title of each of Chapters 2-12 begins with a \\"How to\\" and then in the text Kawasaki explains how to achieve likeability (Chapter 2), trustworthiness (3), prepare (4), launch (5), overcome resistance (6), make enchantment endure (7), use push technology (8), use pull technology (9), enchant your employees (10), enchant your boss (11), and resist [unethical and/or inappropriate] enchantment (12). Once again, Kawasaki - the pragmatic idealist and empirical visionary with an abundance of street smarts -- is determined to explain what works, what doesn't, and why.<br /><br />As he explains, enchantment can occur anywhere and \\"causes a voluntary change of hearts and minds and therefore actions. It is more than manipulating people to help you get your way. Enchantment transforms situations and relationships. It converts hostility into civility. It reshapes civility into affinity. It changes skeptics and cynics into believers.\\"<br /><br />When enchanted, we transcend whatever the given circumstances may be, conveyed by emotions back through  time (via fond memories) and/or conveyed by the same emotions into the future (via joyful anticipation and fantasy). The enchanter could be anyone or anything that casts a spell (albeit temporary) that protects us from fear, doubt, distress, and even grief. Kawasaki suggests that we need enchantment most when aspiring to lofty, idealistic goals as well as when making especially difficult decisions, overcoming entrenched habits, defying a crowd, or proceeding despite delayed or nonexistent feedback.<br /><br />As indicated, he alerts his reader in Chapter 12 to beware of \\"charmers\\" whose purposes are self-serving, often unethical, and sometimes illegal. Their resources include temptation, deception, evasion, and ambiguity. \\"Not everyone is an ethical enchanter, and even ethical enchanters can convince you to do something that's not in your best interest.\\" That's a key point. Kawasaki advises his reader to avoid tempting situations, to look beyond immediate gratification, to beware of \\"pseudo salience\\" (e.g. \\"they say\\"), not to fall for \\"the example of one\\" (i.e. believing that a compelling example is the rule rather than the exception or aberration), to defy the crowd (e.g. resist social acceptance defined by a \\"crowd mentality\\"), and to track previous decisions (ask \\"What happened when I [or someone else] did it before?\\").  Kawasaki recommends creating a checklist and offers an example on Page 181.<br /><br />Readers will appreciate the provision of \\"My Personal Story\\" vignettes throughout the narrative. In each, someone in a situation with with most readers can identify shares personal experience relevant to the given chapter's subject. Kawasaki is wise as well as shrewd to anchor his insights strategically in a human context.<br /><br />Most of what Kawasaki has written about in previous books focuses primarily on issues of greatest importance to organizational success and how individuals can help to achieve it. Long ago, Oscar Wilde observed, \\"Be yourself. Everyone else is taken.\\" In this book, Kawasaki focuses almost entirely on explaining how almost anyone can increase personal fulfillment through ethical application of an \\"art\\" whose power can change others' hearts, minds, and actions and (key point) do so in their best interests. In this context, the enchanter is a servant leader as Robert Greenleaf defines the term, an authentic leader as Bill George defines the term, and a results-driven leader as Guy Kawasaki defines the term.<br /><br />If asked to recommend one book that should be read by anyone now preparing for a business career or who has only recently embarked on one, I would suggest two: Reality Check and Enchantment.one book that should be read by anyone now preparing for a business career or who has only recently embarked on one, I would suggest two: Reality Check and Enchantment.
B003O86FMW|5.0|This is one of those books that you just can't put down, and for that I tell you it is just amazing. Following the first book, this book brings an equally as exciting, adventurous, and mysterious plot.This book is a must read if you enjoyed reading The Hunger Games. I would also like to mention that this book is well suited for people of ALL ages. Another excellent feature of these books is that they contain an array of emotions. On one page you could be feeling sad after what you've just read, on another you could feel extremely happy, or giddy, or have a sense of grief. This book is truly a work of art and I would strongly recommend it for anyone looking for a good read.
1591843790|5.0|This is a business book for people who really want practical advice on how to become a better, more successful, happier business person.<br /><br />Unlike many business books, it's neither a relentlessly detailed case study that wears you out trying to absorb lots of detail that may or may not be relevant to your industry and organization, nor a light'n'fluffy \\"how I inspire everyone around me with platitudes\\" book. Instead, Guy Kawasaki focuses on practical advice on how to sell your \\"cause\\" and how to be someone people want to do business with--how to be \\"enchanting\\" to customers, investors, employees. He's a former jeweler who joined Apple in 1983, when he got an early demo of the first Macintosh and was, in his chosen word, enchanted. He uses his own experience and well-chosen anecdotes from others to flesh out his message and illustrate the practical application of his advice.<br /><br />The ten-cent version of that advice, after \\"have a product, service, or cause that's really worthwhile,\\" can be summed up as: 1. Be likable. 2. Be trustworthy. 3. Be a mensch. Some of the specifics: Smile--a real smile, that moves the eye muscles and not just your lips. Approach people you meet with a goal of helping them first. Tell the truth. Don't shade it to downplay perceived weakness of your position. Instead, address those weaknesses and find a way to meet the real needs of the person you're dealing with. Do that, and you can make a loyal customer for life, not just one sale. Deliver bad news first--because the people you want to work for or do business with want to know the bad news so they can deal with it effectively. Someone who only wants good news is someone to be avoided, in business and in life.<br /><br />Much of this book is applicable to almost any setting, including, as he points out in a few comments, marriage and parenting. The last third of the book is focused more specifically on working inside a corporate or organizational structure, on how to  be a good employee and how to be a good boss. There's a short and helpful section dealing particularly with managing volunteers in a non-profit setting.<br /><br />All of which covers the basics of the book, but doesn't capture the experience of reading it. Enchantment really is enchanting to read, enjoyable, enlightening, surprisingly practical, and a book you won't want to put aside until you're finished.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />I received a free copy of Enchantment for review, from the author.a good boss. There's a short and helpful section dealing particularly with managing volunteers in a non-profit setting.    All of which covers the basics of the book, but doesn't capture the experience of reading it. Enchantment really is enchanting to read, enjoyable, enlightening, surprisingly practical, and a book you won't want to put aside until you're finished.    Highly recommended.    I received a free copy of Enchantment for review, from the author.
B001A50716|5.0|This film is a hidden gem from a great director!  This Chinese import is really good quality - it seems even better than whatever version I rented from Netflix.  The screenplay is genius.  It has Johnny Depp and Vincent Gallo.  How can you go wrong?
0525951652|3.0|I've ready every book that Ken Follett has published.  I have been a huge fan of his works (some better than others.....Pillars of the Earth in my opinion is his masterpiece).  One of the many aspects that I like about Ken is his ability to do deep research about a place, a country, a region, and pieces of big and small historical facts, etc., and then weave those accurately into the storyline.  I've travelled around the World many times over and whenever he describes a town, or a village, or a piece of historical information about a place I've travelled to and have learned about on my own, it always impressess me how those sometimes very small tid-bits that wouldn't matter to most people, do impress me because I've been there.  Not many authors can do that, or can do that well.  He does.  So much the richer that contributes to the overall piece of work.     However.........and this is a huge however..........this book became tedious in regards to the unnecessary facts and figures about World War I.  Way too much information that did nothing to support the characters or story line.  It was like reading a history book, and not a very good history book!  I'm really dissapointed, although I will continue to finish out the trilogy once they are published because I do enjoy his character development and his uncanny ability to get us connected to them.  I'm always curious about what happened or will happen next to them.  And because I'm a huge fan and he's hopefully read some of the lower rated reviews (I hope), he'll tone down the history lessons a few notches in the last two books and make them pertinent like he has in the past.    Grade C minus Ken.  Try harder.  Do better work!
0470876417|5.0|Recin recib el libro, slo he ledo los primeros captulos, hasta el momento el desarrollo del libro es muy dinmico, muy interesante, tal vez no tenga una graaaaannn profundidad terica, pero si es muy prctico. Lo que me interesa mucho resaltar es que el libro en s es una maravilla, no se si recuerden en secundaria o preparatoria de algn libro que era diferente a los dems, que tan slo por el hecho de explorarlo te haca traerlo de un lado a otro (sin importar si era de matemticas o literatura), bueno, pues este libro es as, gran informacin plasmada en un formato sumamente atractivo.
B00475AYJQ|4.0|I love Patrick Rothfuss. He is an amazing person and a fantastic writer. His blog makes me laugh so hard I cry. So I really hate to give this less than 5 stars. The writing itself is superb. And Kvothe learns many valuable lessons throughout the story, which I hope readers picked up on as well. Overall the book felt like an interlude, like the Empire Strikes Back. I think we are gearing up for some amazing twists and turns.<br /><br />The feel is quieter. Kvothe is learning to listen, still seeking the truth.<br /><br />It was somewhere around page 750 of The Wise Mans Fear that I finally put my finger on what was missing for me...... EMOTION. The first book made me laugh, and honestly cry a few times. You FELT what Kvothe experienced. That was sorely lacking in book 2 until the last 150 pages where Kvothe... well to keep it spoiler free, meets up with a trouper caravan.<br /><br />Throughout the book I found I was most interested in the present, at the bar. Which I believe is where Pat is intending to take us?<br /><br />It will be a while, and I am willing to wait for the next installment of the life of Kvothe the Bloodless.
B002QKZLZ6|5.0|I purchased this for use with my Plantronics Voyager Pro Plus, and it works great.  I have no complaints, it is a good case.
159448385X|5.0|i was crying while i read the book, and after finishing the book...i still think about the story all the time...can't move on!!!!
B004DI7HZ6|4.0|I got this book and wasn't sure of how I'd like it. After a little while of reading it, I couldn't put it down! Although I've never read the Harry Potter or Twilight series books, I'd like to think that this book is along those lines for adults. I've never ventured into this literary genre, but I was pleasantly surprised. You will not be sorry if you purchase this book. I have it 4 stars because I felt that towards the end of the book, the whole tone changed and became almost comedic, which seemed to me to be somewhat of a drastic shift. Nonetheless, \\"A Discovery of Witches\\" was an awesome read; definitely a page-turner.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|More people need to listen to this stuff that first emanated out of these guys basement in Akron Ohio.  Just goes to show you can't mass manufacture the good stuff.   Dan and Patrick keep it up, we're listening.
B0043RSJ8G|1.0|not worth the time  i have read all jodi picoults books and loved them all always look forward to the newest. this was very boring very hard to get into she repeats same thing ver and over
B0001907DA|4.0|OVER ALL I WAS VERY SATISFIED. I WAS INFORMED WITH THE MAILING INFORMATON. THE DVDS WERE IN GOOD SHAPE. THE ONLY COMPLAINT I HAVE IS THE BOXES WERE WARN LIKE A CHILD HAD BEEN CHEWING ON THEM. BUT THE DVDS ARE WHAT MATTERED NOT THE CONTAINERS. OVER ALL THIS WAS A PRETTY GOOD DEAL AND I WOULD DO BUSINESS AGAIN WITH THEM.
B004EXLDFU|5.0|This episode is my personal favorite of the entire series. It has everything that makes Fringe such an awesome show. The mythology, the science, the drama, the romance (Peter and Olivia...not Peter and Fauxlivia.) This episode showcases Olivia's abilities and her deep rooted goodness as she struggles to get home and escape the alternate universe. It also shows the humanity in characters like Broyles (on both sides) while contrasting with the utter lack of compassion shown in Walternate, Brandonate, and Fauxlivia and they also find a way to bring Fauxlivia home. This episode has so much packed into 44 minutes, yet there is no problem following the storyline. It also has an awesome intro that is exclusive to this episode so far. Highly recommended!
B002N57KG2|5.0|THEY INFORMED ME OF THE SHIPMENT...AND IT WAS FAST SERVICE. THE PRODUCT COME IN THE CONDITION THEY SAID. VERY SATISFIED WITH THIS. WOULD ORDER AGAIN AND RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE.
B00095NX9G|3.0|This DVD set deserves the rave reviews for the yoga and drills, but the 2nd DVD with the choreography and whatnot definitely leaves something to be desired.  One previous reviewer was spot-on...the music was AWFUL.  I couldn't decide if it sounded more like polka music or a mariachi band.  My husband walked in the room and asked me if I was listening to a mexican tuba or something.  It was THAT bad.  It's funny, because during the choreography demo sections, after each combo she puts it to music, and the first two times she does it, she does it to actual GOOD belly dance music.  Why can't the entire routine be to the good stuff?  Who knows.  The first routine (the evil mexican polka) is also quite complicated to learn.  I was really looking for some great choreography and probably could have done well with this, but I just can't get past the music enough to learn the routine itself.  Seriously.  Rachel is awesome, and so fluid and graceful...but dang, next time she needs to pick some better music!  :)
B00127RAJY|4.0|Good work out, don't suggest if you have knee problems
B002ZG9846|5.0|Don't think that Kick Ass is some kid's movie or a comedy.  It's actually a great flick all around.  Surprisingly, it's now one of my favorite movies.
B000S88JTS|4.0|Whole family enjoyed
B002ZG980U|2.0|*** This review may contain spoilers ***<br /><br />Before Leonardo DiCaprio agreed to play the lead part in 'Inception', he spent months with Christopher Nolan trying to improve the script. It was at DiCaprio's insistence that the part he was playing, Cobb, the corporate dream extractor, had to have a more beefed up internal arc. Otherwise, Inception would turn out to be another shallow, action adventure thriller. Despite Cobb's triumph over his internal demons (particularly the way in which he expunges his dead wife, who has been haunting him in his subconscious), Inception is much more an exploration of the mechanics of dreaming than a chronicle of emotional catharsis.<br /><br />At the basic level, Inception can be divided into four distinct parts: Intro, Exposition, Journey and Resolution. The Intro consists of the initial scene, a flashback where Cobb must save his employer, a sleazy Japanese businessman, Saito, now far advanced in years, who has been stuck in a limbo-like purgatory for decades, unaware that he was mortally wounded in someone else's dream. It's a nice, little compact scene where we see a near-dead Cobb, washed up on a beach and dragged into Saito's fortress compound. A gun is left on the table in front of Saito and we're trying to figure out whether Saito is going to kill Cobb or himself.<br /><br />Cut to the next scene where Cobb and his associate are involved in a trying to extract information from a much younger Saito inside one of his dreams, as they all sleep on a bullet train somewhere in Japan. Apparently, Saito was expecting the dream extractors and informs them that this is their 'audition'; the extractors' 'architect', the guy in charge of designing the dreamworld, somehow lets things get out of control when a mob of men invade the room where they're all staying, and Saito later has his thugs toss the architect off the roof of a heliport. Despite the botched job, Saito is impressed that Cobb and his partner are able to move through different 'levels' in the dreamworld. Cobb's 'audition' could have been compressed into one or two minutes but Nolan insists on illustrating every aspect of his convoluted plot. We finally arrive at the film's inciting incident: Saito's proposal to Cobb that he enter the dream world of his business rival, Fischer, and plant a suggestion in his subconscious, leading to the dissolution of the rival's entire business empire. 'Inception' is the reverse of what Cobb and his team have been trained to do--extracting information and Cobb has doubts about successfully carrying out Saito's proposal. But when Saito promises to pull some strings, enabling Cobb to return to the United States, despite murder charges hanging over his head, Cobb can't resist jumping at the chance to see his two children again.<br /><br />The next part of 'Inception', the 'exposition', takes about an hour. This is where Cobb assembles his new carefully selected \\"Mission Impossible\\" superstar team who will penetrate Fischer's mind and plant the suggestion to break up his dying father's business empire. Nolan's explanation of the mechanics of the dreamworld is so complicated, that he has Cobb explain it to his new architect, a naive graduate student who manages to acquit herself rather well despite facing major obstacles inside multiple dreamworlds. Nolan manages to violate a major tenet of screen writing technique: Show don't tell. Unfortunately, during these expository sequences, there's a lot more 'tell' than 'show'. Yes, there is a rather neat scene (reminiscent of an M. C. Escher illustration), where one Paris landscape folds on top of another but most of the visuals are much more mundane: for example, a speeding locomotive appears out of nowhere during a car chase on a Paris street.<br /><br />Much has been written about the 'journey' aspect of 'Inception'. Critics seem to be impressed by the three dreamworlds the 'dream team' penetrates, coupled with the way in which they're able to return to reality--the so-called 'kicks', where a huge sound or explosion propels them through the different levels back up to the surface. Nolan, however, serves up some of the dullest and derivative landscapes that our 'heroes' must navigate through--in fact, these so-called dreams don't look like dreams at all. Take Level 1--just a typical shoot em up with faceless bad guys chasing the 'good guys'. As for level 2--I felt I was watching a parody of Space Odyssey, with our dreamers floating through a hotel without the benefit of gravity. Finally, I have heard 'Level 3', compared to 'Ice Station Zebra', the schlocky 60s action film set in the Arctic.<br /><br />Inception's Resolution is as unsatisfying as the earlier parts of the film. What are we to make of Cobb? Just because he has made this deal with Saito and it enables him to see his children, does not mitigate the fact that the whole plan to literally change Fischer's mind, is reprehensible. After all, shouldn't have Cobb walked away when Saito had his men murder the first architect? Cobb, by and large, remains a tainted and unsympathetic character, precisely because he looks the other way when he's quite aware that Saito has committed murder.<br /><br />We're also told (by Saito) that the breakup of Fischer's empire is a good thing but should we take his word for it? He's a thug and Nolan has provided us nothing to go on to evaluate the nature of the Fischer empire. Finally, why does Fischer cry at his father's deathbed? He's just learned that his father put his mother in a mental institution so shouldn't he be angry? Or are those tears of joy so that he can be now 'his own man'?<br /><br />The bulk of 'Inception' is merely a pastiche of mediocre action adventure espionage thrillers dating back to the 60s when the genre was in full bloom. The long-winded 'B' story, Cobb's tortured machinations in trying to literally kick his dead wife out of his subconscious mind, merely serves to distract us from the hollowness of the overall plot.huge sound or explosion propels them through the different levels back up to the surface. Nolan, however, serves up some of the dullest and derivative landscapes that our 'heroes' must navigate through--in fact, these so-called dreams don't look like dreams at all. Take Level 1--just a typical shoot em up with faceless bad guys chasing the 'good guys'. As for level 2--I felt I was watching a parody of Space Odyssey, with our dreamers floating through a hotel without the benefit of gravity. Finally, I have heard 'Level 3', compared to 'Ice Station Zebra', the schlocky 60s action film set in the Arctic.    Inception's Resolution is as unsatisfying as the earlier parts of the film. What are we to make of Cobb? Just because he has made this deal with Saito and it enables him to see his children, does not mitigate the fact that the whole plan to literally change Fischer's mind, is reprehensible. After all, shouldn't have Cobb walked away when Saito had his men murder the first architect? Cobb, by and large, remains a tainted and unsympathetic character, precisely because he looks the other way when he's quite aware that Saito has committed murder.    We're also told (by Saito) that the breakup of Fischer's empire is a good thing but should we take his word for it? He's a thug and Nolan has provided us nothing to go on to evaluate the nature of the Fischer empire. Finally, why does Fischer cry at his father's deathbed? He's just learned that his father put his mother in a mental institution so shouldn't he be angry? Or are those tears of joy so that he can be now 'his own man'?    The bulk of 'Inception' is merely a pastiche of mediocre action adventure espionage thrillers dating back to the 60s when the genre was in full bloom. The long-winded 'B' story, Cobb's tortured machinations in trying to literally kick his dead wife out of his subconscious mind, merely serves to distract us from the hollowness of the overall plot.
0439023513|3.0|For perspective: I thought the first book was brilliant, the second not quite as good but still very good.<br /><br />This one is okay but nowhere near the first two. Some action sequences toward the back half of the book simply fall flat and I had to endure them rather than enjoy them. It's tough to write such scenes and make them \\"believable enough\\", and the author doesn't manage it here; everything feels contrived and strange. By the end of the story, though, the book recovers, and it was worth sticking with it to the end.<br /><br />Some reviewers have gone off on \\"anti-war propaganda\\" and various other weird accusations. I didn't pick any of that up. For the most part the characters pretty much were themselves.
B00080ZG1A|5.0|This DVD is an excellent example of how DVD's can enhance viewing a film. The first DVD is the film itself in full-screen. Some people prefer the widescreen but I'll take full-screen anyday. I'm not too crazy about the black spaces above and below the film.  The film is long about 2 1/2 hours and I watched it in two separate times to split up the time.     The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio as the legendary aviator, business tycoon, rebel Howard Hughes from the 1920 to 1940s with a first rate cast and director. Cate Blanchett earned her Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as the legendary actress, Katharine Hepburn, who much like Howard broke the rules of their time. Other cast members feature Kate Beckinsale (Ava Gardner), Gwen Stefani (Jean Harlow), Jude Law (Erroll Flynn), Alec Baldwin (Juan Trippe), Sir Ian Holm (Professor Fritz), and Alan Alda (Senator Brewster). I can't forget John C. Reilly who played his right-hand man from the beginning to the end. The film story has some minor problems. Why does Jude Law get billing when he's only in one scene but that's the studio's problem.     This film was a labor of love for Leonardo Dicaprio who had a personal interest in Howard Hughes. This film was directed by his friend and legend, Martin Scorsese. The story of Howard Hughes is worth telling even if you can't do it all in one movie. Howard Hughes was a deeply complicated genius but haunted by his demons. Scorsese doesn't shy away from Hughes' inflictions and focuses on how troubled he could be.    Anyway, the film is first rate especially with Alec Baldwin and Alan Alda in their supporting roles. I was deeply impressed with the quality and attention to detail.    The second disc includes the basic features like the cast and crew having a lovefest of words. I was impressed with the use of History's Modern Marvel's episode featuring Howard Hughes included upon the second disk. It's worth noting that if the film is too provacative or controversial for it's audience. The second disc is worth using to help explain aviation history and Howard Hughes' role in it.     I'll never forget when I was in Las Vegas and our tour guide stated that three men helped develop the gambling mecca and Howard Hughes was one of them. The other two were Bugsy Siegal and Steve Wynn.
193413712X|3.0|When I first read that a book I'd never heard of, by an author I'd never heard of, had won last year's Pulitzer Prize, I said \\"Really?  This book won the prize?\\"  After reading Tinkers by Paul Harding, my reaction was exactly the same; \\"Really?  This book won the prize?\\"  Don't get me wrong; Harding can write, but while this book is filled with beautiful language, it has absolutely no plot and no energy.  I found myself struggling to stay awake after reading just two or three pages because the book was so flat and lifeless.  It's supposed to be the final thoughts of a dying man as he reflects on his life, but the narrative is mostly about his father, a door-to-door salesman back in the horse and buggy days.  A story about this profession, and this time period, might have been interesting, but instead the book is only a series of short flashbacks and flowery descriptions of common things.  I almost felt like I was reading an epic poem, because the plot was so threadbare and the characters so undeveloped.  I'd like to see what Harding does in the future, but Tinkers left me disappointed.
1591843790|5.0|I've had the pleasure of reading all of Guy's books over the years.  I especially enjoyed \\"The Art of the Start\\" and \\"Reality Check\\" since they are a powerful combination of pragmatic advice and inspirational stories.<br /><br />But Guy's latest book, \\"Enchantment\\", has raised the bar yet again on what's my favorite business book.  This is a book that will motivate entrepreneurs as well as people from all walks of like (profit and non-profit alike).  Guy covers a wide range of proven ways to enchant others to your cause (and even warns you what to watch out for if you're being unknowingly enchanted by the next Hitler wanna be).<br /><br />I'd strongly recommend \\"Enchantment\\" to anyone you know who's passionate about something they believe in and want to get others to join their cause.  If you're a bit disenchanted about the state of the world today (and who isn't?), reading \\"Enchantment\\" will give you hope to believe in a better tomorrow empowered by passionate leaders of worthwhile causes and businesses.
1591843790|5.0|First I felt, not another book about being passionate. Because it was Guy Kawasaki I decided to give it a try.<br /><br />Guy's passion for enchantment comes through his book. I felt enchanted reading it. He lays out his principles, tells you how to do it then gives you examples. He also has another person write their experience at the end of each chapter.<br /><br />Yes, it was about passion - but it did teach me ways to express it to produce results in ways I didn't know.<br /><br />Read it, you will enjoy it.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|They say you can't shine $#!+ but not this time.  The longwinded, shallow dead horse that Terry Goodkind spent 800 pages beating is a perfect example of fantasy in its lowest form.  I don't know how they managed it but they took a terrible sophomoric book a created an simply awesome show.  Easily the best example of a fantasy tv series ever.  Oh and thank GOD there's no GD Mud People in the show!  My god what a stupid group of characters!
B0046UGSNS|2.0|I did not care for the movie. I don't like sex scenes. I think they are unnecessary to tell the story. I like Julianne Moore. There are lesbian scenes in case someone is squeamish. The story of the kids finding their sperm donor is very good twist.
B0043RSJ8G|5.0|Jodi Picoult has done it again, and written the best book I have read this year. If you are a Jodi Picoult fan you will love this book, if you are not a fan after reading this book you will be. Like all her books the story has been researched amazingly, and deals with an emotional charged subject applicable to right now. I literally stayed up all night to finish this book, so be ware once you start you won't want to put the book down.  Well done Jodi for consistently writing amazing books.
B004P02OJ6|5.0|I love this movie. It has lots of suspense. It is sad that the boy loses his mom. It's so heartbreaking to see the boy become so angry with his mom.
B00394A4UK|5.0|I thought it was a great book. It started a little slow and I wasn't sure what was happening at some points in the book and had to go back and reread a little bit of it. But overall I loved it. It had a great plot about a marshal going to the island with a partner he just met in order to find a missing woman. As the story progresses you also start to find out about the marshals wife. The story jumps back and forth between the two different times, the island and time with his wife. The story has a twist end which can be figured out by about three quarters of the way through but still a really good story line and well worth the read.
B004FQKY5Q|1.0|Having been a die-hard fan since 1988 and owner of all Roxette's albums as well as solo efforts, I looked forward to their first album in 9 years. How disappointed I am that this album contains not one memorable tune. While Per and Marie still sound great, the songs lack any creative spark evident in all their other albums. The songs and lyrics are quite a glum affair. So lacking in confidence of their new release, Roxette included a live album to goose sales for this album that is dead on arrival. I predict this will be Roxette's last album. The Joyride, sadly, is over!
030726999X|5.0|I kind of went out of order and read this book first. It wasn't hard at all to follow the story having not read the other to. Larsson writes with a great deal of explanation, which is good and bad. The book is just 40pages shot of 600 so it is a quite a long read, but it's a great one. The story starts with what I assume was were the second left off with Salander being shot and Blomfist being arrested. It continues with all the characters either trying to prove Salander innocent or the other side trying to prove her guilty. It is a great story I was so captivated by it and can't wait to read the first two books. If your not a fan of bad language or some violence it is the book for you however if the occasional bad word or violent scene then I would definitely say read this book even if you haven't read the first two, you won't be confused reading this.
0783227434|5.0|Love it, Classic.  \\"Shop Smart!  Shop S-Mart\\".  Zombies, demons the works.  Bruce Campbell is awesome in this one.  Even if you're not a fan of the first two movies, Evil Dead 1 and 2, this one is unique and can stand on its own.
1594202842|1.0|There is no such a thing as \\"THE Chinese mother/parenting style.\\"  Chua should only speak for herself, instead of describing herself as a representative of \\"the Chinese mother,\\" and belittling the equally non-existent \\"Western parent.\\"  There are many different parenting styles in China, just as there are many different parenting styles in America.  I shudder to think that people take this strange style of parenting of Chua's as being typical of Chinese mothers. Many Chinese mothers I know are gentle and indulgent to their children; and I must say that strict parents and insensitive, cruel and frightening mothers (like Chua) exist in any culture, any time. It is high time for people to stop stereotyping based on a very superficial understanding of a culture.
B000QCS8TW|3.0|I am writing this from the vantage point of having completed the third book in this series.  Although the writer held my interest through all three, it was emotionally grueling as time and time again, any character you grew to care about is killed off (usually in full, gory detail.)  Realism is one thing - good people don't always win - but is the opposite true?  Only the shallow, coniving, and murderous have a prayer in a Martin novel?  By the time I got halfway through the third book in this series there was almost no one I cared about left.  I forged ahead only because of that faint glimmer of hope that one of the characters I hated would get their comeuppance.  Reviews for the fourth book indicate this trend continues, but gets worse, and now the fifth book is being offered for presale for this summer 2011.  I rarely do this once I have started with an author, but I am abandoning ship.  It almost seems this is a consistent writing device: Step A - Make the reader really care about a character; Step 2: Kill them off; Step 3: Repeat.  I feel abused.
B000UZ4G8M|2.0|I love love love grey's anatomy, but was so dissapointed with the music selection for the soundtrack. There are select songs that are top choices but overall, very poor. The music is more upbeat than I think is representative of the show. Songs from my favorite moments were not on the soundtrack, it felt more like an attempt to place unknown artists out there. Whoever the music director was for this needs to get a new job. If you are a greys anatomy fan, this isn't worth the money.
B000HEVZ6W|5.0|This is an amazing movie with a very interesting view of our future that I could see coming true to a certain extent. Watching it again years after it was made, the movie still holds up (though the computer screens are funny). The acting is superb, yet at times very sedated to match the world, with explosions of emotion from Ethan Hawke. The movie draws you in, and the ending touches your heart. Everyone should take two hours out of their day and watch this film.
B004132HZS|5.0|This is a great series for old and new fans alike.  The creators clearly adore the source material and have done everything they can to update it faithfully.  And the leads do a fantastic job, particularly Cumberbatch, who walks a fine line, somehow being charismatic while still being a pretty cold and ruthless intellectual.  The pacing is compelling, the dialogue is witty and the plots are engaging.  I thoroughly enjoyed every minute.  My only complaint is that there were only three episodes.
B004DF3S7A|3.0|The Best of Great American Songbook is enjoyable but not \\"Great\\" since I prefer Rod Stewart standards.  Nice that he's branched out but it's  too commercial for my taste.
B004FGMV0W|3.0|For an older guy like me, Avril Lavigne's first two albums were the ultimate guilty pleasure; I couldn't resist her infectious brand of rock despite her youth and the average age of her fans.      While I didn't much care for the direction of 2007's The Best Damn Thing, I still recognized her undeniable talent and remained hopeful her music would mature as she grew older.    Goodbye Lullaby is quite different from her previous releases, mainly from the standpoint that most of the musical rock edginess and looseness is no longer present.  This is a collection of simple & repetitive, mid tempo, light pop songs.  You'll hear a lot of strings and electronic percussion, familiar pop rock chord progressions and melodies, and thankfully a minimum amount of crazy special effects.  If you were hoping for more upbeat, catchy pop hits like \\"What The Hell\\", you're basically out of luck.  Don't get me wrong, there are hooks all over this album.  But the songs seem to lack power, and it certainly doesn't help that there are no distorted guitars to be heard.    While the majority of tracks are very similar, a few do stand out.  It's hard to not get excited listening to \\"Push\\", a song that really pushes Avril's vocal range, and good luck getting the chorus of \\"Wish You Were Here\\" out of your head after you've heard it a couple of times.  Its triple-trifecta of hook phrases (\\"Damn, damn, damn\\", \\"here, here, here\\" and \\"near, near, near\\") is the finest example of crafty pop songwriting on the album.  \\"Not Enough\\" includes real drums, good dynamics and edge, easily making it my personal favorite.  \\"Remember When\\" and \\"Goodbye\\" are respectable ballads, containing perhaps the two finest vocal performances from Avril on the record.  \\"Remember When\\" builds in intensity and is wonderfully melodic, and the excellent falsetto on \\"Goodbye\\" is something I haven't heard from her before.    A different approach to production would have helped this record, and Avril Lavigne is capable of much better.  But overall, this is still an album I believe most fans will enjoy.
B002RVAOQ0|5.0|I really like this movie, although didn't noticed the difference betwen the director's cut and the thretical version. So any way, liked the movie.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|As promised
1591843790|4.0|Guy Kawasaki's latest book is one for every leader. I've read two of his others - the Macintosh Way, and Reality Check.           There is just so much that is applicable from Guy's latest book to the context of the church. From Why Enchantment? To building Trustworthiness to making enchantment work in a variety of contexts of employees, volunteers, and the use of technology.          The personal stories at the end of each chapter - read as if Sermon illustrations. You see real people telling real stories on how change is possible. In the Church, we need to have people telling their stories of how God's Story (that of Jesus) impacts them.          I just finished reading this book and still have to let it sink it. I think it should be discussed among fellow church leader groups on how a Church (with the most important message in the World) can impact and be enchanting to a World that so desperately needs Jesus.          Church leaders make decisions all the time. The checklist at the end of Guy's book is a good guideline on to choose your battles wisely. \\"If I waited a year would I make this same decision?\\" Seems some battles we have in church politics become more styles rather than on biblical foundations.           Enchantment is released everywhere tomorrow. I had to chance to get a free preview copy.  Consider picking up your copy today.
1591843790|5.0|What's the secret of Apple's success? They enchant people.<br /><br />If you want to get a taste of this book, watch Kawasaki's recent speech at Stanford:<br />[...]<br /><br />Among other things, he explains why you should avoid Botox treatments if you want to enchant people.<br /><br />I love the part where he skewers the idea of mission statements: \\"you should be able to explain your product in two or three words.  Think mantra, not mission statement.\\"  One of his funniest bits is when he's describing how mission statements are created, usually during a 2-day off-site with 50 top employees at a place with a world-class golf course and a meeting facilitator named Moonbeam who's also a Lamaze instructor (\\"the reason you have a meeting facilitator is because no one on your executive staff can lead.\\")<br /><br />I love it that he devotes a chapter to enchanting your employees, not just the people you want to sell your product to.  \\"If you provide your employees with the opportunity to master skills, the autonomy to work independently, and the chance to realize a positive purpose, you can enchant employees.\\"  Obviously this has worked for Apple.<br /><br />In another chapter he explains how to use Twitter and Facebook to enchant people.<br /><br />He warns about telling \\"noble lies\\" to enchant people.  \\"The slope is slippery when the big picture or the greater good seems to justify the means. There is no such thing, however, as a 'noble lie.' There are lies and truths -- and nothing in between.\\"<br /><br />And I like this quote he uses from Oscar Wilde: \\"Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.\\" Kawasaki teaches you how to become one of the former.
1591843790|5.0|What does it mean to enchant someone? In short: to fill her with delight. While persuasion and influence can be employed for evil, Guy tells me that his goal in writing Enchantment was to provide people the tools necessary to persuade and influence people for good. For this reason, he puts a heavy emphasis on the absolute necessity of having an enchanting cause at the root of any enchanting company, organization, or movement.<br /><br />In the book, Guy writes: \\"In a perfect world, you are so enchanting that your cause doesn't matter, and your cause is so enchanting that you don't matter. My goal is to help you achieve both.\\"<br /><br />Guy's book is literally full of tips and tricks for how to convince people to join your cause, whether it's a rock band or a software startup. From how to make a glowing first impression to how to make a captivating PowerPoint presentation, Guy's advice has you covered from beginning to end and everything in between. The real power of the book, however, lays in its underlying philosophy: that winning people over is about doing great things and treating people with respect. While many other books out there can give you advice on how to use give a good handshake or get your boss to like you, Enchantment is a comprehensive resource on how to enchant through all types of mediums, contexts, and relationships for the greater good of the world.<br /><br />I highly recommend Enchantment for anyone who stands for something he believes in and wants to know how he can get other people to stand with him.
B0042LJTQO|5.0|During a relatively short span in the 80's, Alfred Brendel recorded these works by Schubert, some of the finest ever done.<br /><br />At the end of 2010 Mr. Brendel retired from the stage (sadly) and will be surely missed by the music world in live performance.<br /><br />Philips seems to have disappeared, and now Decca is reissuing previous releases from the past, and also new never issued recordings.<br /><br />This particular one, Brendel's \\"tribute\\" or \\"salute\\" to Schubert (if you will) is a blockbuster and in turn can be viewed as a \\"salute\\" by Decca to Mr. Brendel in itself. Of high value it is sure to be appreciated and loved by all his many fans (both previous and those to come) and it, along with Radu Lupu's and Andras Schiff's recordings of Schubert's masterpieces belong in everyone's collection (surely). These three musicians, for me, embody what the piano and Schubert were all about. All three artists hold the architectural line of these great works and yet give sway to a warmth and introspective dimensions yet never become saccharin to those feelings/interpretations. Kempff was also a great interpreter of Schubert, but I find the sound lacking on these older recordings and am wondering if a remastering by DG might lead to an improvement.<br /><br />Regardless, this set at the crazy \\"give away\\" price that Decca is asking for it is an absolute steal, and you should not hesitate to grab this up before it is either gone or they change their mind on how much it is worth asking for price wise.<br /><br />Having had many of these recordings on lp's years ago, this striking little \\"red, white, and blue\\" box is especially welcome back into my collection and is nestled in with the Lupu, Schiff, and Kempff recordings quite comfortably!<br /><br />Additionally, may I draw your attention also to a few other recent releases that I also consider part of this awesome \\"Salute\\" to Alfred Brendel by the folks at Decca. [[ASIN:B0043UOQ26 Beethoven: Complete Piano Sonatas & Concertos]],  [[ASIN:B002QJ5170 Farewell Concerts]],  [[ASIN:B0014I7J88 The Artist's Collection: Alfred Brendel [Box Set]]],  [[ASIN:B0047A87OU Birthday Tribute]].  Each and every one of these releases are \\"front row center\\" worthy of being on your shelves.<br /><br />You are sure to enjoy this Awesome boxed release of Brendel's Schubert!<br /><br />~operabruinerts]],  [[ASIN:B0014I7J88 The Artist's Collection: Alfred Brendel [Box Set]]],  [[ASIN:B0047A87OU Birthday Tribute]].  Each and every one of these releases are \\"front row center\\" worthy of being on your shelves.    You are sure to enjoy this Awesome boxed release of Brendel's Schubert!    ~operabruin
B00475AYJQ|5.0|As some other reviewers have stated, it was worth the wait.  I enjoyed the twists and turns that began in The Name of the Wind and continued spiralling through Day Two.  I will admit in the first few chapters it seemed to lurch along a little for me but I found myself swept up into Kvothe's life and didn't want the book to end.  Please, Please, Please Patrick! Hurry up with Day Three.  I can't wait another year or two! :)
B004G5ZXVQ|4.0|3.5 stars<br />Lets start this review with three basic facts about R.E.M that if accepted will make us all feel much more content and happier.<br /><br />1. Bill Berry left REM some time ago.<br />2. The band have already recorded their best albums and with \\"Murmur\\" and \\"Automatic for the people\\" behind them they will never make better music.<br />3. Some of their albums since Berry's departure have not been very good and in particular \\"Around the Sun\\" could be used for Frisbee practice.<br /><br />Thus we have REMs 15th album \\"Collapse into now\\" which Mike Mills has trailed with the enticing hint that \\"It makes sense as a whole the same way that Automatic For The People did.\\" And yet it has already been denounced by some critics as a sure sign of a band \\"stranded between somewhere between pointlessness and real inspiration\\" (John Harris in Q Mag). So let's ignore the verbal's and judge the songs and see where that takes us. As a starting point after listening to the first four songs it's hard to disagree with Mill's sentiments since they amount to one of the finest opening sets to a REM album in many a long year. The blazing \\"Discoverer\\" is a truly excellent rock song full of great chunking Peter Buck chords and with Stipe spitting out the opening lines \\"Hey baby/This is not a challenge/It just means that I don't love you as much as I always said I did\\". Next up is the ferocious attack of \\"All the best\\" with its great centerpiece line \\"lets show the kids how to do it fine\\"; it is followed by \\"Uberlin\\" which does echo \\"Drive\\" and taps into that instantly recognizable classic REM sound harking back to the \\"Reckoning\\" era sound and is a lovely lament and a great Stipe vocal. The New Orleans floods and Hurricane Katrina provide the backdrop to the superb single \\"Oh my heart\\" a waltz like song which henceforth should be made the recovering cities unofficial national anthem.<br /><br />So a good start which is followed by a more variable mid section. The melodic \\"It happened today\\" with Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder providing backing vocals is fine if a bit repetitive. \\"Everyday is yours to win\\" and \\"Walk it back\\" are again old style REM ballads and the beauty of latter in particular grows on every listen. Its from here however that faults begin to emerge the most obvious being that you become increasingly aware of the appalling Jacknife Lee production that is so \\"in your face\\" with every instrument pumped up to Spinal Tap Volume 11 it often destroys any hint of subtlety or nuance. In addition there are couple of songs here which Buck should have insisted that Stipe keep them for an album of B Sides of rarities not least the rather silly duet with Peaches \\"Alligator, Avaitor, Autopliot, Antimatter\\" and the REM by numbers approach set out in \\"Mine smell like honey\\". Stipe also needs to end his never-ending quest to find the distant relative of the \\"End of the world as we know it and I feel fine\\" and \\"That someone is you\\" again falls into this category.<br /><br />REM do have a track record of leaving their best songs until last and who can forget the brilliant trio of Man on the moon, Nightswimming and Find the river on \\"Automatic\\" While \\"Me, Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando and I\\" and \\"Blue\\" are not in that league but they are a strong conclusion to the album. The first is one of those aching ballads which Stipe nails proving that on his day he remains a great songwriter and it is one of his best songs since \\"I'll take the rain\\" \\"Blue' alternatively is hewn from the same rock which carved out \\"Country Feedback\\" the penultimate song on \\"Out of Time\\". The latter is one of my favourite REM songs and like it \\"Blue\\" has one of those spoken Stipe lyrics over distorted guitar with Stipe's enlisting again the help of his great friend Patti Smith to provide a charismatic vocal accompaniment. The song fades out by reprising the riffs of opener \\"Discoverer\\", not before Stipe however announces, \\"that this is my time and I am thrilled to be alive\\". On the evidence of the bulk of this album it's a sentiment that can be endorsed by all good music fans.entiment that can be endorsed by all good music fans.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|[[VIDEOID:49aa65ed21a3fa3a55537130b377d7d3]] This is a review for the Sony MDR 7506 Studio Monitor Headphones...
B004DI7HZ6|1.0|I began this book expecting to love it, but within the first few chapters I was a little worried. By the time I was a third of the way through, it felt like I knew every single meal that Diana and Matthew had eaten, but no idea what was really going on or why I should care.    Usually I can read a book in a couple of hours, but it took me more than two weeks to finish this book. I have never dreaded reading something before now. The first half dragged along with too much detail, nothing happening... I'm all for intelligent books, but I also like them to be interesting, fun and exciting. Things have to happen, but this was just boring. I ended up forcing myself to fly through the last half, only to find that it ends abruptly right when things might be getting interesting.    While a dull book could have been forgiven, the characters were flat as well. Diana certainly told the reader (and every character in the book) that she loved Matthew, but I certainly never felt it. I never understood why, I was never captivated by the romance. I didn't like Matthew and couldn't understand why Diana did. He wasn't sexy to me, he wasn't interesting, and while I actually did find the science and history explanations quite fascinating, I bought this to read a romance.    I will not be reading the next book in this series. I paid a couple cents extra to have the Kindle version instead of the hardback, so now I feel a little cheated by that as well. At least if I'd bought the hardback, I could resell it and get some of my money back, or give it away. Now I've paid more for something I can't use and can't get any value out of.
1552095258|1.0|The book was a major dissapointment for me anyway. Lots of innuendo with not much in the way of measurements or facts . The authors approach is to reduce a huge block of wood to volumes of sawdust/shavings . Thus producing a paddle . It wasnt worth the money or the time to read it.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|The movie is great.  It's a fun, exciting sci-fi spectacular that's a must watch for any Firefly fan yet still accessible to those that have never seen the TV show.  The distinct western feel, interesting dialect, and the quirks of the characters sets this apart from many other contemporary sci-fi movies.    If you already own the original Serenity DVD there isn't much point in getting this Collector's Edition DVD.  The packaging is nice and there are some extras, but the extras aren't momentous enough to justify purchasing the movie again if you already own it.  On the other hand if you don't already own Serenity then you might as well dish out the couple bucks extra and get this over the original DVD.
0451216725|4.0|An excellent gripping story about a man wakes up in a train station to find he has lost his memory.  The journey as he pieces together his past is well written and an enjoyable easy read.
037582913X|5.0|This book is hard to find in stores but is, imho, one of the best children's books ever written.  I remember laughing like crazy when we read it when I was a kid, and it's now part of my standard baby shower gift.  Children love the interaction with Grover and it's a book that adults don't hate reading aloud a million times.  You just can't go wrong with this one!
B004H2ZFPW|5.0|I never thought the old Avril I used to love will come back. After The Best Damn Thing, I was worried. I'm clearly wrong though in this CD. There is still traces of The Best Damn Thing in this album (Smile and What the Hell), but the rest of the album has a mix of old Avril flavor and some of a completely new Avril. My favorites in this album is Remember When, Not Enough, 4Real, Smile, and Stop Standing There. The rest of the album is great as well though, but those are the ones that struck me as the best! I am excited to be an Avril fan again!
159420229X|5.0|Being a memory athlete myself and having competed in a number of memory competitions, I can honestly say that \\"Moonwalking With Einstein\\" does a tremendous job of representing the sport and doing it justice. Joshua Foer's writing style is fluid and easy to read; I probably read the book in two or three sittings. Foer writes with a clever wit and successfully avoids writing one of those boring self-help books about \\"how to improve your memory in a month!\\" I never thought this book would actually be released, but it did, and it's awesome! Highly recommended!
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|I didn't watch this show during it's short television season.  I didn't think I'd like a show about zombies.  But I work at a video store, and I'd been hearing great reviews, so when we got the preview DVD before next week's release, I took it home.    This is not a show about zombies.  This is a show about people, and about how they deal individually after their world ends.  It's well-written, well-acted, and incredibly realistic and riveting.    If you love character-driven television or movies, get this, and get ready for hours of GREAT television.
1594202842|4.0|Let me say that I didn't want to read this book. Back when it came out, I read the horribly mistitled Wall Street Journal excerpt from the book, a bunch of articles about the book, and a number of the reviews here on Amazon. Thus I was heartily tired of hearing about it when I saw a copy at a local bookstore. Still, I thought I'd see what the fuss was about and read a few pages. Next thing I knew it was two hours later and I had read pretty much the entire thing; at that point, I decided to just buy the book and finish it.    So, before saying anything else, it's a good read. It's engrossing and well-written. There are bits of laugh-out-loud deadpan humor sprinkled throughout. The tone is conversational and easygoing and you'll be done with the book before you know it. If a book is supposed to be readable and provocative, this certainly fits the bill.    Unfortunately, I think much of the opinion about this book was prejudiced by the Wall Street Journal excerpt, which described the book as a manifesto about the superiority of Chinese parenting over contemporary American parenting. This understandably irritated both Chinese American parents who didn't think of her methods as representative of all Chinese, and non Asian American parents who took exception to the idea that they were doing an inferior job. But the book really isn't like that at all, as even one glance at the subtitle would suggest. In reality, it is a memoir about how Chua's own attempts to raise her daughters in the \\"Chinese\\" way (in which she was raised herself) succeeded and failed. I would also add that Chua has more self-awareness than the Journal excerpt showed--she clearly knows that she went overboard on a few occasions.    It isn't hard to tell that Chua has mixed feelings about her experience at the end. She still clearly believes that it is a parent's job to demand high expectations and hard work, and to constantly work to help a child achieve, even against that child's will. She still thinksthat childhood is more about preparing for adulthood than enjoying youth and finding oneself. But given her eventual armistice with her rebellious second daughter, her admiration for her comparatively lax mother-in-law, and the cautionary tale about her own father's fallout with his parents, it's clear she also has misgivings. When Chua uses descriptions like \\"freedom, spontaneity, and discovery\\" (or something close to that) to describe Western parenting, one can tell that there's some appreciation for its virtues as well.    In the end, there isn't a clean conclusion--if anything, the book ends with her and her family unsure of what the right conclusions are. Treat this book as a sometimes lighthearted family story, and not a thesis, and you'll probably enjoy yourself.
B001CGJ3QS|5.0|Excellent recording. Just what you'd expect frpm D. G. Too bad they had to rearrange the order slightly to fit the CDs. Kempff is more than up to the task.
B0049OSQ18|5.0|A record of staggering beauty, the most consistently delightful work of the Decemberists so far.  It is also an album, as opposed to a collection of singles.  \\"June Hymn\\" is a work of significant poetry, and perhaps the finest song of the past few years.  Astounding stuff.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I needed a smaller, lightweight back pack that would handle my Canon 60D, Zoom, flash, Fong Diffuser, laptop, spare drives, batteries and both photo and computer accessories for a 10 day European trip....BINGO!<br /><br />The bag is so inexpensive it is almost disposable yet it was comfortable to wear on extensive hikes both in the field and through airports. It stuffs easily under an economy seat and on the shelf in Business First.<br /><br />Although there is no dedicated computer sleeve, the outside pocket easily accommodated my 11.6\\" notebook and I had easy access to all my travel accessories, during the flight.<br /><br />Pros: inexpensive, compact and well made.<br />Cons: Not constructed for on-going pro use.
B0007QJ1MK|4.0|I was a Kyuss fan from back when and had the previous QOTSA album Songs For The Deaf, so I got this. I always thought of this album as the lesser of the two, but the more I hear it I think it's just as good. It's not really \\"metal\\" heavy, but there's a heaviness to it, some slow churning rock. I suppose that's why they're tossed into the stoner rock genre alot. They kind of epitomize it. The lone hit here \\"Little Sister\\" is actually one of my least fave songs. I wont go through the other tracks here, they are all mostly good. The title fits this record well.
B000SJJCX4|4.0|Every Guitarist needs a good tuner! and everyone knows Boss makes some of the best products. The fact is tho I really cant afford to spend 90-100usd for a tuner! When I received this unit I decided first thing I was going to do was to compare it to my other hand held chromatic tuners. They all work the same. Using this pedal I am able to obtain the same results, that's good enough for me. Activating the tuner takes a little over 2-3 seconds, but that's fine since I usually tune within breaks and you hardly need to tune especially when you have a good guitar/tuning pegs.
B004G5ZXVQ|4.0|REM's latest CD \\"Collapse Into Now\\" is filled with charming melodic ballads interspersed with the odd rocker. Very relaxed and free flowing, and easily one of their most accessible releases in a bit.<br /><br />Opening is the buzzing/chiming rocker \\"Discoverer\\" which is vintage REM, followed by the thumping \\"All The Best\\" with sawing guitars which finds Michael Stipe singing \\"\\"I'll give it one more time, I'll show the kids how to do it fine, fine, fine.\\" Keeping the tempo up are the Punk-ish \\"Mine Smell Like Honey\\", the urgent \\"Alligator Aviator Autopilot Antimatter\\" (featuring Peaches and Lenny Kaye), and the bouncy sunny pair of \\"It Happened Today\\" (with Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder and Joel Gibb of the Hidden Cameras on backing vocals, and a nice wordless break) and the brief \\"That Someone Is You\\".<br /><br />We have nice jangly pieces that sound like the soundtrack to some Spagetti Western movie, songs like \\"&Uuml;berlin\\", \\"Oh My heart\\", \\"Me, Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando and I\\", and the narrative-filled experimental \\"Blue\\" (with guest vocals by Patti Smith), all absolutely spectacular. \\"Every Day Is Yours To Win\\" is a gorgeous acoustic ballad, while the mournful \\"Walk It Back\\" features downbeat tremulous vocals by Stipe. \\"Collapse Into Now\\" shows heart and warmth, even when the lyrics remain oblique and cryptic. A real winner!
0375826726|5.0|I ordered this book for my husband who loved the first two books.  He thoroughly enjoyed this one and is anxious for the next one in the series.
B0007LGCA4|1.0|Have gone through 2 long return processes, as the Sandals coming first from Shoe Structures, and then returned due to the color being a dark GREEN. Then talking to you guys and trying to figure out the problem so as to order another pair the right color. The pair turned out to be the right pair but a wrong dye color (GREEN). The reason this was known was the soles of the Sandals I bought were solid black and didn't have a strip of colored sole between the foot and the black sole. My Newport Leather Bison were the only sandals with a solid black sole, thereby concluding that it was a dye problem coming out of Keen Sandals that way, and Keens quality control allowing a big shipment of the wrong color sandals go out. The second pair I ordered was from Backcountry and the same problem occurred as they were dark GREEN again and another long wait as they went back UPS ground and taking 2 weeks each time for the money to go back on the .com Card account. Thats the other problem as I couldn't in conscience buy the right pair straight from Keen until all my refunds were in order and back on my account. It would be nice if the Sandals could have gotten right back to amazon and the credit promptly debited, but the wait is long and the process is reversed, as it speedily comes to you but slowly goes back. Now that a month later and 2 shipments of sandals returned to two different sellers I can now go to the manufacturer where I'm sure to get the right color as they allowed the wrong color to go out of their doors in the first place. Being disabled and 59 I'm trying to get used to shopping online and I'm learning it takes a lot of patience. Returns are not profitable thereby being slow, and taking the buying excitement out of picture altogether. Sincerely Jerry Johnston
1591843790|5.0|There's not much to say about this book, except that it's different from the others. Bookshelves are filled with super theoretical books promising you to become an expert just by reading those books. In the end, most of them are totally useless.    Guy's book is filled with practical tips and handy lists that allow you to see the content of a chapter at a glance. There's no need to think how to apply what's written in the book in real life because the author already tells you how, in a very direct, precise way. There's no waste of pages nor time here.     If you want to have results fast and receive very nice tips by an expert in the field, read this book. Keep it in your bag, always. You will realize how often you can apply what's written in it in your real life.    Plus, the author is one of the nicest people I know, and he deserves to be supported! Buy this book, you won't regret it.
B004HAG40O|4.0|this is decemberists and this alblm has some amazing R.E.M/folk inspired gems in it buy the whole thing its a grower. The downside being a strange almsot filler effect with a constant use of harmonica but if you need a car ride album and  happen to be in NW or South east U.S.A listen to this and take in the enviorments
1591843790|5.0|Enchantment, the Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions is Guy Kawasaki's tenth book.    Coming from the one who is practicing enchantment with any move he makes (from Apple's early days marketing, through best selling books, Garage Technology Ventures, and the popular online directory - Alltop.com) we should all listen carefully to his personal insights and the gathered experiences he has collected.  The book helps you exercise the one thing needed to succeed - making those you aim to influence - believe in you.  Guy is not only reviewing different psychological mechanisms that are necessary in any persuasive process, he gives you a set of practical tools (personal, social and technological ones) with vivid examples, in an  easy to digest, easy to implement layout.    Dr. Taly Weiss,  Social Psychologist,  Founder and Head of Research at TrendsSpotting.com
B002BSHWUU|5.0|This is truly a wonderful collection of Beatles music.  The remastered sound is incredible and really brings out the sound of the songs we all listened to in mono many years ago.
B004EQAVHI|2.0|[. . . It won or was nominated for lots of awards.]    From the moment the word \\"donations\\" was used in the trailer I predicted what this movie was about and I was right. That's okay, I like this kind of movie. I am even one of those very patient movie watchers who, in a genre I like, can tolerate a lot that others won't. Perhaps a slow moving plot. Quiet scenes. Ambiguity, etc.     However, this movie, and I don't know about the book, seemed like a patchwork of emotional moments brainstormed beforehand and then tossed in and connected in whatever way possible regardless of whether they made sense together or not. I'm afraid to put in any spoilers. But there were at least two instances where things came right out of the blue as if the author thought of them at that moment, when if they were that important, they would have been mentioned earlier in the story as the characters would have been thinking about them earlier. Really, there seemed to be several things like that.     Perhaps in the book everything is handled better and the filmmakers really screwed it up. So my recommendation is read the book first. If it turns out to be a great story, then see the film. You'll know what's going on and can fill in from the book the smooth transitions and foreshadowings that were missing from the film.
B000V86OKG|1.0|I don't know how else to report this because I bought it as a gift a while ago and the return policy has expired.  But the person that I bought this set for just got to the last disc of the season and found that two disc threes were packed in the set.  Now she cannot watch the season finale because there is no disc four.  Just a word of advise, check all of the discs as soon as you get it.
B004G5ZXVQ|5.0|R.E.M. earned their status as a legendary band long ago.  With albums like \\"Out of Time\\" and \\"Automatic for the People\\" defining the direction of music in the early `90s, thanks to the tracks \\"Losing My Religion\\" and \\"Everybody Hurts\\" among others, R.E.M. left a mark easily deserving of an induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which they received in 2007.  However, ever since drummer Bill Berry left the band in 1997, their music has been less inspiring.  Sure, tracks like \\"Daysleeper\\" and \\"Imitation of Life\\" have shown glimpses of their past magic, but the albums as a whole have lacked the \\"Drive\\" of their past material.<br /><br />In 2008, R.E.M. displayed the first signs of a comeback with their album \\"Accelerate.\\"  Although still not quite on the same level as their earliest albums, \\"Accelerate\\" breathed new life into a band many thought had long ago passed their prime.  Suddenly fans were once again excited at the possibilities to come, making \\"Collapse Into Now\\" one of the most anticipated records of the year.<br /><br />Opening with \\"Discoverer,\\" R.E.M. picks up with the same energy heard throughout \\"Accelerate.\\"  Complete with an audience participation-encouraging chant of \\"discoverer\\" during the chorus and a deep kick drum insistently pushing the song forward, R.E.M. proves they still know how to create a crowd-pleasing rock song.<br /><br />Although \\"Discoverer\\" completely fades out at the end and the album even inserts a moment of silence, \\"All The Best\\" could almost be mistaken as a reprise of the opening track before the song is given a chance to take its own unique form.  Instead of the same crowd chants heard on \\"Discoverer,\\" R.E.M. uses the chorus to hint at their influences on countless bands over the years.  \\"Let's give it one more time,\\" sings Michael Stipe, \\"let's show the kids how to do it fine, fine, fine.\\"  As the song draws to a close, Stipe acknowledges some frustration at the critics who said R.E.M. was past their prime and had overstayed their welcome, but promises fans \\"now it's time to get on with the best of the best.\\"  For the remainder of \\"Collapse Into Now,\\" that's exactly what he and the rest of R.E.M. do.<br /><br />Although \\"Accelerate\\" was a successful second coming of R.E.M., where \\"Collapse Into Now\\" truly shines is in its blend of old and new styles.  The first glaring example comes on \\"Uberlin,\\" which has familiar aspects to \\"Drive\\" off of \\"Automatic for the People.\\"  The mood is lighter and the echo on the vocals is less pronounced on \\"Uberlin,\\" but the guitar tone is almost identical and the opening, echo-laden \\"hey now\\" will quickly take fans back to the frequently repeated \\"hey kids\\" heard throughout \\"Drive.\\"  Peter Buck's mandolin playing also makes a welcome comeback on \\"Oh My Heart\\" and \\"It Happened Today,\\" further acknowledging the sounds of their successful past, but never using them as a safety blanket.<br /><br />\\"Collapse Into Now\\" is R.E.M.'s best album in well over a decade; perhaps their best since \\"Automatic for the People.\\"  The ballads brilliantly balance the pounding rock anthems with Stipe's vocals providing the bond between them.  Collaborations including Eddie Vedder, Patti Smith, and Peaches are also all tastefully done, never giving the guests an overbearing artistic control; which is often a distracting issue among modern collaborations.  An album of rediscovery, R.E.M. rekindles the musical passion that was so prevalent on their early recordings.  No doubt fans will simultaneously reaffirm their love for the music.  Instead of bringing about the end of R.E.M., \\"Collapse Into Now\\" establishes a new beginning.<br /><br />Similar Artists:  The Smiths, Crash Test Dummies<br />Track Suggestion:  \\"Uberlin\\"but promises fans \\"now it's time to get on with the best of the best.\\"  For the remainder of \\"Collapse Into Now,\\" that's exactly what he and the rest of R.E.M. do.    Although \\"Accelerate\\" was a successful second coming of R.E.M., where \\"Collapse Into Now\\" truly shines is in its blend of old and new styles.  The first glaring example comes on \\"Uberlin,\\" which has familiar aspects to \\"Drive\\" off of \\"Automatic for the People.\\"  The mood is lighter and the echo on the vocals is less pronounced on \\"Uberlin,\\" but the guitar tone is almost identical and the opening, echo-laden \\"hey now\\" will quickly take fans back to the frequently repeated \\"hey kids\\" heard throughout \\"Drive.\\"  Peter Buck's mandolin playing also makes a welcome comeback on \\"Oh My Heart\\" and \\"It Happened Today,\\" further acknowledging the sounds of their successful past, but never using them as a safety blanket.    \\"Collapse Into Now\\" is R.E.M.'s best album in well over a decade; perhaps their best since \\"Automatic for the People.\\"  The ballads brilliantly balance the pounding rock anthems with Stipe's vocals providing the bond between them.  Collaborations including Eddie Vedder, Patti Smith, and Peaches are also all tastefully done, never giving the guests an overbearing artistic control; which is often a distracting issue among modern collaborations.  An album of rediscovery, R.E.M. rekindles the musical passion that was so prevalent on their early recordings.  No doubt fans will simultaneously reaffirm their love for the music.  Instead of bringing about the end of R.E.M., \\"Collapse Into Now\\" establishes a new beginning.    Similar Artists:  The Smiths, Crash Test Dummies  Track Suggestion:  \\"Uberlin\\"
B003V1YHFE|5.0|This series of films is one I've been hoping for for awhile now.  I am aware that the first two films are available here in the states but they don't have any special features to speak of.  Imagine my surprise when I was just looking things up randomly and found an entire box set, five discs, of the Lethal Weapon films available on blu ray and for a reasonable price!!!!<br /><br />Now I'm not giving plot synopsis of each film and I'm not really going to review each film with any depth.  Sorry, just don't see the point in doing so for a 24 year old franchise.  The first Lethal Weapon is an American movie classic at this point.  It's been ripped off and emulated multiple times(and unfortunately still is today). At the time of its release there wasn't a huge action movie market back in 1987.  Sure, there were action flicks, mostly starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, but most of them were real low budget and grindhouse type fare.  This had name stars and a big director(Richard Donner of Goonies, Omen and Superman the movie fame) attached.  Now this wasn't a huge budget film either.  The film only cost about seven million to make, and even back then that was peanuts.  The Lethal Weapon film had something that the other films of the time like Commando didn't have; GREAT CHARACTERS.  Characters that you believed and were interesting and ultimately you cared about one way or another.  The plot itself is ludicris and impossible.  The way the police go about their 'procedure' is very much of the 80's, but the snappy dialogue, fun action set pieces(set pieces that stand out due to them feeling urgent and possible, unlike most action films of today), and great cast chemistry made this film original.  If this film had just been a slice of life drama and not an action film then it would've still worked.  Lethal Weapon 2, while not as classic for being original as the first, just furthered the strong points of the first and arguably made a better film.  Adding a great addition in the form of Joe Pesci playing an annoying state witness named Leo Getz.  The antics with stars Glover, Gibson and Pesci are not to be missed.  Letha Weapon 3 is where the quality started dropping.  It's by no means a bad film, it's actually a really fun good one, but the routine-ness of the proceedings were starting to show through.  Joe Pesci's character has no function in the film beyond the fact that he was so popular in the last movie.  The villain is weak to boot.  The action is great and Gibson and Glover are just as endearing and watchable.  Plus, they added a legitimate love interest to the mix played by Rene Russo.  Russo and Gibson have a now classic scene of foreplay as they compare battle scars.  Lethal Weapon 4 is the low mark in the series.  I woudn't blame or argue with anyone that hated this film.  It's a more episodic film(due most likely to the film being written as they were filming, which you learn in this new set's fifth disc suppliments).  There are action scenes, tho they are awesome and expertly staged, where the main characters bicker and joke WAY TOO MUCH.  You just want them to shut up for a second so you can watch the scene play out.  It's also the most sentimental in the series as all invovled were aware of the serie's long running popularity and the fact that they knew this would probably be the last.  As with previous sequels a character is added in the form of Chris Rock(in his first major studio film) as Glover's would-be son in law. Now I like the film enough despite it's flaws.  It's still a fun flick, espeically if you're already a fan of the other films.  It has a nice sense of closure, jaw dropping action(especially a brilliant freeway chase like no other),and a great villain played by Jet Li(this being his introduction to mainstream America).  So, those are the films themselves.<br /><br />The new Import Only blu rays are AMAZING.  Totally worth picking up for any fan.  The transfers are all crisp.  This is the best the films haveever looked.  The first two films exist here in the states on blu ray but they're pitiful transfers in comparison.  Each disc ports over the blu ray features for each film(deleted/extended scenes, vintage featurettes, etc) and adds brand new commetary tracks for the first three films by director Richard Donner. I was excited by the new commentary tracks, but was a bit disappointed.  Donner is accompanied by the new set's producer and he seems more interested in watching the films then commenting on them.  Plus, he doesn't seem to remember much and often confuses scenes with other films in the series.  The producer doesn't help him much as he doesn't do much to push along the commentary.  More annoyingly, sometimes you hear Donner responding to someone in the recording booth who isn't mic'd, and he starts answering questions with no frame of mind for the audience. Can be very frustrating.  The dvd commentary for part 4 has been ported over from the 1998 dvd, and it's still a fun listen as Donner is accompanied by several members of that film's production team.<br /><br />Sorry folks but these ARE NOT THE DIRECTOR'S CUTS of the films, or as they should properly be referred to as 'the so-called director's cuts'.  Back when Lethal Weapon 4 came out Warner Home Video released director's cuts of the first three films.  They had previously deleted scenes incorporated back in(all these scenes are included on each film's disc as special features). Now while Donner didn't object he didn't personally put these scenes back into the films.  He states that the theatrical versions are his director's cuts.  The first film had the most added footage.  While at the time I was excited to see more, the film buff in me knew something was wrong.  The first film has a great deleted scene where Riggs confronts a sniper at an elementary school.  This is an exciting scene in itself but redundant when edited into the final film.  It essentially does the same job as the scene where Riggs goes undercover to buy coke at the Christmas tree lot---it shows that he's daring and prone to violence.  It's cool but doesn't do much for the final narrative.  I know some love the director's/extended cuts and would prefer them to the theatrical, but Im not one of them.  I'm happy having theatrical versions with the deleted scenes as extras.  SO DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT DIRECTOR'S CUTS.<br /><br />There's also a fifth disc with a four-part making of/retropspective documentary that runs about two hours.  It has brand new interviews with Richard Donner, Danny Glover, Mel Gibson, Chris Rock, Rene Russo, screenwriter Shane Black, producer Joel Silver, and producer Mark Canton among others.  This is the motherload right here.  It goes in deep about the production for all four films(while, like the Indiana Jones dvd set, focusing more on the first film more) and gives you every scoop you could want regardin this film series.  It's fun and informative.  My favorite moments that I can think of off the top of my head have to do with Donner admitting his own ignorance regarding the suggestion of Danny Glover being offered up by casting director Marion Dougherty for the role Roger Murtaugh.  \\"But Danny Glover is black\\", was Donner's initial response not realising right away that he could cast a black actor despite the fact that the script didn't specifically describe one.  Show the times and how they've changed.  My other favorite has to do with the long process that went behind Riggs' suicide attempt in his trailer.  Gibson wasn't ready to do so asked to have it pushed back in production schedule.  They cut the trailer set in half and carried it around with them from location to location until Gibson finally said he could pull the scene off.  And if you've seen the first film you know it was worth the wait. A truly sad and harrowing scene ever committed to any action film I've ever seen.  There's tons more of this and it's worth a view by EVERY Lethal Weapon fan. Just to hear about Shane Black's original, and much bigger, scripted ending is worth the view.  I know I'll be watching it again in the future.<br /><br />All in all this is worth the upgrade.  Great transfers.  An abundance of new and old special features.  Despite the weak first three films commentary tracks I was happy to give them a listen, tho I won't be listening to them again, this is a great set.  If you prefer the theatrical versions over the director's/extended cuts, or just don't give a crap either way then this is a total no brainer!  Buy it!  You know you want to.<br /><br />PS: I don't know of any official US release date for these films in this particular form, but I am kind of annoyed that I have to import American made films with new special features, especially a franchise this popular and influential.  I couldn't wait so I obviously had to.  Though, Warner Brothers doesn't regionally code their discs so it should play in all players.  I learned this last year when I got copies of The Goonies(another Donne classic) and Tim Burton's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory(which includes special features not even on the US dvd releases like a great Tim Burton commentary).t the Christmas tree lot---it shows that he's daring and prone to violence.  It's cool but doesn't do much for the final narrative.  I know some love the director's/extended cuts and would prefer them to the theatrical, but Im not one of them.  I'm happy having theatrical versions with the deleted scenes as extras.  SO DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT DIRECTOR'S CUTS.    There's also a fifth disc with a four-part making of/retropspective documentary that runs about two hours.  It has brand new interviews with Richard Donner, Danny Glover, Mel Gibson, Chris Rock, Rene Russo, screenwriter Shane Black, producer Joel Silver, and producer Mark Canton among others.  This is the motherload right here.  It goes in deep about the production for all four films(while, like the Indiana Jones dvd set, focusing more on the first film more) and gives you every scoop you could want regardin this film series.  It's fun and informative.  My favorite moments that I can think of off the top of my head have to do with Donner admitting his own ignorance regarding the suggestion of Danny Glover being offered up by casting director Marion Dougherty for the role Roger Murtaugh.  \\"But Danny Glover is black\\", was Donner's initial response not realising right away that he could cast a black actor despite the fact that the script didn't specifically describe one.  Show the times and how they've changed.  My other favorite has to do with the long process that went behind Riggs' suicide attempt in his trailer.  Gibson wasn't ready to do so asked to have it pushed back in production schedule.  They cut the trailer set in half and carried it around with them from location to location until Gibson finally said he could pull the scene off.  And if you've seen the first film you know it was worth the wait. A truly sad and harrowing scene ever committed to any action film I've ever seen.  There's tons more of this and it's worth a view by EVERY Lethal Weapon fan. Just to hear about Shane Black's original, and much bigger, scripted ending is worth the view.  I know I'll be watching it again in the future.    All in all this is worth the upgrade.  Great transfers.  An abundance of new and old special features.  Despite the weak first three films commentary tracks I was happy to give them a listen, tho I won't be listening to them again, this is a great set.  If you prefer the theatrical versions over the director's/extended cuts, or just don't give a crap either way then this is a total no brainer!  Buy it!  You know you want to.    PS: I don't know of any official US release date for these films in this particular form, but I am kind of annoyed that I have to import American made films with new special features, especially a franchise this popular and influential.  I couldn't wait so I obviously had to.  Though, Warner Brothers doesn't regionally code their discs so it should play in all players.  I learned this last year when I got copies of The Goonies(another Donne classic) and Tim Burton's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory(which includes special features not even on the US dvd releases like a great Tim Burton commentary).
B0034G4OWM|5.0|So, Brendan Fraser may be known for overacting a bit. Maybe a lot of overacting. While there aren't any mummies in this movie, there's a lot of slapstick humour at Brendan Fraser's expense.     If you have ever tried to sleep in a new place, and that one noise keeps you awake just as you're about to fall asleep, as if the birds are making fun of you, you'll know what Brendan Fraser is feeling.     The animals are out to get him, and I'm not going to lie, it's pretty damn funny. It's pretty over the top, the squirrels have a mousetrap like traps in the mountains, as if they're fricking Ewoks attacking SUVs.     The movie has a pretty basic \\"save the community, save the planet\\" type message, something that young kids should have no problem picking up.    And really, kids will love this movie. It doesn't just have animals, it has funny animals acting like people.   It has pranks which involve port-a-potties and skunks. This movie is comedy gold. Not only that, but certain pranks are repeated several times, so you know exactly what's going to happen again! Being sprayed by skunks once, that's funny. Being sprayed again later? Classic.     The ending of the movie even has a squadron of dive-bombing seagulls dropping white goo on the big bad CEO and his flunky, while Brendan Fraser becomes the new town hero. It's a cheesy feel-good ending, after the animals have spent most of the movie making him their pet project.     This is a good movie for a road trip, to keep the kids busy in the back seat while you head out camping. Remind them of animals and the environment before you get there, so they keep the camp clean.
0756404738|5.0|And I read roughly 30-40 books a year.    Wise Man's Fear is the long-awaited second installment in a trilogy of books by the refreshingly innovative author, Patrick Rothfuss, a relative newcomer to the fantasy genre.    Wise Man's Fear is a continuation of an epic story following the protagonist, Kvothe.  Considering the first book, Name of the Wind, was so well received, it's kind of a no-brainer that this second book is also doing well.  But it is not riding on the coattails of the previous book's success.  Oh no...Wise Man's Fear is an accomplishment in its own right.  At nearly a thousand pages, the author takes the reader once again into the world of Kvothe and continues spinning his tale of magic and destiny.      Bravo, Pat!  Wise Man's Fear is a stunning follow-up to Name of the Wind and I eagerly await book three.
B0038QL1BU|5.0|1972's Pink Moon... Drake's final & imo finest record is a transcendent & compelling journey through a very disturbed & beautiful psyche...   This LP?  Five (5) stars, & then some. Chances are, if you're reading this, you agree.  Why then must we pay the absurd price listed above?    I don't know about you, but I'm insulted.    How about a petition to print enough copies of these reissues to be available for Drake's fans at an affordable price instead of limiting the reprint editions thus keeping supply as low (and the price as hiGH) as possible?    I dunno, just an idea. You could, of course, pay upwards of $60 USD for a record. Not an original, or a rare edition from back in the day, but a reprint record for SIXTY PLUS!!?!?!  No Thanks, greedy merchant/human jackal: I'll keep searching my local record stores for that low end steal...     Ok, I'll say it: Please? Please, folks, don't pay more than $20 for a reissue LP, at the Most, k?? Please, save us all a little face & dignity? wait for a deal, you'll find one soon enough!!
0027582000|5.0|Michael Hague once again captures the images of a classic story. One of my favorite illustrators, by far. I grew up with my mother's collection of Hague illustrated books, and I will always associate his pictures with my mental image of Narnia.
B0012IWHDW|4.0|I love to get these old movies in DVD.  I would order again from this sight.  Product was in good condition.
0316098337|2.0|Encouraged by the great reviews of this book, I downloaded a sample of \\"Room\\" to my  Kindle. OMG... this book creeped me out.  There is something about the narrative that makes me cringe. I was like \\"E[...]\\" and since I am a very imaginative reader (like most readers) picturing this story in my mind was even worse.  I do not like this little kid telling this icky story.  I could not get past the way it made me feel....anyway, maybe it my loss..
B00005RHGK|5.0|This is truly a scary movie, only true horror addicts will like this one.  Full of suspense, this one will keep you on the edge of your seat guessing and screaming from the moment it starts.
B001EYGOEM|5.0|Taylor Swift is one of my favorite singers. She may not have the most incredible voice in the world, but she has quite a nice voice and she is an extremely talented songwriter. If you are a teenage girl who has had any kind of trouble with boys, no matter what the problem, there is a Taylor Swift song for it. Her songs are all completely relatable and when listening to her songs, every girl can say; \\"I have felt that way before\\" or \\"I've always wanted to say that\\". She manages to speak the feelings that many people aren't able to put into words. Listening to her music is very freeing and fun, everybody should buy her albums.  BubblesReviews.com Rating: 5 out of 5
B000059TEQ|3.0|I thought I wanted this story, but it was not as good as I remember sitting in a little theater with  my girlfriends passing the popcorn and Kleenex box back and forth!  Some things you should leave to your soft memory.
B003NHRIVQ|4.0|This movie was very sweet and heartfelt. It was also very sad, I found it to be a little too upsetting for me, but it is still a wonderful movie. It is very interesting and really draws you in. All the actors in this movie are very talented and did a wonderful job. Miley Cyrus (Ronnie) and Liam Hemsworth (Will) had amazing on-screen chemistry and were very entertaining to watch. Greg Kinnear, who plays Ronnie's father, was incredible. He could be funny or tear wrenching at just the right times, and do it perfectly. Bobby Coleman, who plays Ronnie's little brother Jonah, is adorable and very talented. He was perfect for this movie and did an amazing job with his part. So I highly recommend this movie to everyone, but be prepared to cry. :)   BubblesReviews.com Rating: 4 out of 5
0316069485|3.0|Fans of Harry Bosch are going to find this formulaic effort by the author very disappointing. The approach is to rely on characters well established in the past who are only sporadically and vaguely depicted in this offering. Build a rather uninspired story around a wrongful conviction based on DNA; flood the entire story with loads of cute and, in some cases, victimized junior-high-age girls; spend a great deal of time on courtroom machinations; throw in a gratuitous violent scene at the end that seems disconnected from all that has occurred - do all this and an unremarkable book has been produced.<br /><br />Harry Bosch is one of the coolest detectives created by an author in the last fifteen years or so. The new reader gets no flavor of his gritty, besieged past or his subtle attractiveness to females. Mickey Haller, who has a fetish for Lincoln town cars (also not stated), puts aside his usually defense attorney motif to become a special prosecutor for this case, although he has never been a particularly interesting character. But his first ex-wife, Maggie \\"McFierce\\", an assistant DA, is the sharp, appealing figure in the book. The author should have done more with her.<br /><br />Not sure if the author has another great Harry Bosch book left in him. For those who think this is a great Connelly book, go back to his first books. You will change your mind.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This movie is nothing short of incredible. The relationships and bonds that are created during the course of this story are heartwarming. This movie evokes many different emotions and it is absolutely amazing. There are tear jerking moments as well as moments that make you laugh. The Blind Side is truly touching and I recommend everyone watches this movie.  BubblesReviews.com Rating: 5 out of 5
B004DK5CYM|5.0|Great movie.  A little too much death and despair for youngsters but the horse racing scenes were over the top.
0316067938|5.0|Breaking Dawn is the last book in the Twilight series. It is an incredible book and it is the perfect ending to the series. It opens up many possibilities for the vampire/werewolf fantasy world that we have let ourselves be sucked into. This book was an amazing read and I recommend that everyone read this entire series, you will in no way be disappointed.  BubblesReviews.com Rating: 5 out of 5
B0049P1VHS|5.0|This is a zombie television series.     What sets it apart is four things. First is very high production value, this is of the same quality as the best Television has to offer and frankly surpasses next to all movies in the same genre. The second is strong character development, it allows a character build up and you get to feel and hope for the characters. The third is - It is scary like hell. Well built up tension, shock effects - everything is there and done well. If you like scary it will deliver and deliver well. The last is the plot. O.k. Zombie is zombie, but the story is plot driven and builds up. Here is shows well that it is built on solid ground, the graphic novel it is based on.     Where it is not perfect is certain nit picking things, like, well Zombies in general and survivor stupidness. All zombie stories have this weakness and this is no exception. But all zombie stories require a suspension of disbelief and this is no exception.     5 stars as it is among the best horror tv and zombie stories out there.
0380486032|3.0|I did not particularly enjoy this book. The majority of it was overly descriptive. Most of the descriptions were pointless and went on and on to the point where I truly didn't care anymore and couldn't see the author's point. About every 50 pages there was some sort of interesting turn of events that draws you in for a little while. Then the descriptions start again and you get bored. I found the book to become somewhat intriguing in the last 100 pages. But it is a 380-page book so that didn't do much for me. And the ending seemed pointless to me, but that may just be because I had lost complete interest. BubblesReviews.com Rating: 3 out of 5
B002N8A14M|1.0|Doesn't stay closed, can't plug in headphones due to bad design.  It serves no purpose.  Apparently a good case does not exist for this iPod Nono.  I just want something I can clip to my gym short waist band.  It isn't this.
0792846443|5.0|This film is based on the novel by Stephen King. It stars Kathy Bates, who does a phenomenal acting job. This movie grabs ahold of your interest and doesn't let go until the credits roll. It is shocking and thrilling and downright creepy at times. This movie is full of suspense and you will want to watch it over and over again when it ends.  BubblesReviews.com Rating: 5 out of 5
B003VPX5V2|5.0|This product was shipped from canada as it appears to not be available in the US, but the quality of the picture is great! Love this movie!
B003L77G6A|5.0|The Big Bang Theory is a very humorous yet intellectual show that is very fun to watch. The characters are absolutely hilarious. My personal favorite is Dr. Sheldon Cooper, he is the ultimate nerd and he is hilarious. All of the main characters are nerds/geeks and I love it. I would recommend that everyone watch this show. It is on CBS every Monday 9:30/8:30 central.  BubblesReviews.com Rating: 5 out of 5
B00005JMFQ|5.0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE  I HAD IT ON VHS AND GOT IT ON DVD TO TAKE TRAVLING WITH ME . I SEEN IT 1000 TIME AND STILL LOVE.
B0042U94UQ|4.0|This movie is the perfect family film. The kids, teens, and adults will all love it. It is full of laughs and is equally sweet. The plot is interesting and keeps you thoroughly entertained. There are different twists and turns throughout the movie that will have the kids hanging on the edge of their seats waiting to see what happens. The storyline and the characters in this movie are charming, sweet and hysterical. Everyone will enjoy what this movie has to offer.  BubblesReviews.com  Rating: 4 out of 5
B003JSSPSY|5.0|Bougth Season 1 and Season 2. Love the movie. Strongly recomend to anybody. Had no problems with the service, either. Thank you
B001PA0FFO|3.0|Doubt was an okay movie. Some parts were slightly tedious.Admittedly, there was perhaps one or two scenes that had a lot of strong feeling and done very well.It's one of those movies that you will watch once but you don't want to watch it over and over. It is definitely an unpredictable and unique movie and the actors did an incredible job.  BubblesReviews.com Rating: 3 out of 5
B000OZ0N4Y|1.0|The content itself is excellent -- the discussion of refactoring is absolutely great.  I would give the content itself a good four or perhaps five stars.<br /><br />Sadly, the Kindle version is broken.  The book uses example code before a refactor and after a refactor to illustrate its points, and I believe in the print version the two versions are displayed side by side.  Unfortunately, in the Kindle version this side-by-side layout is destroyed, making the comparisons useless.<br /><br />I have read over twenty Kindle editions of books on the iPhone, iPad and my desktop, and I've never felt disappointed.  Sadly, the Kindle version of \\"Refactoring\\" feels like a waste of money.
0756404738|5.0|I have to admit I did like \\"The Name of the Wind\\" better, but still it is an amazing tale and an amazing book.
B0042EJD8A|5.0|Outstanding terrifying and brilliant!  A must see if you love this country, it's wildlife and what we are doing to harm what we should be protecting.
0385342039|3.0|I enjoyed this book, however, it was rather farfetched and unrealistic. It had Kinsella's typical hint of humor and charm, but it was a little too over the top. I have enjoyed her other books far better.
1591843790|5.0|Guy Kawasaki has written a book that can be used as a guide for life. It's not just a great tool for business, it can help you to be a better parent, a better son or daughter. Enchantment can help you in every aspect of your life.  Being active in church Enchantment is providing me with the ability to better show what the Lord is doing in my life.   I am grateful for the chance to read this book. I can't recommend it more...
0312263120|5.0|Digital Fortress is a great book. I' ve read all of Dan Brown's books and it was hard to put them down to attend to other life necessities.
1439107955|5.0|Amazing read. This book provides a detailed description about how our understanding of cancer has progressed over the years. From black bile to directed gene therapy, reading this book was a awesome journey. From Halsted to Farber/Lasker to Weinberg/Varmus, this is great stuff. I could not put the book down. It tingled the right chords to keep me interested. Moreover, the meta-points about how the cancer science has advanced in general is noteworthy. The section of the book about Lasker's activism to promote chemotherapy, the struggle of others in understanding preventive measures such as anti-tobacco campaigns and their role in cancer prevention were again noteworthy.     Great read and a great book. If you are interested in knowing more about how we got here today with our understanding of cancer, then read this book today.
B004AHNIGM|4.0|With great anticipation I waited for the release of this album from one of my all time favorite singers. I have to admit that it took awhile for me to appreciate the tracks on this CD. The songs are a departure from Greg's vast catalog of solo and Allman Brothers catalog. I think the arrangements are greatly influenced by Greg's producer T-Bone Burnett. Because the arrangements are so different it took awhile but I'm loving this CD more and more with every play I give it. I still prefer Greg withing the framework of the Allamn Brothers band but this CD definitely deserves to be heard.
B002K0WBXW|3.0|Seriously, how many times have we come across a story of two people who hate each other and then fall in love eventually. Of course, one of the two is tragically messed up and the other falls in love. Its an age old story in a new pot. But if you want a no brainer, a lovely romantic comedy and some very nice acting, then you are up for a treat.
B002VUFKG6|5.0|As someone who has been with the same guy for nearly 15 years (unmarried) and who, like the author, doesn't want children, I found this book fascinating and couldn't put it down!  I related to a lot of what she wrote and found all of the history of marriage extremely interesting and entertaining.  I'd definitely recommend!  Don't expect E,P,L - it's totally different, but definitely worth reading!
B002ONC9NC|5.0|What is education... can you just skip school and learn from life? Or just attend school and learn life from books. An education is a movie that will most certainly make you think...overbearing parent, small town, a brilliant girl who has thirst for life outside the little town, a dashing young man with promises to enrich her life.. The acting is brilliant, the characters so real that you can almost feel yourself in it. A movie that for sure will make your evening interesting and pave way for quite some discussions about life, if you are up for it! I rate it a full five stars, cause honestly, such movies are rare to come by.
B000NPLLGY|5.0|I knew that this would be good based on the reviews.  It lived up to the expectations.  It was great to watch this, and then The Runaways back to back.
B000FC2PKG|5.0|This is the first book I've read by Lisa Gardner, and I was SOOOO glad I got it.  The characters were all complex, just when you think you have them figured out, you learn some new surprising detail.   Besides the main character, throughout most of the book you still question who are the good guys and who are the bad guys.   I lost a couple of nights sleep with this one.
B0041MFOE0|5.0|It arrived in perfect condition and it was package correctly for transit also. The conditon of the dvd was great and there was no scratches on the dvd. I will buy from you again .
B002JCSRKC|3.0|I'm pretty disappointed! I got these because I am a diehard Croc fan. I usually buy 2-3 pairs each summer and they are all my children will wear. However, these were a. not tall enough (they were a weird length) and b. they were too tight on my calves. The little ring on the top part where the vent is also popped off. Strange boot, will be going back. Fooey!
B00475AYJQ|5.0|Man, the waiting is a bummer. 4 years between books. Fortunately, I only read the first one about 4 months ago. Rumor has it several more years before the final book. IGNORE the comments of the \\"filler.\\" It's not supposed to be breathless action/generic sword n'sorcery. It's a book about a story. Believe the 4 and 5 star reviews, I don't need to get into the same summary/minor spoilers of every other review. Know this, however: each of the first two books can function as a standalone novel, even though they are part of a larger narrative. So rest easy, and read'em. And yes, the waiting will still suck.
B00328R21C|5.0|this really cool lego set creats that moment in \\"a new hope\\" they don't tell you there are only 163 pieces and a lot of them are used on the figs...but what the heck....it's lego, it's star wars. Can it be any more cool?
B002GSXKN8|4.0|This is a good gift if you have a Batman fan in your life.  I can't say if the films are good, because I haven't seen them.  I just loved that 4 movies were in one package.  The gift was well received!
B000QCS8TW|5.0|This is a great book but don't expect a resolution.  I am reading all 4 in this series at once and 3 of the 4 do not have endings.  If the 4th does not it is going to be really aggrevating to be left hanging as the author leaves on a cliff hanger each time.  Not for the person that wants to read a book and be done with it.
B002QY9RMA|4.0|When the initial marketing plan for Beyonce's I Am...Sasha Fierce was made public before the album's release in 2008, I had mixed feelings.  On the one hand, I was pleased that it seemed that she and her record label had listened to fans and learned their lesson regarding deluxe edition releases after B'Day was re-released and fans became enraged about having to purchase the album all over again to legally possess the new tracks.  Sasha Fierce would be released in both a standard and a deluxe format, simultaneously, so I was glad that I felt reasonably sure that I would only have to purchase her album once to get all the tracks.  On the other hand, I was irritated that Team Beyonce came up with such a weak marketing strategy for the release of the album.  First of all, Sasha Fierce was spread out over 2 discs.  While albums are typically put together as one body of work that takes the listener on a journey through various moods and representations of aspects of life, Team Beyonce decided that this album needed to put all the ballads on one disc and all the uptempo tracks on another disc.  It must have seemed like a great idea to clearly distinguish between \\"Beyonce's deep side\\" and \\"Beyonce's danceable side,\\" but it came off as insulting to the listeners.  It was as if after all these years of listening to Beyonce as both a solo artist and a member of Destiny's Child, we were just incapable of understanding that she has both a tender and an aggressive side.  The clear separation also seemed to backfire on Beyonce, as many who bought the album found it exhausting to listen to so many slow and mid-tempo songs in a row, and they also found it overkill to listen to so many uptempo songs in a row (though the second disc played a little bit better as almost an album by itself).  On top of this, the standard edition of the album was ridiculous, with only 11 tracks being spread out between the 2 discs!  Considering that the typical R&B album features at least 12 tracks, these days, it seemed laughable that Team Beyonce was trying to market I Am..Sasha Fierce as if it were a double album (like Christina Aguilera's Back to Basics album from 2 years earlier).  The deluxe edition, on the other hand, featured 16 tracks.  This meant that this edition felt closer to being a true double album, with 8 tracks on each disc, although still not quite there, yet.  However, in order to get a full album's worth of tracks, fans would have to spend $4+ more than they typically spend on a full album.  Very clever.    However, 10 months later (just as the album had nearly run its course), Team Beyonce did the unthinkable and went ahead and re-released it internationally as the PLATINUM edition of her album, adding 3 new tracks, the Kanye West remix of \\"Ego,\\" and a bonus DVD of nearly all the music videos of the album's singles and a behind-the-scenes short documentary.  2 months after that, the album was re-released AGAIN in a new deluxe format, this time with all of the original deluxe edition tracks, but also with the remix of \\"Video Phone\\" featuring Lady Gaga and the brand new track, \\"Poison.\\"  Fans could download both the new tracks from the 2009 deluxe edition and one of the tracks from the platinum edition in the 3-track digital EP of bonus material that her record label released (as well as the remix of \\"Ego\\" in its separate digital release).  However, they could not own \\"Save the Hero\\" or her cover of Billy Joel's song, \\"Honesty,\\" unless they purchased the platinum edition (the exception being that those who downloaded the album on iTunes would get \\"Save the Hero\\" as an exclusive track).  Furthermore, audiophiles (like myself) and/or people who simply want to own physical copies of their music had to purchase both the 2009 deluxe edition of the album and the platinum edition of the album if they wanted to legally own all the bonus tracks in high-quality format.  This is absolutely ridiculous.  While both the remixes were likely created well afterthe original release of the album, the other 4 bonus tracks could have easily been released as part of the original deluxe edition.  Even better, all 6 of the new tracks could have been released as part of an EP (both digitally and on CD).    If one actually goes through the headache of purchasing all the bonus tracks (via whichever route they like), using the platinum edition album's track list (with some minimal splicing to avoid listening to both the original versions of \\"Video Phone\\" and \\"Ego\\" and their remixes, and to add \\"Poison\\" into the mix) makes the album flow very well, even if it is a bit lengthy.  The mixture of styles throughout the revamped album should allow some listeners to appreciate the exquisite ballads like \\"Smash Into You\\" and \\"Satellites\\" more easily.  When it comes down to it, Beyonce laid down a bewildering number of high-quality tracks during her recording sessions for her album.  She set out to branch out in some unexpected stylistic directions, and those fans with eclectic tastes in music were certainly rewarded.  It's just a shame that the album was marketed the way it was over the course of the first year it was out.  I have to say that after the re-release of B'Day and the 4 different releases of I Am...Sasha Fierce, I will be hesitant to buy her next album until it has been out for a year.  While I continue to appreciate Beyonce's dedication to high-quality pop music (and extremely well-executed performances), I don't want to buy another one of her albums, only to find out that I did not buy the finished version.  It's time that record labels and artists realize the importance of staying committed to the fan base.  Unnecessary release practices are driving some fans to download their music illegally, and that just hurts the music industry as a whole.
B000H1RFKA|5.0|This item was purchased as a gift for a co worker of mine. She was very pleased with the condition, packaging, and appearance of the overall product, as was I. I have no complaints.
B0045HCJGC|5.0|This was purchased as a gift for my boyfriend. He was very pleased when he received his gift. I have no complaints about buying this DVD or purchasing from this online provider.
0141301074|5.0|I read this book when I was a kid, and I just re-read it now that I'm in my 30's. I laughed so hard, I cried. Its brilliant.
B004289ZW0|3.0|The GPS locks on quickly and runs for the advertised time, but the touch sensor can be a problem and just not work. . Had to return the fist one.  Had no problem returning it for a new unit.  Would like to see a slide switch.  The switch works the first time only about 90% of the time and can take several tries to get it turned on.
0756404738|2.0|I read the first book and loved it.  This second one, while reasonably engaging, was a letdown for the following reasons:<br /><br />1) It meandered.  There are now so many plot arcs out there that I cannot possibly see how Mr. Rothfuss will resolve them all in the third book. While normally that would not be a flaw in itself--just the author's problem to solve in the third book--all this new exposition had the effect of making the core plot elements advance at a glacial pace.  There were distractions within diversions within sidetracks within asides in this book, and I kept feeling like I took 5 steps back for every 6 steps forward.<br /><br />2) It's unrealistic.  Oh sure, it's fantasy.  But if this is going to be a character-driven novel, then its characters have to be believable.  Without revealing any spoilers, I will just say that Kvothe's escapades, particularly around his formative experiences in the Fae, his interactions with Denna, and his really-needs-a-montage-with-theme-music time with the Adem are all just not believable for a guy of 16.  His time with the Fae changed him like an on-off switch, he doesn't treat Denna like any guy his own age might, and he doesn't seem changed much at all after his martial arts training.<br /><br />But I mentioned it was an engaging read.  Mr. Rothfuss has a glorious imagination and does an excellent job at creating a detailed, captivating world, and that is what I enjoyed most about this book.  I will read the third installment (when it comes out in 2018 or so) because there are now so many plot elements that need to be resolved that it will be an incredible feat to tie them all up in a single volume.  There seems like there should be a whole other book to just bring us up to the present at the Waystone Inn, and then a whole series of books after that.  I just feel like anything less would be cheapening the carefully crafted environment Mr. Rothfuss has crafted in the Waystone present, the atmosphere spoiling with silence, tension, and impending violence.  And Pat?  If you do end up taking the long road and extending the series, I'll read them.nding violence.  And Pat?  If you do end up taking the long road and extending the series, I'll read them.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|Eric Clapton is arguably one of the best & he did not disappoint on this album,just as I expected from Mr. Clapton.  His music seems to speak to me, as Mr. Johnson did to him.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|If you want to hear a spectacular sound and keep your hause in silence, you must buy this headset, i recomend.
B0034G4OUO|3.0|Though the movie is true to Dwayne Johnson's form of acting. It ends on rather a sour note by not completing what he had set out to do which to kill everyone associated to killing of his bother. And like so many other movies of this sort,it ends on a question mark. Just once I'd like to see a movie end with a conclusion of what does the person do after completing their intended mission. Do they: Get caught and return to prison,or escape to a secluded place start to live out the rest of their lives,or go on the run as a fugitive,or discover love and become passive never to kill again.What happened to his girlfriend,the one that ratted them out in the first place. Did she die of an overdose,what about the detectives son,what happen to him,was he awarded to the state,did he just up and run off.<br />There's too many holes in this movie,though Dwayne Johnson is a good actor for these<br />type of movies,he should read the scripts a little closer and demand changes.
B002UNMW7O|4.0|As a huge fan of the original, I was a little under impressed with this sequel.  They tried to pull of the same type of scenes as in the first one, but they didn't come across quite the same way in this one.  I think Julie Benz really pulled this movie through.  Her character was awesome!  Since I expect sequels to not be quite as good, I wasn't as upset as if I'd expected more from this one.
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I am  a big fan of the book and an even bigger fan of the musical. I have seen Les Mis   on stage about 7 times. Have several recordings of the music and also own 3 copies of the 10th Anniversary Concert.         The production values of this 25th Anniversary Concert is simply fabulous. From the big  stage to the bigger cast , the lights and the orchestra . Everything seemed grander. Alfie Boe's performance is excellent. I need not mention each and everyone of the marvelous cast.  With the obvious exception of Nick Jonas , every one had very strong and powerful voices.   Nick Jonas' voice was so puny and nasal and it was so disappointing to hear him belt out Marius' songs. He has this single facial expression throughout his performance that makes me think he is having some abdominal discomfort.( He might not even make it to the top 24 in American Idol .) He was definitely miscast and I just wonder how the producers or director  missed this fact before the actual performance. To add insult to the injury, Michael Ball sang the same songs in the finale with so much conviction and power .         Oh well, despite that little mishap I enjoyed the concert a lot.
0470449748|4.0|You may prepare for your test (GMAT, GRE, SAT, ACT, Etc) by tutoring ($ 1500), Video classes ($ 900 - 1300) or by self study. Most economical way to prepare is by buying books and doing self study in a systematic way.     The fact is that you can get high score on any test if you have strong fundamentals of the subject which can be learnt by systematic approach and not by shortcuts or solving thousands of problems. However, solving problems improves your proficiency and shortcuts can save time if required. So primary aim must be to make fundamentals strong.  There are two types of books available.    A A single book containing details of all branches of mathematics and English language (Verbal) from famous publishers like Barron's, Kaplan, and Princeton etc. These books are suitable for persons who have their fundamentals of mathematics intact, but need to brush-up on their memories. Condensed review of all concepts is provided along with reasonably good number of questions. Kaplan is most popular.     Official guide     Pros        Excellent source of questions in all fields of Quantitative and Verbal and questions are similar to actual test. Questions are organized with level of difficulty.      Detailed explanation for each step of solution is given      Con       Test strategies can be added, only condensed concepts of mathematics is provided. However, if you need to master the concepts of other subject books especially Arithmetic, logical reasoning and Grammar, you need to purchase individual modules of those subject books.     B Separate books on each subject like Arithmetic, Algebra, application (ratios, percents, proportion  etc), Geometry, Word problems, Logic and stats (Permutation, Combination, Probability,  Functions, graphs Etc).  Following Publishers/authors are available.     1 EZ Solution     Pros      The author believes that high score can only be achieved by learning fundamentals of a subject in a systematic way and not by shortcuts and tricks. Accordingly,      Six modules of mathematics teaches you basic subjects in a systematic way i.e. Arithmetic, Algebra, Geometry and advance mathematics i.e. Permutation, Combination, Probability, Functions, Graphs, etc as if you have never learnt any of these subjects before. All 6 books have approximately 2000 practice problems in addition to examples.      Six modules of Verbal teaches you English in various fields i.e. Grammar, Sentence Correction, Reading Comprehension, Writing Skills, Vocabulary, and Critical reasoning in a systematic way. The books have sufficient practice problems. . Since this is the latest series of books for verbal, these books have covered weaknesses of all other books.                    Two modules of workbooks containing approximately 2000 practice problems in all fields. 1 module dedicated to Alternate methods; 1 module dedicated to Data Sufficiency; 1 module dedicated to Quantitative Comparison; and 1 module in general test preparation area.       This is the only series which teaches you mathematics from fundamentals and even persons who had never studied mathematics will become very proficient and can score high (700+) in test. Unlike other books, none of the subject books contain tricks and short cuts to solve the problems.          Nine books cover all branches of mathematics and 6 books cover all aspects of English language. Spaces on pages have been productively utilized. Since the series has 9 books for mathematics instead of 5/6 books and 6 books for English instead of 3 books by others, and page space has been properly utilized, more useful material like details of concepts, and more than enough practice problems are available for study in each module. Excellent set of books to excel in any test.       Detailed explanation for each step of solution is provided to make you perfect and understand the solutions.    Publishers also have 9 books for mathematics and 5/6 books for English language for other tests like GRE, SAT, ACT, and PRAXIS.      Con     Almost all definitions of fundamentals of mathematics are provided and explained, so persons who had mathematics as a main subject may feel frustrated, and they may skip those sections, but these are essential for non-math students. Cost is more than other similar book, but if you want to become perfect, it is worth spending the Money. Number of pages for \\"Preface\\" can be reduced.    2 Manhattan (Kaplan)     Pros      Review of all mathematics subjects' concepts to a good level in separate  modules on each branch of mathematics like Number properties, Fractions, Equations, VIC etc. and English language. Whole series is good for persons who had mathematics as a main subject in high school.       Five books cover all branches of mathematics and 3 books cover all aspects of English language (Verbal).     Con     If mathematics has not been your main subject, you need other books to understand basic fundamentals. More explanation needs to be given to handle numbers between - 1, 0, and 1 and exponents.      Very few exercises in each module and relies on Official guide practice problems      Detailed explanation for each step of solution is not provided, Lots of empty spaces on almost every page, so book could be completed in much less number of pages.       Name of some of the books like \\"number Properties\\", VIC, etc. is confusing; however, detailed description provides the contents of the book.      3 Veritas     Pros      Set of 15 books is available consisting of 8 books on mathematic, 6 on English language, and 1 simulation booklet. Provides good source of practice questions. Name of books are as per standard practice like Arithmetic, Algebra, etc and provides explanation of all concepts of mathematics. They have separate module for Data Sufficiency and WP and WC. Critical reasoning and sentence correction has been divided in two books each. Test taking strategies are very helpful for students.     Con      Spacing on pages is not the same everywhere as there are pages with one question only leaving the page blank so books can be completed in less number of pages.         Though EZ solution does not supply free CAT Tests, the same can be downloaded for free from various web sites, but no other series makes you better than perfect in \\"Quantitative and \\"Verbal\\" skills.
B00338QENI|4.0|Excellent read for those interested in medical ethics, racial equality, and the intersectionality of class, race and sex. Skloot thoroughly examines the history of HeLa and provides numerous perspectives on the ethics of tissue culture in her epilogue. The Kindle edition was clear and easy to use; I had no issues with the ebook edition whatsoever. All in all, well recommended.
B004HGBUVG|5.0|Lucinda is back with a set of extremely well crafted, poetic songs. The music has a consistent tenor and mood. I prefer the acoustic \\"kitchen\\" disc because her melodies and her voice stand out in a beautiful honesty. The band supported disc is also an artistic statement sounding hushed,thoughtful, with candles in a darkened room feel. On the band disc her melodies are only hinted at and her voice is filled with whisper and innuendo, sometimes halting and sounding a bit weary. What I really like about both discs is their originality. Barely any echoes to past songs, except perhaps in theme. This one stands up there with her best. The kitchen disc is a must.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|A lengthy review is not required for this film. It was simple, profound and beautiful.<br /><br />I consider myself to be a hard and somewhat jaded man, having survived war and traveling far in my life. This film awakened long-buried emotions.<br /><br />I wept.
1582701709|5.0|One of my favorite books. A must for everyone!  This book takes the law of attraction and helps you to apply it to everyday life. It gives you a new look on life and helps you believe that anything is possible.
B0043RSJ8G|5.0|I eagerly await each new book by Jodi Picoult and once again I am not disappointed. I was basically unable to put this book down. Ms. Picoult took on many controversial topics in this one book. There were many surprises along the way in this current offering.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|wonderful film! Everyone should see it at least once in their lives. Very informative, even if you know a lot about your food, I am sure you will learn even more on this film.
B000K4X5XA|5.0|Almost 33 years and you can still feel the magic in this movie. The music makes you soar in the air, and Christopher Reeve does his best. During my childhood I loved this movie but nowadays I feel this movie is a world treasure. Director Richard Donner made a timeless product, it was a pity he couldn't complete Superman II but nevertheless we have The Richard Donner cut wich is better than any other in this franchise. The cast, the staff, composer John Williams, and director Richard Donner made a wonderful job as all the elements were combined in a perfect form. This movie is a must..[[ASIN:B000K4X5XK Superman II - The Richard Donner Cut [Blu-ray]]][[ASIN:B000046PVN Superman - The Movie: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack]][[ASIN:B001ARDBWG The Omen [Blu-ray]]]
B004Q3UL2O|5.0|I have to say I did not expect the film to be so raw, sexy, emotional, and meaningful... judging by the previews. But it totally captivated me... I loved every bit of it!
B002X6DQV4|1.0|This was not the item I need to plug in my charger, I needed the male and this was the female.  My mistake.  Had to order another one. Was not worth sending it back, will find a use for it....somehow.
0143039830|4.0|Just want to add, beyond any comment on the material inside, that the binding is horrible for Penguin paperbacks, meaning that the pages are not evenly cut and stick in all directions at the end of the page starting from the glued part. Every Penguin paperback I've ordered from Amazon suffers from this...
B004DK5CYM|5.0|Great movie.  Watched it over and over again and also watched it with our granddaughter who really loved it.  Good family fun.
B004N66XYE|4.0|I cannot wait for the new Upstairs Downstairs to be released, in particular to enjoy Eileen Atkins performance. The run time, however, on this DVD needs to be updated as this series ran for at least 3 episodes of an hour each making the current run time of 60 minutes an impossibility.<br /><br />ETA - Run time has been updated to 182 minutes, which matches the run time on the UK DVD
B003Q6D2BE|5.0|Great movie.  Really enjoyed it and seems most of the time lately we only watch movies once because they are mediocre but this was well worth the 2nd - and 3rd time to watch.  Also watched it with our 10 year old granddaughter and she loved it.  Just good fun.
B000Q8QH0I|5.0|I love this film, and the blue-ray version is wonderful.  The images look amazing.  I also enjoyed the commentary and learned things about the film from it.
B000274THQ|5.0|This is a wonderful movie.  It won many awards for a reason - it is good.  Very nice subtle and situational humor throughout.
B00475AYJQ|5.0|I will not bore with a long review.  Suffice to say that this is an absolute masterpiece of literary work.  The book exceeded all my lofty expectations by a mile.  There has not been an author I have ever read who creates and fills a story more completely than this author.  It was a privilege and pleasure beyond measure to read.
B003CMGE2Q|5.0|Just try to explain this movie.    Oh sure. You could recount the plot. But try telling the story without Johnny Depp's clucking or Lily Taylor bungee-hanging from panty hose or Papua, New Guinea, North By Northwest or the turtle on the dinner table. I'll bet you can't.    It's an oldie and a perennial favorite of mine, but definitely not for those who need nice, straight lines connecting their dots.    An ensemble performance of cinema greats. Wish I'd have been there. It must've been a blast to film this.
B0042X9L6A|5.0|Cheaper and better than the SB-900 -- there's no reason not to pick this over the more expensive one. Great features.
B004R0YTHY|5.0|As many others have expressed I believe this show was cancelled just as it was getting good.  The first season settled us into this new and entirely different Stargate experience, only to have the show yanked out from under is too soon.    This episode continues the evolution of the characters and reinforces previously introduced characters and plots.  I look forward to the rest of this season and hope for continued movie tie-ins with this too-quickly abandoned series.
B004047XXO|4.0|If you like Ice Age,  you will love this  I love how this movie   gives you a choice of 2d or 3d
B002AF4Y9G|5.0|... and this is a nearly perfect film. The script, the acting of all characters, the direction and editing, and all the ensemble elements of perfected cinema are here. It's a virtuosic depiction of \\"our\\" insatiable taste for the violence we hide ourselves from, from birth to hospice care, our sofa-bound celebration of vicarious violence. It's an indictment, not an entertainment, and if you enjoy it too easily, with too much adrenalin pumping, you ought to know that it's YOU being indicted. Likewise, though it has lots of moments of absurdity that would be comic in another film, it's not funny, not in any manner that makes you smile or chuckle. In fact, if you laugh out loud too often at this film, you might need therapy.<br /><br />A couple of young white Southern Americans, Mickey and Mallory, go on a murder rampage along historic Highway 66. Their first victims are Mallory's grotesque abusive parents, but then they slaughter 52 people at ransom, including a number of police, in a scant few weeks. Their love and lust, indistinguishable, are image-saturated with hallucinogenic drugs. They are captured, surviving a hail of bullets, and imprisoned. A year later, amid a frenzied prison riot, they escape again, leaving dozens of corpses strewn around the penitentiary. These simple cinematic thrills are tumbled together with news footage of actual mass and serial murders, hyper-violent scenes from other films and TV shows, and cartoon animation suggestive of violent computer games. As I said, the editing is Perfect, a ghastly gory splurge of senseless gratuitous violence. That alone would not distinguish Natural Born Killers from the dozens of bloodbath thrillers that are marketed in the USA every year. But the killers, including the psycho cop Scagnetti who tracks Mickey and Mallory, are different from most. They get more pleasure from killing than most. In fact, they justify their killing by the 'sense of being alive themselves' that they derive from it. It's all \\"fate\\" anyway, they offer; those who get killed are those who somehow need killing.<br /><br />What distinguishes Natural Born Killers from being a simple 'thriller' is its portrayal of the sensation-hungry media profiteering from their violence, stirring up a feeding-frenzy of adulation for the \\"Bonnie and Clyde-like\\" killers. As the film industry, and before it the dime novels of the 19th C have taught the world, America loves a raffish outlaw and despises the public employees -- cops and jailers, with the defined-benefit pensions -- until one of them is shot by a black person. Wayne Gale, host of a TV reality show devoted to serial murderers, follows Mike and Mallory and glamorizes them, sets up an interview with Mike in prison which triggers the explosive riot, commits himself psychologically more and more to them, adapts their Ayn Rand objectivity toward the value of Life, and eventually finds himself cravenly cringing in front of his own camera as Mike explains why the thrill of killing even extends to mystical converts.<br /><br />Yes, a perfect film! And it happens to have been one of the most controversial films in American history, lambasted by critics for inciting precisely the sociopathic violence it patently wants to excoriate. Look on wikipedia! You'll find, as a full article, a \\"List of Alleged Natural Born Killers Copycat Crimes', several of which were very likely just that! Can a film that portrays as hellish and decadent the unrepentant adoration of violence by the American public really be held culpable for inciting more violence? How then can you tell the truth, if the truth results in more guilt? By the way, the film doesn't \\"pick on America\\" alone; the glee of TV audiences in Japan, Europe, and everywhere at the carnage is also shown. But let's not equivocate; this is a film about the shame of America, and it's a potent statement.<br /><br />Just don't let your kids watch it!, they offer; those who get killed are those who somehow need killing.    What distinguishes Natural Born Killers from being a simple 'thriller' is its portrayal of the sensation-hungry media profiteering from their violence, stirring up a feeding-frenzy of adulation for the \\"Bonnie and Clyde-like\\" killers. As the film industry, and before it the dime novels of the 19th C have taught the world, America loves a raffish outlaw and despises the public employees -- cops and jailers, with the defined-benefit pensions -- until one of them is shot by a black person. Wayne Gale, host of a TV reality show devoted to serial murderers, follows Mike and Mallory and glamorizes them, sets up an interview with Mike in prison which triggers the explosive riot, commits himself psychologically more and more to them, adapts their Ayn Rand objectivity toward the value of Life, and eventually finds himself cravenly cringing in front of his own camera as Mike explains why the thrill of killing even extends to mystical converts.    Yes, a perfect film! And it happens to have been one of the most controversial films in American history, lambasted by critics for inciting precisely the sociopathic violence it patently wants to excoriate. Look on wikipedia! You'll find, as a full article, a \\"List of Alleged Natural Born Killers Copycat Crimes', several of which were very likely just that! Can a film that portrays as hellish and decadent the unrepentant adoration of violence by the American public really be held culpable for inciting more violence? How then can you tell the truth, if the truth results in more guilt? By the way, the film doesn't \\"pick on America\\" alone; the glee of TV audiences in Japan, Europe, and everywhere at the carnage is also shown. But let's not equivocate; this is a film about the shame of America, and it's a potent statement.    Just don't let your kids watch it!
0312370849|5.0|I found this book to be very captivating.  I had no idea that this event even happend which is really sad to me.  I felt guilty I didn't know about it.  I think that the book hooks you from the beginning and it holds on to you until the last page.  It was very compelling the way the author was able to connect the past with the future.  I believe that is very important.  It was a great book!
B004A8ZWSS|2.0|\\"The Tourist,\\" a Hollywood remake of a 2005 French film \\"Anthony Zimmer,\\" is not just a thriller. With Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp both top-billed, \\"The Tourist\\" also wants to be a romance, and even a comedy, too. Whatever the film may be, one thing is certain. \\"The Tourist\\" is a beautiful film to look at, but not much else beyond its surface.     Johnny Depp is an American tourist Frank Tupelo, a math teacher on board the train heading to Venice. A beautiful, femme fatale-like woman Elise approaches to him and apparently Elise has been followed by men in suit. With two talented players and a beautiful Venice backdrop, \\"The Tourist\\" could have been a hugely entertaining suspense (or romantic / comedy suspense). Sadly, Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck, director of Oscar-winning \\"The Lives of Others,\\" seems not to know what he is making at all.    Some may say people shouldn't take \\"The Tourist\\" too seriously. We know we shouldn't. The film was inexplicably nominated for three Golden Globes including Best Picture: Musical or Comedy category. Certainly it is mildly amusing watching Johnny Depp in pajama trotting on the rooftop, but the joke wears out its welcome really fast as the lengthy scene goes on and on.     Who is \\"Alexander Pearce\\" and what did he do? Why a gangster Shaw (Steven Berkoff, wasted) is after him? I am not sure whether the film is really trying to be a thriller, or just mocking the conventions of the genre. Whichever it is, with a paper-thin story and one-dimensional characters (and half-hearted acting from the leads), frankly we don't care.
B0000029AL|5.0|This is a \\"must have\\" for anyone that considers themselves an Aerosmith fan. If you don't know their musical roots, you don't know Aerosmith.     A wonderful blend of rock & blues, remakes and original compositions. This is raw, yet perfect, as it captures the first steps of an early 70's band's transition from garages and clubs to stadiums and super stardom. A 1973 listener's first impression of Steven Tyler's raw vocals, Joe Perry's unpolished guitar work and the rough edged rhythm section of Joey Kramer (drums), Brad Whitford (2nd guitar) & Tom Hamilton (bass) may not have evoked thoughts of Grammy's, but they knew the band had \\"it\\". A present day listener's first impression will be one of those \\"ah ha\\" moments when they hear and understand where Aerosmith's \\"it\\" began.
B004EQAVHI|2.0|I was really looking forward to seeing the film.  It was well made and the acting is superb.  That said, it's one of the most horribly depressing stories I've ever heard of.  I would never watch it again, and now have no interest in reading the novel.
0811876373|5.0|the book its so beautifull, great ideas, easy to follow, not need to much experience to made then and works with eny tipe of cake.
0099439972|2.0|I knew when I bought this book that it would be a good one. I just knew it. Star Wars books are generally good quality, it's set in my favourite time-period of the Star Wars Universe, and was centered around political story-lines. As regular readers of my reviews know, I like to see politics and intrigue at work in novels. So I was hyped up to read it, and opened it a soon as I got home.    But somehow, something went wrong.      It took me three weeks to read the book. Now, books generally take me a day or two to read, (I read Gomorrah by Roberto Saviano in an afternoon - despite it being the type of book I least like to read). So for me three weeks to read a book is a bad thing. While I had been expecting to be unable to put it down, In truth I found it difficult to pick up.    The book has a very promising start. Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan, the heroes of Episode 1, are chasing after some mysterious pirate who attacked the Trade Federation. (This is set pre-films, so the federation aren't bad guys yet). And then it seems to go downhill from there. The action is sparse, or at least not interesting enough to keep me reading, and it seems that we know far too much of what's going on, as we see it from several points of view.    Now there is a twist at the end, which one would hope for, but not a major one, as given that it occurs so close to the first film, we know that, for example, certain characters can't die. Unfortunately, that seems to be all of the protagonists. Since it's likely that anyone reading the Star Wars books has seen the films, we KNOW that there is no danger to the characters. There is no suspense.    I'm not saying that all the star wars books should be about characters we don't know what happens to. Rogue Planet is a particularly good book about Obi-Wan and Anakin. But it needs to be done well. Indeed, it needs to be done better than other books, and has to be more in-line with the films. Which leads us to problem number 3.    The characters seem completely different in this book to the films. In particular Yoda, Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon, as well as Palpatine.  Perhaps the latter can be excused, as he is seen in different circles in the film, but Yoda seems far too contrary to be in keeping with his character, Obi-Wan rather pathetic, and Qui-Gon seems to just like disagreeing for the sake of it.    The only non-original character I thought was done particularly well was Master Adi Gallia, as her friendship with Valorum and Qui-Gon was nicely written and well-placed.    This also brings us nicely to the original characters, which I have to admit, weren't bad. Cohl's team was interesting, and Havac was a fairly clever little devil, despite playing stupid. But for me even Cohl seemed a bit boring after a while, and it seemed almost as if the author had gotten tired of writing about him.    The story did pick up a bit in the last few chapters, which I was grateful for, as I wanted to read the books that had just arrived in the post, but not an awful lot. Enough to let me finish the book in one sitting, but not enough to redeem the book in my eyes.    If you're a collector of star wars books, and see it in a charity shop, I'd give it a go. If you've never read a Star Wars novel before, don't choose this one. It's not representative of the majority. I might read it again one day in the future, and perhaps I'll have a new insight, but today, I wouldn't recommend this except to a huge fan, and I'd warn them not to have high expectations.
B0017VG69U|5.0|This remastered 3rd season is better than the original version.  It looks much more REAL and more interesting.  Just want to also say that the 3rd season episodes are as good as the 1st and 2nd season - I don't now why some reviewers said it is weak - I don't find it so at all - it's puzzling.  I would highly suggest that you buy all the seasons remastered.
B002GSXKN8|1.0|We ordered 3 of the 4-Film Warner Bros DVDs. Batman Collection, Lethal Weapon Collection and Superman Collection.  We opened Lethal Weapon Collection and the 1st movie appeared to be of fair quality and then turned it over to play the 2nd movie and it would just start and stop.  We did not even unwrap the other 2 and plan to return them all.  I guess it shows once again that you \\"get what you pay for\\".    DO NOT Recommend to anyone.  Better to buy the movies as singles.
B004NIFSRA|1.0|It's a blank book, which mean you get a colorful cover only. The hard copy can be used as a note book. What the heck you gonna use a electronic copy for?
B000KJU1MS|5.0|Okay, first up: no bonus disc. If I wanted one, I guess I should've bought this five years ago when it was released. That said, let's get on with the review.     I'm not a member of the KISS Army. I worshipped these guys in elementary school, but pretty much dropped off when the makeup came off in about (for me) Grade 7. This year, I'm turning 40... and hell, maybe I wanted to recapture some of those magic moments from my childhood years. A big part of those years was KISS.     So I bought 'Destroyer' on iTunes, which turned out to be, regrettably, a pretty flat experience. Because I began to realize that, unless you're *looking at* these guys while you listen to them, you're getting less than half the package. So I bought this set.     And it rocks.     Growing up in small-town Alberta as I did, you could forget about a KISS concert. If you wanted KISS, you had three choices: the albums, the bubblegum cards, and 16 magazine. Because of this, I (like all the other kids in my neighbourhood) began to deify these guys. This set certainly allows you to continue to do that, but what shocked me (no pun intended), as a musician myself today, was how KISS were just a quartet of rock n' roll dudes from the 70's, making it up as they went along. And you get to watch every step of the way. A full concert from each tour is presented here, and it's such a thrill to watch the costumes evolve, and hear old favourite songs introduced into the repertoire for the first time.     Some folks here have quibbles about the quality - I don't. I should say, this is the first dvd I've bought since switching to blu-ray over two years ago. Does the dip in quality bother me? Not in the least. This is vintage 70's concert and television footage, and no one should be expecting it to look like Avatar. Frankly, I'm amazed it looks as good as it does.     Much the same for sound. These are all mono sources, so the soundtrack is largely centrally placed, as it should be. Yes, it's 5.1, but the surrounds are really nothing to write home about (except, curiously, in the Paul Lynde Halloween Special, where flashpots exploding in the rear channels almost scared the pants off me!). Essentially, the original sound is preserved, which is the most important thing.     In conclusion, I wasn't sure if I should buy this set. I told myself, \\"I want to watch it, but I don't want to BUY it!\\". Well, I did buy it...     And I'll be buying Volume II immediately. :)
B0000009S3|5.0|I wish all of Zappa's albums were more like Hot Rats. This 1969 release was all about the music, which is simply brilliant as brilliant gets. All instrumentals with the exception of the bluesy jam of \\"Willie The Pimp\\" with Captain Beefheart on guest vocals. Every song is a juxtapose between jazz/rock and lengthy jams with some very creative playing from some amazing musicians (including Lowell George and Jean Luc Ponty). This CD sizzles! I highly recommend this to any serious music fan.
B004289ZW0|5.0|The GNS 5870 was purchased to add true functionality to the iPad Foreflight App in the cockpit.  Since day one, it has preformed flawlessly on all domestic and international flights.  It allows the iPad to be used in several different areas of the aircraft without any degregation to the quality of the GPS Signal.  Additionally, I have not encountered any problems turning the device on and off as has been mentioned in other reviews.  I wholeheartedly recommend this device to fellow pilots without hesitation.
1439102724|1.0|This book was prominently displayed in my local bookstore at the very first display when you walk in.  I read the summary on the dust cover and thought, huh, this doesn't really tell you what the book is about...it hints at an unconventional relationship but doesn't specify what it is.    Thankfully, Amazon is upfront about what the book is actually about - a custody battle between a lesbian couple, and one of the womens ex-husband.  Big surprise...Christians are demonized along with states that don't recognize civil unions and conservative judges...and in the end, the ex-husband is awarded full custody of the embryos and decides to give them to the lesbians, because that will be the best home for the children!  What a feel good ending.    A sadly predictable attempt to normalize gay parenting...to go along with the media blitz of Ricky Martin, Elton John, and Merideth Baxtor.    There is nothing new to learn here.
B003R0LBVW|1.0|First time ever that I couldn't finish a book.  I forced myself to the halfway point thinking I would get to the good part...NOT!  Total waste of time.
B004I2K4DY|3.0|Great song performance. However, I was hoping that this would have been more of the dramatized story mixed with the singing. I didn't realize it was simply a concert performed on stage in front of microphone stands. It made it difficult for my young children to understand the story line. I ended up narrating the story for them.
B0002O7XW2|5.0|It is a good movie, but it is a little creepy. However, it is stephen king. This movie is an excellent choice for car lovers and for stephen king fans.
0061801313|5.0|I am so excited to read the rest of these books! They are so clever, and definately keep you guessing.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|A bittersweet story that will both warm and sadden your heart very real to life in the time period. A story of love and loss, and financial loss and gain.
B0042X9L6A|5.0|This is not simply a replacement for the SB-600 the way that the SB-900 was for the 800.  I say this because the SB-700 has its own unique position in the Nikon flash lineup.  I guess the easiest way to see whether this would be a good fit for you is to go through this checklist:    If you have an entry level Nikon without a flash commander mode then this would be a perfect first flash to get. It's easy to use as a standalone flash, it's relatively light, and if you decide to get another flash, this one would act as a commander. One possible scenario would be to get a 700 and 600.    If you have a mid range or semi-pro camera and simply want a good light flash for most everyday shooting then you might want to think about getting the 600 instead since your camera already has a built in Cmdr. mode. one possible reason to get this instead of the 600 would be ease-of-use since the 600 is a little bit difficult to understand at first, or you want to have the ability to add a little bit more range to the commander mode since with the SB700 you can point the flash atthe remote flashes and/or use a TTL cable for even more range.    If you have a D3 class camera without any built-in flash and you want an everyday life/to carry then I think this would be the minimum flash you need to get.    If you need a workhorse flash with extra power, sync cord, extra zoom, etc.  then you'd be happier with the SB-900 (or a used SB-800 if you find one at a good price).      Overall, you can't go wrong with getting this.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|Toby Stephens plays the best Mr. Rochester on screen yet, very close to what I envision of his character from the book, the trouble Byronic hero with the mercurial temperament and mischievous hidden agenda
B004B63M1S|1.0|Yes, this movie is pandering to the Latinos in the audience.  What do you call it when you have a 'hero' who enjoys chopping up Anglos, all of whom seem to be low-lifes and disgusting characters?  There is no realism, and splattering blood and body parts all over is no real.      The movie's director must be a mental head-case to want to glorify this sickening kind of krapola, while he pretends to want to create a Latin Schwarzenneger...frankly, you can have the original, just dub him in spanish and you've got your machisita on celluloid.     Redeeming qualities of the movie? ............still thinking about that tough question............still thinking...........
0143116738|3.0|Ken does a great job in the first half of the book.    He introduces the key concepts, gives you real stories that illustrate them, and helps paint a picture of the overall narrative.    To me, the second half became repetitive.  Too many stories ....I began to find a counter intuitive arguement....these people were to some degree just lucky!  Or said a different way....how many people find their element and never amount to anything?    The first half of the book is an excellent read!   Worth the price of admission.   The second half you could skim thru or skip.
B004E547D8|5.0|I don't usually buy comedies, but after seeing this movie via Netflix, I bought it, and am glad I did.  If you are looking for realism, this movie is not for you, but if you are looking to enjoy an action-comedy where the actors are obviously having a good time, go no further.  This is it.<br /><br />Others have described the plot and characters, I'll simply say, that I found myself caring about the characters!<br /><br />For those who give the \\"movie only\\" blu-ray version a low rating because it only has a Dolby 5.1 sound track, get real, guys.  This is a movie for fun, not techical specs.
B0034G4OUY|3.0|I was definitely entertained by the movie, but I was somewhat set back due to entitlement of the film.<br /><br />When you think faster you think high speed chases, adrenaline rush, mayhem etc... but this movie actually goes by at a much slower pace. I'm thrilled to see Dwayne back in action movies, and he did a great job of tapping back into his wrestling persona with a strong presence. However I think it was a mix of poor script writing and the director that bring down the excitement; resulting in decent action flick, rather than a great action flick.<br /><br />Lets talk alternate ending... the movie throughout never really has a climax, but the original ending that was cut due to audiences displeasure was a disappointment. It would have been an awesome ending to a solid 80's tradition action film.<br /><br />Let's talk car chases... or lack thereof. There are a couple solid scenes, but again I think it was both poor writing and directing that give it a negative blow. I love the muscle and exotic cars they have in the movie, but it would have been better if they pushed the envelope and punctuated the `Faster' title.<br /><br />All and all the movie does what it's supposed to do, it's definitely worth a rental, but you might not feel its money well spent for $20.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|We have all seen the traditional love story and like the movie narrator said...'this is not one of them'. I have seen a great deal of romantic films, most of them involve a lot of adolescence and 80s new wave music. 500 Days of Summer, however is truly something special.<br /><br />What had me so taken by this movie was how relatable the movie was as a whole. It's the story of an average nice guy, who is smitten by a girl that is somewhat out of a dream to him. He is then taken on a mysterious journey into the mind of a woman who he is unsure of. It is a movie about trusting your instincts and while things are being shown to you in one way you have the ability to see them in a completely different one. Joseph Gordon Levitt plays one of his greatest rolls in this film as Tom. He is the guy that every average guy sees them self as. The guy who looks for the good in everything and does everything right in life to himself and to others and yet in the end gets the crap beaten out of him at the end all because he dared to dream. Zooey Deschanel plays an amazing role as Summer in this film. The girl who could be your girlfriend if you try hard enough and yet, she is the one that no one can read. When these two grade A personalities meet you get one of the greatest adventures you will ever experience in a movie.  The originality is also what drives this movie. It takes you all over a relationship but out of order. It is amazing to see the emotions that anyone can feel at various points in time. How they can go from walking on air to wanting to jump off a bridge and all the little junctures in between that got you from point A to B.<br /><br />Even if you have never seen or never enjoyed a romantic comedy in your lifetime, 500 Days of Summer is one you have to see. This is a film with great performances and a story that is driven by powerful emotions, life lessons and of course a killer soundtrack.  Why this movie got not a scrap of credit in the 2010 Oscars is beyond me.
B000005RXF|5.0|This is U2 at their best. When this came out in 1997, it didn't leave my CD player for months. This disc was the natural progression in U2's evolution. If POP had been the success it should have been, U2 would not sound like they do today. ATYCLB and HTDAAB are the 'safe' response to the POP backlash...At least NLOTH sees the band experimenting again. POP has been my fav U2 disc since it's release..Buy it.
B0044430H8|5.0|Well it was all matter of time. Eminem broke the barrier and gave the first Hip-Hop song an Oscar. Now for the first time this year a famous face from the world of Industrial Metal wins the Oscar for an entire soundtrack! Yea!, Trent Reznor, the guy who wrote songs like 'Head Like A Hole, 'Hurt' and 'Closer', now has an Oscar.<br /><br />Trent Reznor was always acclaimed for his haunting sounds and deep musical talent, but now we are going past the world of platinum albums to soundtracks for critically acclaimed films. His first project was 'The Social Network'. While the movie stands on its own the soundtrack makes it even better. The sound of the score is not your traditional orchestral sound, but sounds of synthesizer and piano. The sound is pretty much blends with the whole revolution of the personal computer and how the generations of today are enjoy its many marvels. The soundtrack has a great blend of slow moody songs to fast ones that make put a bounce in your feet. Each track flows perfectly into each other never breaking the chain of the musical flow. Still, there are going to be songs that will stand out amongst others and that is not always a bad thing. Probably one of the best tracks is Reznor and Ross' rendition of the classic piece 'In The Hall Of The Mountain King' It is a creative spin on a true classic, but not one to ruin it's masterful beauty.<br /><br />There is truly something amazing happening now with films. Seeing that artists such as these being chosen to drive the sound and feel of a movie. If you have already read my review of the Tron Legacy soundtrack scored brilliantly by Daft Punk, you know exactly where I am coming from. 'The Social Network' soundtrack is a great listen, and as always if you are looking for something original, pick it up. Still, this will be a Nine Inch Nails album for me, just because.
0439882826|5.0|I purchased this product for my 14 year old son. Our whole Star Wars household loves looking at the high quality pop-ups. My son's friend also like looking at it and want one of their own. It is hard to please teenage boys in the days of technology but this book does the trick.
B004PUG7MG|1.0|\\"What the Hell\\" I really liked the last CD, so I bought this one... Big Mistake Super Monotone and nothing you can get pumped listening too...
B000VNMMQ6|5.0|Watched this with my daughter who is fifteen.  I love all the Die Hards but I think this was first one she could really relate to.  So for all the dads wanting to share a great action movie with their daughters this is the movie :)
B001AQO3QA|5.0|I've had these movies on LaserDisc for many years now and decided to take the plunge on this anthology set; that was a good move, they are worth the price.<br /><br />This version has cleared up the muddiness in the dark scenes that seemed to plague the LD versions; this is especially true in Alien where entrance is made into the alien vessel.<br /><br />All told the set has excellent sound and video; absolutely no complaints there. I did encounter one problem with my OPPO which required an upgrade but that came through and now they play without any problem.<br /><br />If you're a fan of this series you'll enjoy this version!
B000PC0U1W|5.0|V is a great onscreen character.  The movie can stand on its own and not just for fans of the graphic novel.  The supporting characters are also great with solid performances throughtout.  I watch this movie whenever its on and not I don't have to wait for it to show up on cable :)
0385341008|5.0|My wife wanted this book and while she was reading it told me repeatedly that I should read it too. In view of the fact she knows I'm a dedicated science fiction fan something about this book must have convinced her that I would appreciate this departure from my usual class of fiction.<br /><br />She really hit the nail on the head with that assessment because I have just finished it and found it delightful, fresh, amusing, and deeply touching. I suspect I join most readers when I say this is the first book I have read that consisted exclusively of various kinds of correspondence between characters in the story.<br /><br />I would imagine that all of us who have read the book agree that format worked very well indeed in the hands of so capable a writer. The letters almost became like short chapters and never once seemed strained or unnatural.<br /><br />Although I lived through the Second World War as a child in the United States I was essentially untouched by the war; the rationing we experienced in this country was nothing compared to the suffering going on in England and areas directly touched by the conflict.<br /><br />The book brings to life these difficulties and the heartbreak the war brought to people during those years yet does so with a light touch of humor as those experiences are revealed by the ones who lived through it.<br /><br />The story starts eight months after the surrender of Germany ends the war in Europe; reconstruction is only just beginning and there is a scarcity of almost everything. The book is the story of Juliet Ashton, a writer, who is looking for her next project and of her decision to write about the German occupation of Guernsey.<br /><br />The results for the reader are truly a gem, even for science fiction fans. I looked forward to getting back to the book and kept at it until I had finished it, for me it was a page turner for sure.<br /><br />I feel it a privilege to add my enthusiastic support to the many others who have expressed their appreciation for the book.
1591843790|5.0|If you're looking for a book that will teach you how to turn iron into gold, Guy Kawasaki's new book can show you how to transform even the simplest of relationship elements into he gold that will drive your business. The \\"secret ingredient\\" is YOU, and the way you ineract with others is the interpersonal alchemy that can result in outstanding success. Whether building a brand, building trust, building a team, or strengthenin community, you owe it to yourself to buy this book. Allow yourself to be transformed by Guy's conversational tone and from-the-heart guidance on how to influence interactions by being an enchanter; the person who makes relationship magic by doing the extraordinary everyday.    I've ordered extra copies already to share at the office, and an extra for myself since the first copy is filled with notes and highlighting marks. And I've bought one for my dad, a rock-solid teacher of practical business know-how and one of the most enchanting people I've ever met... I hope you all enjoy the book as much as I have.     Thanks, Guy for another great guidebook for the journey of life!
630469654X|5.0|This is an adventure story of medieval times, just after a crusade, when pious bishops were political leaders, thought nothing of using black magic, and considered the hanging of a thief the epitome of piety. It is filled with sword fights and love. It concerns a young lying pickpocket, who adds humor to the tale, who escapes the bishop's dungeon and is perused by his armed forces, for \\"no one can escape my prison.\\" It is about a brooding knight, who is the hero of the film, and his hawk, and a beautiful woman and her wolf. The knight disappears during the night and the woman during the day. It involves an agonizing priest who sinned and is seeking how to repair his offense against God and man.<br /><br /> The boy is found by the bishop's forces and is saved by the knight and his hawk. He joins the knight because he knows how to get into the bishop's walled city and the knight wants to enter it secretly. Later, during the night, the boy is attacked by an avaricious thief with a hatchet and is saved by the wolf who comes with the beautiful lady who disappear. The soldiers tell the bishop that the knight has returned and the bishop is troubled. He is afraid that the knight will kill him, for the knight tells the boy that his quest is to kill the bishop. But there is a problem. The agonizing priest explains that if the knight kills the bishop what he wants to accomplish will fail.<br /><br /> Viewers will enjoy finding out who are these people, what happened to them in the past that made the knight want to kill the bishop, why is the knight brooding, what sin did the priest commit, why is the hawk always with the knight and the wolf always with the woman, how will the film end?
B0045U9WPU|5.0|Honestly one the THE best books I have ever read. The story keeps you turning the pages over and over. The ending is heartbreaking yet somehow satisfying.
B000V4UFZK|5.0|My siblings and I saw Poltergeist(1982) on TV in the late 1980's. We found all two hours of the film riveting and scary! The Freeling Family live in a suburban home and they endure a series of bizarre incidents(chairs move of their own accord and utensils bend). However, the terror escalates as ghosts kidnap their daughter Carol Anne(Heather O' Rourke) and keep her held hostage in another dimension! Poltergeist is a German word that means \\"rumbling spirit\\". Tobe Hooper(The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Lifeforce) directed Poltergeist and there are rumors that producer Steven Spielberg actually directed some scenes.<br />Poltergeist cast member Dominique Dunne died in 1982. Heather O' Rourke died in 1988 during post-production of Poltergeist III(1988). Lou Perry(the construction worker helping himself to Diane Freeling's breakfast) died in 2009. Fans of the Poltergeist movies miss them as if they were family. The late Jerry Goldsmith wrote a superb music score for Poltergeist. It's tender...and intense at the same time! Everything from The Simpsons to Scary Movie 2 to Family Guy has spoofed it.<br />Poltergeist(1982) is a horror movie classic! The terror continues in Poltergeist II: The Other Side(1986) and Poltergeist III(1988).
B000HF6XKO|5.0|I thought this movie portrays US interests in the middle east quite accurately. Further more, it explains how US companies with the help of US government excercise to achieve the above mentioned interests. The casualties are the citizens/leaders of the middle eastern countries,and in this case a US government employee.(since washington politics is all what can you do to get to the next level and saving your a** at the same time)....Bravo to George Clooney.....
0425166805|4.0|Chariots of the Gods is a book that has sold millions of copies since the 1970's.  Like the 12th Planet(Zecharia Sitchin) it is bathed in controversy.  This book challenges the notion that the ancients were visited by aliens and biblical accounts found in many ancient texts are simply primitive man describing alien encounters.  Right there you know you are getting yourself onto one crazy ride.  However, this is a ride everyone should take for a few reasons.<br /><br />Chariots of the Gods is a book where Von Daniken gathered up multiple accounts of \\"gods\\" from Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Babylonia, Egypt, Sumeria etc ; and finding many similarities he theorized the possibility of our entire view of God(s) to be based on Alien Encounters.  The book is a fascinating read that will leave you asking questions!  As the reader you should be aware this is simply a theory just like Einstein's theory of relativity.  However, much of the book is written as if Von Daniken  is just hypothesizing  the outcome of situations.  There are plenty of times when he would ask questions and theorize the answer.  It felt as if the author did his homework(evidence by the large bibliography) and then began to connect the dots to try and prove a point.<br /><br />Reading this book in 2011, it is easy to now point out some flaws in his logic and reference material to disprove his theories, but keep in mind this book was written almost 40 years ago.  Go back to an Earth Science text book from 1950 and you would laugh because \\"plate tectonics\\" didn't exist, so explanations for Earthquakes might seem a bit silly. In fact continental drift was considered a ridiculous notion! If we do not at least try to question other possible explanation for events, we may not ever find the TRUE solution.  Just like when Galileo questioned the logic of our solar system he was called a crack pot, but in the end HE WAS RIGHT!<br /><br />However, going into this book expecting 180+ pages of serious scientific evidence is not going to happen.  As the opening page hints at, this book is  FICTION.  It is one man who sat down with tons of evidence and biblical references and saw connections pointing to another meaning.  Relating it to aliens might be overdoing it a bit, as this is a very big step to take, but a step bravely taken.<br /><br />** A quote from page 85 sums up what I think the true message of this book is:<br />\\"We still know too little about our past to make a definitive judgment about it.  New finds may solve unprecedented mysteries; the reading of ancient narratives is capable of turning whole worlds of realities upside down.\\"<br /><br />That quote to me, sums up what this book truly is about.  It is about returning to our roots and taking the brave step forward towards questioning the validity of our understanding of ancient history.  There is always room for change be it a minor or a complete overhaul.  Whether his theories are legitimate or crack-pot, that is for the reader to decide, but Von Daniken took a big step forward in this book by questioning the validity of ancient understanding.  A MUST READ!happen.  As the opening page hints at, this book is  FICTION.  It is one man who sat down with tons of evidence and biblical references and saw connections pointing to another meaning.  Relating it to aliens might be overdoing it a bit, as this is a very big step to take, but a step bravely taken.    ** A quote from page 85 sums up what I think the true message of this book is:  \\"We still know too little about our past to make a definitive judgment about it.  New finds may solve unprecedented mysteries; the reading of ancient narratives is capable of turning whole worlds of realities upside down.\\"    That quote to me, sums up what this book truly is about.  It is about returning to our roots and taking the brave step forward towards questioning the validity of our understanding of ancient history.  There is always room for change be it a minor or a complete overhaul.  Whether his theories are legitimate or crack-pot, that is for the reader to decide, but Von Daniken took a big step forward in this book by questioning the validity of ancient understanding.  A MUST READ!
B000021Y77|2.0|This pic reminds me a bit of Amelie, but much better.  Amelie was cutsie and this is an action pic.  Unfortunately, the running does get a bit tiresome, though it is interesting for much of its running time.
B004G5ZXVQ|3.0|3ish stars.<br /><br />Ever heard the saying that insanity can be defined by one's tendency to do the same thing over and over expecting a different result?  As much as a part of me enjoys some of the music on REM's new album, I found myself recalling this point as I listened to many of these tracks.<br /><br />So basically there are two camps of REM fans. There are those for whom post-Bill Berry REM can do no right.  They could create Sgt. Pepper's or London Calling and some of us would say: \\"ehhhh...it's no Chronic Town.\\"  Others are more than willing to accept the new phase of REM's career and might even be waiting for the next big artistic statement on a par with Murmur or Automatic for the People.  I guess in all fairness I'd be most comfortable in the first camp.  I discovered REM in my early teens when Out Of Time was their latest release, and own a copy of every album through New Adventures in Hi-Fi.  In many ways their music defined my high school and college years, and to this day their albums remain among my very most favorites.  I have worn out multiple copies of Reckoning in various formats (I initially had this on cassette!) and still can't get enough of it.  So of course I'm biased.<br /><br />Accelerate was actually the second post-Berry REM album I bought (I have a copy of Reveal which I saw used and picked up out of curiosity - I rarely listen to it) and I was very excited about it when it first came out.  At first it sounded like the REM I remembered.  But over time it started to sound more like an REM cover band to me, a group of musicians trying really hard to ape classic REM and sometimes succeeding perfectly without really being REM.<br /><br />Unfortunately, this one feels almost exactly the same on first listen as Accelerate did after multiple listens.  Here we have songs that follow the Accelerate format (rockers, fairly indistinct), others that sound more like Out Of Time or Automatic, and a bit of Monster thrown in for good measure.  With each song, I basically can tell which era of their history they are referencing.  I guess the overtness of this approach is what makes it frustrating.  The songs never get a chance to really be themselves, they were instead seemingly built with an audience in mind.  The only real exception is \\"It Happened Today\\" which is actually a fantastic addition to their catalog and shows what the band really has in them if they just try a little harder.  The song also benefits from not having a whole lot of lyrical content, since Stipe's ability to write good lyrics seems to have declined as well.<br /><br />Now I will say that there are songs here (Uberlin for example) that may grow on me, and I may feel differently about the album in a few months.  But I can guess today that this will likely be shelved pretty soon (except for \\"It Happened Today\\") in favor of music that feels more vital.  That for me is the sad part.  As long as REM continues to paint by the numbers, their releases will leave me feeling a bit frustrated.  Maybe it's time for them to do something different again.ell which era of their history they are referencing.  I guess the overtness of this approach is what makes it frustrating.  The songs never get a chance to really be themselves, they were instead seemingly built with an audience in mind.  The only real exception is \\"It Happened Today\\" which is actually a fantastic addition to their catalog and shows what the band really has in them if they just try a little harder.  The song also benefits from not having a whole lot of lyrical content, since Stipe's ability to write good lyrics seems to have declined as well.      Now I will say that there are songs here (Uberlin for example) that may grow on me, and I may feel differently about the album in a few months.  But I can guess today that this will likely be shelved pretty soon (except for \\"It Happened Today\\") in favor of music that feels more vital.  That for me is the sad part.  As long as REM continues to paint by the numbers, their releases will leave me feeling a bit frustrated.  Maybe it's time for them to do something different again.
0316069906|5.0|Had someone told me in November 2009 that I was about to become a vegetarian, I would have laughed.  Hard.  Prior to reading this book, the chances of that happening were zero.  I understand the food chain and it is unfortunate that some animals taste really, really good to other animals, but \\"some folks is lucky, some ain't.\\"  Plus, I was simply just not interested in giving up meat.  Then, I read this book. I spent every page thinking to myself, \\"okay, but how do I get around this?\\" until finally I ran out of pages and knew what I had to do.  Now, a year and a half later, I still feel as altered by what I learned as I did when I first read it.  I have challenged most of my friends to read it too.  They all laugh at me.  \\"I would never read something that made me not want to eat meat.\\"  If this is you, don't read this book. If you truly want to know what you are eating and how we treat the animals we make into food, please do. And if you still want to eat meat after knowing what you will learn from these pages, I am sorry.
B001UV4XUG|4.0|An honest look at love.  The tale warns you that it's more about love than your typical love story that Hollywood tends to favor.  The main character is on the dorky side but he has good intentions and spends a good part of his romantic interests believing he can't be happy until he finds true love.  So he latches on to a girl named Summer who doesn't believe in love yet he still feels a connection with her and they get into something of a relationship.  His friends are of little help and pretty useless on dating advice.  Big surprise since they're part of the nerd herd.  Anyway, the main character swings from reality to fantasy and the film crew does a good job showing this, especially when he breaks out into a musical score with people in the park to a split screen that shows expectations vs. reality when he shows up at her party after they have broken up as a pseudo couple.  Nice job showing the highs and lows of the relationship and then the lows after he starts recovering from the break up.  Well, at least Autumn comes after Summer and you'll know what I'm talking about at the end of the picture.  Nice job by the two love interests and a refreshing tale that doesn't follow the cookie cutter formula of love.  CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: B plus to A minus; STORY/PLOTTING: B to B plus; FOCUS ON A DIFFERENT TYPE OF LOVE: B; OVERALL GRADE: B plus; WHEN WATCHED: early March.
B001SMC91M|5.0|Man, this CD hasn't left the car since I purchased it.  It's on my iPod and on my computer at work.  I just can't get enough of Black Joe Lewis and his gutbucket brigade, the Honeybears.  Think James Brown with more energy and a slightly dirtier mind.  Sounds like Stax-era horns and guitar soul with more attitude.<br /><br />The album blasts off with the funky \\"Gunpowder\\" and \\"Sugarfoot\\" before slowing down the pace (but not the intensity!) with \\"I'm Broke\\".  \\"I'm Broke\\" has a building horn part that'll make you shout.  The party keeps on rolling with \\"Big Booty Woman\\" and \\"Boogie\\" before taking a darker turn with \\"Master Sold My Baby\\".  The mood lightens back up with \\"Get Yo [...]\\", coupling some of the funniest damn lyrics I've ever heard with a great guitar chorus.  From there, they head into Booker T territory with the instrumental \\"Humpin'\\".  \\"Bobby Boshay\\" and the James Brownish \\"Please Pt. 2\\" close out the album.<br /><br />If this album has a flaw, it's that it's too doggone short.  I can't wait to hear the next one ([[ASIN:B004K7M71O Scandalous]]) and plan on picking it up the day it hits stores, something I haven't done with a band in ages. Black Joe Lewis is legit!
B00475AYJQ|4.0|Complex, jump around plotting and pacing, which I rarely like but which works this time, and quite satisfactory characterizations, make this a novel worth reading and possibly re-reading just prior to the sequel being published.
031603438X|5.0|I didn't have any specific expectations about the book, Life.  Because Keith is a Rolling Stone, I was pretty sure I would like it.  I learned so much about music, i.e.the guitar, the many different ways of playing it .  I had no idea there was so much to playing a guitar.  Also I learned a lot about song writing and it was cool that Keith didn't know he could write songs until he tried (mostly with Mick). Keith comes across as a person you would love to know. He was grounded in the early part of his life by a loving mother, many aunts and being in the boy scouts.  This early foundation kept him alive regardless of the drugs and drink.      The goodness of Keith comes out loud and clear in the book.  The many facets of his personality are astonishing.  At first I borrowed the book from the library and then I felt that I had to buy it so I could read it again and I wanted it around the house.     There are many interesting things to refer to in the book, other bands, individual rock stars, a little insight into Mick.  You don't have to love rock and roll to enjoy the book but it helps.  I highly recommend it.  By the way I saved about $20 buying the book from Amazon.
1591843790|5.0|Entrepreneurs and visionaries want to make a difference and share their visions of a better (or bettered) world. They want to withstand cynicism, skepticism, and resignation. A modern-day Dale Carnegie, Guy Kawasaki guides you on how to win the hearts of people, build up your influence in both the real and the digital worlds, and become an effective enchanter. In this book, Kawasaki analyzes the mechanisms behind the process of enchantment and guides you in honing your enchantment skills as well as construct your MAGIC, which consists in five key components:     Mastery: If you have ever seen Steve Jobs on stage, you will agree that he is incredible. This is not necessarily because he has the charisma of an actor, but because he is prepared beyond anything you can imagine.   Authority: An enchanter knows what he is talking about; he is competent and strong. He captures the attention of his audience and to instill confidence because of his credibility, knowledge, and moral competence.   Generosity: An enchanter is able to convey a likeable image because his goal is above to give to his audience, and not to find self-validation or to force people to love and admire him/her. Instead, he transfers his own power to his public.   Imagination: An enchanter sees and understands the environment of the people listening to him in order to overcome their reticence or skepticism, and to open their eyes to greater possibilities.   Commitment: Enchantment entails a human relationship, either face to face, or by means of technology. Every enchanter dreams of making a lasting connection, or one whose echo is still present in the people he has reached, either because they still use the product he has showed them years ago, or because they still remember it fondly.    Reality Check was a sequel to The Art of the Start. Enchantment is simultaneously a third installment in the series and a sort of prequel. Honestly, if you have no desire to charm anyone, how are you ever going to successfully start a company? From where will you draw enthusiasm for the day-to-day realities of your corporation if you do not see that you must win over and connect with your employees, co-workers, and clients? If you do not let yourself be won over by them in order to renew your own energy and drive? (For it is as much work to create enchantment in oneself as it is to create it in others!).    Guy Kawasaki knows what he's talking about. He is not a university professor orating conceptually on the art of influence or a psychologist dissecting the behavior of human test subjects, although he does draw from such research. He is a practitioner in the art of enchantment. I first met him in 1986 when he was the Macintosh evangelist. Back then already, I noticed that he had made story-telling an art form, that he  was not trying to impress for the sake of impressing. The focus, although on him, seemed to be guided toward all those who were listening. Real enchanters don't need to impose their power and renown; they own them and keep them through the elegance of their humility. This is this experience that he communicates in Enchantment.
B004MMEIK0|4.0|A good read.  Easy to get hooked into the story.  Likable characters-primary and secondary. Lots of funny lines.  If you're looking for a good story to pass the time and entertain you this is a good choice.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|Very easy to use, carbide slot is for really dull knives. It brings back a rough edge. The ceramic sharpens nicely. This little guy keeps my whole J.A. Henkels collection razor sharp. Be patient and gentle. Great price too.
B004G5ZXVQ|4.0|You have to remember to whom it is that REM music still resonates after these 30 years. And I'd say to a large degree, it's those fans (like me) who remember the day when Rolling Stone magazine called them the greatest American rock band back in 1987. The reason I begin my review this way is that while REM's latest effort, Collapse Into Now, is not going to be a landmark album like 1987's Document was, it is going to be very fondly enjoyed by fans. In my opinion, Collapse Into Now is their best release since New Adventures in Hi-Fi. Where it suceeds the most I think, is that it has a lot to say without saying it to hard. Lyrically, it is less overtly political and thus a more personal statement from Michael Stipe and the guys. The songs \\"Oh My Heart\\" and \\"Walk It Back\\" remind me in their brilliance to old favorites like \\"Electrolite\\" and \\"Strange Currencies\\". There are songs like \\"Alligator_Aviator_Autopilot_Antimatter\\" and \\"Mine Smell Like Honey\\" that have an upbeat tempo that takes you back to their jangly guitar days of the 1980's. Honestly, I don't know if there is a true standout song on this album, but I can say that all of the songs are really good. That's why today's younger audience is not going to be wowed by this (until REM songs start getting performed on Glee!), but fans (the ones to which REM still means something) are going to play this and be pleased. To us, REM is still relevant and has a place in our hearts.
B002ZG993Q|5.0|Unless you want action in the cornball Nick Cage style, you will probably find \\"The American\\" to be very entertaining and brilliant. It is certainly slow-paced, but I think that adds to the intensity.     The characters are real and they are expertly acted. What results is an action/thriller about real people, not some silly blow-up-everything noisefest. I actually didn't know what to expect from the advertising. I think they tried to make it out to be a blockbuster action flick as opposed to the heady piece it really is.    This picture is along the lines of another Clooney film, [[ASIN:B00121QGPY Michael Clayton]]but not quite as intense.    If you watch this pic with an open mind, you should enjoy it thoroughly.
B004G5ZXVQ|3.0|Collapse into Now isn't quite the latterday masterpiece the promotion for this record would have you believe. Over the past decade or so, it seems that every R.E.M. album comes with that kind of anticipation and expectation, with reviewers calling it a \\"return to form\\" only to slam the album when the next is released. Though I've enjoyed each of those albums in its own way, and forgave the faults of each, I confess I'd really love for the band to come out with something on the level of New Adventures in Hi-Fi. (I long ago accepted that they'll never equal their peak of Out of Time and Automatic for the People - after all, who could?)<br /><br />Collapse into Now has the same problem that Accelerate did: the songs tend to remind me of other, better R.E.M. songs. I can hear E-Bow the Letter, Country Feedback, and touches of numerous others in this new batch of songs. It also sounds as though Michael Stipe's voice lacks energy at times, the way he clips his lines short rather than let his voice ring out. When he does sing out, he still sounds great, so it would be great if he did so more often.<br /><br />These criticisms are, I admit, pickiness on my part. I'm still a big fan, and there's a lot of great stuff here. R.E.M. can still write great songs, like \\"Discoverer\\" and \\"Mine Smell Like Honey.\\" Without a doubt, though, my favorite is \\"It Happened Today,\\" which features some fantastic harmonies from Stipe, the always flawless Mike Mills, and guest Eddie Vedder. Overall, I think this album will be seen as a solid effort, continuing R.E.M.'s tendency from Accelerate to look at their past for inspiration, but I don't think it will stand out particularly.
B002N9MK8G|5.0|I recall having this on cassette years ago. Trying to find it as an audio CD was extremely hard. Finally it's here. This is one of my favorite Sinatra CDs. I love the live sound, and it reminds me of that excited feeling when I went to see him in 1979 at the Hartford Civic Center. The days of these singers are gone. Buble is a crappy cop-off, and there's nothing like the originals. Love the Rat Pack too.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This has got to be the best \\"true life adventure\\" type of film ever made.  Not only is the photography of the highest caliber, but the photographers actually put themselves at risk on many occasions.  This one will be tough to beat.
0756404738|5.0|Ahh, if only every stellar original novel was able to be followed up with such an equally stellar sequel.  Rothfuss takes us into different areas of his world and introduces new peoples while also maintaining the storylines we all loved from \\"Name of the Wind\\".  And, in what seems to be the exception these days rather than the norm, this is a 1,000-page novel that is truly a 1,000-page novel, with the pages filled with the densely-packed typeface voracious readers enjoy.
B004PVIDYK|5.0|Have just ordered this.<br />Listened to it over and over on NPR's album listening party.<br />Thoughts: this is a great REM album.<br />This is what you want them to come up with.<br />Soulful, fun, playful and thoughtful. On par with everything from the past.<br />Best lyrics in years.<br />Sound that references the past without becoming a self parody of it. This is no cover band album.<br />I find it amazing when a band can get lost in the wilderness (their last few albums left me cold) circle back and find their 'sound'.<br />Nobody else can do this.  Only them.  If this reminds you of something else they did, it's because the ARE REM!<br />This sound is what they do! This is what they sound like!<br />Excellent album.<br />MP3 version give you two bonus tracks.<br />I opted for the CD because I already know I'm going to be listening to this over and over and really want the best sound.<br />Wish it came on Blu Ray in HD Audio PCM.
B00007FOMP|5.0|If this is not the Greatest Album of all time there are few that can challenge it. The test of a good album is to sell, the test of a great album is to live on and stay fresh and current for years later. Truly one of the most powerful influential albums ever made. Marvin Gaye gives a narration of all of the problems of the early 1970's but it rings just as true 40 years later. Marvin Gaye was tremendously successful after What's Going on? but nothing shows his genius like this one.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|For me this is a great final season. The non-stoppable 24 episodes are full of surprises, action and twisted endings more shocking than before.
B00000F1D3|5.0|My definition of Believe is peace,love,and happiness. I've had Believe since 2000 and 9 of the 10 songs are perfect. Especially Takin' Back My Heart. It sounds very romantic and full of love. We All Sleep Alone sounds very attractive and danceable. Taxi,Taxi sounds like a duplicate of We All Sleep Alone. Runaway is very deep,low, and relaxing-just listen to Cher's voice. Love Is The Groove is very peaceful. Believe,The Power,All Or Nothing,Strong Enough are just full of happiness. Through it all peace,love,and happiness fits Believe perfectly. You go Cher.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|The only thing that I dislike about this book is that I have to wait for who knows how long for the sequel! Honestly, this is a very good read I couldn't put it down, but tried to take my time in order to fully enjoy the story instead of rushing through. I love the attention to detail the imperfect romance, the mystery, and the wine (I felt like I should have had a glass in hand, maybe the next book).
B000002NJS|5.0|There's only 1 word to describe Ray Of Light,Marvelous. For 12 years this album has been apart of me and it's just a fine and stunning piece of work. When I hear the song To Have And Not To Hold I feel like I'm taking a trip flying through the air to paradise. I first heard a sample of that song on VH1's Behind The Music Special about Madonna and I thought what a beat of ecstacy. 12 years ago Frozen was my number one preference. I played it incessantly. I thought it was the best song I ever heard. I don't like it as much as I use to, but i still it with class. The Power Of Good-Bye is very peaceful and the video is truly beautiful. Madonna looks and sounds aesthetic to it. Last but not least so is the beat. Skin is very swift and unique. Also the beat in To Have And Not To Hold sounds very touching to hear. 11 of the 13 songs make Ray Of Light with the album title track one electrifying album. A superb piece of work Madonna.
0756404738|3.0|The Wise Man's Fear is one of the best written books I have had the pleasure of reading.  The prose is witty and personal, the plot is is intriguing and refreshing, and the characters are smart and (for the most part) believable.  Anyone that has read the first book in the series knows what kind of book they can expect.  This book builds on this foundation and expands on it.  I expect many people will read this book and find it to be one of the best they have ever read.    Having said that, I must confess that I did not like reading it.  I thought it was too lewd.    Everyone has a different standard when it comes to how much sexual material is appropriate in a novel like this.  In my case, the line was defiantly crossed.  The protagonist is captured and held against his will by a supernaturally beautiful and seductive faerie (page 631) and spends an unknown period of time ranging from months to a year learning how to better . . . cavort.  He finally is able to leave on page 693.  Even if we skip the pages where the narrative flashes forward, that still leaves over fifty pages where the protagonist does not have any pants on.  There is nothing too explicit, but abstracting out the naughty parts does not make them go away.  This part of the narrative just feels like a sick rape fantasy, and I felt that it could have been trimmed down without losing anything from the real story.    I also have a problem with the desert dwelling warrior race that is good at combat and no taboo on sex or nudity.  (I find such societies unrealistic, cliche, and self indulgent.  For other examples see the Fremen from Dune and the Aiel from the Wheel of Time.)  But compared to the other complaint I have for this book this doesn't matter much.    Like I said earlier, this will be a great book for some.  However, I must review this book based on my own experience with it.  That means that I cannot give it a rating higher then three stars.
1608870081|5.0|This is the best book!!  My daughter and I saw it at Barnes &  Nobles but refused to pay the $35 it costs.  I ordered it immediately when the book went on sale for $11.  It was well worth it and is an excellent 3-D book of the films!!
B004G5ZXVQ|1.0|R.E.M. needs to stop making records, NOW! This is one of their worst, by far. Remember when Michael Stipe used to make fun of over-the-hill musicians? Now he is one. The songs are uninspired, and Stipe is more preening and pretentious than ever. Not even Patti Smith can save this putrid release. I'm not even going to sell it as I don't want to inflict that torture on any real music fan. I was one of the early R.E.M. fans and bought the Hib-Tone \\"Radio Free Europe\\" single back in the day, and have remained a fan, until the previous album, and this one. See ya.
0756404738|5.0|It is as good if not better than the first, simply said. No other story out there in the epic fantasy genre can compete with this first person narrative style. I feel as if ive known Kvothe all my life. Slighty irritated at the lack of world building depth, but just slightly. I know reviews are opinions, but anybody who gives this less than a 5-star didn't read the same story I did.
B004R0YTHY|4.0|Just a thought or perhaps my two cents. It really is a shame they are putting the ka-bash on the show. True it was a slow start, but I really think their intentions were to take their time on letting us know the actors one by one. The show has evolved into something so much more now. So far from the original SGU's. I for one really have enjoyed what is and continues to become. They are displaying cohesiveness and a sense of collective synergy. I for one applaud what it has become and to take the chance to become something different. To all the people at the show, the writers and the supportive fans. I for one hope their is a movie continuation.      P.S. Remember what they say about the misfits and the round pegs in a square whole. They can call us crazy and call us names, but it's \\" the crazy ones\\" that do change things in a world that is begging for change.
030746363X|1.0|Like many others, I ran out & bought this book after I saw him on Dr. Oz.  Everyone in my household has been trying the diet for over a month now, no one with any significant weight loss or change in inches.  Though he says it's not difficult to follow, if you're someone who has a life that doesn't involve documenting your lifestyle & weight loss techniques, it's really a pain in the butt.  It's easy to get discouraged, especially when you're already feeling guilty on your binge day, then forget to drink your grapefruit juice or do squats within the amount of time he says.  I've lost 30 pounds doing the Atkins Diet, & will go back to the Atkins Diet, the 4 Hour Body isn't for me (or my family).  And, the incredible sex section is way over-rated...if guys haven't figured out this stuff by now, they never will.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|This is such a classic movie! Love the movie, the characters, the clothes and the outcome! I have watched it many times and can't wait to see it again!
B002UBRFDC|5.0|I've noticed people have said most everything there is to say about this book. So, I'll just touch on a few key points.    --This was a really, really good read that I will definitely be revisiting.  --I never liked Japan before. I wouldn't say I'm a fanatic but I appreciate the culture now.  --I love how lovingly he depicted ancient Japan.  --His descriptions and characterization are spot on fantastic.  --I truly must admit that I envy this man's ability to plot out a book. The levels of deception and honor and just the intricacies of every move are incredible.  --Sometimes the by-the-book romance feels... abrupt. There were times of \\"pillowing\\" where I had to flip back and re-read because it happened REALLY suddenly.  --The end is also a bit sudden/feels a bit rushed, which you automatically hate because, well, you're really invested in and love the book by that point!
B003539QKO|1.0|Yet another abomination by the pop rapper Lil Wayne. This is kiddie rap, mainstream filth for the masses of morons.
1591843790|5.0|I thought I've already seen the best of what Guy Kawasaki can write in his book Reality Check but Enchantment really takes his game to the next level.  Enchantment is one of the best books on leadership, management, and life that I've read.  Guy Kawasaki has helped a lot of individuals and organizations build their brands, and in Enchantment, he shows us how. You can see his passion in this book.  I particularly liked the fact that he started with a story that was set in the Philippines.<br /><br />Congrats!
B00127RAJY|5.0|Great video! It is a tough workout but I am glad I can do it in the comfort of my own home. Highly recommended!
B002ODEJYE|5.0|This chick is amazing in more ways than I can count , say out loud , or explain, she's crazy and will do anything ..and does it better than most !!
1589269071|1.0|I bought this thinking it would work on a regular automotive CD player. Nope.  Now I have an opened MP3 disk with no way to return it.  I will attempt to re-sell on Amazon or Ebay.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Love this movie... Great family animation. My son and I watched it 3 times the very afternoon we received it! Great price. Received it in 3 shorts days all the way to Hawaii!
B000059HAI|5.0|After visiting Pearl Harbor, we couldn't wait to see this movie classic again.  We found it based on historical fact although it is fictionalized.  This is a classic and I'm glad we have it in our library.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Running idle temperatures 20*C cpu - 28*C System  I put this cooler on a new build    antec titan 650 case  650W antec tripower PSU  amd phenom 2 X6 1055t - auto overclock using software  msi micro-atx board  4 gb gskill ddr3 - 1600  cooler master CPU cooler w/arctic silver 5 thermal grease  raptor 60gb 10,000rpm hard drive - boot drive  1 tb seagate - data drive  LG dvd-rw drive  120mm rear fan  running windows xp pro now   upgrading to windows 7 64bit soon
B002MQYOFW|4.0|This was entertaining enough but I didn't realize that it was a teen novel.  I'm uncertain how to rate it. If I was 15 I would probably give it 5 stars but the writing won't quite cut it for most adult readers. I'm giving it 4 stars as a compromise since I'm not the target audience. It was compelling enough that I did finish it though.
0618680004|1.0|Dawkins is a self promoting ego maniacal Reptile and essentially admits to it in this expose of his anger towards those that believe in a Creator. Needless to say he walks in Darkness at noon-day and he will inherit the type of reward that he desires ie., a World without a Merciful God.    He reveals his further lack of character in the movie \\"Expelled\\" where he continues his rant and spews forth his disdain and temerity towards those who believe in a higher power. Shamelessly; he teaches the philosophies of men as his Religion and under these tainted assertions he worships at the altar of Secular Humanism.    If you decide to buy this book I highly recommend that you purchase a used version so as not to line his pockets with your hard earned cash! The only Delusion here is this Man's high opinion of himself, truly he is a miserable specimen of humanity...
B004BLJQOK|4.0|I am a big fan of \\"Let the Right One In,\\" the original Swedish movie, but I thoroughly enjoyed this English language remake. Both films are beautifully made and well-acted, both are horrifying, and both are tragic with (as one reviewer said) the saddest happy ending ever.<br /><br />The traditional vampire is a bloodsucking demon who is living out his eternal death through murder. If you like the newer, prettier version of vampirism, you may be disappointed by Abby. She is feral and freaky, compelling and repellent at the same time. Her foulness makes the question of who she ensnares that much more fascinating; who can find beauty in something so horrific?<br /><br />For answers, watch Owen, the spindly little boy at the heart of this dark and hopeless love story. He is lost, afraid and isolated, and at heart he is absolutely furious. Other reviewers have pointed out that the movies are more about alienation and desperation than anything else, and they are right. Both movies have their strengths, and their areas in which they are truer to the orginal book. You don't have to choose. Watch them both.
B004G5ZXVQ|4.0|Remember when REM made Monster in an attempt to sound vital and shake off the mandolin malaise of the previous albums? At the time it was probably a necessary break for the band, despite the mixed results and sounding like they were trying too hard to rock out. Luckily, at that time, they settled back in their comfortable skin and made one of their best albums \\"New Adventures in Hi-Fi\\" combining REM's newer sound with the folkier elements that they do best.      Well, 15 years later, they've done it again. I enjoyed Accelerate for the mere fact that \\"MY GOD, REM has a PULSE AGAIN!\\" Like Monster, however, REM wears the full tilt rock band clothes uncomfortably (and with the guys in their 50's its even more uncomfortable). I thought for about half of Accelerate they nailed it perfectly, but the rest was forgettable and again, REM just trying too hard to prove something. Now they've taken the best elements from Accelerate, added the folkier elements of mandolin and piano to make a better album that more appropriately defines REM.      Collapse Into Now, kicks off right where Accelerate left off with \\"Discoverer\\" (a truly great REM rock song) and \\"All the Best.\\" From there, it shifts gears into more typical REM midtempo mandolin/acoustic inflected territory with Uberlin, Oh My Heart and It Happened Today. All enjoyable songs that still maintain a viable energy largely absent on Up, Reveal and Around the Sun. Especially \\"It Happened Today\\" with its strong and much missed dose of high harmonies from Mike Mills, Stipe and even Eddie Vedder. \\"Every Day is Yours to Win\\" is just OK as a slower number that respectably closes out the first half of the album before revving up with the catchy rocker \\"Mine Smell Like Honey\\" (funny that with older bands you still get a clear sense of a \\"Side 1 and Side 2\\"). \\"Walk it Back\\" is a lovely piano based ballad in the vein of Nightswimming or Electrolite.  Albeit not as good, but it holds its own, has a great message and could really grow on fans. The next two tracks are back in \\"Accelerate\\" mode. They both operate more or less as \\"good filler\\" rock songs that operate to keep the album as a whole more upbeat and rock oriented. However, I think they're both better, more fun and far catchier than anything on the last half of Accelerate. \\"Me, Marlon Brando..\\" is one that still needs a few listens to see how well I like it. I'm trying to figure out if its as interesting as the title would suggest. Regardless, its an enjoyable enough song. Finally, Blue does a brilliant job of closing out the album. It truly is a kind of \\"Frankenstein\\" of several earlier REM songs (intentionally or not?), but they pull it off really well making it all edgy enough, cool and fresh again. Which pretty much reflects the album as a whole. Sure its a lot of the same sounds we've heard from REM before and done better, but it still sounds great and vital once again. IMO, New Adventures in Hi-Fi was an instant classic REM album that was woefully underrated at the time. Collapse into Now maybe somewhat overrated as a true \\"return to form\\" but what the hell, they've come a loooong ways and deserve it.      P.S: My biggest beef with this album is definitely the production quality.  You know the sound of earphones BEFORE you actually put them on your ears and its all high pitched crackly noise?! That's what this whole album sounds like! It's OK if its already a loud rocker, but the other songs could have sounded so much better if they were allowed some space, depth and dynamics to give them a warmer richer quality. REM albums were notoriously great sounding records. Bring back Scott Litt!! Stop using producer's that Bono thinks are cool for a day!
B0046UGSNS|1.0|My review title says it all. Life is very messy. The gay moms is totally all right with me. We are a product of our heritage and environment. This said, I felt horrible for the kids dad who was invited into their lives. I felt no sympathy for the moms. Kids are kids and all they knew was a life with the moms. No, the kids are not all right, ultimately.
B000TNQCPU|4.0|This applies to the CD numbered: 9 60737-2.    The following note is provided on the CD cover: \\"The music on this Compact Disc was originally recorded on analog equipment.  We have attempted to preserve, as closely as possible, the sound of the original recording....\\"    Song list:  1. The Kiss  2. Catch  3. Torture  4. If Only Tonight We Could Sleep  5. Why Can't I Be You?  6. How Beautiful You Are  7. The Snakepit  8. Just Like Heaven  9. All I Want  10. Hot Hot Hot !!!  11. One More Time  12. Like Cockatoos  13. Icing Sugar  14. The Perfect Girl  15. A Thousand Hours  16. Shiver and Shake  17. Fight
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Highly recommend!   Installation is not difficult, especially after watching youtube install video.  I used Arctic 5 silver paste, applied to the base of the cooler. Make sure to spread paste into thin layer and fill all space around heat pipes on the base.  It works great, no noise under 75% speed with 2 fans and awesome for overclocking (I'm using speedfan program to control fans). I got i5-750 overclocked to 3.92GHz with Vcore 1.32 and temp up to 79c under Intel Burn stress test program (Prime95 is low 70s). At the end I changed to \\"Turbo\\" mode overclocking for power saving reasons and using it with 3.8GHz on 4 cores and 4.3GHz on 2 cores with temperatures under 70s. You can go higher frequency, but I want my CPU to stay cool under any stress. Don't forget that your millage may very, depends on the motherboard, cpu and memory.
0060989157|5.0|I read this book after reading Vince Neil's Tatoos and Tequila. He kept mentioning this book in his book, so I was curious, and bought this as soon as I finished that. As a huge fan of M&ouml;tley Cr&uuml;e in the late 80's and early 90's, I really wanted to know more about the breakup, and a lot of the inside information this book offered. I loved the different perspectives of the important people involved with M&ouml;tley Cr&uuml;e(similar to Vince Neil's book).  I was glad Nikki Sixx had a lot of input, he came out looking the best, to me after reading this. I knew nothing of his childhood. I appreciated his version of Vince Neil not being in the band, and in hind-sight, how they may have used him as a scapegoat for everything that was wrong with them at that time. Also that he was the only one to try to truly make amends with Vince.  Vince Neil came across as bitter, but with good reason.  It was so sad reading about the death of his daughter.  Tommy did come across as a spoiled selfish jerk, which I began to notice about him in the mid to late nineties, during various interviews. As for Mick Mars, I feel that I got more than what I wanted to know about him.  He has always been the quiet one, and the other three all had such loud personalities.  This book was a great read...
B004G6009U|3.0|Wonderful movie. Only 3 stars for video because Disney does not include a \\"digital version\\" in the combo pack. It can't be played on an IPad or other notebook device. Booh!
B003ES5ZPK|5.0|Very flexible, very sturdy, very handy... I am pleased with this little tool. Just enabled me to use an HDMI port which was previosly unavailable to me because of cramped space. Excellent.
0756404738|5.0|If you have read and loved The Name of the Wind, then all you need to know about The Wise Man's Fear is that it is what it needs to be. Any more time you spend reading this review is wasted when you could be buying and reading WMF.      If you have not read NotW, go read it. And then read this.     This is not a sequel. It is a continuation. Most sequels aren't as good as the first book, or they are... somehow different. Or they are missing bits and pieces and... you know how it goes. WMF is not a sequel. It's as simple and easy to transition from NotW to WMF as if Kvothe had stepped out of the room a few moments ago to get a drink of water in the midst of telling his story, and now he has returned and started to speak again. The candlelight dims, the edges of your vision fade as you start to see times and places far from the Waystone...     I laughed. Loudly, often, and for more than a few token moments. I hurt. I went back and reread NotW for the sheer pleasure of it. There is no cliffhanger; WMF ends on an inhale, leaves you in the comfortable space between one breath and the next, holding time still until you can pick up the last piece of the story.    There is a place in the book where I felt sharply disoriented, staring, blinking at the story, saying, in effect, \\"Whuh?\\" But that faded, was woven back into the novel, and made well.    This is a series for those who enjoy slow, subtle tellings and beautiful language. Savor it.
B002N4DZ2G|2.0|Just what in the heck did EMI do to Giulini's wonderful recording? If you own the original CD issue, play it with the speakers inside plastic garbage bags. Then you'll in essence be listening to this 2002 digital remastering disaster. The entire purpose of any re-release is to update - and improve - a recording using the latest remastering technology. But this? This is trash. My recommendation: Sing your favorite arias from Don Giovanni while taking a shower. The acoustics are bound to be better.
B00005214X|4.0|Yes, the sound is a bit crisper now, and certainly the `freshening up' of `My Sweet Lord' is a worthy variation on the song. The other bonus tracks are perhaps not worth more than a few listens. Despite Killer Phil's lapses into over-production, there are enough great well-produced tracks here to vault George as songwriter into the same exalted niche occupied by John and Paul. Of course, you could argue that `Something' and `Here Comes the Sun' had done that already.  But even George later admitted that, yeah, maybe he should have chucked a handful of these tracks to make a better record. I would go further. Take only the best of all George's tracks for a given era, do like wise for John, Paul and Ringo, and then alternate them in Beatles format. You wind up with a far more palatable way of listening to the post1960s Beatles. And the resulting albums might even approximate how the Beatles would have sounded had they persisted beyond early 1970. Persisted, that is, as a more `conceptual' band that only sometimes recorded with more than one Beatle pesent on any given track. As had been the case for much of the `White Album'.
B001CDWFPC|5.0|There are explicit instructions to get to the individual scriptures and shortcuts as well as a good table of contents to get to anything you want in this bible. What is necessary to do in the very beginning of this bible is to learn the two or three leter abbreviations for each book of this bible. After studying the instructions and learning the abbreviations it is a breeze to navigate. The instructions are a must. If you do not read \\"How to use this Bible on Kindle, the tricks of the text will be hidden from you. It is no more difficult than the easiest video game I have ever used.  If you do your homework, it is a good choice for the Kindle version. The charts were a disappointment because they are not programmed for the Kindle, but there are websites you can go to for them. The difference in price is more than compensorate and the lack of girth in the book makes it easy to carry anywhere I go. I Love this Bible!
B000VS6QRC|5.0|Hey, brother! Dig it! This is one outasight record, man! Awesome sound quality and a great performance by the greatest guitarist to walk the earth at one groovy festival. Jimi seems a little nervous as this was one of his first big appearances to an American audience, but he performs well. Definitely worth getting. Peace & Love.
0307454541|5.0|This novel was very much unexpectedly great. It was not just good, it was great. I do not normally read the book descriptions or the back of a book when I buy them. When you do that you have expectations of how you think a novel will be and when you read the description and it is not the way you thought it would be, it is kind of a let down. I also did not read the description on this book either, but seeing how everyone was raving about how good this book was I decided to read it. I don't know what kind of book I thought this would be, but it was exceedingly better than I thought it was going to be. The mystery in this novel was very captivating and held my interest so much so that I had a hard time putting this book down. It was a little boring in the beginning because it talked a lot about big time company businesses and how this journalist got in trouble for writting about them in a magazine. So, when I started this novel I said to myself \\"people are loving THIS?\\" However, after the first two chapters it got very interesting. I also was unsure if I wanted to read this story and get attached to it because the ending of the story is gone, but I can asure you that at least in the first book the story does not leave you hanging. I thought that you wouldn't find out the ending to any problem or mystery in this book because there was more to follow. I can not wait to read the next book!<br /><br />The only advice I can give to anyone about to purchase this book, is that this novel is based in Sweden and is a foreign novel. I know that many of you probably assumed that, but that would have been a nice little bit of information that I would have liked to know. It really doesn't matter that it was based in Sweden or that it is a foreign based novel because it was still great and had nothing to do with how good or not the novel is, but it was just unexpected. The other thing that I would have liked to know is that there is very strong sexual violence in this novel. Again this does not make the novel bad in my eyes, but for others that don't like reading novels with things like that in it, I would advise you not to read this novel. There are very few parts of sexual violence in this novel, but the few parts are hard to read. However, it does make you have even stronger emotions for this novel and the characters.<br /><br />Hope you love it as much as I did. Great read!<br /><br />[[ASIN:0307454541 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo]]es not make the novel bad in my eyes, but for others that don't like reading novels with things like that in it, I would advise you not to read this novel. There are very few parts of sexual violence in this novel, but the few parts are hard to read. However, it does make you have even stronger emotions for this novel and the characters.     Hope you love it as much as I did. Great read!    [[ASIN:0307454541 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo]]
0547338023|1.0|The beauty of the original tale lay in its simplicity....including the simplicity of the original illustrations and line drawings set forth so the reader can use their own imagination. Why do people feel the need to tamper with perfection? This adaptation (ruination) of the original says it has the blessing of the Saint-Exupery family...to the tune of how much money???   If you have continually low expectations of your audience, it is easy for authors/illustrators/publishers to meet them and this book is a good example of how far they have fallen. Even the artwork looks like something off the Cartoon Network.
B000022TSW|4.0|I purchased this Dvd 2 months ago for my Husband's birthday. I havent watched South Park in years, and I havent seen this movie since it was first released, but I know it's funny, and he enjoyed it. I think it was worth what I paid for it though.
B004856SQ8|5.0|TV show brought to life on the big screen. I saw this when it first came out and loved it. Liam Neeson, Bradley Cooper and a host of other actors make this movie. Here, the A-team are put on trile for a crime they didn't commit and they ascape to clear their name. This has everything, Action, comedy and drama.
B003UBTX7C|1.0|B O R R I N G!  I went more than 1/2 way and couldn't take it anymore. Don't waste your time.
B000W03RHQ|5.0|Just got the CD (a day early in fact, FedEx SmartPost sure got their act together), and a great addition to my collection! Must admit that this sounds infinitely better if your using high quality speakers/and or earbuds. Live on Nightwish!
B000L3CHC0|5.0|This was a 30th birthday present for my boyfriend...he absolutely loves it! He can't stop showing it off and talking about it. I have read about people saying that the watch is a fake or a replica...this was definately the real deal. Do not believe those people out there claiming the watch is fake. The watch came in a very nice original Tissot box with booklets and manuals. It is a very classy, heavy duty, stunning watch and looks more expensive than what it is. Easily on par with the best watch brands out there and I highly recommend Tissot and this watch for any man. My boyfriend loves watches so this was the perfect gift. It came 2 days after I placed the order, very fast shipping. Could not have asked for an easier, faster and better experience. Thanks Amazon!!
B004FGMV0W|5.0|At first I was disappointed with this album but it really grows on you. It shows how much Avril has really matured in her life and song writing. I think it is her one of her best albums. Good-bye and I Love You are great and I think it shows how much she has grown up. We can't expect the same type of music from an artist. It is different so don't compare it to her previous albums.
B003EI2EH2|4.0|I agree with a lot of the reviewers who have problems with his scientific method. He makes a lot of mentions of doing more than one experiment simultaneously and I feel he does not have an adequate control group, and is not aware of all of the variables at work.<br /><br />However, I do enjoy The 4-Hour Body. It has a lot of interesting ideas and I'm trying a few of them. As someone who is relatively new to actively building muscle mass, this book has a lot of great information and a lot of good sources to go to outside of the book. I think one of its strengths is just the number of external sources Tim points the reader to.<br /><br />Tim makes it clear that this book is a culmination of experiments he has undertaken on himself, and I think that is something to be admired and to keep in mind while reading. I think both the reader and Tim have something to gain from The 4-Hour Body.<br /><br />I won't review all of the book, since it's really big. But this is my two cents.
B003QTBT5C|5.0|Every CD I buy from this band is wonderful.  From the first Metallica cover I heard from them to this latest albumn has been awesome....and I do me that awe inspiring. They are a band in their own right and should be honored as such.     PLEASE PLEAS CONTINUE TO MAKE AWESOME MUSIC!!!!!
B004FGMV0W|5.0|I haven't written a review in a long time, but felt I had to balance out the negative reviews here.    Avril does perfect pop/rock. She has a knack for the sweetest hooks, even in her most edgy tracks. Sure she curses more than necessary, but it's really the way her generation speaks (she's not much older than my daughter). I don't believe it's gratuitous.    Sure, there are many acoustically influenced tracks, but there isn't a single weak track on the album. And I really don't believe that this is an \\"acoustic\\" album. It's a solid pop/rock album. People are just comparing this to her previous album, which was very bouncy and a lot of fun (and at times, annoyingly so). I feel this is a good balance of the \\"real\\" Avril, especially at this point of her life and career.    When I first heard \\"What the Hell,\\" I thought, \\"WTH -- this is just a retread of 'The Best Damn Thing.'\\" But it grew on me a lot, and I love it now. And if anyone is missing BDT, \\"Smile\\" also fits in that style, and is still a great song as well. And I just love the extended version of \\"Alice.\\" Also not acoustic, and different from anything else on the album.    Sure, she sticks with the same chord progression on several of her songs, and lyrics are far from her strong point. But Avril is a guilty pleasure, and I really don't feel that guilty for admitting that I love her music -- especially this album.
1932100660|4.0|I think the book is correct but this type of strict diet is so hard to follow in our society.  Terrible food options are all around us, and vegan options are limited.  I'm not a good cook and things get old.  I don't care what anyone says its almost impossible unless you stay at home and don't eat out.  I was vegan for almost a year, originally because I was nursing and found out my son had several allergies (eggs, dairy, peanuts) so once I started the diet I decided why not become vegan and cut out meat too.  As I am a healthy 28 year old, the only obvious affects were crazy weight loss, and no I have always been slim by americans standards (size 6 max, 130lbs).    The diet was easy to do at the time because my son was so sick (terrible rashes all over his body.)  Anyway, I lost my 30 lbs pregnancy weight AND 20 more lbs.  I weighed 113 and I'm 5'5''.  As a 28 year old woman, I could pass as a high school student.  I could wear size 2 skinny jeans.   I ate TONS of vegetables, fruits and grains because that is all I could eat.  It didn't crave food after the initial week because honestly i didn't look forward to eating.  The meals didn't miraculously start tasting better (but the bad foods tasted horrible when I went back to the western diet!).  I did not count calories, and like the author said, I did eat more than most Americans.  Some friends thought I was becoming anorexic, even my own mother, despite the fact I was eating so much.  The first week of the diet I went through severe dairy withdraws but it was okay after that.  I also got the flu for 3 days (probably detoxing) but didn't get sick since.    Anyway, after I stopped nursing I stopped the vegan diet.  I have tried several times to go back to it, but I haven't been able to stick with it entirely.  I shop at whole foods and its still very difficult because I like to go out and be social.  You begin to notice that 99% of food options at restaurants have dairy and meat.      MY VEGAN SIDE EFFECTS: As I didn't have any chronic illness or blood work done, this is the only side effects I can note:  Crazy weight loss, Illness free (after detox phase is over),  Whiter teeth.  People thinking you are anorexic.  No drops in energy after eating meat but no energy increases.    My blood pressure was already 90 over 60.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I know others have given this CD in-depth reviews, so I will simply say it's awesome and you should buy it.
B000002MTR|3.0|This is the best band still grooving... unfortunately, this album is lacking. To preface, I love BSSM, Mother's Milk, Californication, By The Way, and Stadium Arcadium. This one isn't their best work but that doesn't mean there aren't some gems. I truly enjoy jamming to \\"Walkabout,\\" it is the only real groovy song on this album, imho. It seems like Anthony and Flea are just chilling out on a couch, prob smoking a little, still somewhat coherant, and this is what is produced. A real easy going, laid back tune. \\"Aeroplane\\" and \\"My Friends\\" add a little depth to it, but that's really about it for me. Then I'm sure they hit the drugs a little harder and the rest of the album is produced. Not their best effort.    If you're looking for some good Chilis music, try Californication or BSSM. Cali is their Masterpiece (minus Porcelain) and BSSM is a classic.
1591843790|5.0|Enchantment is an amazing book, with real life examples and beast practices explaining step-by-step: What really Enchanting means! And why should you care. And how can you be Enchanting.    I have read it again and again and hoping to practice a bit of it in my life. Thanks Guy, for such extraordinary book. It has opened my hearts, minds and souls with call-to-action to become more enchanting by the day.    This is sure to benefit any-one who reads, and is a MUST have in your library of inspirational and transformational magnum opus!
0756404738|4.0|I was as happy with this novel as the first, but (as others have pointed out) the pacing was entirely different. Even with the slower pacing, the novel sucked me in. Under any other writer, the passages chasing bandits or amongst the Adem would have been grueling. The meter and tone of dialogue (especially with Denna in the final passages) was spot on and some of the best artistry I have witnessed in some time.
0553062182|5.0|This book is a life changer for those who are highly sensitive.  It teaches you every aspect of what it means to be highly sensitive, both physically and psychologically, and how you can balance out your life by recognizing your sensitivities.
1439107955|5.0|There is little I can add to the reviews which have already been posted, but I write solely to say that this book is one of the most informative books I have ever read. Detail-wise:    Negatives:  It could have been slightly better edited.  Keeping track of all the individuals involved is very complicated.  Keeping track of all of the stories is very complicated.  There is no coherent pattern how the book shifts between story lines.     Positives:  A lack of coherent pattern to story shifting works (yes, it involves mental energy, but it doesn't materially detract from the book).  The book is incredibly informative. One previous reviewer likened it to Moby Dick (any great piece of literature works) and I agree. The book gives you history, science, anecdote, statistic, personal feeling -- in short, a complete picture of cancer.  The book is written to be understood. Despite jumping from one field to the next, and especially in the science fields, everything was written to be understood by someone with little to no background in oncology.
1433502453|4.0|Content is great, of course. But mine came with a fold/crease among many of the pages in the middle of the bible.     Also, it's supposed to come with a card that gives you registration codes to access Crossway's ESV online study bible, but mine did not come with this card. I emailed them and they sent me new codes, so it wasn't a big deal.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|The movie is great and i really like the package also, this is a collectors edition any fan would want to have, the bonus features are great and all I can say is this deleted scenes should have never been deleted
1439181780|5.0|This book is a compliment to \\"The Secret\\", but stands well on its own!  This is so well done, with amazing layouts, quotes, appropriate and complimentary art work, and ending each chapter with key chapter points! An absolutely positively loving and spiritually enlightening work!
1583762027|4.0|This book is recommended, though it probably won't tell you much that you already did not know.  Definitely use his advice.    In a nutshell, these are the 21 principles he writes about.    1.  Set the table.  Decide exactly what you want.  Clarity is essential.  Write down your  goals before you begin.  2.  Plan everyday in advance.  Think on paper.  Planning saves time.    3.  Apply the 80-20 rule to everything you do.  80% of your productivity comes from 20% of what you do, and vice-versa.  Focus on the important 20%.  4.  Consider the consequences, both positive and negative of what you do.  Focus on your most important actions above all else.  5.  Practice the ABCDE method.  A tasks are most important.  B tasks are somewhat important.  C tasks are relatively less important.  D tasks you can delegate.  E tasks you can eliminate.  6.  Focus on the key areas you want results in and work on that all day long.  7.  Obey the law of forced efficiency.  There is never enough time to do everything but always enough to do the most important things.  8.  Prepare before you begin.  Proper prior preparation prevents poor performance.  9.  Do your \\"homework\\".  The more knowledgeable you are about the tasks you are about to do, the sooner you start them and the sooner you finish them.  10. Understand what you are individually good at, put your whole heart into it, and do those things very well.  11. Identify the constraints that prevent you from pursuing your goals and overcome them.  12. Take things one step at a time.  13. Put the pressure on yourself.  Act as if you had to complete all your tasks in a shorter period of time.  14. Maximize your personal power.  Find out the times of the day that you are most productive and schedule your important tasks around them.  Get a lot of sleep so you can perform well.  15. Motivate yourself to action.  Be an optimist.  Focus on the solution instead of the problem.  16. Practice \\"creative procrastination\\".  Learn to procrastinate byputting off unimportant tasks to do more important tasks.  17. Do your most difficult task first.  Begin each day with your most important task.  18. Slice and dice the task.  Break large tasks into bite size pieces and start with a small size piece first.  19. Have large blocks of time in your day so you can focus on important tasks for extended periods of time.  20. Develop a sense of urgency.  Make a habit of moving fast on your key tasks.  21. Single handle every task.  Set clear priorities.  Work without stopping until the job is done.  Practice these everyday until it becomes a habit.    These principles briefly sum up the book.  It was a good read, but you don't need to read a book on procrastinating to stop procrastinating.
B000H5U832|5.0|I love this movie! I bought it for my 2 yearold son's birthday, he loves cars! I had already given him the Cars set for Christmas and thought he would love the movie too! It is a bit long (2hrs) for little ones, but it is a wonderful addition to your Disney collection!
B000LVFDOG|5.0|For crying out loud, just release the dang thing in the United States, if you please!!  We've got \\"The Bionic Woman\\" FINALLY released on DVD.  Now...bring us the show that started it all!  I LOVED this series as a kid and just want to watch it again and again.  Give it to us already!  Sheesh!
0375842209|5.0|\\"The Book Thief\\" is a fantastic book, beautifully and creatively written, about a story balanced by dramatic highs and lows.  From the plot, to the narrator, to the themes, this book is clever and insightful towards humanity.  I was touched, laughing and crying throughout.
0316010669|4.0|My brother had told me about this book and some of the social experiments that were talked about in it.  I thought it sounded pretty interesting, so I bought it.  Now, I'm not quite finished with it as of yet, but I'm really into it.  It helps you think more about smaller things and pay more attention to things you normally wouldn't.  I recommend it.
0061537969|5.0|If you read only one book this year, read \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\".  I have to admit to being dubious about this book when I picked it up but the memory of it haunts me.  It is truly and amazing and wonderful book.  It has amazing heart and an unique perspective; definitely original.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
B003R4ZMJU|5.0|I didnt get to see really any of season 1 but so far through season 2 i have become TOTALLY ADDICTED to this show!!!!\\"it's like my own special drug that i just CANT GET ENOUGH OF\\"!!!! lol, its ssooooooo hard to wait every week for the newest episode to come on.. i have every 1 recorded on my dvr... i get so lost in the show i have no clue whats going on around me at times.. ITS GREAT!!!
B002ZG99NG|5.0|All jokes aside, it looks like Ben Afflack has grown up, all those years in front of the camera has produced a first rate director. He was paying attention to more then his lines in the movies he was in and it shows. This is a first rate, well thought out movie that combines a life of crime with a love story that leaves you with that sick feeling that something is going to go horribly wrong at the end of the movie. You care about the characters, a sign that the everyone is doing their job from the screen writer to the director to the cast.  You are on that roller coaster with Ben's character, and you want him to get off, but don't know if he can. When I got Johnny Depp's Public Enemy, this was the type of movie I was expecting, but unfortunately didn't get. Great movie, great quality BD. Great movie, Picture quality is first rate as is the audio. Lots of extras that go into the background of the area in relation to the story and how the movie was made. Great how they used lots of locals. Smart move, they know what's real and what's not. BD Live is also included and Warner's, to me, is the best. Be registering with their program on the disc, it keeps track of my purchases and they now send me emails about free screens of current releases in my ares. And the Combo pack is the way ALL BD releases should have as an option in this transition period of media formats. But anyway, when they say a movie has \\"high production values\\" its the highest honor and I think this film deserves that description.
1594202842|2.0|I am from Taiwan. I spent the weekend to read two books. One is Amy Chua's \\"Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother\\" in English and the other one is \\"Thank you, my son---A father's regret\\" in Chinese by Mr. Jing who is also a professor in Taiwan. The latter story is sad that Mr. Jing exercised a strict parenting in his family and insulted his elder son on his bad grades like Amy Chua did. The pain actually rooted in the son's heart. Then, when the son was 24 years old and left Taiwan in 2007, he emailed to his family not to email him or call him anymore. In short, he decided to disconnect his family since he cannot bear the words of killing his self-esteem from his family members who love him most and hurt him most.   I also googled some comments in Chinese to understand how most Chinese in the USA, Taiwan and China to think about Chua's book. Well, most disagreed her parenting by scolding children and overemphasizing the academic/musical performance but some agreed in some ways. Thus, I highly doubted why the author could refer the so-called \\"Chinese parenting\\" which more than 50% or much more of modern Chinese do not agree with. Also, I am suspicious when reading \\"...  In one study of 50 Western American mothers and 48 Chinese immigrant mothers, almost 70% of the Western mothers said either that \\"stressing academic success is not good for children\\" or that \\"parents need to foster the idea that learning is fun.\\" By contrast, roughly 0% of the Chinese mothers felt the same way. \\" . Maybe the statistic needs more samples to make it more convincing.   Based on my personal experience, I think the following should be noted:  1. I think her daughters' success (if it can be defined so) actually is based on the \\"deliberate practice\\" which Geoff Colvin mentioned in the book of \\"Talent is overrated\\". However, Amy Chua seems to conclude the success is attributed to her Chinese parenting by forcing, threatening and ordering her daughters to make it. I think the conclusion is misled since I have seen my friends adopted different ways to successfully raise their children.  In some ways, I have to admit Chua's way probably works well when the child is young or she/he is obedient. Then, what would happen when the child becomes 14 or older or if the child refuses to follow like her younger daughter did? The result might lead the child go to the other extreme, including hurting oneself or disconnecting the family afterwards.  I personally think that the child has to find his/her inner voice to tell oneself \\"I want to do it\\". Otherwise, the prodigy's success is temporary.   2. Some values discussed in this book are still commonly believed by most Chinese but depend on \\"how\\" the parents convey them to their children. Chinese are smart learners and have been evolving in parenting. In some ways, we actually adopt the western baptism in education. For example, in Taiwan, there are many parenting books translated from American writers and many educators advocate that parents should encourage children in more healthy ways, not by insulting children. In the meantime, we'll still tell children the Chinese old sayings, such as \\"Bitterness first and sweetness later.\\"; \\"Eating bitterness is eating nutrition.\\"  and \\"Hard-working in necessary to succeed.\\" We also emphasize to respect parents and teachers as well as show empathy or sympathy to people. Thus, I will remind my child like Amy Chua did when her daughter made fun of someone's foreign accent. To me, the moral deviation is even worse than the grade of C or D.  3. Do Chinese pay a lot of attention to academic performance? Yes, for Chinese in Taiwan, China and the USA. However, the phenomenon has its historical reasons. Since Sui Dynasty and Tang Dynasty around AD 605, the so-called \\"Imperial examination\\" has been established to select the best administrative officials for the state's bureaucracy. Nowadays, we abandoned the imperial system but use the \\"examination system\\" for students to get into colleges inTaiwan and mainland China. Thus, those students with high academic performance always win praise from parents, relatives and the society. People in Taiwan and China prefer the examination system to the \\"application system\\" in the USA. The students in Peking University in China or Taiwan University in Taiwan are treated as gifted elites with good future. This is the only way for children in poor families to succeed and stand out in past decades. The belief is hard to get rid of. Nonetheless, many Chinese in the USA who are scholars or professionals actually were the winners of the examination system. I personally think that's the reason why the Chinese in the USA even push their children harder than those in Taiwan. Actually Chinese parents in Taiwan have seen more children successful in different areas, such as Ang Lee(Director, Oscar winner), Yani Tseng(The new world No.1 Lady's golfer), and Jason Wu(a fashion designer of Michelle Osama's), etc. The parents in Taiwan are more open-minded and encourage their children to try something else.  4. I also would like point out why I disagree with Amy Chua's parenting. I have found those children who are always reminded \\"NOT GOOD ENOUGH\\" by their parents usually lack self-confidence inside. Indeed the reminder might be a motive for children to work hard but it hurts too. I think that explains why, Amy Chua, a Yale professor with two Harvard degrees, would yell to her daughters \\"My goal as a parent is to prepare you for the future, not like me.\\" It seems the self-denying sign of \\"Not good enough\\" has carved deeply in Amy Chua and those people with similar background like her.   5. Regarding the \\"Westerners\\", I think her points are wrong in some ways. For example, she mentioned that westerners never take care of their parents when the parents are old. I have many American friends who take care of their parents even better than we are in Taiwan. Because the labor cost is much cheaper in Asia. It is very common that a family in Taiwan or mainland China spends US$600(in Taiwan) or US$300 or less (in China) a month to have a 24 hour housekeeper. Then it's easier for the old parents to stay with the family or to live at home near their children instead of a nursing home. In the States, the situation is totally different. I don't think the American seniors living in a nursing home should be regarded as \\"abandoned\\" old people by their children.
0312382464|2.0|I have no doubt the the author does well writing historic romances, but she should really spend a little more time researching medieval history.  She was making a complete hash of my ancestral lines, and I finally gave up on the novel.  To start with, she gives King John a daughter Nell who figures prominantly in the novel.  I can find no such person in the history of the period.  To give the correct lines of the Earls of Pembroke, Richard Strongbow, Earl of Pembroke, married Eve, daughter of the King of Leinster.  Their daughter, Isobel de Clare, was their only surviving child.  William Marshall had been a strong supporter of King John, and the king arranged his marriage to Isobel, at that time a wealthy heiress.  William had never previously been married.  The marriage made William the Earl of Pembroke.  They had a long marriage and had five daughters (no sons).  William, who served as Regent during the minority of King Henry III, lived long enough to arrange good marriages for his four oldest daughters.  Their daughter Maud married Hugh Bigod, third Earl of Norfolk and Magna Charta Surety.  Another daughter, Isabella Marshall, married Gilbert, 7th Earl of Clare and Earl of Gloucester (that marriage produced a line coming down through Robert the Bruce of Scotland, among others).  The third daughter, Sibile, married William de Ferrers, who succeeded his father as the Earl of Derby.  The fourth daughter, Eve, married William, 6th Baron de Braiose, son of Reginald and grandson of Maud (mentioned in the preceeding novel \\"Here be Dragons).
B002ZG9774|5.0|I was not sure I would like this, but my wife really likes Cher so we got it. Well... I have to admit that I liked it too, especially with my sound system cranked up!
B001P9EQH8|3.0|&lt;2014 Update, moving rating from 1 to 3><br />Well, when I initially thought that these were dead, I upgraded (E11) and put these in a box.  Little did I know that after moving, I would stumble across them in a random box.  So, despite my judgement to just toss them, I gave them one more last charge and after almost 2 solid days, they started working again!!!  However, only 3 stars now as they really have been replaced by my E11's, which in my opinion are just plain improved in all aspects.  Please see my review on the E11's if you are interested.<br /><br />--------------------------------------------<br />Ive been using the E5 since about December of 2010 (Ipod Touch, Sennheiser 595).  Up until yesterday it has been working like a champ.  That being said, yesterday when I attempted to use the setup I found that the E5 sound output died.  The Sennheisers are still working, I do not see any damage to the L3 cable, and it plays fine through iTunes (using the line out).  Lights on the E5 still function (on/charging) so I attempted to charge it and overnight I still have a red light (incomplete charge).  This morning I still do not have sound.  Worked long enough to avoid the return policy with Amazon, bummer.  Overall not too pleased.  I was contemplating the E11 when it comes out, but I am now reconsidering the brand.
0440245915|4.0|In the US, in the Deep South, in the state of Mississippi, racism goes above politics and politics and corruption surpass justice, even though this is unfair, that is the way life goes down there according to Mr Grisham, himself a southerner. A black father kills two ignorant low life whites who have raped and almost killed his 10 year old daughter, the black man is caught and goes on trial, the prosecution seeks the Death Penalty, will he be convicted or not ? Will racism and politics beat justice or not ?, Mr Grisham makes a fine novel where he mixes all the elements of the social fabric of the Deep South and uses his past professional experience as a lawyer to concoct the development of the trial. The novel is written like a fast paced thriller that invites to keep reading and reading, and the author makes a great job to stretch the outcome all the way to the final chapters without any unnecessary padding and plodding
B001MEJYAK|5.0|Every horror fan needs to own this movie. It starts with a bang and ends with your mouth wide open. I do wish the ending was a little clearer but it suits the movie just fine. Also, im happy to say that halfway through this film I began to wonder when it would end. This wasnt because it was long and boring, it was because I didnt know how much more a character could get put through. This is a must buy, im starting to enjoy French horror more and more with each film I watch.
B004M6BQ9W|4.0|I'm not particularly an avid Cher fan in her singing, but this woman was fantastic in this movie.  That she would share the screen with another great singer shows just how much class this woman has.    Cher, girl, you are a class act all the way.    Also, the movie would have been better if it had incorporated Cher into the storyline more deeply.  As we all know, she is a great actress and the script didn't measure up to the talent it had to \\"play\\" with.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have been doing this workout video for over a month now. I was doing it everyday but had to take a couple breaks due to sickness. I could really notice a difference in my cardio endurance as well as my abs in particular. I havent been able to get any definition in my abs since my daughter was born 1 year ago, but my 4 or 6 pack is starting to come back! I love the fact that there are 3 levels. This adds a good amount of variety and different degrees of difficulty. What I did was level 1 for about 4 days, then moved on to level 2. I switched between 1 and 2 for about another week then braved level 3. Yikes! It's tough but so good. After that, I switched mostly between level 2 and 3 to again, add variety and give certain muscles a rest every other day.   Although I'm technically done the \\"30 days,\\" I'm still doing each level every other day, mixed in with pilates on my \\"off days.\\" THis is a great workout and if you are consistent, I believe you will get results QUICKLY! Enjoy.
0312427999|5.0|\\"Having replaced Britain as the world's major industrial and creditor power after WWI, the US adopted free trade and open financial markets on precisely the grounds its protectionists [of the 19th century] criticized Britain for doing. American economic strategists had learned the lesson that free trade benefits the strong at the expense of the weak [by trading low-wage resources for high-wage industrial goods, undermining future potential].  Instead of examining the path by which the US built up its economic strength, foreign countries have adopted today's \\"free-market\\" Washington Consensus. This approach misses the strategy by which the US rose to industrial supremacy after the civil war.\\" - from Michael Hudson's \\"America's Protectionist Takeoff 1815-1914\\" which is a summary writers of that period who wisely influenced republican leaders enough to enact protectionism to prevent us from simply exchanging food and cotton for the industrial goods coming from Europe. We knew dependence on Europe would be a mistake.  Their idea was to use tariffs to eliminate the need for income tax (non-existent until 1913) and thereby reduce the cost of our goods. More importantly, the tariff revenue was used to improve infrastructure like roads, education, and health care to further increase production efficiency and reduce labor costs, mainly by replacing low-wage unskilled labor with technology that could better utilize energy (beasts of burden, water, sun, and steam).  In this way US learn to educate and use high-wage labor to eventually out-compete low-wage labor throughout the world.<br /><br />Therefore there does not have to be intentional malfeasance for free trade to do great harm. It's just bad economics.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|Price was good.  Delivery was good.  Quality of DVDs was good.  I'm enjoying watching the series very much.  I'm very satisfied with the purchase.
B003JXUXPW|5.0|Gregory Porter produces a sound that refelcts a new generation of jazz listeners.     I hope that he can make his way up to Toronto some time soon.
B001FB5634|3.0|I\\"m a big Viggo Mortensen fan, and for this reason I bought this DVD.  Also I like stories of this genre.  I only give this one three stars because so much of it was, for me, vague and/or didn't make sense.  I wasn't clear on the cause of the devastation of the planet.  This should have been made clearer.  There was also little to explain why some humans had turned savage while others had not, or how a complete family could survive, with a dog no less (in an environment where even bugs are now rare), while our protagonist and his son, slowly starved.<br /><br />All in all, worth seeing once, but I'm rather sorry I bought it.  This one I could have rented once, and be done.
B003UESJFG|4.0|It's a tale as old as time: cute [kid/woman] meets bad-guy who slowly starts to appreciate then love cute [kid/woman] and then he turns out to be a not so bad-guy after all. Cute story. Modern versions in cinema include Lilo and Stitch, Despicable Me, and my most recent favorite, Megamind.    I've seen it before in over a dozen iterations but for some reason Megamind really speaks to me. Maybe it's the acting, I mean animation, which is nuanced and lovely. Maybe it's the fact that I'm drawn to misunderstood underdogs and blue men with hypnotic eyes.     One star docked for predictability. Otherwise, it's a humorous tale. It's the first time I've enjoyed a performance by Will Ferrell since Stranger Than Fiction. Tina Fey delivers a flawless performance, as always. Brad Pitt is slightly more than a cameo, which is a shame. This is a movie I consider to be kid safe and even my three year old was glued for the whole running time.
0545128285|5.0|I especially liked Dumbledore's footnotes. Being such an important figure in the series, it's nice to read a little from his perspective. In fact, along that same line, it would be interesting to read a biography or autobiography of Dumbledore. That would really be brilliant.
B003X2O6KW|4.0|MBDTF is a pretty good cd I did skip around so thats why its only 4 Stars. My favorite song is Devil in a New Dress...I cant listen to this track enough. All of the Lights is a very good cut too. Power and Monster are good but over-played on the radio and on TV. Out of the 13 songs on this album 9 of them I can listen to without skipping to the next-4 STARS.
1451539401|4.0|An altogether satisfying classic novel. Sisters Elinor and Marianne Dashwood, left with little income following the death of their father, go to live with some distant relations and meet men they wish to engage. However, there are complications, as both seem to be quite unsuitable.<br />I was continually struck by the eloquence with which this book is written and the gracious manner in which the primary characters endeavored to conduct themselves. Did people really speak to each other that way in that era? How interesting that even one described as `illiterate' can issue such a statement as \\"I am sure you think me very strange, for enquiring about her in such<br />a way, but perhaps there may be reasons--I wish I might venture; but however I hope you will do me the justice of believing that I do not mean to be<br />impertinent.\\" The articulacy of the text was almost confusing at first because the poor standards by which most modern authors express themselves is what I am used to reading and speaking. However, that difficulty was soon overcome, and I found _myself_ both speaking and writing with greater vocabulary and altered cadence.<br /><br />I was also surprised that I could find a tale consisting mostly of the conversations between the idle members of British society so suspenseful. I found myself invested in the characters and their eventual happiness so much that I was quite eager to turn the page.<br /><br />Highly recommended. Compared to this, the romantic tales of the 21st century are vulgar and coarse.
B000VWOV3O|5.0|This has been debated below to clearly polarizing effect.  This is a classic case of you get what you pay for.  I shelled out less than $20 to get a full dose of Fushion's finest and to me that's a good deal.  Sure the packaging could certaily be better and liner notes would have been a nice thing, but it's the music that does it for me.  My Mahavishnu collection consisted of some long disintegrated cassettes, so this was a real find.  I'd call INNER MOUNTING FLAME  and BIRDS OF FIRE true classics, with the live BETWEEN NOTHINGNESS AND ETERNITY a strong 4 star album.  APOCOLYPSE and VISIONS are not as strong, but I'm still glad to own them and hope to explore them in further depth.
0345409671|4.0|Memnoch the Devil is a tale far more philosophical and religious than any of Rice's previous Vampire Chronicles. Her vampires have always wrestled with these questions of religion, philosophy and Their Place in the Grand Plan of ....whoever. In this book, Lestat meets the Devil himself. And, God Incarnate. With so many capitalized pronouns, Rice lays out a reimagining of the struggle between these two entities. Frankly, I'd like to believe it as Gospel Truth. But, of course, Lestat is the Damndest Creature and even he doesn't believe what he experienced. So? What was the point of that, exactly?<br /><br />Those who are fans of the campy suspense of Queen of the Damned or Tale of the Body Thief: this is not the book for you. Those who are fans of the historical backstory and scholarly interests of The Mayfair Witches and The Vampire Lestat: this book is not for you. Those who actually like the broody, questioning Louis of Interview with the Vampire, and the introspective Taltos: you might enjoy this book. Those who obsessively read everything Ann Rice has ever written (including her pseudonymous works): this book is for you (and me).
B004G5ZXVQ|5.0|Excellent record. I pray--I PRAY--that this is not their last one. Keep it going, guys; you can only add to your incredible legacy and influence.  --UPDATE DECEMBER 2, 2011--  I'm still in mourning for R.E.M., and regret immensely that the band didn't honor my above request.  Godspeed to each of them, and thanks for everything.
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|If you care for an action-packed film with evil government figures seeking political assassination as a means to an end, add a couple of appealing heroes with an attractive gal thrown in, and over the top heroics, this is your film. The characters are oh so bad, or so very good, you get it.    Implausible, probably, vengeful oh yes, but great fun!
B004EQAVHI|1.0|After watching this movie, I'm not sure if I was more depressed or angry. I am grateful that I only rented it instead of buying the thing.<br /><br />First of all, how the novel upon which it was based became a best seller is completely beyond my ability to comprehend. That the author made a profit should be a crime. I'm always frustrated how sick minds can often be so imaginative and creative at the same time. For people (sheeple, actually) to accept their fate as these clones did without even attempting to live their own lives is completely ridiculous.<br /><br />And then to make a movie! Oh, please; spare us the agony! The actors and actresses would seem to have been desperate for work to participate in this Sham. (Pun intended)<br /><br />For me to enjoy a movie, it should meet at least one of these criteria: entertaining, funny, riveting, enlightening, edifying, or educational. It met none of these.<br /><br />For me, it was a complete waste of time and (rental, thankfully) money. If it were possible, I would give it zero stars.
0156027321|5.0|I listened to the audio version of this book and it was wonderful! I was mesmerized by Jeff Woodman's reading of the different voices.  There was some confusion with the Asian voices and Pi's voice at the end, but it was still incredible and hard to stop listening to. I did not want it to end. Highly recommended.
B004FGMV0W|5.0|After hearing the single 'What The Hell', I was a little worried about this record. Alas, Avril delivers a great album that's pretty much as good as Let Go and Under My Skin. Ms. Lavigne is back and better than she has been in awhile.     Best Tracks... Push, Wish You Were Here, Smile, Stop Standing There, I Love You, Everybody Hurts, 4 Real (The best track on the album and one of the best of her career.), and Alice (The bonus track).    So if you were let down by the mediocre The Best Damn Thing, pick up this album and you'll remember the Avril that everyone knows and loves.
0394417887|5.0|-Dispatches- is a masterwork of war literature, capturing something of the heat, muck and hypocrisy of Vietnam, precisely because of its abuse of language, its drifting prose, and its dark, sardonic humour... like James Webb's -Fields of Fire-, the truth is not simply contained within nonfiction, neatly packaged for the bureaucrats, but is sought in the imaginative recollection of being-there, of existing, simply, in the lowest circles of hell, which is where Herr finds himself, and thus crafts his text, wandering doggedly through a conflict seemingly without end....    To say -Dispatches- has not aged well, to critique its contextual vernacular, or to hold it up to the standards of Queen's English, would be like arguing that Hamlet has not aged well because men no longer wear tights. It completely misses the point. Moreover, the frequent use of commas is hardly such a grave occurrence---not all prose must sound like the staccato telegraph of Hemmingway. Long live Proust....    The entire critical point of New Journalism was not only to use literary techniques to relate nonfiction---has not journalism done precisely this since Addison and Steele's The Spectator?---but to disrupt and shake up Establishment reportage from being a mere mouthpiece of the US war-machine. In this respect, the only fault with this book lies with  our times; it has become all too easy to read accounts of Vietnam War with a false nostalgia, and in this respect the style of -Dispatches- could be read as an uber-cool reflection on an all-too romanticized war (-Jarhead- made precisely this comment in the scene where Gulf War soldiers watch the helicopter attack scene from -Apocalypse Now- and cheer on its violence).    The parallel between -Dispatches- and -Apocalypse Now- is deserving. Herr did not merely \\"contribute\\" to the script of -Apocalypse Now-; save for the end of the thing, he wrote it, and is credited as such (also listen to the commentary with Herr and Coppola to the -Redux- version). The reason -Apocalypse Now- rings somewhat true, especially the -Redux- version which lays bear the madness, is because of Herr's script, which is drawn from -Dispatches-.
B000PY6BBI|2.0|The underlying story is fine - there is a good movie in there to be made.  This isn't it. The script is poor.  The acting is up to the level of the script. Michelle Pfeiffer is absolutely stunning, as alway, if only her character had some more depth.  Mathew Broderick plays it a little, well actually a lot too Ferris Bueller.  Ferris Bueller in the Court of the Evil Medieval Bishop just doesn't work.  Rutger Hauer is wooden and  Leo McKern and Rutger Hauer's horse both overact their parts.  When the horse prances in to the Chapel it's just silly.    In today's movies we have so come to expect a good score that we don't notice how it moves the film along and fills it out.  The score in this film, by Alan Parsons is abysmal.  Rather than carry the film along it makes us pull up short.  Whenever they went riding in the countryside I cringed, having to listen to more of that dreadful music. Ths film makes it very clear, by its noticeable absence, just how much a good score does for a film. This film needed a great score to work - it didn't get one. Music helps make the magic - it helps you suspend disbelief. Here it was a sharp tug on the reins.    I guess most of the other reviewers really liked the basic story, as did I, but the script, the dialogue, most of the acting and the abysmal score mean I cannot recommend this film.
B0002A2WDQ|5.0|Quick Shipment, arrived in great condition. Excellent product for the price. Good movies. See a young Steve Via tearing up the guitar. Most people don't know the fast classical piece that won the battle was actually play by Via not Cooder.
1857028899|5.0|As there are already 280+ reviews averaging 4.5+ stars, I'll keep it short.<br /><br />Pros:<br /> - Provides fascinating stories that put a historical backdrop to the topic of cryptography.<br /> - Explains with remarkable simplicity the mathematical concepts behind each sample.<br /> - Makes the reader almost ache to try-these-at-home.<br /><br />Cons:<br /> - Is a difficult book to set aside.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Quick Shipment, arrived in great condition. Excellent product for the price. Overlooked TV Series that should have never been canceled. Rumor that it might actually be coming back.
0385333846|4.0|Pros:<br /> - Vonnegut's writing style is enjoyable in itself - raw, eclectic, casual.<br /> - His depiction of WWII is from an angle tough to find in the history books.<br /> - By reading this, you will be one up on the list of \\"essential\\" reads.<br /> - It's a relatively fast read, especially if you skim the subplots that don't interest you.<br /><br />Cons:<br /> - Some of the subplots really didn't interest me.  (ie. alien abductions are so cliche these days)<br /> - As with other notable humans in the past, Vonnegut seems to be mistaken by his followers as being a god.
B001KOFH2G|5.0|Quick Shipment, arrived in great condition. Excellent product for the price. Great adaptation of a TV series that was never given a chance to blossom.
031603438X|5.0|I have to laugh at all the low raters... \\" there's too much swearing, there's too many drugs, \\" blah, blah, blah. ARE YOU EFFIN KIDDIN' ME ? It's KEEF, YOU CLOWNS ! whadditchUexpect. I sit at his feet and learn from the Man. First of all, I jumped right into the Stones years... all these folks got bored reading about his childhood.. TURN THE PAGE,CLOWNS ! Another whine \\" it sounds like he just talked into a tape recorder\\" THAT'S WHY I LOVE IT! If you've ever heard the man speak on many of their DVDs, he's hilarious and warm-hearted. The book reads like a chat with an old friend at a bar. What's not to like ?? \\" I'm a real Stones fan, but...\\"  CLEARLY, YOU'RE NOT !
1591843790|5.0|I read \\"Enchantment\\" expecting to learn how to become a better marketer. Instead I became immersed in something deeper: a discussion on how to be a better person, with more effective marketing being a by-product. \\"Enchantment\\" focuses on the embrace of personal and corporate values such as likability and trustworthiness. Get rooted in the right values and personal behaviors, Guy asserts, and you'll not only become a better marketer, but you just might change the world.    He establishes his ethos in the introduction: \\"This book is for people who see life for what it can be rather than what it can't. They are bringing to market a cause - that is, a product, service, organization, or idea - that can make the world a better place. They realize that in a world of mass media, social media, and advertising media, it takes more than instant, shallow, and temporary relationships to get the job done.\\"    The difference between marketing to achieve a transaction and marketing to build valuable relationships is enchantment - defined as the delighting people with a product, service, organization, or idea.    Guy anchors the first few chapters in the book with a discussion of the personal and corporate values needed to become an enchanter. In the world of \\"Enchantment,\\" self-puffery is out - becoming likable by connecting with other people through their personal passions is in.    Squeezing revenue from customers is not enchanting; gaining trust by sharing goodwill and giving your customers the benefit of the doubt is enchanting, as Zappos does with its money-back guarantee and free shipping in both directions.    Throughout the 211-page book, Guy also emphasizes behaviors to avoid, like snobbery. Example: when launching a product or service, don't focus your attention on the superstar influencers whose blogs have high readership levels. Focus on a larger group of people whose interests overlap with yours - and might be more open to lending their time.    \\"Nobodies are the new somebodies,\\" he asserts.    What makes the book more useful is the way Guy relates enchanting behavior to all relationships that should matter to you. He devotes two chapters to enchanting your boss and your employees. Why? Because Guy wants you to change the world, not just sell widgets. Your boss, employees, friends, and family comprise a network of people who can help you do that.    You can certainly benefit from \\"Enchantment\\" by cherry picking the chapters that focus on tactical marketing and communications, especially the sections on enchanting others by using social media such as YouTube and owned media such as your website. (Want to enchant through a video? Make sure you capture attention within the first 10 seconds or don't bother.)    But \\"Enchantment\\" is a book best read from start to finish. Otherwise you might miss a subtlety in Guy's thinking: communicating with clarity and brevity is not just good marketing but also reflects deeper values of respecting other people and their time.    \\"Enchantment\\" is easy to read. Guy's style is humorous and engaging, punctuated with examples of personal and corporate enchantment drawn from everyday people who agreed to tell their own stories. The testimonies include the incredible tale of a waitress at Disney World Animal Kingdom Lodge who turned a family into lifelong Disney loyalists with a surprising gesture of goodwill.    So is \\"Enchantment\\" for you? Let this quote from the book help you decide: \\"Enchanters don't sell products, services, or companies. They don't think in terms of cost of goods sold or glass, silicon, steel, leather, and rubber. Steve Jobs isn't thinking, How can I get people to buy $188 worth of parts with a two-year contract from AT&T? Enchanters sell their dreams for a better future - cooler social interactions, a cleaner environment, a heart-stirring driving experience, or the future of publishing.\\"    I would recommend giving \\"Enchantment\\" a shot.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|While I lived in the Netherlands I use to see parts of this as videos on the Dutch M.T.V.  I didn't realize that I never seen all the videos for it until I seen the whole thing put together.  I think this is a must have for all Daft Punk fans.  I defiantly enjoyed this and would recommend to all!  The Price was not half bad ether.  :)
B003L20IJW|3.0|Well, this was just okay.  It's a fun little romp, but without the excellent character development of the first.  This is more like left-over special effects meet KungFu Panda.
006145205X|5.0|A clear-sighted, objective, fascinating, brilliant, well-researched, paradigm-shifting analysis of the causes and effects of economic progress. I wouldn't have thought a book on this subject could have affected me so deeply, but I realize that I have unconsciously adopted many of our age's versions of the misconceptions, prejudices and pessimisms that have apparently tainted every period in history. Reading this book helps greatly with unwiring them, and replacing them with a realistic perspective on the past and the future.
B003UESJF6|5.0|We watched this movie as a family with three kids (14, 8 & 6yrs) and in the days that followed it was loaded onto 2 ipods and watched another five times in less than a week.  Each time we watched it we found more and more funny lines that we had missed in previous versions from laughing so hard.  Will Farrell and Tina Fey did a terrific job and our kids just keep quoting so many lines within the movie. (Especially the bantering back and forth between MetroMan and Megamind when he initially kidnaps Roxanne.... And Hal's invitation to Roxanne to attend his party.)      The only warning I'd give is the sarcastic lines by Titan when he tells Roxanne that she always tries to find the good in people even when none exists.  He says \\"There is no Easter Bunny\\", \\"There is no Tooth Fairy\\" and \\"There is no Queen of England\\"...  My kids love this part of the movie and I keep hearing my 8 yr old laughing every so often and saying \\"There is no Queen of England\\"  ha ha ha ha ha... so no issues here (so far) but just something to be aware of.      So grab some chips and a gallon of dip...It's gonna be SICK!  It's OFF THE HOOK!!
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I am a big fan of Steve Carell's work and was a bit concerned at his change in direction with this movie.    However, Despicable Me got a lot of buzz and advertising and I ended up watching it finally.    I loved the lil Minions he had (they were quite adorable) and the lil girls in the movie as well.    Everyone can relate to this 'mean' demeanor but really just wanting to impress his Mom and be the best he can?    Loved it and kids loved it too. Highly recommend adding to your collection.
0553805371|4.0|The book is a good overview of how the \\"strong anthropic principle\\" ends up being about as weak as the weak one. However, the level of detail the book goes into is at some times gratuitous and sometimes too cursory. I feel like the meat of the book is mostly at the last chapter (indeed, the meat of the last chapter is mostly in the last 2 pages), but the previous writing does a poor job preparing you for it.<br /><br />All in all, the book was definitely interesting enough to read through, since it was so short and not dense.
B00288KNJU|1.0|I have to confess...as a lover of animation and all things fantasy, I was slightly ashamed to admit that I had yet to see Coraline a whole two years after its release. Having seen the movie at last I am inclined to wonder if Henry Selick sold his soul to the devil in exchange for critical acclaim and some box office success. How else could such an inept, unpleasant exercise generate such a critical fuss? With virtually no story, characters as soulless as the clay they're made of and voice-acting with all the nuance and subtly of a bad anime dub, it's a wonder Coraline hasn't earned its place among the very worst animated films of the past decade, or at least the most overrated.<br /><br />Now I know what you're thinking--troll alert. Um, no. I love animation and I love a good movie, so why wouldn't I want to love Coraline? Well, apparently, wanting to love it just wasn't enough. I've enjoyed Selick's work in the past, but much like Tim Burton and Guillermo del Toro his story-telling and directional skills pale in comparison to his visual sense. This is true of TNBC, JATGP as well as Coraline. However, TNBC had wit, imagination and great music to override its more uninspired moments. Coraline has, well...a plot constructed in the likeness of a bad video-game, where Coraline must defeat the Other Mother and her demonic henchmen, not only to save her own family but to liberate the souls of the children unlucky enough to have fallen prey to her needle and thread. She has help (of course) in the form of a talking cat (of course) and magical objects (of course). She learns some valuable lessons along the way (of course) and ends up slightly less miserable than how she began (of course).<br /><br />The plot is conventional, yes, but the conventionality isn't the problem--it's the approach. The emotions take a backseat to the action and \\"scary\\" imagery. We have plenty of scenes of The Other Mother spouting typical bad-guy dialogue while skulking around in her spidery outfit; we have a magical garden that turns demonic and tries to pull Coraline to her demise; not to mention a host of trapeze-swinging circus mice, creepy button eyes, and a mechanical praying mantis. It's all very grotesque, which I guess was the intention...but to be honest, its all pretty empty. Like gore for gore's sake, Coraline is grotesque for grotesque's sake. People have said that Coraline is an adult fairy-tale masquerading as a children's movie. But what makes this adult, exactly? Scary pictures? Sorry, I'm not buying it. Smart stories and intelligent writing make for an \\"adult\\" picture, not trying-to-be-weird/scary imagery and a ham-fisted message about the importance of looking after your kids.<br /><br />Good characters can save a bad story, but Coraline has none to yield. Coraline herself is an unpleasant child, which isn't necessarily a problem. Fairy tales are bursting with bratty kids who come out stronger and better in the end. Take Chihiro in Spirited Away. She was something of a brat and despite her being surrounded by a magical landscape inhabited by spirits, talking frogs and dragons was a real, textured character. Coraline is not. Nor are her quirky neighbors, who possess no defining traits other than the fact that they are quirky. The same is true of Coraline's neglectful parents, who possess no defining traits other than the fact that they are neglectful. God forbid they skip the bad musical numbers and circus mice is favor of some characterization. But no, sadly. Animation takes precedence over just about everything else is Coraline, excluding maybe the music, which was just okay.<br /><br />One wonders what might have been if Selick, instead of trying to dazzle his audience with elaborate sequences and gross imagery, had injected these characters with even the slightest amount of soul or humanity. That's a very different movie; it's the \\"Other\\" Coraline. However, unlike world behind the door in Selick's movie, The \\"Other\\" Coraline not only seems better...<br /><br />It is better.
0061726826|4.0|Delirium is Lauren Oliver's highly anticipated second novel that the blog world is in a frenzy about and after reading it I understand why. Delirium is dystopia where the world believes that love is a disease and a surgery can cure and prevent living with \\"deliria nervosa\\". In Delirium Lena is the girl who follows the rules and counts down to the day she will be cured. Lena's mother had the surgery a number of times and was never successfully cured and before another attempt could be made she jumps off a cliff. The city considered Lena damaged goods and feared that her mother's sickness would be passed to her. Hana, Lena's best friend, is beautiful and from a good family, but unlike Lena she tends to be more of a rule breaker. She listens to unapproved music, sneaks out after curfew, and even hangs out with boys who are uncured. All of what Hana does scares Lena because her behavior is completely against the rules and could get her thrown in jail or worse.    Like in all great books there is a boy! Lena first spots Alex 95 days before her cure is supposed to happen. She later meets Alex while out on a run with Hana and while he is already cured she feels a connection with him. Slowly Lena starts to break the rules when she spends more time with Alex. Alex drops a bomb when he confesses that he isn't cured and comes from the wilds. The city is kept safe by electrified gates and anyone who did not want the cure escaped to the wild. The government assures that living in the wild is barbaric and they will slowly die out if anyone is truly out there.    Lena knows that spending time with Alex are early signs of Delirium, but she slowly gives in anyway. Alex shows her poems and books about love and encourages her to talk about her mother without shame. As the days pass Alex and Lena fall in love, but know that once Lena is cured everything will end. The options are limited, Lena will either be cured, discovered as infected with delirium, or find an escape.    Lauren Oliver's writing is very poetic and flows nicely which I found similar to Maggie Stiefvater. While Delirium is not fast paced the ending is explosive and leaves you emotionally raw. Dystopia fans will truly enjoy this book as will anyone looking for a beautiful story that takes it time to unfold.
B003UESJDI|5.0|The big Oscar goes to Jessica's Jody and little Oscars go to the other actors, script writer, Posy's original storytelling as a modern adaptation of \\"Far from the Madding Crowd\\", set/scene work and director. As usual British superiority over us colonists in delivering an intelligent, imaginative, witty, believable, emotional, creative story. And, on a low budget. Loved the little ironies e.g. cows kill writer (deservedly so); dog gets great funeral; jail bait; shallowness and superficiality of which a nose plays a prominent/projecting (pun) role.  Kudos crew.     Can we reapply to the British to be accepted back? Our culture needs a bit of work.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|Cartoons of today have always gotten a bad rep for not being as good as the \\"classic\\". Disney/Pixar did a great job with this movie in complete animation as well as imagery and storyline.    I am an adult with no children and I loved this movie. It had its laughs for the adults and also had lots of cool moments for the kids.     Added this to my collection for my nephews one day as well as my own kids. Definitely a great movie to have on in the background and to enjoy the punchlines scattered throughout the flick.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|As the movie hit its second act I was totally engrossed in the world of a South African reinstatement of an apartheid-like policy dealing with the aliens. It is probably my favorite movie of 09.    The Good: The down in the dirt style that South African director Neill Blomkamp weaves with his half narrative half documentary style. It feels like it was shot in a slum in South Africa.    This movie could only be spun by a gamer in love with Half-Life and Halo (which jacked a lot from half-life). For instance the Mech-suit (which can be seen in the trailer) is just like Dog in the Half-Life 2, but has a pay load of weaponry.    Speaking of weaponry all the guns in the movie kick ass. The alien rigs literally tear people apart. This film is not PG-13 so there was no wussy copout cutaways. In your face cherry pie gibbbbbbbbbing (gamer term for blowing another player into pieces).    This guy knows how to tell a story with details. I'm sure I will catch a lot more in a second viewing, but you have to be able to appreciate the amazing amount of detail, which really brings an oppressed alien culture to life.    The Bad: The excessive use to military force was the real enemy in the film. Of course there is other stuff but I hate spoilers sooooo. That's all you get.    The Ugly: In this film the aliens are pretty ugly... But Blomkamp somehow puts you in the main character's shoes enough to where you kinda dislike them at first and think they are gross, but as the story moves you find yourself thinking the crustacean looking things are cute (especially the children).    The MANDOM: There is some all out battles in this movie. People get torn up by alien guns and human guns alike. There is one random part where this guy is holding an alien up for integration the alien out of nowhere just kicks him and all you see is a limb explode from somewhere and the guy fly like a rag doll. That is tame for this movie. Heads get torn off, lots of people explode, and many aliens get blown away too.
B0049P1VHS|4.0|I will give Season 1 3.5-4 stars for the following reasons.<br />Good:<br />When seeing it was an AMC series, I knew they didn't skimp on their shows but I was hesitant in how well they could do a zomie film with all the special effects and such. The effects here were really well done. My hat comes off to the effects crew on this. It was top notch. There was a behind the scenes showing one actor getting his makeup applied and although they could have shown a much better example, it was a good clip.<br />Cameos: There are many cameos in this series that go uncreditted. 5 episodes have Norman Reedus (Boondock Saints) who sticks around for some time and has a major part but as stated, is uncreditted at the beginning. This was a surprise that I am willing to put in the GOOD side. Also, Michael Rooker (Mallrats, The Replacement Killers) had a cameo for 2 episodes that was uncreditted in the opening. Again, good to see some big names providing good input.<br />Acting: Was well done. It didn't seem like a made for TV movie. They really stepped up and made a good show.<br />PLOT: Is good and bad for the following reason. I have seen movies like Pulp Fiction (for instance) that didn't go in exact chronological order and they were still great. This series jumps a round a little bit and felt like they didn't have to do that and it made it a little less enjoyable. We open with our main character in a cop car with his partner talking about their relationships. In a police chase, the main character gets shot. Cut to, our hero in the hospital, zombies are already taking over, eventually our hero makes his way home to find nothing/no one. When he comes across his partner later, the partner initially acts like he doesn't know him? Also, I believe the partner was now with the hero's wife? This issue was discussed in the show but we never really got a conclusion.<br />SPOILER<br />Second example, a guy named Jim gets bit but it's not quite the end of the season, he is left by the road and the survivors move on without him. So, we know he got bit, we do not know if he turns. Season 2 can still have him return but he wasn't a strong character to begin with.<br />What did the scientist wisper to Officer Grimes? I think it was that he is a \\"carrier\\" of the disease. Remember he took blood samples of everyone? Also, his partner said that Grimes had no pulse. He thought he was dead.<br />BAD:<br />I have to say, it seemed short for the money you pay. I watched the entire season in one evening. I couldn't do that with True Blood.<br />I say, even with a few odd plot holes, and some non-chronological annoyances that go unanswered in this season, it is still a good series and worth the watch. 3.5-4 stars is respectable. Lets give credit here to the actors, effects and overall story.<br />I am rating the regular DVD. It has a behind the scenes for the making of, one for each episode and one for the zombie makup. Bluray might have more special features but the reg. DVD has plenty.on without him. So, we know he got bit, we do not know if he turns. Season 2 can still have him return but he wasn't a strong character to begin with.  What did the scientist wisper to Officer Grimes? I think it was that he is a \\"carrier\\" of the disease. Remember he took blood samples of everyone? Also, his partner said that Grimes had no pulse. He thought he was dead.  BAD:   I have to say, it seemed short for the money you pay. I watched the entire season in one evening. I couldn't do that with True Blood.   I say, even with a few odd plot holes, and some non-chronological annoyances that go unanswered in this season, it is still a good series and worth the watch. 3.5-4 stars is respectable. Lets give credit here to the actors, effects and overall story.  I am rating the regular DVD. It has a behind the scenes for the making of, one for each episode and one for the zombie makup. Bluray might have more special features but the reg. DVD has plenty.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|I like the psychologically-complicated characters in this series.  Morality is hardly ever black and white; and this show seems to explore that.
B003EYVXUU|3.0|If you read any reviews from me, I always try to review Blu-rays on the product and not the film itself.  If I wanted to read reviews on the film, I'd use Metacritic or a specific critic who I have similar tastes with.  I don't understand all these reviews on the movie itself on Amazon, so anyways, onto the product...    I'm disappointed with the casing, in general.  It's the cheap recycled Blu-ray case that is flimsy because of the holes in the box to save the company money.  Also, I've seen the Blu-ray elsewhere, which had a nice plastic sleeve that when taken off you could see the girl.  This doesn't have that for some reason.  Maybe they already jumped to cheaper casing in a matter of two months since the release date.  It's strictly the cover printed out and put in the case.    I don't think it's a big deal.  It would have been nice to know, but the $13.99 price tag was well worth saving an extra $12 than for getting the one with a plastic slipcase at Best Buy.
0670022411|4.0|I really wanted to love this book.  And it was a great read!  Really kept me entertained and I was looking forward to finding out what happened next!  In one respect Harkness does a great job of creating a world that is totally different from other vampire books that are on the market..however...on the other hand...I found myself comparing these books quite readily to other vampire novels (mainly Twilight) which I was not prepared for.  These comparisons really frustrated me as they were pretty apparent, and the themes very similar.  I do think that when the sequel comes out it will not mirror any other series in the slighest, as there are many differences that do create a much different world, but the set up to get to that point was very reminiscent of many of the struggles Bella and Edward deal with at nauseum.  I am very excited for the sequel...if there is going to be one which is unclear.  **Spoiler** pretty much none of the conflicts in the book are resolved in the end.  Anyway, if the struggles between anyone or anything being with a vampire, combined with lots of fun witchy stuff, and a whole lot of very interesting historical background are your thing, than this book will totally satisfy all your cravings!
B003L20ID8|3.0|Just went to see The Adjustment Bureau, the latest in a growing list of posthumous film adaptations based on the works of Philip K. Dick. My review will be terse. Right off the bat, I've never seen a screenplay more outright derivative of other far better movies -- I'll let YOU reckon which ones. (It might be a fun game!) Toward the end I kept saying to myself: Please, PLEASE don't make this be like The Graduate! (LOL)    Also, a major annoyance was the sheer number of overtly deliberate contrivances to \\"adjust\\" the narrative and give our hero a possible out. C'mon people, a little subtlety goes a long way. Still, the ending was unexpected and somewhat satisfying and Matt Damon sold his character well enough, yet this could have been SO much better. (sigh)
B002NXSRX4|2.0|GI Joe wow what's to say? Well if you liked the corny cartoon you will love the movie (I hope), because the movie is probably a little more corny than the cartoon. So basically I sat down thinking wow this is gonna either be amazing and the worst movie ever made. It was AMAZING.    Since no one likes to read extensive reviews on movies they haven't seen I will just trick everyone into actually giving it a chance.     I am just gonna hit a few key points one should know before seeing.    Jet pack flying into a spaceship thing.    Ninja fights.    Flashbacks of a long lost love.    A submarine dog fight.    Laser or plasma guns(not sure).    Workout/training sequence.    Threat of nanobot world holocaust.    The line \\"We lost a lot of Joes out there today.    Garbage CG mixed with some of the coolest CG of a ninja dodging flying cars.    Snake Eyes is still the most legit mofo in ninja history.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|Having adored David Tennant in previous seasons, I wasn't expecting Matt Smith's doctor to win me.  But between him and the marvelous writing, this has been my favorite season yet.  So much fun; I literally cheered out loud in parts.    p.s. wanna know what i don't miss from season four?  the big, brown, sad eyes of the terribly lonely time lord.
B003L20IJM|5.0|Went to see this movie with one of my grandsons which prompted immediate purchase of it's prequel. We all enjoy watching them back to back for sleepovers.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|After listening to their interview on NPR, I ordered their CD.  I was not disappointed.  Great music. Highly recommend it.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|Secretariat -   Great opening: God's sharing with Job with reprise in running of Belmont Stakes.  A Family Story of love and commitment beautifully presented by Diane Lane and cast.  Remarkable story of the \\"greatest racehorse\\" at birth and in three amazing races.  The charm of seeing owner Penny C Tweedy's 1973 picture inserted into the 1973 action.    Yeah I loved it!  Over 13 - yes, I remember those 1973 races; now to borrow a phrase, delighted to see and hear the \\"rest of the story.\\"  P.S. Don't miss the bonus \\"The Making of a Race Horse\\" on DVD.    Actually I bought this DVD from Amazon.com - preordered and got 2 of them.
B003J27WFW|5.0|After so many years of listening, watching videos and catching shows, this Rush documentary is one of the most inspirational films I have ever seen. It is such a treat to see what these guys are like in person and to see how hard they had worked to make it. They really have lived the Garage Band Dream- having been friends in high school and starting a band that would exceed everyone's expectations including their own. This video documents so clearly the true musicianship that each member had at such a young age, with live performances at school gymnasiums and local clubs you will see Geddy and Alex jamming with John Rutsey. And then, the \\"Master\\" as actor Jack Black puts it, is introduced as a new drummer is needed. It's great to see the rawness of Alex's solos where you can hear his idea that will evolve into the solo you have grown to love. This video will explain what we already knew about Rush, that they were always just about the music only. They never hid behind an image to sellout to the Big Wigs at corporate. Their art was never second to record sales. The documentary captures Neil's tough circumstances and the love that these guys have for each other that I will argue can be more important than the music in keeping a band together.  Even someone that has no knowledge of this band will appreciate its inspirational example of the human spirit at its best, to always keep the dream alive no matter how tough it gets.
B002JVWQT6|5.0|I'm writing a review just to try to do my part in ensuring the continued production of this show. It is hilarious, everyone will be able to relate to some aspect of the show, and it makes you feel good about yourself when you get the subtle jokes. It's a must-see. Other shows I'm crazy about are 30 Rock and Arrested Development.
B000Q7Q2WM|1.0|A good friend recommended this bit of drivel to me and when I watched the movie I was dumbfounded.  Two hours of sadistic mindless moronic kid stuff.  things blowing up. people getting stabbed blood everywhere.  with no end in sight.  I refuse to watch part two.  Wish I could give it 0 stars.  This sick stupid movie is a waste of both time and brain cells. And is the antithesis of why one would watch any movie...to be entertained.
B002ZG99A4|5.0|This movie was a gift for my fiance and he absolutely loved it. The DVD came in right on time and the quality was great. I would recommend this to any movie lover who loves Sylvester Stallone or any of the famous action heroes in the film. GREAT BUY!
B00003JRCQ|5.0|After watching Jane Eyre, I acquired a distaste for Ciaran Hinds. His Mr. Rochester was perfection and I could not separate him from the character.  That is until I watched this version of Persuasion - oh I am in love now!
B0041KKYBK|2.0|I literally fell asleep watching this   unless u are into financial documentaries   It's dull, boring. Sure Matt Damon narrated - not enough Id rather watch Hereafter lol
B004DI7HZ6|3.0|A Discovery of Witches is the first novel published by author Deborah Harkness. It seems to be a series although I have searched far and wide to confirm this hunch and nada. This review has no spoilers just a few suggestions to keep in mind and a few comments.<br /><br />This book has a cliff hanger ending. This is why I believe it is part one in a series. If it is not then the book rates a 1.5 too many loss ends and questions left unanswered.<br /><br />Overall this book was OK. One of the first series I read at a young age was written by author Anne Rice the topic a family of witches. This book IMO has a similar(A. Rice)feel to it. Not a bad thing. Just something to be aware of. A. Rice is/was not everyone's cup of tea.<br /><br />I wasn't sold on the heroin. She seemed to be living in a bubble of her own making. Towards the end she came to terms with the truth of her life. This opens up the door to such opportunities come book two. This book is a great start to a series but as a stand alone novel it leaves a bit too many loss ends and no closure.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|I decided to buy this DVD even though I felt I won't like it after reading the negative reviews. I ended up loving it! It is highly entertaining and I enjoyed the actors very much.<br />The actors are very likable. The acting is natural although I do agree with the other comments that Romola as Emma was not acting too ladylike all the time with the way she plops on the bed and runs around unlike Gwyneth who was very refined as Emma. Still, Romola is adorable! My favorite is Johnny Lee Miller as Mr. Knightly! He suited the role very well. EMMA is Jane Austen's heroine who is not in need of money, she does not need to find a husband to survive. I would have liked it better if her manor was more grand to give that feeling of luxury. I have seen so many period movies and usually when they are rich, the houses are enormous!<br />I still gave the movie 5 stars because I intend to watch this dvd over and over again!
030726999X|1.0|I may just skip to the end of the book.  The beginning is way too much work.  It is super boring.  And all of those Swedish proper nouns have multiplied to an unmanagable number. Wish I could return it.
B0040JHWKS|1.0|Can't begin to describe the disappointment here.  It's bad enough that it's a bunch of weak songs, but this release has a hypocritical stench that 'The Boss' would have condemned in his early years.  Caveat emptor!!!
B002VECM6S|5.0|This movie is really something special. Sandra Bullock puts on a GREAT performance as Leanne Tuohy. Plus, some great surprise acting from Tim McGraw, Quinton Aaron and Kathy Bates! The story is interesting and you find after watching it that it's not about football, it's about Family.
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|It's hard to tell that this concert was filmed in the 80's because of its picture and sound quality, everything is great.
B0014BECF8|5.0|This cd just makes you happy. It is a great mixture of new and old material from an icon. Loved it. Definitely a mood lifter! You won't be disappointed.
B0049OSQ18|4.0|There are not a lot of albums that remind a listener of the first REM album, and Neil Young's \\"After the Goldrush\\" and \\"Harvest.\\" Well worth repeated listenings. In interviews the band has said it was going for that \\"barn\\" sound of Harvest, and I think it succeeds brilliantly. Maybe more bands should record in barns.
B000Q66JXA|5.0|I never saw the HDDVD version, but just compared the Blu-Ray to the DVD and the picture quality and audio are vastly improved. The sticker on the package indicated that it had been remastered, and this must be so. As noted previously, the colors, black levels, and skin tones are very good. The 30 year old film must have been challenging to work with, but gone are the dirt and specks, color fringing, and soft focus around the edge of the frame evident in the DVD. It's great to see detail in the clothing and armor, landscapes, and battle scenes. Film grain is naturally present without apparent DNR processing to eliminate it and smear details. I doubt the sound was recorded for surround, but elements of the music soundtrack do appear in the rear channels as well. All in all, a very satisfying upgrade and great value at it's price point. No annoying previews for other films or live elements are included. Just a great film treatment of a mythic story.
B002ZG980U|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I left the theater so happy with my experience that I knew I had to buy it later on DVD. The acting is superb. The story is intriguing. And the special effects are all-around fantastic. There were some moments where it's easy to get lost in the plot, but that's why it's so great to see it again and again until you get the whole picture! This movie is a MUST see. Special Kudos to Hans Zimmer for putting out yet another fantastic movie score! My only disappointment in this DVD is that there weren't more special features about the making of the movie, no deleted scenes or interactive menus. But it's still worth buying!
B0007Y08QA|3.0|There are a lot of really detailed reviews on here so I'm not going to make one of those. I'm just going to say that Christian Bale is a good actor and despite being a very unlikeable protagonist he still delivers a good performance here. But, there aren't really any surprises in this movie, it was very obvious to me what was happening, I just kept thinking \\"I wish we'd get to the ending, which of course is the 'surprise that makes all the connections.\\" The director and the writer seemed to be following a simple formula which is almost exactly the film that one would expect to get if you were to take parts of \\"Insomnia,\\" \\"Memento,\\" \\"First Snow,\\" and a touch of \\"Fight Club.\\" That being said, if you've seen all four of those movies, and are a fan of Christian Bale, then you could give this one a try but if any of those conditions hasn't been met then I can't honestly recommend this film. The four movies I mentioned previously are works which are very cohesive and engaging, I don't think that \\"The Machinist\\" is either: Christian Bale is the glue that holds the work together, without him it would've been so abrasive and contrived it would've fallen apart.
0375842209|5.0|This book was not what I thought it would be on reading the first few chapters, but after becoming accustomed to death's perspective on the world and how people live their lives I have to say that I was hooked and not only embraced the story but was anxious of what would happen during his tale of the book thief and her life. Liesel is a character that everyone can find some of themselves in. Who hasn't been scared or nervous of a new chapter in their life?  Finding books and the escape they offer has happened to every bibliofile and bookworm since gutenburg first started printing for the masses. I look forward to reading more by this young author and encourage everyone to pick this book up and be reminded of what a beautiful and horrible thing life and words can be. Thank you for picking up your pen for this Markus Zusak!
0670022411|2.0|I count myself among those who really wanted to like this book, and actually I was fairly sure I would like it until about halfway through. It starts out with a great premise--Diana is a historian, doing research on alchemy. Great, I love research, I love libraries, I love books and the supernatural. I thought it would be like The Historian (which I LOVED). Sadly, it sort of dissolves into a second-rate, not-very exciting romance. People compare it to Twilight, but even though Twilight is not without flaws, it was a much more engaging story. I never really understood the attraction between Diana and Matthew. There is no tension--they meet and that's it. I thought Edward from Twilight was more appealing--at least he saved Bella's life. Then, there's a lot of nothing. Diana takes a lot of naps, which is mostly what I felt like doing when reading it. I also found Diana annoying. I mean, so he's a vampire--he explains this means he's in charge, blah blah blah. Diana basically says, \\"Oh, okay.\\" Here is an opportunity for tension--what woman would just bat her eyelashes and say, \\"Oh, you're so wonderful--okay honey!\\" But that's what Diana does. Did she really get to be a respected scholar by rolling over and being such a doormat?   I don't think I'm reading the sequel. I don't think I care.
B000000H4V|4.0|This is when Sepultura slowed their playing down and started experimenting with groove metal and the tribal stuff. It has some killer tracks on it Refuse/Resist, Territory, Amen, Slave New World. I recommend checking this out. It's definitely NOT their best like some other reviews said. But it's still a solid album.   If you want fast, thrashy stuff definitely check out \\"Beneath the Remains\\" and \\"Arise\\"... Sepultura at their best.
B0032Y8XH8|3.0|I think I have all the Mumford & Sons I need now and probably can tick off Arena Busking on my bucket list as well. I'll assume it's me and not them, but to my aged and aging ears, there's not a lot new under the sun here though it's very nicely done and wellplayed.
B00030DEQE|5.0|Works perfectly on my Dell Dimension 9100, Intel Pentium 4 Processor 630, running Windows XP.  Plug and play... once I plugged the card in all the way ;-) !!!  Needed to replace a faulty OEM integrated ethernet port when I upgraded to FIOS router.  Was getting by on a USB connection with old DSL modem.      Being a technonumnutz I was willing to pay a premium to minimize hastle, and I needed a card that would work 32 or 64 bit since I was not certain which I had. I share my particular challenges for anyone as incompetent as myself:    first had to remove an unused fax card to open up a slot  second failed to plug in the card all the way.  I mention this because the system diagnostics showed the card working fine, but interestingly listed it as a different card!  After nothing else worked I took the cover off and reinserted the card again.  Problem solved.
B0043EV774|5.0|This DVD provided hours of  great entertainment for the entire family. The  DVD took advantage of my new Samsung 55\\"3d tv. Great buy!
B004FGMV0W|3.0|Avril is better with songs like 'What the hell'....upbeat and energetic. This slow crap has gotta go. She should have done MORE songs like 'what the hell' and LESS songs like all the others on the CD.    UPDATE: (March 20, 2011)    Ok, I have grown to like and feel these are pretty good songs (for slow songs):  In order, best to worst:  1. Stop Standing there  2. Goodbye  3. Smile  4. I love you    Of course, 'What the hell' is by far the best song on the disc.    But one other thing I'd like to mention. There are no, 'BAD' songs on the album. A lot of mediocrity, but no BAD songs that make you want to skip them. And that is a definite plus.
0060936223|1.0|I really wanted to like this book. I'm not a huge fan of Smith's music, it's not bad but also not great. This book just seemed to be composed mostly of stories that allowed Smith to name drop. She comes across as really egotistical and self involved. After about 30 pages the book just gets boring. The fact that Smith met Allen Ginsberg in a restaurant and he loaned her some change to get a sandwich is not an interesting story. Who cares? Also it seems that Smith likes everyone. Now I don't expect her to trash people in her book, but she doesn't come across as a real person when all she does is praise people. She kinda seems like Flanders from the Simpsons. I thought that this was going to be a book about people not cartoon characters. I don't really have any insight into what Maplethorpe was like after reading this book. It's really a shame because I had such high hopes for this book.
B0049OSQ18|4.0|The Decemberists are a very binary band-you either like them or you don't. There's not a lot of in-between with them. I do enjoy them very much, and enjoy the risks they take from album and found this elpee to be a delight from start to finish.<br /><br />If you're looking for something different and yet familiar, this may be your introduction to a greta band whose body of work is consistently excellent.
B0027VTMAE|2.0|Way too much sex.  Story was good but there were so many obvious signs that Dean (Johnny Depp) that made the story a little goofy.  I hated the ending. You knew it was going to happen.  This was a real stinker.
B000W746GK|4.0|SPOILERS FOLLOW<br /><br />\\"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets\\", the 2002 follow-up to \\"Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone\\" works better in every way than its predecessor.  A deeper story which introduces extremely compelling characters and storylines, this movie really begins the push toward maturity that defines the series' overall trajectory.<br /><br />Here, Harry begins to see the cracks in Hogwarts' supposed status as a safe haven, and learns even more about his nemesis Lord Voldemort.  The character is given a brilliant human backstory through the discovery of a magical diary which mysteriously leads Harry on a quest to do battle with(SPOILER)the malevolent memory of Voldemort's human self.<br /><br />Returning actors Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint must carry an even meatier story on this second film, and their performances grow as surely as themselves.  Each actor is able to convey a wide range of emotions, but it's Radcliffe who truly owns Harry Potter with his performance here.  He brings a self-assurance and talent to the role worthy of actors two and three times his age.  In the final performance of his life, Richard Harris is subdued yet gently authoritative as Albus Dumbledore.  Dame Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman are standouts as Professors McGonagall and Snape, respectively.  Series newcomers Kenneth Branagh, Toby Jones, and Jason Isaacs all give terrific performances.  These three actors especially add the creative flavor the first movie misses.  Their characters Gilderoy Lockhart, Dobby, and Lucious Malfoy, Draco's hateful father, give the series more themes to address.  Mr. Issacs in particular is superbly cold.<br /><br />\\"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets\\" is a promising second chapter in arguably the most creative fantasy movie series of all time.
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|I love this CD!  A nice collection of music from the movie - romantic, slower numbers, and more upbeat ones from the Meryton and Netherfield balls.  A very relaxing CD, I've been listening to it daily while I work.
B003F5WOEC|1.0|NOTE: My rating is for the VINYL edition of this album only.    Let me just say, I really like this album.  I bought the CD last month, and I've been listening to it non-stop.  I enjoyed it so much that I decided I wanted to buy the vinyl to listen on my record player at home.  It seemed like a great record to just put on and chill on the couch.  I've never really listened to The Black Keys before, so this album was a welcome surprise.    Unfortunately I got the vinyl, put it on my record player, and within a few seconds it was \\"skipping\\".  I couldn't see any damage to the vinyl, so I could only assume it was just pressed poorly.  I was hoping it was that particular one, so I returned it and had Amazon send me a replacement.  I got the replacement a couple days later - same thing.  It had the same \\"skipping\\" problem, if not worse.  I don't know if the whole batch was just pressed poorly or what, but until I can find one without that problem, I'll stick to listening to the album on CD instead.
B004PVF95Q|5.0|Everything you need to know about Build A Rocket Boys! you can gleam from the first two songs. The 8-minute opener, The Birds, is the longest the band has done, building slowly with pulsing guitar notes before opening up with bleep-blip Peter Gabriel synthesizers and, finally, a full-on orchestral explosion. The follow-up, Lippy Kids was the first taste of this album that Elbow gave us back around holiday time, and for good reason: musically and emotionally, it's the heart of the record, with Guy Garvey doing his lyrical magic on themes of childhood and memory over a gentle choir and piano backdrop. Every subsequent track takes its cue from these two.<br /><br />It's no surprise to learn that keyboardist Craig Potter helmed production duties again. The lush, warm arrangements recall the band's last record, The Seldom Seen Kid, and little keyboard and synth touches can be found in all sorts of nooks and crannies. More than previous Elbow outings, this one has an electro/minimalist edge, with whole songs built around a looped single piano note (Lippy Kids, The Night Will Always Win) or sustained, vibrating drones and chords. There's even a 3-note video game square-sine synth behind Open Arms (which, by the way, is a rollicking pub sing-a-long and not, thankfully, a Journey cover). Has Potter been listening to Radiohead, or to Terry Riley? Either way, it lets the band keep its sound while keeping things fresh, and it's more subtle color than in your face experimentation. It would be interesting to see what would happen if Brian Eno produced the next record.<br /><br />Build A Rocket Boys! isn't perfect. Some of the songs seem without anchor. In fact, so does the album; it lacks a true lead single. Neat Little Rows feels a bit out of place, as if they felt they had to put in an anthemic stomper just to make the record easier to tour. Also, With Love probably should've been a b-side. On the other hand, they've made room for a simple strummed acoustic guitar number, Jesus Is A Rochdale Girl, that probably would've been a b-side on previous Elbow records, and it's a welcome addition.<br /><br />Ultimately, the reason this album succeeds is the same as their previous four; the tension between a band that wants you to sing to the rafters with them and a band that wants to quietly break your heart. Elbow can still do both, sometimes in the same song.<br /><br />Over five albums, Guy Garvey's lyrical themes have moved from youthful urban discontent to pub gossip to love and heartbreak to domesticity and childrearing, and now he's looking back towards his own childhood with reminiscence. At this rate, we can anticipate that the band's seventh or eighth record will be a meditation on retirement and the British health care system, but if anyone can do it with aplomb, it's Garvey. This is a band that knows how to age gracefully.<br /><br />Standout tracks: The Birds, Lippy Kids, Jesus Is A Rochdale Girl, High Idealsirl, that probably would've been a b-side on previous Elbow records, and it's a welcome addition.    Ultimately, the reason this album succeeds is the same as their previous four; the tension between a band that wants you to sing to the rafters with them and a band that wants to quietly break your heart. Elbow can still do both, sometimes in the same song.    Over five albums, Guy Garvey's lyrical themes have moved from youthful urban discontent to pub gossip to love and heartbreak to domesticity and childrearing, and now he's looking back towards his own childhood with reminiscence. At this rate, we can anticipate that the band's seventh or eighth record will be a meditation on retirement and the British health care system, but if anyone can do it with aplomb, it's Garvey. This is a band that knows how to age gracefully.    Standout tracks: The Birds, Lippy Kids, Jesus Is A Rochdale Girl, High Ideals
B0007Y08QA|4.0|What a performence, what a movie.... Truely greatness true talent here Bale is in the top 3 of his generation.
B004DI7HZ6|2.0|I did enjoy the premise and opening chapters of this book.  However, once events are set in motion I began to feel pieces of the Twilight series being borrowed to foward the story.  I lost interest once the author insisted on having any meaningful conversation happen over endless amounts of booze and coffee.  Boring!
0756404738|5.0|You will not eat, you will not sleep, you will be late to work until you finish.  The book is that entertaining to read, and you will enjoy every minute.  Consider yourself warned.
0070511136|4.0|I have read a number of sales books that did seem to be very similiar.  This book really looked at the sales process differently and helped me start focusing on partnering with my customers as opposed to trying to sell my products.  I use the concepts within spin selling not only in my professional life but also to help cultivate my non-professional relationships.  I would recommend this to book to others who are trying to focus on customer selling and partnering.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|What a delight! As a dog lover and true believer that our pets have souls, I loved the way Stein presented Enzo's story. I've found myself relating to my own dog a bit differently since reading this book, and I'm a seasoned veteran dog rescuer and trainer.  I laughed and cried too many times to count from beginning to end, and I loved every minute of it. I couldn't put \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" down, even when I had a migraine headache; I kept reading this book, so I ended up reading it in a day (I'm a natural-born speed reader)! Every person who is owned by a dog must read this book; it's a true gem!
B0045XRJ0C|5.0|As soon as I read the details on this package, I knew I needed to add it to my collection. The 2/C-D,DVD Set is Awesome. Sound Quality is Amazing. This group of young talented singer/songwriters will captivate the listener. They have such a unique and singular sound that sets them apart from other bands.To be able to do this at such a young age is so good on the senses..but, they did start this band at a very early stage in their lives.The talent comes through on the live recordings.When a band sounds just as good, or better live, than in the studio, You know they are the Real-Deal.I highly recommend this Gem of a recording. It definitely is a \\"Keeper\\"!  Jamesp.
B000K7VHQE|1.0|What a dud! Keep pinching yourself as you watch this tawdry little train wreck and remember.. \\"This was nominated for Best Picture and [[ASIN:B000GH3CR0 United 93 (Widescreen Edition)]] was not.\\" It seems our creative community can do nothing but sneer.. sneer at every belief and value on which this country was built, sneer at the very concepts of beauty and decency. I guess that's what they learn at film school. Maybe I'm too old.
B004HGBUVG|5.0|I almost didn't order this CD ( I couldn't listen to her recent Little Honey, nor had much interest in West, preferring instead what she did last century, [[ASIN:B000007NYS Lucinda Williams (Reis)]], [[ASIN:B000001A3J Sweet Old World]], and [[ASIN:B000IMUY42 Car Wheels on a Gravel Road]] or even the more commercial sounding releases from the early '00 [[ASIN:B00005B8GS Essence]] and [[ASIN:B000089RV5 World Without Tears]]), but did, due to some glowing pre-reviews, and I'm SO glad.<br /><br />This could be her best recording yet, the perfect balance of raw vocals and tight polished instrumentation. The main disc is what really counts here, the second \\"Kitchen Tapes\\", is nice as a bonus, but wouldn't be much on it's own (demo-like solo versions which sound more like her earliest albums, but not as good).<br /><br />The songwriting here covers pretty much Lucinda's familiar turf (love, loss, suicide, redemption, sacrifice, and renewal). It isn't so much new, as just really well done - including all the elements that she has done so well for so long. And this is what makes it remarkable, that it sounds so good, so fresh, so real, again.
0307474275|5.0|This was a wonderful read.  I could have done without some of the blood and guts, but many of you would probably miss the violence if it was left out.<br /><br />I was delighted with the story: an explanation of what is meant by The Holy Grail in some quarters.  (This definition certainly makes more sense than most others.)  I particularly like to read about first century events, and since I don't really admire the Church in Rome, this sort of story certainly resonates.  Altogether a wonderfully plotted and executed book, and I cannot praise it too highly.  (And the movie wasn't bad, either!)<br /><br />Arch
B004I2K4DY|3.0|I question the directing and some of the casting for this 25th outing -- you have the incredible Alfie Boe and then you have just about everyone else.<br /><br />Jean Valjean: Alfie Boe  -SUPERB!!<br />Javert: Norm Lewis - JUST OK; TOO STIFF, EVEN FOR JAVERT -- I ASSUME THIS IS A FAILURE IN GOOD DIRECTING<br />Marius: Nick Jonas - OMG, THIS IS HORRIBLE!!!<br />Fantine: Lea Salonga - A HUGE LETDOWN; NO EMOTIVE POWERS BUT A BEAUTIFUL VOICE.  -- I HOPE THIS IS A FAILURE IN GOOD DIRECTING<br />Th&eacute;nardier: Matt Lucas - WHY IS THIS CHARACTER PLAYED AS A FEY POOFSTER?  -- I ASSUME THIS IS A FAILURE IN GOOD DIRECTING<br />Mme Th&eacute;nardier: Jenny Galloway - A TREAT!<br />Cosette: Camilla Kerslake  - RAVISHING BEAUTY IN ALL WAYS.<br /><br />Go to YouTube and watch Alfie Boe doing \\"Bring Him Home\\" and save yourself a lot of trouble (though I should add that the \\"reunion\\" songs at the post-production are great, where some of the original / early performance cast come back).
0865479186|2.0|This book is clearly written for the beginner who lacks basic statistical understanding.  He states that in his introduction yet I still wanted to go ahead and see what Ben brought to the table in terms of how he breaks down statistics and what Pseudoscience he actually covers.<br /><br />I was disappointed that he didn't explore multiple studies per chapter or go in depth into specific examples like quoting directly and then showing the statistical errors.<br /><br />I was disappointed he didn't get into more interesting debates like cholesterol and saturated fat affecting heart disease as I would have loved to see him counter Anthony Colpo's The Great Cholesterol Con.<br /><br />What earns this review a 2 was a poor chapter that attacked the AIDS denialists, not their science. I thought this was called \\"BAD SCIENCE', yet he didn't refute once the denialist view that HIV does not cause AIDS. Instead it seemed to me that he thought it was so well known that HIV causes AIDS, that nobody needed convincing that the other viewpoint was wrong. Well I am interested in the debate but I was left with only attacks on character. Even going to his website and trying to find specific problems with the denialist's theories left me almost emptyhanded<br />If you can help, WHERE'S THE SCIENCE?<br /><br />In the end he does relay the important message: This world is full of people who will do what it takes to make that $$$.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|Which means added and improved special effects should be welcomed!Yes I would rather have a digital Jabba get his tail stepped on instead of haveing a human protray him and then later on replace the human in the third film with a big slug. The whole Greedo shooting first thing I kind of understand. And I do have a small pet peeve against repalceing old ghost Anakin with young Anakin. But other than that these are movies whose story is enhanced by special effects! If years later down the line a technology exists that improves aspects of the movie then why not do it! As long as it doesnt affect the over all story then there really isnt any reason to be completly upset over it.
B0034KZE9U|5.0|These shoes are very comfortable and this particular sole is very slip-resistant.  (Many of the other crocs are treacherous on a wet floor.)  For those who want vents, the vents are molded into them, but the rubber is not removed.  Look at any picture with a side view and you can see where the vents go.  (Look at the [[ASIN:B0034KZE2W crocs Unisex Specialist Vent Clog]] for comparison.)  A pair of pointed scissors works very nicely for cutting out the vents.  I use the scissors on my Leatherman, but I'm guessing a pair of manicure scissors would work as well.  I prefer this configuration, since I can just keep one spare pair on hand and decide whether or not to cut out the vents based on the season when I start wearing them.
031603438X|5.0|I'm 'way past The Stones when they were popular - I really only heard them through my kids. 'Never expected that a book by Keith Richards would be so fascinating - and good writing. I learned a lot about things you never know that go on within a group.     I bought the book and sent it to my son who was a guitar player of that era. I enjoyed mine on my Kindle on the plane.    J.Herbert
B001EN71CW|5.0|I found this series after it was cancelled but was really impressed with it.  If you're a sci-fi fan, you need to watch it through at least once.
B0008237BO|5.0|This is the real deeper than rap! To me one of the most important rap albums ever. Every song on here goes hard. At the time it came out it was very emotional and heart touching to all of his fans. My whole city was bumpin it every where you went, no bootlegs all real cds out the store, that may never happen again!R.I.P. Tupac one Luv!
B004HU6YZ4|4.0|Like a lot of reviewers, I was initially surprised by Hard Times ... I've been a Social D fan for longer than I care to admit for fear of dating myself and have found every album to be (maybe not so much, on some occasions) subtly different than the one that came years before it. What I always enjoyed, though, was hearing how Mike Ness had evolved as a musician. For me, White Light, White Heat is a high point and I remember how everyone bagged on it when it came out. It wasn't punk enough, raw enough, etc. Whatever .. it was a fantastic collection of songs that showcased Ness as a songwriter and guitarist finally breaking out of the three chord/four track recording confines that punk bands used to be bound to. Same goes for Hard Times. Sure, there are a couple of lackluster tracks that always pop up on SD albums, but who cares? Hustle and Flow, with its gospel singers, \\"down the line\\" lyric and what might be an open tuning, is one of the most transparent Stones borrows I've ever heard. But you know what? Mike Ness still does it so well that I don't care. Machine Gun Blues is so full of cliche that it almost seems like Mike's having a laugh, but listen to it twice and tell me that it doesn't stick with you all day. As for the rest of the album, Sweet and Lowdown and Diamond In The Rough are among the best songs Social D has ever put out. As another reviewer mentioned, good ole Uncle Mike is rolling up on 50 and this album proves that he's still in the game, writing great rock n roll songs. While maybe no longer a punk ambassador, he's as relevant as always. If you need further proof, search youtube for him performing Bad Luck with Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band. The guy is a legend.
B000063DI8|4.0|This album is awesome and deserves way more credit than it gets. Yes, there are some meh songs on the album, but I thought this album was way better than Fear of the Dark. And yes, Fear of the Dark had good songs, but most of the album was not very good.<br /><br />Holy Smoke is an awesome song, the music video is quite comical which is 100% okay because every band needs to have a good laugh once in awhile.
0545265355|5.0|I sit here after just having read the last page of the final book with tears still fresh in my eyes.  These books are evocative and thought provoking even after the last page.    I would absolutely buy these books a hundred times over.  You will not be able to put them down after you read the first few pages.    Best set of books I have read probably of all time.  To note: I am not generally interested in sci fi and while these books are about sci fi/fantasy they do not fit the typical mode.
B00000IP2L|3.0|A nice album byu Black Label. Its heavy and there is a lot bass sound (i dont like too much bass sound). There previous works was better , especially book of shadows. Here they sound like Black Sabbath but with changes in the tempo not so monotonous as Black Sabbath are. There are very good solos (as always). I hope they change their sound a little bit and continue the good work
0061433047|5.0|This has been marked as the \\"final\\" Tiffany Aching book, and indeed by the end, Tiffany has come into her own in a way that would be hard to top for any more books. That being said, I will miss the Feegles and am thankful for the stories Sir Terry has written about them.     This book is much, much darker than Pratchett's usual stories, but he deals with those subjects with as much grace and gentleness as they can be dealt with and still have them in the book at all. I think the way Tiffany handles the horrors she has to deal with is a good role model for teenage children. I think the book is even appropriate for some younger children because the horrors that happen are vague in such a way that they might recognize \\"awful\\" but not really know why.     I appreciate the book's timing. A book about witch hunts and the evils of mob mentality in an era when far too much of it has gathered media attention seems particularly appropriate this year.
B003ZTQN1I|3.0|I saw the movie and loved the movie soundtrack. Expecting to hear the same songs and artists on the soundtrack, I was totally disappointed. Songs I did not remember, different artists singing the songs i really liked, especially 'Give In To Me' which Garrett Hedlund killed in the movie, was sung by a woman.   Totally different and less sensational.  A big disappointment.
0553293397|5.0|Naked Sun is part of the Robot series by Isaac Asimov. The book continues the adventures of Elijah Baley, Earth Detective working with a robot partner solving crimes on colonized planets.  It's a fun read with some innovative ideas around cultural development and how people can get on diverse societal and evolutionary paths when separated by space.    If you are a fan of Asimov, you'll enjoy this one as well. I recommend you read Caves of Steel first though to allow you to follow the story, but it can be read as a standalone adventure.  Also, I Robot short-stories are a good companion book.    PS. If you've already read the extended Foundation series, this book will give you some good background on Solaria and how the planet developed.
B004DMNT2W|3.0|Lowepro makes wonderful products. Their bags are well made with strong stitching, padding and construction. This particular bag for camcorders is small and well made, but it was much too snug for my camcorder. I couldn't get the top zipped. However, it worked well with my [[ASIN:B001BO7R00 Kodak Zi6 HD Pocket Video Camera]] and I was able to put the battery charger, cords and extra SD cards in with the camera too. The Sony and JVC camcorders were just too big.
1591843790|5.0|Don't read this book because Sir Richard Branson and Steve Wozniak say you should.  Read this book because it will make you a better person.  This book provides practical tips that we can use starting today to lead a better life and make the lives of those around us better.  Kawasaki has written another must read.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0470638842 Socialnomics: How Social Media Transforms the Way We Live and Do Business]]
055358894X|2.0|I suppose my idea of a fantasy is different than the modern day version--a crass, everyday term as every other word, depressing, and completely unscrupulous...if I wanted those things, I'd read the paper.  When did we get so negative?  Can't we have the hero anymore?
B0017SWPXY|5.0|This is it....<br />Books like this are why noone has ever been successful in prying my fingers off of books. Why I sat under the covers with a flashlight as a little kid. Why, pre-Kindle, I saved stacks and stacks of books hoping that my daughter, and then my granddaughter, would find the same passion in reading that I always have.
B00402FGEE|4.0|Like many I wasn't sure what to make of this show as I noticed it was very different from the previous 2 series. It was made clear what that was after a few weeks. This series was a serious one. Let's make one thing very clear and that's that both previous Stargates made a joke out of the movie. The first series was ok as we grew to love the characters but sometimes it was just unrealistic and the last few seasons just went too far with earth having a space ship and taking us into Star Trek. The rumor that a new movie version that would iqnore the series was a hope that never happened. Atlantis wore itself out and quite frankly even though it had a great enemy didn't have as good a cast the first series had and became pretty dumb. Universe had a couple of poor cast choices but by the end of season 1 made up for that with some outstanding efforts from others of the main cast that will cause them to land other efforts. Season 2 gave hope that the mystery would be made clear but as with most decent shows the creators are unable to create a story behind a story and just wait take to long and drag it out. Remember Babylon 5 when you couldn't wait for next week and even though it was a filler episode you still couldn't wait for the next week. Yet even B5's last season took a drive when the spiders were gone. Had the writers explained early what these people could do with the ship and that there was a higher purpose to it all who knows. Instead we got the same old alien race want's this or that and they're chasing us and what do we do etc etc. Still I began to enjoy the series and look forward to it more than not. This is a serious science fiction series attempt and if you are a \\"serious\\" science fan you should give it a watch. Otherwise go find Farscape or the like and go along with the joke.
B000C20VPA|3.0|\\"Casino\\" is an interesting film in many respects but it has several weaknesses. Let's start with the good: the portrait of 1970's Las Vegas is fascinating and Director Martin Scorsese  has the details perfected - right down to the clothes, home decor, and music. Scorsese and Nicolas Pileggi introduce an interesting array of characters, from Casino Director Ace (Robert Deniro), Mob Hit Guy Nicky (Joe Pesci), Vegas hooker Ginger (Sharon Stone), and sleazy pimp Lester (James Woods), among others. A stone-faced Don Rickles plays the Casino manager. This is a standard Scorsese film of excess, greed, and downfall -  and that's the problem. \\"Casino\\" seems like a film we've seen before, notably \\"Goodfellas,\\" with enough head-bashing and F-bombs to more than fill the near 3-hour running time. At times, the story plods along until some bit of drama shakes things up. There are too many secondary characters that are not developed and seem insignificant. The performances are mixed: DeNiro plays Ace Rothstein as something of a victim, which is not what he does best. Pesci, in a bad wig, does a retread of his \\"Goodfellas\\" role and his grating voice and obnoxious mannerisms are not an asset. Stone gives the best performance of the film - and of her career. She is spot-on as an addict in denial headed for a dead end. This, and some interesting details, make this a good but not great film.
B000FC2PKG|1.0|I kept waiting for some redemption in this ever worsening drama/crime/mystery. The writing was decent, the story and characters were just awful I could not even finish the book - I tried and persevered ... and was left feeling awful.
B0037QGS0A|5.0|\\"Chloe\\" is an outstanding drama with fine performances from the actors.<br /><br />Fine performances from Julianne Moore and Liam Neeson were no surprise. From the almost supernaturally sexy Amanda Seyfried, it was quite a surprise. She is much more than just a pretty face and a spectacular body.<br /><br />The movie's sex scenes are so poignant that they're almost unerotic.<br /><br />It's too bad that many people who would appreciate a serious, character-driven movie like \\"Chloe\\" will be put off by the explicitness of the sex scenes.
B001SGEUMY|5.0|These songs stand up with anything from their previous recordings. These songs are pure Oasis - big choruses, catchy riffs, and precise musicianship. There is only one song that could be described as \\"filler\\" (Part of the Queu).     Don't miss a great ROCK disc, especially  Turn Up the Sun  Lyla  Guess God thinks I'm Abel      This disc outclasses the majority of music from 2000-2010.
B000002J1L|5.0|Perhaps everything has been said about this album; it certainly defines early Genesis sound. My only problem with it arouse quite recently, when I became more aware of Anthony Phillips' contribution in defining this unique style and even more, his likely (to me, obvious) contribution in writing material that was used in several of Genesis' masterpieces. I believe it's the duty of every fan of the band to rectify this error and make it known that this most accomplished composer and guitar player's influence on the band did not end the moment he left.
