B000000OMB|5.0|Because I loved \\"Only Time Will Tell\\" so much, this was one of the first cd's I bought almost ten years ago and I found myself loving almost all the songs on this album. \\"Heat of the Moment\\" was a real flashback and I had forgotten how much I liked it. To this day, this is still one of my favorite cd's. Wetton's voice is powerful and clear, while Howe's guitar soars like an eagle on tracks like \\"Here Comes the Feeling\\" and \\"Wildest Dreams.\\" There are excellent underlayments of keyboard in \\"Heat of the Moment\\" and I think these musicians made a great team. This is a true 80's rock album without the glam, and even though it may not be to everyone's taste, it is a wonderful collection of well-performed, melodic rock music that has stood the test of time with many listeners.
6302767741|5.0|What can I say about this movie that hasn't been said? This is a very well made movie with some of the best performances I have ever seen. Everyone gives 110% in their respective roles. I was familiar with Branagh, Thompson, Fry, Laurie, and Rudner before seeing this, and even the ones I wasn't familliar with still played convincingly. There was just so much chemestry between all of the actors. I showed this to a friend yesterday, and he loved it. The humor (especially Branagh's) was right on target, and it made us laugh even after the film was over. My friend (who is an aspiring writer) told me that some of the scenes in the film sounded like something he would've thought up. I liked the opening credits of Peter's Friends as well. They go through all the pop culture starting in 1982 (where the movie begins) and ending up in 1992 (where the movie picks up after the credits). A soundtrack of familiar '80s songs in also helpful. Many people will compare this to The Big Chill, but this one stands alone and in most cases, better than The Big Chill. Peter's Friends is an example of how to make a funny entertaining film that people can relate to a personal level. The lesson it gives is no matter how messed up your friends get, they will always be there for you. Way to go, Branagh.
B000000993|5.0|I remember back in the early 90's when I was just learning to appreciate metal in all of it's forms and textures.  I saw this crazy video on MTV with these puppets and no band.  There was a heart-wrenching feeling to the singing and a unique moodiness to the song &quot;Sober.&quot;  So I picked up this CD and listened.  ...and listened and got my heart wrenched some more and, and... what more can I say?  This is Led Zepplin for the 90's.  The music on this CD is dark yet has these strange moments that can uplift you.  They pull you along with them visiting these places of emotional upheaval and straight up rage and anger.  Yet this is not really heavy metal in the classic sense.  Tool has such a unique and intricate sound they can't be classed in a group.  This is my favorite of their CD's not because it was their first major effort or the first one I purchased, but because it's their most complex and best work.  There isn't one song on here I don't like.  Ok, I skip the 1st track most of the time but only because it reminds me of my ex-girlfriend.  Then again that's a great example of how much emotion is packed into these songs.  Tool simply rules.
B000001Y5J|5.0|My favorite track is &quot;Gave Up&quot;, but the whole cd is wonderful. Don't forget the hidden tracks (98 &amp; 99), because they are not to be missed.
B000002U82|5.0|Do you give stars to Eiffel tower ? or to the Empire state building ? To estimate their tall or beauty is no longer an issue : They are, and they are symbols ! Dark side of the moon is like that. I even don't know if it's the best pink floyd, but it is a good one anyway. But most of all, it is a symbol of its time. When I listen to it, I feel the first half of '70.
B00003CX95|5.0|Who knew that actor Mel Gibson, can pull off directing this kind of film. After directing his first film, title is The Man without a face was a good movie, thanks for his performance and Nick Stahl(Distrubing Behavior) in a standout performance. The first two third was good but the last half hour of his first directing job was almost a major flaw. Braveheart is something close to Gibson heart, why the decide to directed and star in the picture. The true heart of the film is about Freedom, the plot: Is about a man named William Wallace(Gibson in an emotionally charged performance), a bold Scotman, who`s have come back in his homeland Scotland after twenty years, who`s really want to live in peace and want to have a family of his own. He was always in love with a young woman, he has know her a little since childhood. They both fall in love, one day English Soldiers, whò have almost raped his woman and then killed her. Wallace has killed all english soldiers with the help of his friends in his village and then a war between the English and Scotland are fighting, what it`s right to own their freedom. <br />DVD has great widescreen (2.35:1) format(Which also enhanced for 16x9) and Superb Dolby Digital 5.1 Sorround Soundtrack with excellent use of base. An fine running commentary track by actor/director Mel Gibson. A 30 minutes behind the scenes featurette titled-A Filmmaker`s Passion:The Making Of Braveheart. A Excellent DVD to own. Grade:A. Panavision.
0517591812|3.0|Edward Rutherford does his homework and this book is evidence of it.  A long time fan of Michner, I settle into Rutherford looking forward to a good historical romp through a place I may or may not be familiar with, and generally enjoy myself.<br />What a pity I've never been to London because knowing the layout of the city a bit better I might have understood a good deal more in this book.  The maps in the front were abysmal and didn't help in the slightest.  I soon gave up looking at them and concentrated on the characters.  Rutherford threw in so many small jokes throughout the generations in reference to their ancestors, I wonder how many I missed that were refering to real places in London?<br />My biggest disappointment with London was that Rutherford ignored large parts of history that may have been the most interesting.  He begins with Julius Caesar and the Roman conquest of England, paying little attention to the life of the Druids who lived for centuries undisturbed on the island.  He then skips along through the next thousand years, pausing briefly to discuss the introduction of Christianity before jumping to the Crusades.<br />The majority of the novel takes place in the last 500 years, and to me seems more a history of England than of London itself.  Too many of the characters are upper class to be interesting.  You can read about upper class Englishmen in Elizabethan times in just about any novel you pick up these days.  I would have enjoyed it more to hear about the lower classes, or to stay with the merchants as Rutherford does earlier in these centuries.<br />Which is not to say the book isn't worth reading.  Each chapter is a good story within itself, showing a portrait of a given time and how the people who lived in it might have acted.  I always enjoy seeing how several families may interact with each other over centuries without realizing it.  I think the first half of the book was the most interesting, but then I read a lot of novels that take place in Elizabethan and later times so the earlier time periods are less familiar.<br />In short, if you're at the library and want to grab one more nice thick book, maybe for a long train or plane ride, this is a good one.ake place in Elizabethan and later times so the earlier time periods are less familiar.  <br />In short, if you're at the library and want to grab one more nice thick book, maybe for a long train or plane ride, this is a good one.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Incredible movie, the action scenes, acting, costumes and sets were faultless and the visions of imperial Rome were of epic proportions, a sort of computerised Ben Hur.  Braveheart revitalized the epic, Gladiator proves a worthy torch bearer.  Question though, and this is for Ridley, why were the Germanic army taunting the Roman legions in Zulu?  The opening battle features motivational singing dubbed directly out of the classic Cy Endfield's film Zulu?  I guess it was too cold to sing in Europe.
B00004X01U|4.0|To me, Madonna is one of the most interesting and talented artists out there.  A woman who continously re-invents herself in music, style and appearance.  Album after album we see a new Madonna.  Sure, she has had a few disappointing albums (eg. I'm Breathless/Dick Tracey Soundtrack, and perhaps Bedtime Stories but one could argue that they were all part of an incredible journey. This album continues Madonna move into a more mature style.  The title track, after three listens is such an electronic masterpiece.  'Music' deserves the number 1 single placement in Australia that it has received (great video too).  I agree with others, the other tracks take a couple of listens to take to, but absolute gems they are !  There is only one MAJOR disappointment with this album.  In Australia they have included her recent hit 'American Pie' which is quite possibly the worst cover of any song.
0395925037|5.0|Mien Kampf is an interesting, Maciavelian look into the thoughts of one of the worlds most hated and loved men. Adolf Hitler expresses his excellent points and views on the twisted world we live in, it also dives into his past an experiences in this cruel world. Hitler talks of the flaws of society and how one person is good, yet people are bad. He disects his personal teenage and adult hood experiences and makes a point of it, such as nationalism, how History is an improtant factor and should be studied although we can never really find absolute &quot;truth&quot; (DON'T BE NHILISTIC! ), How society is heavily weighted towards the rich and how the hard working man or woman ends up with the short end of the stick. He explains his art of reading, and his massive intrest in politics. He also goes into trade unions and the politics wrapped and weaved within. He was an avid patriot of his home country, Germany, he talks and talks about his country, and the flaws in the war and the alliances within. He was a very educated and very deep in his thoughts, He was a very smart man, untill he decided to attempt to take over the world. after all he demonstrated once more that the greatest form of consealment is the broadest of publicity.
B00003CXE7|2.0|I know I'm not gonna find anyone to agree with me when I say I didn't like this movie. It was just too . . . formulaic.<br />The villain was the same type of villain we've seen in all the movies--dirty, rotten, stupid , yada yada.  Then there's the female role who's all nice and we all have to like her. Then there's the kid who's just annoying. <br />The only good thing is Russell Crowe, the special effects, and stunning overall look of this movie. I hated the cheesy moments--the dream sequences didn't work. I don't know why anyone would cry at this movie. You have to be a real softie to.<br />Great-looking, but nothing new in the story.
0425107469|5.0|hi<br />If only Stephen King could write like this. This is one fine story.I have found the difference between Koontz and King is imagination.King has never shown an original thought in anything he has written.everything of Dean's is original.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|I own all of Bjork's albums, because she's the most innovative singer of our time. Her music is a blend of tradition and futuristic techno--you can't quite categorize her. <br />This album is short! Too bad. But it's worth the $15. The opening track is like an epic movie score, her duet with Thom Yorke from Radiohead (another innovative musical artist) on the song &quot;I've Seen It All&quot; is strange and beautiful. They're speaking in a funny yet introspective conversation about seeing the world. The other most notable track is the last track--it's bold, strange, and beautiful. <br />This album won't disappoint Bjork fans.
6302293553|5.0|This movie has it all:  violence (&quot;It's just a flesh wound.&quot;), sex (&quot;I am Sir Galihad the Chaste.&quot; &quot;And I am Zoot, just Zoot.&quot;), taunting (&quot;You empty-headed amimal food-trough wiper!&quot;),politics (&quot;Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses.&quot;) and music (&quot;We're the Knights of the Round Table, we dance when'er we're able.&quot;)  You want a moive with quotable lines?  THIS IS IT!  The writing is fantastic, the humor is screwball and oh so British, and the costumes are excitingly authentic, except the witch's (&quot;We did do the nose.&quot;)
B00003ZA0T|5.0|OMG! THis album rocks! First they took the 2 best songs from mfkr, then made 12 new bone crushing tracks, and gave u one WICKED album. A lot of people dont understand having all of the members(3 drummers, 2 guitars, 1 bass, 1 sampler, 1 dj, and one awsome singer who sounds like hes diing) if u like static-x, kittie, taproot, korn, and system of a down u'll live for this.
B00000FBRE|4.0|I had bought Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 for Playstation and it had the song &quot;May 16&quot; from Lagwagon on it .. I loved the song and went out and bought the album the next day.  The album is very, very good .. I have heard Lagwagon before from a Fat Wreck Chords compilation and essentially knew what kind of music they played, but I didn't expect the emotional melody I got from some of the songs, especially tracks 2, 5, and 11.  This is a definite good buy .. You won't be sorry.
B00000DLV1|5.0|Portishead is excellent, tantalizing and totally moving.  This album is one of the best albums I have ever listened to.
0449911357|5.0|This book is my all-time favorite.  Flagg's portrayal of the south rings true.  Her touching friendships span time, and show us what true friendship means today.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia is a long film at 3 hours but well worth it. You cant sit down expecting to be blasted away with special effects or to see cops chasing robbers.Otherwise you will be disapointed. This movie also will take a little bit of thinking on your part during as well as after. In the end youll either love it,or you will curse the day you ever thought of seeing it(and ask yourself why you listen to me). But in the end Magnolia is a deep almost stream of conciousness like movie that will probably be required viewing material for future english classes of America.
B00000FCBC|4.0|This double CD has got a little of everything on it.  Bob Seger to The Misfits!? How many bands do that!? &quot;Tuesday's Gone&quot; is the only song I wish they left out because it's boring and goes on for 9 minutes! A version of Kiss' &quot;War Machine&quot; would have been interesting too! ha.  A double CD worth owning..interesting CD booklet too..crammed with photos and info.  Now if they would have done those Motorhead covers a LITTLE bit better....
0780631684|5.0|I bought this movie on DVD yesterday, and I had been waiting for it for quite some time now. Basically everything I'd read about it was positive and even the guy at the store... told me it was a darn good movie, so my expectations were very high, as you can imagine.<br />What I loved most about it was that from frame 1, almost everything was kind of creepy. It really has a great feel to it. Some of the murders are quite clever and you can always sense that there's something there. Supposedly death, which it is, but you never see it. It's mostly shadows and winds.<br />So, how do you beat death? Well, that's a tricky one, but watch the movie, enjoy it, and laugh. Great fun and great horror.
B000002H6C|4.0|the bad production, we've heard all that already.  But it's still a great CD...They should've called this album &quot;The Lars Album&quot; because he is doing so much with the drums it's incredible.  &quot;Blackened&quot; has got to be one of the weirdest songs they've ever done...tempo changes, speed of light guitar solos, etc.  my only complaint is that the 2 nearly 10-minutes songs could've been shorter because they get too repetive..ok, we get the drum/guitar doodling in the title track but do they have to keep coming back to it after the solo and 7 minutes of hearing it? Good CD regardless...bad bass production and all!
B00000JCOV|3.0|This is a good album, but if you are not going to buy every heavy metal/new metal/death metal album released then go by Soulfly or System of a Down first.  Those two albums are more developed than Slipnot and contain the same hard edge that brings you to buy the harder music anyway.  I do think this groups next album will be great, definitely a lot of talent.
4789007758|5.0|I bought this book when I was in Japan and it was one of the best investments I made. I was in a Japanese class where the teacher only spoke Japanese, and all of my classmates were Korean. It was very hard for me to learn grammar in that environment, because the teacher couldn't just tell me the meaning in English, he had to try to explain it in Japanese. I went out and bought this book, and it was a life saver. I could look up the grammer points I needed to learn, and the explanations were incredible. All of my friends who are learning Japanese love this book too. <br />I really can't think of anything bad about this book. It contains a very useful appendix of compound verbs and compound particles. This is the best 750 pages of grammar you will ever read.
B00004T9UF|5.0|A friend lent me this CD at work.  Within 2 days I had to buy it.  HAD TO.  I'm not a rap fan.  Poetry's actually more my thing, and folk music.  But the rage and talent blend of these lyrics and beats is at once shocking, intoxicating, offensive (guilty conscience) . . . and madly addictive.  I was actually looking forward to going to work so I could listen to this CD for 8-9 hours.  A real shot of adrenaline for anyone with a dull, predictable life.  Who won't admit, at some pissed-off point, to not wanting to turn one finger on each hard up?  No one I know.  It may not be for you, but it's demonstrably for millions of others, and for me.  Heck, parents, your kids' vocabulary will benefit -- Em uses a lot of words they'll have to look up, and I'm not talking merely &quot;dirty&quot; ones.  I can't wait for his third album.
4893581198|5.0|This is part 2 of the Basic Kanji Book, and contains 249 characters, bringing the total for the two books up to 500. This volume is even better than the first because the Kanji are more advanced, and there is a minimal amount of English. All of the instructions are written in Japanese, and the only English you see is when they are translating new words. <br />If you are uncomfortable with the idea of having to know how to read a lot of Japanese in order to be able to understand this book, make sure you get volume 1 and work through that. Otherwise you might have a hard time getting the most out of this book. <br />This is the best book you can get for learning how to read, write, and understand Kanji. It also teaches you how to read train schedules, how to use a Kanji to Japanese dictionary, and how to fill in a form.<br />Once you are done with this book, you'll find yourself understanding a lot more about Japanese and Kanji.
014028009X|2.0|Why do I express my disapproval of that book? It was intended as a light and entertaining reading for ladies - that genre is somewhere outside of critics' target range. You do not want to experience that sweet little nothing - do not read the book. Millions of readers enjoy it - so it's existence is justified.<br />Still I feel rather strongly about Bridget Jones's Diary. For me it's another monstrously overhyped piece of garbage to come out of Britain recently - along with Harry Potter debility. As I know from the interviews the USA was reluctant to swallow that book now it's found the way to the bookstores.<br />I really enjoy reading women's works starting from Sei Shonagon and Murasaki Shikibu up to Amy Tan. The books are charming and witty, full of insights - the peeks into the minds of humaity's better half. <br />But here we have something else. I think that many of the readers, even these  not very sensitive to nuances, suspect that, but let themselves to be carried along with that wave of \\"screamingly funny!\\" and \\"a comic masterpiece\\" reviews.  Not many of us are ready to admit that the book is not hilarious but only mildly amusing, often tasteless, and the main character is not an endearingly awkward misfit but the annoying and ultimately boring person with zero spiritual life.<br />You can count all the smileworthy jokes with the fingers of one hand. I was amused when Bridget tried to imagine herself a couple years after stopping leg-shaving and skin-peeling as a kind of Struwelpetter, but I was not roaring with laughter. The comic fear of being half-eaten by Alsatian is also funny, but when Helen Fielding belched with that joke for a dozen times more it's potential was exhausted well before the book ended.<br />And these statistics that precede every entry in the diary! I've made the effort of reading every one of them - they were put here for some reason. And I do not know why. They become routine very quickly, no sparkles there. To think that a human life can be judged by such parameters! Why did not she make it more \\"amusing\\"? She could include there the visits to a  loo and rate them as v.g, v.v.g or just n.b . And I am sure that would be appreciated by the readers. <br />What's the trick? Helen Fielding  wrote a book about the maladjusted semi-alcoholic, the thirtysomethingish woman that is still alone for a very obvious reasons and provided her with a Prince Charming at the end. The god from machine. The overachieving international lawyer forsook all the gorgeous Natashas of the world to fall in love with the plain-looking woman with messed-up mind. Do you remember the \\"witty\\" dialogue that preceded his final fit of infatuation? They were discussing the reasons for some dull political figure having an attractive wife and our girl came up with the explanation - He is a good shagger.  How fresh and original! How very funny! How could that owner of the first-rate brain resist Bridget for a second more!  <br />The book's reassuring message is: No matter how stupid and unexciting you are, no matter how pathetic and egoistic, the fabulously wealthy and clever male in his prime is waiting for you just around the corner.  Just like Harry Potter series promise a ticket to the world of magic to the common Joe, Helen Fielding addresses the plain Jane in her bestselling piece of nothing.<br />And just like her fellow British millionairess-and-writer, Ms. Fielding succumbed to the worst form of sequelitis. And what do you want her to do? The lady's first book was about the refugee camps in Sudan. Who wants to read it? Let's forget the poor ones and move to something funny. Now she struck the gold and we are guaranteed the follow up - there is more money to be made. Yes, we have just one life and it's better spent with a couple millions to spare. And if the garbage can bring it let's do the garbage.  Let's respect \\"success\\" in every form.
4893580914|5.0|This book stands out from other Kanji books for a few very good reasons. The Kanji are grouped into units, and each unit is about a specific theme, such as Kanji for human relationships, or nouns made from two Kanji. The book only uses Kana for readings, which is good for becoming better at reading Japanese.<br />There are also a ton of reading exercises and writing drills.  The book itself uses a lot of Japanese. All of the unit titles are written in Japanese, and near the end of the book instructions are also written in Japanese. This book contains 251 kanji covered in 22 lessons, and also has a nice little index for looking them up based on their reading. <br />I can't say enough good things about this book, and the only real problem is that you have to buy both volumes 1 and 2 to learn all 500 kanji.
B00004RHZU|4.0|Who new this girl could sing? Not just sing, sing very well at that? To be honest I was a little apprehentious on buying this CD, 'cause often do I buy a CD and find out that the only song I like is the one they've been overplaying on the radio. That's what happened with 'There You Go', great song, but I was a little worried that the rest of the CD wouldn't hold up.<br />Was I wrong.<br />This girl has got a lot of soul, that is undeniable. She's up there, I think, with Whitney and Janet, surpasses Mariah on that level. Her chops ain't too bad either. Not comparable to Whitney, nor Mariah, but that's not the attraction. She holds a mystique, kind of how Madonna did with POP music, she does the same thng with R&amp;B, and does it well. She's got a 'tude, and I like that.<br />But what about the music? This CD slams...for the most part. The biggest factor I like about it is that she wrote, or co-wrote rather, many of the tracks on this CD, using of course her real name of A. Moore. <br />The CD starts with the great track, 'Split Personality' which from the get-go emphasises its attitude with great results. The beat is infectious, the chorus highly dubbed, the over all effect is great.  <br />Follow that up with 'Hell Wit Ya' and do I even have to mention the attitude in this one? This girl is tough, simple song about kicking that crap out the door. Love the beat, great song!<br />The next song is actually the reason I bought the CD. 'Most Girls' is a highly infectious song, written by long time collaborators Babyface and D.Thomas. I loved this song, but the only problem with this one is it gets kind of repetitious after a while, as do most of the tracks I've already mentioned.<br />Not so with 'There You Go' The lead single from the album, a Top 10 hit, and probably the best track on the CD - but there are close follow ups. The drums at the beginning make it one of the years most reconizable hits. Great track, love the 'tude htis girl has!<br />Now No.5 is the secondbest track I think. This song is slammin', from beginning to end. Love it! 'You Make Me Sick', love the title too! Great lyrics....that is another plus of this CD, good sonwriting. I won't say its amazing (REFER TO MADONNA'S  'MUSIC'  FOR THAT) All in all however, it's pretty darn good.<br />The rest of the CD ain't so slammin' and thats where this one falls. The highlite on the latter tracks is No.10, 'Stop Falling.' The vehicle in which Pink can show just how her chops work. This is where she rises above the Aaliyah's and Monica's and shows just how talented she actually is. The song is sensuous and sexy, the piano has a lounge feel, her voice is perfect. Another high-lite on this CD which is the debut from an artist that deserves a long time in the music bizz. Not bad, not bad at all.<br />Four out of Five
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pearl Jam over the years have evolved themselves as the best rock N roll band of the 90s. Binuaral looks to be a tired looking album from PJ. Tracks like Nothing as it seems, Light years and of the girl are good ballads. The album lacks a real punch and riffs as present in TEN. However having said this, BINAURAL is a different album and it represents light side of the band. They want to relax. This band has lot of potential especially with the vocals of Eddie Vedder who has emerged as one of the best singers in the modern day rock. PJ definitely will come with something which has more weight in the years to follow. This is a must buy CD for all PJ fans.
B00002ZZK2|5.0|From the opening seconds of &quot;Sand&quot;, to the closing moments of &quot;Trip Like I Do&quot;, this CD only gives me another reason to load it in again and press the &quot;repeat&quot; button. Living in Australia, I recieved the copy with the 2 bonus tracks. They're nothing special but none the less are great. Song highlights on this CD include &quot;Welcome To The Fold&quot;, &quot;Cancer&quot; and the very popular &quot;Take A Picture&quot;. You want a CD thats going to offer you a &quot;trip&quot; into musical insanity? Then add this title to your collection. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to put this Cd on and &quot;have a nice cold beer, and drink myself away&quot;!
0790749815|5.0|This great movie - certaily Hitchcock's GREATEST by far - should be included in any short list of the best movies ever made. I'll tell my own criterion for rating the great movie: if after the very first show I remember ALL single frames of it - and insist of telling to my friends all the action frame by frame, which is certainly  futil and silly action - than this IS indeed a great movie. When after the show I hardly remember its title and the star's name (&quot;you know, that stoopid guy, what's-his-name...)- it's the time waisted in vain.         This movie I saw first in NYC in 1967 JUST ONCE and than for TWENTY long years I tried to re-tell its content to all my friends in the Soviet Union. And then - oh,glory! - I got back to States and bought this video the first thing! I watch it and watch it - never getting tired of it. That cool glittering elegance of Eva Marie Saint... Eat your hearts out, you - today's Hollywood anorexic, asexual, politically correct so-called &quot;stars&quot; - THEY DON'T MAKE WOMEN LIKE EVA MARIE ANY MORE! And Cary Grant's performance is beyond words... Just to see that look on his face when he tries to shave himself with the ladies' shaver blade, or playing an idiot at the auction, or when he's standing on that empty crossroad waiting for whatever - it worth millions!       WHAT!  You mean, you haven't seen &quot;North by Northwest&quot; ONCE!  You gotta be out of your mind!
0316286443|5.0|Kevin Aucoin's work is amazing, you will be amazed at what he did with Martha Stewart. I have been a long admirer of his work and this book really shows what he can do as well as giving great tips for the reader.
B000002JSZ|5.0|If there's one AC/DC album that aims for respectability, for something more serious than the band's usual feel-good rock about sex, parties and rock n' roll, Flick of the Switch is that album.  Though Highway to Hell offers catchier tunes and Back in Black was the commercial behemoth, Flick of the Switch is the band at its most uncompromising, loaded with writhing electric-guitar work, seething energy, groove, and a darker touch.  From the bone-rattling power chords of &quot;Rising Power&quot; to the lumbering drive of &quot;Guns for Hire&quot;, AC/DC sounds metallic and tough, Brian Johnson taking his ragged vocal style to its limit (before he turned into the hoarse, oddly interesting, yet not-for-all-tastes screech in the '90s).  Possibly my favourite of the Brian Johnson AC/DC albums, even if it's less commercial, less anthemic, and less hook-laden than Back in Black.
B000005HBI|4.0|I brought this is after I  played New Moon Daughter to death. It remains as my favorite Cassandra Wilson record. With NMD in mind i brought New moon daughter expecting to here  the sound that I loved from that album. Boy,I was wrong. it's not that I didn't love Blue light to dawn it took me some time to truly digest where she was coming from musically. Wheras on New Moon,, her sound was very earthy almost a dusty memphis sound. On Blue light the feeling is more afican and blues based. Listening to this album is more like an experience.  The sounds on Blue light are very intricate and deep. On children of the night theres a tribal rhythm that combines with Cassandra earthy, smoke voice that is enchanting. Sankofa is an african spiritual song that  is done practically accapella. There are also a couple of Robert johnson songs covered by Cassandra. On come on in my kitchen cassandra wails on about a man that some girl got lucky and &quot;stole him back again&quot; very alluring. Hell hound on my tail is another RJ favorite that cassandra redoes to near perfection. But By far my favorite track is the final one the bewitching I can't stand the rain. On it you can really hear and feel how Cassandra's voice is much like an instrument playing along with the music. Blue light to dawn is a very good album, New Moon was perhaps a half step (that's arguable) but definetely an essential for Cassandra Wilson fans.
B000002JS8|5.0|Guilty pleasures aplenty populate this hard-rock classic, the last AC/DC album featuring Bon Scott.  And here the band is at its peak on all fronts -- catchy songwriting, insatiable riffing, deep-grooved and confident, Bon Scott singing better than ever, a marriage between raspy-throated goblin and starry-eyed sex symbol.  The first four songs of the album swing like mad -- the classic title track, featuring one of the most famous guitar riffs in rock; the sexy grind of &quot;Girls Got Rhythm&quot;; Scott's soaring growl on &quot;Walk All Over You&quot;; the libidinous interplay of racy lyrics and chiming guitars on &quot;Touch Too Much&quot;.  And &quot;Beating around the Bush&quot; sends those famous Young fingers a-flying with one of AC/DC's speediest, most jittery riffs.  It all boils down to a damned catchy pot of hard-rock classics, purely enjoyable, once and for all beating past my inhibitions about this band's juvenile lyrics and sexism.  It's just too much of a good time to miss.
B00000I8UE|4.0|One of the things that I have learned to apprecite about cassandra Wilson is her willingness to experiment with different forms of music. On Blue light til dawn it was african, on new moon daughter it was more blues/folk but on on her latest effort Cassandra delves back into jazz, but she's not just singing standards she's actually interprets various songs from miles davis. Another artist who was unafraid to take chances and experiment musically. Traveling miles is a Miles davis tribute / cassandra wilson album which for the most part is every bit as good as any of her other albums.  For the most part it works quite well. I really enjoyed her versions of Miles runs the voodoo down and seven steps to heaven. I wasn't as impressed with her version of someday my prince will come or blue in green. Her versions weren't bad they just weren't as awe inspiring . Perhaps i've been spoiled by so  many covers she does that work so well.  Like for instance her beautiful cover of a cyndi Lauper (?) cut time after time. It easily stands as one of the best cuts on traveling miles. Overall traveling miles is a very good Miles Davis tribute/ Cassandra Wilson album.
B000002L9S|5.0|I remember when I first listened to True Blue. I fell absolutely in love with it!!!!<br />In her previous two albums, as well, as all the albums that came after it, there are what you can call filler tracks (I Know It, Stay, Pretender, Spanish Eyes, Words, Thief of Hearts, etc), but EVERY single of the nine tracks of True Blue was a potential hit waiting to be unleashed into the world. <br />And it seems the world agreed with me. Of the 5 top five singles it spawned, three went straight to number one.  Even the songs that weren't released as singles, like the much maligned &quot;Jimmy Jimmy&quot; and the sacchrinely sweet &quot;Love Makes the World Go Round&quot; were catchy and exceptional.<br />Even though Like A Virgin made Madonna a star and household name, it is True Blue that made her stay up there and proved that she is not a flash in the pan. With her position consolidated, can Madonna really begin to experiment freely with her music, from Like A Prayer and onto today's Music.<br />True Blue is pure flawless pop music. It doesn't focus much on mature and spiritual subjects as in her later works, it doesn't cries about her mother or moan about the pitfalls of fame and fortune,  but it is an album that provides great, fun music from beginning to end, and it deserves to be in perpetual replay.
B00003CXAR|1.0|I was betrayed.<br /><br />What's worse, I lost my sales slip.<br /><br />I love JAWS...it's my all-time favorite film.  I've seen it over 100 times.  But this DVD transfer, dear friends, ain't it:<br /><br />This DVD has less information (albeit 2 deleted scenes that were not in the 1995 LaserDisc, but fewer overall) than the LD, and although the picture quality is sharper MANY SOUND EFFECTS ARE NOT FROM THE ORIGINAL TRACK!  All the truly gut-wrenching sound effects in the last third of the film, from the shark splashing to the Orca's engine exploding and shattering the hull, to the boom holding the shark cage crashing to the deck--have been replaced.<br /><br />Whether this travesty was deemed necessary for the DTS medium or not, it is historical film revisionism akin to the disasterous mess that was Star Wars: The Special Edition.  The DTS is muddy and the new sounds are uninspired.  For a DVD you get surprisingly few extras, when one considers the fine transfer and wealth of information included on the LD Boxed set.  Finally, any extras you get have indeed been transferred directly from that LD Boxed set (their fuzziness in the high-definition DVD is a dead giveaway).<br /><br />I will crack my DVD case henceforth for stills and the occasional dialogue check only, and leave the last third of the film totally alone.  Universal is definitely not high on my hit parade.<br /><br />I strongly urge you to buy the 2012 JAWS (Blu-ray + DVD + Digital Copy + UltraViolet) if you want the original JAWS for your home library.  This is NOT it.
6304595247|3.0|I bought this video just two days ago and I find that it is more true to the story than one I have seen before. It was a bad idea to try and fit all the story into 90 mins. It's very jumpy, one minute your in one scene and then in a completely different one! I thought Ralph Fiennes was quite a good Heathcliff! The only thing I thought wrong with it was that there is no passion, it's just flat and Cathy and Heathcliff don't even really  show any love for each other! On the whole though it is a good adaptation!
0590353403|5.0|do you love witchcraft? then you will love this book!  get it now!
B0000024ZI|5.0|I've listened to every MTH album and this one is their best by a wide margin.  Sweet Jane and Jerkin'Crocus are two of their best songs, the former their very best.  Ralph's sweetest guitar solos found here [exclamation point inserted here].  'Nuff said.
0553106635|5.0|I couldn't wait until Oct 2000 and ordered it off amazon.co.uk  Incredible!   The first fantasy series I've read that has gone UPhill! (Knock on wood that Book 4 is even better) Things will happen to make you laugh, get angry, and hurl the book across the room.  Or not, because wow, those 1000-page hardcovers make a dent in the wall.  This is truly the best book of the series, and the end rivals &quot;Game of Thrones&quot; to be the most satisfying I've ever read.  Everything gets so twisted up that I had to keep reminding myself who the good and bad guys were, and the increasing prominence of a certain religion hinted at in Clash of Kings made me have to rationalize a few things.  I am so in love with this series!  (Oh, and do not begrudge me my screenname, but it is happy coincidence that the Lady Stark and I share a first name :o) How often does *that* happen?)
B000000OAA|5.0|I'd been meaning to reacquire this album for many years now and am glad I finally did...Man, it sounds as good as I remember in High School!!  Was more of a Sabbath/Zep/Hendrix fan back then, and SHA became a pleasant alternative.  I'm not sure how younguns turning on to it for the first time will react...
B00004SCX6|1.0|Wow!  I really thought that Britney wouldn't be able to top her first album, but just look at this, she did it!  I really just love the way she totally and completely ruined classics like Satisfaction (I can't get no) by surrendering them to the shallow, superficial beat of pop music. And speaking of beats Britney-get some new ones. There are only so many times that u can put different lyrics to the same basic beat.      I was given this album as a gift. My poor misguided aunt thought that I might like the &quot;rolemodel&quot;/sex icon's music. I consider this album to be a total waste of money.
B000002KDS|4.0|Cooper isn't always easy to stomach for the average early '70s rock fan.  They have moments of brilliance interspersed with gawdoffel tripe.  &quot;Killer&quot; maximizes the brilliance that was consistently subdued for some reason.  This is the only album of their's I've kept...  If you're inclined to try out an Alice Cooper album for the first time, buy this one.
B000006IFF|5.0|Question to the publisher of &quot;Knebworth live' 90&quot; : Is there any reason not to release the DVD edition ever again?  Do you know that those famous various artists performed an important part the history of live concert?  I believe it's already been a legend in most people's mind.  Why not release the legend in full version in DVD format?  It is unacceptable to lock up in your own library.  I really want to enjoy the concert again.  Please......
B00004UEI7|5.0|get this cd.  incredible musicians, entertaining selections. no more need be said...
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|There should never be a copy of Scary Movie on the shelf at Blockbuster. This movie was greater then great. Other parodies like naked gun were funny once. If that! This movie proves that a parody can be funny! I would definately rate this the funniest as far as parodies go, and maybe 4th or 5th best comedies of all time. Marlon Wayans performance is spectacular. If you are a parent above...40, you probably wouldnt appreciate this movie as much as people in the age range from 13-35. So, as soon as this movie comes out, rent it before buying it because some people i know thought it was just plain stupid. I dis-agree.
6305718954|1.0|I don't know excactly what to say about this movie. I watched it with a girl who is really into weird and abnormal movies. By the end of the movie I could hardly get her to say anything. She was so freaked out that I thought she was in shock. I don't usally let things affect me like that. But the way i felt about the movie was that it was of the Devil himself. It left me with such a bad feeling that I wasn't sure what to believe. I am not a real religious person but I know with out a doubt that what I saw on that movie was pure blasphemy. I have never used that word before but that is the only word I could think of after I watched this movie. I would not recommend this movie to anyone for any reason, It is the worst movie I have ever seen.......I would love to discuss why I feel this way with any one who wishes, e-mail me at wop2@hotmail.com....
B00004U8H4|2.0|I know. I shouldn't have gone to watch the film based on my favourite novel anyway. But I did. Out of curiosity. Wanted to see how bad it got, how much they'd ruined this great great piece of literature.<br />In a way I'm surprised, positively. 'Cause the film has some good ideas, some good parts. Like the visualization of Patrick Bateman's apartment, or his anger caused by pure jealousy and unfulfilledness.<br />But all in all, it is not a very good film. The story is reduced to nearly nothing. Some unnecessary (and very poorly done) stuff, like the killing of some policemen, is added which is very annoying to the whole concept. And although Christian Bale starts out well and is well-chosen for the role, he somehow gets too nervous in the long run.<br />If you have read Bret Easton Ellis' superb novel, then don't go see the film. They couldn't have put it to the big screen anyway - but they did try.
B0000022WA|5.0|As Disney and Haley Mills go, this is a fun movie for the entire family. Kids everywhere need to have control over their lives, whether they do or not; so this whole crazy scheme works.   Parent Trap is just that, a clever plan cooked up by twins,    Sharon and Susan (Haley Mills) who at first try to eliminate the other at summer camp only to discover they have the same parents, both of whom never remarried.  (The camp girls whistle Bridge on the River Kwai while following them to their private exile, cute)  There are very subtle things throughout the movie, Grampa (Charles Ruggles) flicking his cigarette ashes in his palm, only to dump the very ashes onto the beautiful carpet in the same breath. The grandmother is a bit much for me, a bit too haughty for my taste, but perfect for the part! The split screens are enough to fool a casual glimpse, but don't look too hard at the double, she has to be there for certain scenes, but is thinner in the face and her stature is off, it's great though because......Haley plays both parts well enough to make you believe she's both children, only it makes me think the parents are complete fools and never noticed the girls before because they pay no real attention to the differences in Sharon and Susan after they return from camp; their accents, eating habits, stares like they've never layed eyes on the parent before..... (I realize it's supposed to be that way, it's just when the housekeeper knows immediately, this should clue in dad or Hecky, not just the dog) It's a cute, wild ride trying to get Brian Keith to dump his gold digging fiance', Joanna Barnes.  The twins &quot;submarine&quot; her during the camping trip, enough to make you crave the &quot;payback&quot;.  Brian Keith and Maureen O'Hara are a perfect couple to play their parts.  (I only had one small problem in my own mind when I saw it with my grandkids; Maureen punching Brian Keith in the eye and blackening it.) I tried to explain why it's alright for the woman to hit the man, but not the other way around, but said it was just a movie, rather uncalled for, her Irish temper aside.    Forget that part and enjoy the movie, I've seen it hundreds of times in the last 40 years and have chuckled every time.
B00004X01U|3.0|What now?  After releasing &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, Madonna's best work to date, we are offered another trip to Electronica-Land, although this offering dives deeper into it.  <br />Although Mirwais' work is quite brilliant, and finds a good place here, it is not prevalent enough throughout the album.  Too many different visions, perhaps too many talents, with different visions, came together for this one effort.  The end result is like browsing a garage sale, finding a little bit of this and that.<br />&quot;Impressive Instant&quot; finds Mirwais doing what he does best, with Madonna doing what she does best. However, &quot;I Deserve It&quot; is a folksy tune that seems Sheryl Crow should be singing it. Although it is hard not to listen, and eventually sing with, it just doesn't seem like Madonna's forte.  &quot;Runway Lover&quot; will likely be a dance hit, but lyrically is akin to early Madonna and strangely evokes memories of &quot;Thief of Hearts&quot; from &quot;Erotica&quot;, and &quot;Lucky Star&quot; from her debut album.  <br />Worth a listen by every Madonna fan, this one will split the masses. Some will love this &quot;Music&quot;, some will hate it.  If you liked &quot;Ray of Light&quot; this will likely dissapoint. This is not The Material Girl's best work.  This is a rushed product, with little thought to improve from her last album.
B00004WKII|4.0|what's up with the little black scraches/markings on cover photo (with his back to the audience, the spots/scraches are somewhere across and between his legs)?? besides that..the boxset seemed decent.  but they should have done more with the inside, i mean, some creative with the Disc Compartment. (maybe color jewel case/picture of the discs?) Afterall, the boxset goal is tring to capture the Creativity spirit of the JHE!
6304681496|5.0|Wow.  This is a truly amazing movie.  Sadly, many people will probably first read the reviews of this excellent film, and only pick it up when looking for a brainless action-fest.  I think it has gotten to the point where most hollywood critics dismiss movies with high-budget stunts as having nothing else to offer.  Con Air definately does.  While maybe not boasting an all-star cast, the actors featured are definately at the top of their trade, and you'll recognize them from many other features.  Nicholas Cage was, as always, amazing, though he didn't really take control of the camera this time.  Colm Meaney and John Cusack had their own impressive side to the plot, as well as the many wonderfully deep characters who played the convicts.  Ving Rhames and Steve Buscemi stood out to me, but there was no sub-par acting.  When it comes to music, there was an excellent score that accurately portrayed the emotion of each scene.  Whether it be a bloody action sequence or the emotional re-uniting of Cameron Poe (cage) and his wife, Con Air delivers.  For what the movie is branded as, Con Air has some of the biggest and loudest stunts and action sequences.  You won't fall asleep while watching it.  There is quite a bit of humor inserted throughout the film that may be a bit of a cliche at times, but is totally hilarious when breaking up some of the more stressful scenes.  5 out of 5.  This movie has everything.  You won't be disappointed.  Possibly my favorite movie all-time.
B0000004V2|5.0|Nothing else to say. Jon Squire is god.
B000002UV9|5.0|I have all Queensryche cds.  I was introduced to this band about 7 years ago and I fell in love instantly.  My most favorite song would have to be silent lucidity.  I recently got the opportunity to see them in concert.  What a great show.
B000005HO0|5.0|Let's face it, when it comes to Mayhem we all have our preferred vocalist. Mine is Dead, my boyfriend's is Maniac, and my friends is Attila..  either way we all agree that Live In Leipzig is a  hellofa album! I heard people bitching about the sound quality.. but do those people really know anything about Black Metal history??? The members of this band were starving at times! Lets see you put out a high quality sound album in a dinky recording studio in Norway..! Back to the subject,.. if its great lyrics, loud music, tremendous musicians, and a memorable album your looking for.. then this one is for you! I personally think it's better than De Mysteriis.. but that is only my opinion.. I have been a Black Metal fan for well over 7 years and I still think this is the BEST album I own. You also might try picking up &quot;Tribute To The Black Emperors&quot; Mayhem/Morbid split if you fall in love with this album.. Don't let the people saying the sound quality is bad discourage you from buying this album.. the sound quality is NOT bad at all.. (Put it this way.. it does NOT sound like it was recorded in someone's bathroom with shotty mics.) Do yourself a favor and buy!!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Today was one of the most horrendous days in my life, because I went to visit the dentist and his assistant played the hole CD while I was being treated for a cavity. What's wrong with this woman? Isn't she happy with its actress career? How can she dare to sing with such a &quot;voice&quot;?...and she sold a couple million copies out of this album!  She doesn't even have a defined style, she tries with RnB, salsa, latin, house...and she fais, fails, and fails. This is nothing but an another commercial product on the streets, another piece of .... ready to hurt our delicate taste for the good music. Ms. Lopez, not only you have a severe lack of talent to be a good actress...you can't sing either! So please...GET A LIFE! ... and don't fake da funk! Peace. Sergio ROLLERFUNK.
0790749998|5.0|This was a filled action, and entertaining movie. It had lots of action and stupendous actors. They were great for their part in the movie. They worked very good together. Jet Li is a great actor and worked great with Aliyah in the movie. I truly recommend this movie. If you have not seen it you need to go see it. Jet Li got along very well with Aliyah's father. He tried to help them all the time and risked his life all the time. Aliyah was doubtful at first, but went from doubting to love.
078322608X|5.0|Sporting a Vonnegut-esque plot of helplessness and Time travel, Gilliam combines his always fantastic imagery (Brazil, Time Bandits, etc.) with a great cast and a great story. <br />Bruce Willis is fantastic in the lead as a prisoner of the future sent back into the past, searching for information that will help  his people recover from a terrible virus that has sent the world underground. Brad Pitt is entertaining, if a bit over the top, but he certainly does nothing but add to the movie.<br />If you are a Gilliam fan, this is an essential movie. If you are a sci-fi fan, this is an essential movie. See it!
6304711921|4.0|Wonderful halloween/christmas tale with neat characters and fun songs. The ending could have been better but it falls in the movie rule &quot;any film that has anything to do with Tim Burton no matter how fresh and original has a cliched ending&quot; which isn't really bad here. Wonder animations, must have taken them forever to get such smooth movement from claymation. Great voice acting, great movie!<br />oh yeah, this is NOT a Tim Burton movie if you havent noticed.
B00000K0DT|5.0|&quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; certainly defies pigeon holing or labeling. Its larger-than-life allure results from a seamless blending of elements: Pschodrama, Action, Suspense and Mystery, all built on intricate storytelling, a dynamic screenplay and taught direction, by Bryan Singer. The aforementioned are all bolstered by credible in-depth character development, brought to life by an outstanding cast, who flesh out each role to chilling near perfection. (Kevin Spacey, seen here before most people would have recognized his name, received an Oscar for his &quot;supporting&quot; role!)<br />But let´s not get sidetracked. More than anything else,&quot;SUSPECTS&quot; is about the unparalleled unsettling reaction you get from  viewing it! From the first scene to the end credits, it gets a headlock on your psyche, while sending the pit of your stomach into endless free fall! The only way to illustrate this, without giving away any key elements of the film, is a detailed look at the opening scene....a peerless example of instant timeless classic film noir.<br />On a boat, docked in San Pedro Harbor, the dying sole-survivor of an apparently devastating bloodbath shootout painfully ignites a thin trail of gasoline. His obvious intention: Destroy EVERYTHING...himself included! From a deck higher up, an unseen someone pisses out the trail of flames. The shadowy figure walks down the stairs with an unhurried beliberation and saunters over to the agonizing man he has just saved. They exchange somewhat forced greetings and a few disjointed words of banter.<br />Without warning, the intruder firmly raises a pistol, his unblinking gaze reflected in eyes locked in contact with his own. Unhesitatingly, he fires two consecutive shots. A brief pause of contemplation ends when he casually lights a cigarette, stategically dropping his lighter to rekindle the liquid fuse, and then beats a hasty off-board retreat.<br />What better way to introduce a character whose twisted iron resolveis so perverse, so deranged, that he saves a doomed man seconds before certain death, solely for the unmititgated pleasure derived from looking him squarely in the eye, his victim looking right back, while pulling the trigger himself. Without uttering a syllable, his actions shout out,&quot;I piss on you and your puny existence!&quot; His victim´s final moments are thusly converted into a living/dying testimony, clearly demonstrating who it is that decides the particulars of when and how he will die!<br />&quot;SUSPECTS&quot; has been severely critiqued by a vocal minority (to paraphrase another Amazon reviewer) for not knowing the difference between a plot twist and a non sequitur. With all due respect to the reviewer, who painstakingly highlighted the difference for us, perhaps a careful second viewing would shed some light on the source of this common confusion. After watching  &quot;SUSPECTS&quot; four times making every effort to employ my most discerning eye, I am convinced the true genius of the movie hinges on this particular point!<br />Let me underscore my unequivocal recommendation of this film with  a special note to those of you who avoid the Action or Suspense genre becuase of your distaste of the excessive violence that generally characterizes them. Well, THIS IS NO JOHN WOO FILM! A lot of the scenes are done in the &quot;Old School&quot; style, where the violence is kept off-screen. Although there is considerable TALK in &quot;SUSPECTS&quot; about some of the most dastardly deeds imaginable, virtually none of this is graphically portrayed. So, PLEASE, if you have not seen it yet, because of this reason, I urge you to make an exception in this case...GET IT AND SEE IT!
B00004TFK3|5.0|I REALLY HAVE A DIFFICULT TIME WITH THOSE REVIEWERS WHO RATED THIS SPECIAL EDITION BADLY.I THOUGHT IT REALLY MADE ALOT OF SENSE TO PUT THE MOVIE ON ONE DISC AND ALL THE EXTRA'S(AND THERE ARE ALOT OF THEM) ON ANOTHER.THE MOVIE OF COURSE WAS SPECTACULAR! MAKING THE COMPARISON EVEN BETWEEN THE COLLECTORS EDITION I HAVE IN VHS AND THIS DVD EDITION IS LIKE COMPARING ANALOG TO DIGITAL.I REALLY ENJOY GETTING INTO THE BACKGROUNDS ON HOW MY FAVORITE MOVIES ARE MADE AND THESE DISC'S REALLY ALLOWED ME ALOT OF BACKSCENE GLANCES INTO THE PROCEDURES,DIFFICULTIES AND EVEN HUMOUR INVOLVED IN THE MAKING OF THIS MOVIE.TO BE QUITE HONEST I WASN'T OVERLY IMPRESSED WITH THE VERSION WITH TOMMY AND BARRY DOING TALK OVERS WHILE THE MOVIE WAS PLAYING.THIS,HOWEVER, IS A FEATURE THAT IS TOTALLY LEFT UP TO THE VIEWER TO CHOOSE-THEREFORE I AM NOT SUBTRACTING ANY POINTS FOR THAT.ALL IN ALL A FANTASTIC SPECIAL EDITION WITH THE OUTSTANDING VIDEO AND SOUND THAT WE HAVE COME TO EXPECT FROM A WELL MADE DVD.I CAN HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SPECIAL EDITION TO ANYONE THAT REALLY LIKED &quot;MEN IN BLACK&quot; AND ARE INTERESTED IN THE ACTUAL BACKGROUND AND PRODUCTION OF THIS MOVIE.THOSE THAT JUST &quot;LIKED&quot; THE MOVIE THEN JUST THE REGULAR DVD IS PROBABLY FINE FOR THOSE FOLKES.I JUST WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN HAPPY WITH ANYTHING LESS THAN THIS.I HAD ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEMS WITH THESE DISC'S PLAYING ON MY MACHINE.PERHAPS THOSE THAT DID ARE TRYING TO PLAY THEM ON AN INFERIOR MACHINE. I JUST HAVE A MID-PRICED DVD PLAYER AND IT HAS HAD NO PROBLEMS WITH THE OVER 30 DVD'S THAT I NOW HAVE IN MY COLLECTION.
6304383827|5.0|If you are a hopeless romantic like me then you will love Emma. I have deemed it my favorite movie. Gwenyth Paltow is incredible and Jeremy Northam never looked better. It is a great movie with a great ending. No one could do it better. You have to watch it!
B000002J1M|5.0|Foxtrot is one of my favorite albums, but then again, all Genesis albums are my favorite!  Please bear that in mind when reading this review.<br />Others have reviewed this album in its entirety but I choose to focus solely on &quot;Supper's Ready.&quot;  This song alone makes this album a neccesity!  Who but Peter Gabriel could have made Revelation into a musical masterpiece?!  It's the most imaginative book in the Bible (read it sometime!) and SR is the most imaginative Genesis song.  Each section tells part of a grand tale (only Willow Farm having absolutely nothing to do with Revelation) that makes this song incredibly ambitious!<br />Another reviewer here mentioned Phil being a &quot;monster&quot; on the drums, and he is exactly that.  Listen to &quot;Apocalypse in 9/8&quot; and you'll know what I mean.  To all who question Phil's musical ability, &quot;Apocalypse in 9/8&quot; firmly shows his prowess behind the drums!<br />The ending section too has definite power.  Many a dark time in my life has been erased by the phrase &quot;...and babe it's gonna work out fine...&quot;  Where &quot;Apocalypse in 9/8&quot; is dark and moody, &quot;As Sure As Eggs Is Eggs&quot; ends the song on a hopeful note.  The Lord of lords Peter's referring to is Jesus afterall!<br />And please allow me this one last final note... if you're a Christian, then definitely listen to this song!  Anytime my faith slips, Supper's Ready reminds me of who's in charge, and that through Jesus anyone can be SAVED!!  I'm sure anyone who reads this will think I'm some crazy, whacko Bible-thumping fundamentalist (and maybe I am! ;-) ) but I do like my Genesis, so I can't be half bad! ;-)
020530902X|1.0|One word from _The New York Times_ quote on the cover of this book (my edition, anyway) speaks volumes.<br />&quot;volubility&quot;<br />Whazzat mean? Right away I'm put off. Right away I'm looking for something else to read. Maybe take Wordsworth's advice and listen to the song of the wood linnet. Books like this _are_ a dull and endless strife.<br />English major. Graduated cum laude. Read several hundred books.<br />This book is full of pompous, didactic sentences such as, &quot;Form the possessive of singular nouns by adding 's.&quot;<br />I say, &quot;Form the possessive of singular nouns by adding pineapples!&quot;<br />Sure, it's a Dadaist sentiment. But I think a lot of great writers, paradoxically, began making sense of their writing by abandoning sense and rules (the stuff of editors). And a good editor is in league with that grand purpose of bringing the author's noblest intent to fruition.<br />Use rules when you risk being misunderstood if you don't use them.<br />The best insight into good writing, in my opinion, comes not from a professional writer but from the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche, speaking of the ancient Roman and Greek writers: &quot;I've always been a lover of the short sentence and the pointed aphorism.&quot; Read his _Twilight of the Idols_ for stunning writing and short sentences full of meaning and madness.<br />And leave this book to the pedants.
B00004X01U|1.0|She has some interesting Ideas but that Voice is even worse Now then it was before.Musically she is just following trends.nothing  that she hasn't already done before.this type of an Album Leaves me feeling empty.Yes Madonna is one of The Greatest Ever at Re-Inventing Herself:Ironicly it isn't with Music though.another Over Hyped&amp;Overrated Talking about Madonna.
B000001FT2|5.0|She is unique, one of a kind, and a definitely underrated talent in both singing and acting !To say she is eccentric or avante garde is an understatement.Back in the late 70's Jones' provided her own trademark flair both musically and visually during the hey-day of (European) Disco;Anyone remember the first time they saw her on national t.v. on the Merv Griffin Show with a 45 record stuck to the top of her shaved head ?! Nightclubbing is an intoxicating and richly flavored project containing Jamaican, Reggae, European (specifically French) and New-Wave sounds (before New Wave was in). I still can't decide which I like better,when she actually sings or recites her lyrics. Jones has always presented her music and talent with an air of melo-dramatic sophistication. Yet, it's all for color and not camp. On tracks like Use Me, Demolition Man, and Libertango she almost comes across vocally like Annie Lennox with a Greta Garbo or Marlena Dietrich attitude;there's something modern yet classic to Jones' persona. Producer Alex Sadkin has also worked in the past with various 80's British and European pop groups,including the Thompson Twins; This will explain some very familiar territory with regards to musical production and sounds... If in doubt, for a first time Grace Jones album buyer like myself, you cannot go wrong with Night Clubbing !
B000002N3N|4.0|In Memory of Trees is yet another great effort from this exquisite lady. Take this one with you as you hike through the forest during a misty sunrise. Trust me, I've tried it. My favorite track is &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot; whatever that means. This is a must for all Enya fans. Her voice gently sooths the soul after a hectic day.
B00000634J|4.0|With over 75 minutes of outstanding post-Beatles material, I believe this is the best single-disc collection of Lennon's music available.  Most of my favorites are here, including many selections with the Plastic Ono Band , and from  his last album, \\"Double Fantasy.\\" I, too, would have like  a few more cuts from \\"Rock N' Roll\\" (1975), but, in general , there is something for everyone here: Lennon's genius is truly eclectic.<br />One caveat: On my sound sytems, there's some apparent distortion and the treble sounds a little noisy, especially on the older material.  I recommend listening to the CD (if you can) before purchasing. On the other hand, it may just be my system, and an equalizer (or higher-quality equipment) might solve the problems on the (mostly older) songs where I heard this.  I suppose there's some kind of audiophile debate between preserving the original sound and \\"cleaning it up,\\" ultimately it depends on personal taste.  For me, this was a bit of a problem., but check the other reviewers' comments (at least one of whom complimented the sound quality!)<br />Liner notes include 11 photos of Lennon in the studio and with Yoko, release date and format.  Wish there was information on personnel, I'd like to know the drummer on  the 1970 \\"John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band!\\"<br />But let's give due credit: This is simply an outstanding selection of songs from a multitalented genius.  It's so good, in fact, that you may be wonder if you should have bought the recently issued 4-CD \\"John Lennon Anthology.\\"  If you're a big fan, and have the budget and the time to listen, I'd recommend this more complete set.  But this single CD packs in over 70 minutes of Lennon's best music, from the intensely personal \\"Jealous Guy\\" and \\"Beautiful Boy,\\" to rockers like \\"Stand by Me\\" and  \\"(Just Like) Starting Over,\\" to his political pieces (\\"Working Class Hero,\\" \\"Power to the People,\\" \\"Working Class Hero,\\" \\"Happy Xmas (War is Over),\\" and \\"Give Peace A Chance\\"). Sentimental and tender, yet subversive and revolutionary,  small wonder that era's FBI kept a file on him.  By the way, I see from the Amazon catalogue that some remastered Lennon CDS are due soon, check these out when they're released!tender, yet subversive and revolutionary,  small wonder that era's FBI kept a file on him.  By the way, I see from the Amazon catalogue that some remastered Lennon CDS are due soon, check these out when they're released!
B000002J1S|5.0|After I have gotten into Genesis via Phil as lead singer in the 80's I decided to put this Album on my list for Xmas or something like that.  Anyways, I heard the album and it has become my favorite Genesis (Gabriel Era) Album. Just like all the others rich in sound and so different.  I do recommend this CD to anyone who really enjoys Genesis music. I am a true fan.
B000002J2F|5.0|With this CD, Genesis makes good use of its progressive roots for sadly, the last time. The majority of the tracks here use quite a bit of that hard-line progressivism, from the opening &quot;Behind The Lines&quot; and &quot;Man Of Our Times&quot; to the fantastic encore &quot;Duke's Travels/Dukes End&quot;. &quot;Duke&quot; also contains a softer, easy-going side in tracks like &quot;Misunderstanding&quot;,&quot;Heathaze&quot; and &quot;Please Don't Ask&quot;, which all makes for an interesting, well-balanced blend of music. Since this is Genesis' last stand of progressive rock, you'll want to add &quot;Duke&quot; to your &quot;must-have&quot; collection.
0425129586|5.0|And then there were none is a extremely spectacular book about ten people invited to Indian Island by one Mr. U.N Owen, or Mr. Unknown. This book really gets started when as soon as the guests arrive a record plays accusing them of various murders. They search the whole Island for the culprit, but find no one. Leading them to the conclussion that one of the ten is Mr. U.N Owen. Unexpectedly, one by one, the ten get killed. The excellent part of the story is all of the killings go along with a nursery rhyme called ten little Indians. Also the ten glass Indians that are on a kitchen table, mysteriously disappear every time someone gets murdered. I would recommend this book to any mystery lover. You'll never guess the suprising ending to And then there were none.
B00004SU5J|5.0|This CD is AWESOME!  From the first cut to the Last.  I be looking forward to buying more music like this.  If you have a good stereo equipment, sit back and JAM!!
B00004X01U|3.0|Madonna has done &quot;it&quot; gain? Initially when I first heard the &quot;music&quot; single I wasn't impressed. I asked myelf&quot; &quot;Madonna, what have you done?&quot; It is not like &quot;Papa Don't Preach,&quot; or &quot;Vogue,&quot; her earlier songs that would &quot;grip&quot; you, the first time that you hear it. It is too short. But as we all know, some songs have to &quot;grow on you.&quot; With the release of the domestic single which has nine different remixes I now appreciate the album version more than ever. It is probably the best song on the album for dance music lovers.When I first heard the entire Music album I was somewhat disappointed. I wasn't looking for another &quot;Ray Of Light.&quot; Although the latter is deemed her best album, my all time favorite is Erotica. This Music album is not lenghty-only 10 songs with short singles. No lyrics except for the hit single, Music. This album is different and perhaps overdone with electronica. Impressive Instant(second track) appears to be noisy but made me laugh when she sang: &quot;I like to singy singy singy like a bird on a wingy wingy wingy...too much electronica for me. This song, I believe will favor more with the teenage crowd.I love Runaway Lover(3rd track). It has a catchy chorus and will be a dance club hit perhaps? Let's just say that Amazing(track 5) is a rip off of from Beautiful Stranger with the latter being the better song. Sounds country to me.Nobody's Perfect(track 6) is another of my favorite songs on this album. I like the vocoder technology.Don't Tell Me is a sweet song. Sweet, not hot.I am a guy but the track &quot;What is Feels like for a girl&quot; is a beautiful song. Madonna sings with feeling and the lyrics are well put together.Paradise(not for me) is different, easy listening, strange but yet another great song.The final track, Gone, is probably the best song on the album? It is perhaps the only song with true meaning, spirituality and valour. &quot;I won't fall apart&quot; she sings. Madonna has survived almost two decades unlike many one time hit wonders. THis album is different and your appreciation of it, I believe will improve the more that you listen to it. Madonna is older now and as her music style changes, we the fans, from the Like a Virgin days, may either accept or reject her. I believe that her MUSIC abum is yet another great production. NOt the best, but great.
B000002J1I|4.0|After hearing about some of the thumbs down reviews the rock critics gave &quot;Tormato&quot;, and after reading a review or two here on the amazon.com review center, well, you just can't please everyone. I, for one, say that this work by Yes, although it's not their best, features some fine numbers that feature solid musicianship. Take Rick Wakeman's whirlwind keyboard playing on &quot;Future Times&quot;, and his aquamarine style on &quot;Don't Kill The Whale&quot;. &quot;Arriving UFO&quot; is an all-out, hardworking effort, while &quot;Circus Of Heaven&quot;, featuring Jon Anderson's son, gives the track a unique perspective. &quot;On The Silent Wings Of Freedom&quot; is nothing to write home to other about, and &quot;Onward&quot; is just average. Even though &quot;Tormato&quot; is not Yes' best CD, fans of this group will want to add it to their collection, nonetheless.
B00004W19V|1.0|wasting your time on this lump of corn-fed ... matter. It's sooooo bad I thought that it might've ruined Steve Guttenberg and Ally Sheedy's careers....wait a minute! It did ruin their careers! Do the world a favor and ignore it! Let it fade away into &quot;The Hell Of Bad Family Movie Ideas&quot; like Police Academy: Mission to Moscow and The Wizard
B0012GVKW8|4.0|After starring as one of the most iconic and unstoppable villains ever in Terminator, it was high time that Arnie had a worthy foe to fight against. And he got way more than he bargained for with the Predator.<br /><br />Before his crowning achievement of Die Hard, John McTiernan assembled a group of seven muscle-bound commandos in the South American jungle and let them unleash hell on Latinos, Russians and Aliens alike with an awesome arsenal of macho weaponry. This is definitely a man's movie. Both Alien and Aliens - hell, even Friday The 13th - had a thing about two females going head to head at the end. How are us guys supposed to get a kick out of endings like that? Arnie plays Major Alan 'Dutch' Schaefer, the leader of an elite Spec Ops force. His team is called to duty by General Phillips (R.G. Armstrong) and the very suspicious Dillon (Carl Weathers) to rescue a bunch of government officials, who have been shot down in enemy territory in Latin America.<br /><br />As soon as they arrive in the jungle something is watching their every move from the trees. And they get the feeling that things just ain't right. The first rescue team is found disemboweled and skinned. Same goes for their chopper.<br /><br />None of them trust Dillon. He's up to no good. There are no cabinet ministers being held hostage, just a bunch of his CIA pals being tortured by the Russians. In no less than five minutes, all seven of them completely obliterate a rebel guerrilla camp. The CIA hostages are dead.<br /><br />Dutch is angry and feels mighty betrayed. Dillon lied to him and their mission is over as soon as it started. All they have to do is make a journey through one valley to the nearest rendezvous point and fly back home. Not so simple when a high-tech, seemingly invisible, 7'2'', extra-terrestrial Rastafarian hunter is picking them off one by one and keeping their skulls as trophies. This predator is obviously a fan of the 1932 movie, The Most Dangerous Game.<br /><br />In the same way that he created nervous claustrophobia around the Nakatomi Plaza in Die Hard, McTiernan floods the movie with an oppressive and twitchy atmosphere. Half of the film's ominous tone comes from Alan Silvestri's militaristic and primeval score, with pounding drums and lurking strings, indicating that the Predator's haunting presence is everywhere. He could strike from any corner at any moment. And he does.<br /><br />Nothing Dutch and his men seem to do can thwart this enemy and in no time at all Dutch is the last one standing. He runs for his life with the Predator in hot pursuit.<br /><br />The final act is no doubt the strongest and can even be viewed as a separate movie altogether. McTiernan ditches the lush, steamy jungle from the first two acts and completely turns it around into a strikingly Gothic, baroque, supernatural landscape. There is a subtext of primitive brutality winning over highly advanced super-weapons. And there is enough testosterone between Dutch and the Predator to fill 100 tanker trucks. Women, totally, need not apply.<br /><br />Definitely one of Arnie's best and a landmark action movie. No doubt. Outdone only by the sequel.<br /><br />The Blu Ray is a mixed bag. But I need to remind you that Predator was INTENTIONALLY shot very grainy, gritty and dirty. It think it's a brilliant look for the film. So don't go expecting Pixar-like image quality on this 1080p transfer. In fact so many people were dismayed at Predator looking this way that Fox reissued it with all the grain smeared out. Could the film benefit from a fresh master from the original negative using the VC-1 codec? No doubt. But we won't be getting that \\"anytime\\" soon. The DTS HD-MA sound design is amazing though, and will surely convince your neighbors that a war has broken out next door.<br /><br />Zero extras, which is stupid since they were ready and willing by the time this Blu Ray went into production.ophobia around the Nakatomi Plaza in Die Hard, McTiernan floods the movie with an oppressive and twitchy atmosphere. Half of the film's ominous tone comes from Alan Silvestri's militaristic and primeval score, with pounding drums and lurking strings, indicating that the Predator's haunting presence is everywhere. He could strike from any corner at any moment. And he does.    Nothing Dutch and his men seem to do can thwart this enemy and in no time at all Dutch is the last one standing. He runs for his life with the Predator in hot pursuit.    The final act is no doubt the strongest and can even be viewed as a separate movie altogether. McTiernan ditches the lush, steamy jungle from the first two acts and completely turns it around into a strikingly Gothic, baroque, supernatural landscape. There is a subtext of primitive brutality winning over highly advanced super-weapons. And there is enough testosterone between Dutch and the Predator to fill 100 tanker trucks. Women, totally, need not apply.    Definitely one of Arnie's best and a landmark action movie. No doubt. Outdone only by the sequel.    The Blu Ray is a mixed bag. But I need to remind you that Predator was INTENTIONALLY shot very grainy, gritty and dirty. It think it's a brilliant look for the film. So don't go expecting Pixar-like image quality on this 1080p transfer. In fact so many people were dismayed at Predator looking this way that Fox reissued it with all the grain smeared out. Could the film benefit from a fresh master from the original negative using the VC-1 codec? No doubt. But we won't be getting that \\"anytime\\" soon. The DTS HD-MA sound design is amazing though, and will surely convince your neighbors that a war has broken out next door.    Zero extras, which is stupid since they were ready and willing by the time this Blu Ray went into production.
B00000AFHM|4.0|Who else can pull off such calm, melodic sounds coupled with somewhat off-the-wall and melancholic imagery? (&quot;She had a stroke at the age of 24, it could have been a brilliant career&quot;; &quot;you can tell by the way she looks, she is sorry and resigned, as he wets himself for the final time.&quot;) <br />All the tracks here are fresh, the lyrics are startling, and overall the album is a roller coaster ride (to use a song title found on this album). This is refreshing, comforting in its semi-sickness and calmly glides along until its end. <br />This is a superb album worth a few listens.
B000002IST|5.0|&quot;We Can't Dance&quot; is a well put together album of fine songs and outstanding musicianship from the trio of Banks/Collins/Rutherford. The three continue to marvel us with an array of compositions, featuring the likes of &quot;No Son Of Mine&quot;, &quot;Driving The Last Spike&quot;, &quot;I Can't Dance&quot;, &quot;Never A Time&quot;, &quot;Dreaming While You Sleep&quot; and &quot;Hold On My Heart&quot;. Genesis even take a swipe at televangelism with &quot;Jesus He Knows Me&quot;, which has its hilarious, yet truthful side. &quot;Fading Lights&quot; turned out to be a fitting swan song for Phil Collins, who left the group almost four and a half years later after &quot;We Can&quot;t Dance&quot; was released. Collins' depature may have left Genesis in dire straits, but the problem would be resolved in the not too distant future, for it was just yet another fresh beginning for the extremely talented musical duo known as Tony Banks and Mike Rutherford. Phil Collins' final exit makes &quot;We Can't Dance&quot; a must buy.
B000002U82|2.0|I think folks need to finally realize that the continuing sales performance of this record is largely due to peer pressure.  At some point it just became &quot;hip&quot; to own it, like a lava lamp, or rubik's cube.  Unfortunately, for the world, this isn't a fad like the two aforementioned items.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Having been a fan of Britney, if only for her spirit, I purchased this album when it first came out. I started to really grow in to each of the songs and I was loving this album in its entirety! Then, all of a sudden...<br />...along comes this album called &quot;Brave New World&quot; by Iron Maiden...I start listening to it...and my whole feelings toward Britney's new album suddenly turned upside down...<br />...and now I have to make a few comments about &quot;Oops&quot; on hindsight.<br />1. The songs are upbeat and catchy musicwise, and easy to move to. The lyrics, however, could use some work. It seems that Britney loves to sing about the tired subject of &quot;you hurt me, now it's time for me to take some serious revenge upon your soul!&quot; Alanis Morrissette has done this theme before, and it was enough to turn me off to her music after a few listens.<br />2. This album is upbeat and catchy (like I just said), but it isn't really intended for those who prefer to listen to quality musicianship. I have other recommendations for that kind of listening mind -- I'll list them later in this review.<br />3. I admire that Britney chooses to express a more &quot;grown-up&quot; character in her progressing career. I wonder, however, if she really is a positive peer influence for young people. She does have a lot of beautiful qualities as a person (to learn more, read her book &quot;Heart to Heart&quot;), but it seems now that she's in a position of power (which is always okay in my book) and she chooses to abuse her power in order to promote her image and satisfy the needs of the consuming market. She is more of a sex symbol than anything else, and she doesn't provide a positive, uplifting message to our kids with her lyrics.<br />In short, this is a decent album for an upbeat and danceable style of music, and if you like the spirit of Britney, I recommend it. However, I also recommend a graduation for quality music after this album wears out on you.<br />What are some of the albums I like? Here are a few:<br />Iron Maiden, &quot;Brave New World&quot;<BR> Bruce Dickinson, &quot;Accident of Birth&quot; and &quot;Chemical Wedding&quot;<BR> Anything by the classical composer J.S. Bach<br />You're looking for a female musician, you say? How about just about anything by Stevie Nicks? She is one lady who can *really* create some wonderful music!<br />I hope this helps!
B0000203Y5|5.0|In 1956, the U.S. Navy sent me to Key West, Florida.  I'd always been a radio junkie, so it didn't take me long to discover Radio Havana.  For a year in Key West, and then for two years in Bermuda, I enjoyed what was to me a new and spectacular music from Havana.  And now, 44 years later, Wim Wenders has brought those very same sounds, from the very same people, flooding back to me like a reborn life.  Over the years I'd forgotten the authentic sound I'd heard from Radio Havana when in Key West.  But from the opening downbeat of the film it was as if I'd been transported back in time, listening and watching the same musicians I'd heard in the Fifties, when they were in their prime and heard regularly on Radio Havana.  I've remained a Latin music fan over the years, but the sound you'll hear in this video is different; it's authentic, the real thing, a more romantic approach to what we now call Salsa.The film is a social documentary as well as a musical one, giving us hidden glimpses into life in Cuba.  Life there is more than we may have  thought. A look into the hearts and lives of these sweet artists offers exceptional and surprising insight into the potential of human nature.  &quot;The way of possessions&quot; has been rejected, and has given them the strength of character to &quot;resist the good as well as the bad.&quot;  If you aren't in tears--with feet tapping--at the triumph of these beautiful people as they are resurrected to thunderous applause at Carnegie Hall, then you simply aren't paying attention.
B00004W5UA|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I roamed the streets afterward with a crazed look on my face, observing everyone I saw out of the corner of my eye.  The second time I saw this movie, I did pretty much the same thing.  It has an enormous effect on me.<br />There's something very unsettling about &quot;Fight Club&quot;.  It's not the graphic violence; I can handle that.  It's not the idea that to be a twenty-first century twenty-something male is to be disenchanted and disassociated; frankly, that's just giving in to your inner crybaby.  No, the thing that's unsettling about &quot;Fight Club&quot; is that the whole system we've set up to pamper our enormous egos is a sham.  A wasteful, illogical, unspiritual sham.  The goal of this movie, then, is to be our collective soap.<br />David Fincher is a great visual stylist, infatuated with his director's palette.  He uses every trick in the book here, and consistently stops just short of going over the line of good taste.  And to me, that's what makes this movie so special.  He pushes the limits, but it never feels like he is pushing too hard.  And for a two-hour plus movie chock full of special effects and visual magic, that's an astounding feat.<br />Edward Norton is spot-on.  He is dry, constantly on edge, and very much awake.  I felt exhausted just looking at him.  The scene where he fights himself in his boss' office is both funny and frightening.  And Brad Pitt is just perfect here.  It frustrates me when people bemoan his casting in this part -- I wonder if they were watching the same movie.  The character needed to be charismatic, rebellious, intense, funny, very physical and especially very beautiful.  Who else could they have cast?  These two actors work extremely well together.  Of course if they didn't, the whole house of cards would cave in on itself.  And it never does.  Throw in Helena Bonham Carter -- witty, spacey, and crackling with life while doing a dance of death -- and you get an excellent triumvirate of lead actors.<br />Two minor quibbles:<br />...the exploding refrigerator scene was unnecessary, one of the few times when Fincher goes too far in his visual styling.<br />...Meatloaf, while definitely looking the part, just didn't have the acting chops to pull off his critical role.<br />So it's not perfect, but it comes pretty damn close.<br />Sometimes I feel like I can go on forever about this movie.  There are just so many good things to talk about.  But I'll stop now in the hopes that the masses who stayed away while it was in theatres discover it now.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Okay, okay, okay.  You probably read a review, or saw it in the theater yourself already.  And ya know what?  The naysayers are right: the plot is paper-thin, the acting is spotty, and the writing...  yes, some of the lines will make you cringe.<br />But forget about all that.  This is a JOHN WOO movie.  It's not supposed to be about character development or a believable plot...  duh.  It IS supposed to be ALL about mind-blowing visuals and beautifully choreographed action sequences.  And Woo delivers - this film is a Spectacle with a capital 'S'.  The motorcycle joust at the end of the flick is one of my new favorite action sequences, easy.<br />Sure, John Woo has definitely done better, and yeah, it's too bad about the weak plot, but hey - if you're a rabid Woo fan and you approach this movie with the right expectations, you ain't gonna be disappointed.  Just watch it for the *action*, not the acting.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I don't know how anybody could dislike this film. In my mind, not only is this the best picture of 1999, but is one of the best films ever created. Unless you seriously can't watch a movie that doesn't have a &quot;happy ending,&quot; I highly suggest this movie. <br />Kevin Spacey's and Thora Birch's parts were done to perfection, and Mena Suvari is absolutely amazing in this movie. Sam Mendes did a wonderful job with this picture, and the story written by screen writer Alan Ball was emulated perfectly.<br />The only negative point I came across in the film was the overacting at times by Annette Bening. Aside from that, this movie truly is marvelous!
B0000032LS|5.0|This movie and soundtrack is the greatest!! I recommend them both to everyone. All the songs are great and just every little detail of the movie is superb. But I feel sorry for Meatloaf!
0671034065|4.0|I enjoyed the book. The story had several funny moments.  The basic plot was good.  However, I didn't give it 5 stars, because there was no real mystery.  I knew who the killer was, and I knew in which order the four friends would be victimized.
B00004YM0D|5.0|This soundrack is wonderful and energizing.  Remember the Titans is a wonderful mix of old songs.  These are the songs you can't stop singing along and dancing too.
B000001Y42|5.0|This is the absolute best CD ever made! By far much better than Significant Other. I love this CD.
B000002L9J|5.0|Have you ever heard of CD being better than a greatest hits CD? Well now you have. I never liked The Smiths, in fact, I hated the Smiths until someone forced me to borrow this CD and now I never want to give it back.  I got the singles but this CD is much better
B00000JZC4|3.0|Ok, as did almost everyone else, I got this album on the strength of 'Take A Picture'. Which I still like... a lot. Look, let me express my opinions of Richard Patrick... I can sum it up in one word... 'TOOL'. Have you seen him in the filmclip for 'The Best Things' (hasn't this song been done before)?  I also saw them on David Letterman doing 'Take A Picture', and Richard managed to stuff up the song more than I ever thought possible... he just sang it all wrong. All I can say is, never see this band live... then again, don't buy the album either.<br />I am a HUGE fan of Nine Inch Nails, and since Richard used to be in NIN, I thought he would be cool. You know, a lot of people hassle Trent Reznor for his lyrics... just look at the lyrics on 'Title Of Record' if you wanna see something REALLY dodgy. Even the hit 'Take A Picture' lost most of it's impact when I found out he was singing &quot;Awake on my aeroplane&quot; (WHAT? ). And all the other examples- &quot;Mumma give me my medicine that makes me feel like a tall tree&quot; (HUH? ), &quot;Hey you Miss Blue I fell in love with you&quot; (HEHE... IT RHYMES! ). It's downright agonising at times, let me tell you.<br />But what if they're sung well, right?  Well... is it just me or does Richard sound a little too high and whiny half the time? I seem to remember him struggling to produce any sound at all at some points but I couldn't be bothered listening to the CD again to tell you where it is. <br />So why the three stars? Well, for a few reasons... none of which are very fair to many people who are gonna read this. For one, I live in Australia, and the version of 'Title Of Record' here has two bonus tracks on it... 'Jurrassitol' and '(Can't You) Trip Like I Do'. Now, the first one of them is crap, but 'Trip Like I Do' rocks (probably mostly due to The Crystal Method who lend a hand). Secondly, Filter do have a good choice of support bands. When they toured here, they were supported by SHIHAD... a New Zealand band who would have to be one of the best bands in the world. NOW THAT'S ROCK!  Look them up on Amazon.com and buy 'The General Electric' album... you WON'T regret it. And Thirdly, I must say there are SOME listenable tracks on the 'Title Of Record' album. Namely 'I'm Not The Only One', 'Captain Bligh' and 'Skinny'. <br />So yeah, you'd have to be a fool to get this imitation rock quite frankly. If you want the real thing, remember the name... SHIHAD!
B000002B35|3.0|Do not expect to be too enthusiastic about the innovative aspect of the music. If you did not like &quot;the division bell&quot; your only argument for buying Pulse is the full live version of dark side of the moon. To my opinion is just worth buying the album on these grounds (5-stars). The first part, however, seems to replicate &quot;delicate sound of thunder&quot;. The exceptions being &quot;astronomy domine&quot; and &quot;hey you&quot;, although you are going to miss Syd Barret and Roger Water's singing in either of them. There is no doubt that musically speaking the sound is astounding and Gilmour's guitar evolving but one would hope for something more original. If they ever release a new live album, do not be surprise of hearing the same old songs and of trying to compare them with previous live versions. Pulse would have certainly gained a lot by introducing tracks like echoes or animals, which are master pieces that never got to see the light in front of an audience after Roger left. Pulse is a weak attempt to revive symphonic rock, lacks of imagination and relies excessively on the previous live album, filling you with the impression of dj-vu as if they were retreating old ground.
B00003CWNR|4.0|This movie is beautiful to look at, well-acted, and artfully written.  Its examination of how the &quot;rules&quot; we're asked to live by don't always make sense in our everyday lives is subtle and beautifully handled.  The story, too, is very touching and believable, particularly the relationship between Caine and McGuire.  And the scene where the little boy with lung problems watches &quot;King Kong&quot;, smiling with happiness, is one of the simplest, yet incredibly moving scenes in any movie I've ever watched.
B00004DTLI|5.0|This album marks as the keystone of the old Whitesnake. Blues Metal as we called it was born into the Marsden, Moody guitars and Coverdale wailing. I like this LP because there is all the finest qualities of Deep Purple (with the exception of Ritchie Blackmore and Ian Gillan), mixed with the blues of Marsden-Moody guitars. This CD is a MUST for any Purple-Whitesnake fan. I have heard other versions of this cd that did not have the sound quality that this music deserves, but this French remake sounds exellent! GET IT NOW!!!
0553565915|1.0|In a way, I'm sorry to trounce a book that so many have found helpful. But I think that a dissenting opinion may be more helpful than hurtful.<br />I have had my own encounter with the spirit realm, and in my eagerness to explore what others have experienced I have found helpful books from James Van Praagh and Michael Newton. There is also a Usenet newsgroup, alt.consciousness.near-death-exp, where one can meet and talk with people who have had NDEs themselves. For the most part, Betty Eadie's book strikes me as largely fictionalized. There are elements in it that ring true, and I hope those are what are changing people's lives. Many of these truths are partially or completely hidden by accounts and rationalizations that gave me the impression that this book is a tract meant to pull wayward NewAgers into a particular religion (many have mentioned Mormonism in this context; from what little I know of Mormonism, it appears they may be correct).<br />One of the major, telling flaws is the effect (or lack thereof) that Ms Eadie's experience has on her. She says that she experiences the total, unconditional love that exists for all of us, and she says that she is told by Jesus himself that she has a mission to accomplish on Earth. Yet, when it is time for her NDE to end, she throws a temper tantrum like a spoiled child. And, after her physical recovery she becomes fearful, agoraphobic, loathing life and praying for death. This simply does not make any sense for a person who has had her consciousness exposed to unconditional love and been given a sense of purpose.<br />The other telling flaw is the way Ms. Eadie contradicts herself repeatedly, sometimes managing to say one thing and then contradict it on the very same page, such as when she mentions abortions. The contradictions reach a peak in her repeated references to Satan. First she says that Eve did not fall to temptation, but made a conscious decision to bring about conditions necessary for her spiritual progression. Two paragraphs later, she says that Satan will continue to use temptation just as he did in the Garden of Eden to destroy humanity. What do we have here, then? A necessary progression, or on-going destruction? She seems very fixated on Satan, which is an anomaly in my experience of NDE accounts. She is apparently unaware that she negates all her tales of Satan's power when she views her own &quot;sins&quot; as tools to aid her learning and progress.<br />About three-quarters of the way through the book, Ms. Eadie states, &quot;If we're kind, we'll have joy.&quot; It's much simpler than that, Ms. Eadie: Once we are aware of Love, we have joy. Kindness follows as a natural result.n. Two paragraphs later, she says that Satan will continue to use temptation just as he did in the Garden of Eden to destroy humanity. What do we have here, then? A necessary progression, or on-going destruction? She seems very fixated on Satan, which is an anomaly in my experience of NDE accounts. She is apparently unaware that she negates all her tales of Satan's power when she views her own &quot;sins&quot; as tools to aid her learning and progress.<br />About three-quarters of the way through the book, Ms. Eadie states, &quot;If we're kind, we'll have joy.&quot; It's much simpler than that, Ms. Eadie: Once we are aware of Love, we have joy. Kindness follows as a natural result.
B000024KBA|5.0|Along with Skip Spence, Roky Erickson, Sky Saxon, and Arthur Lee, it is near impossible to discuss the overall legacy of Roger &quot;Syd&quot; Barrett without slipping in at some point his &quot;madness.&quot; As a fan of all of these men, it is sad to hear more about what they allegedly did or how they acted versus what their musical output sounds like. <br />&quot;The Madcap Laughs&quot; is an album of legendary status. The songs on it are a tad eccentric, yes, but still evidence that even in 1969, as he was allegedly going mad, his songwriting was heads and tails above that of his former Pink Floyd mates (compare these songs to the solo efforts presented by the Floyd on &quot;Ummagumma,&quot; their effort of the same period of time).<br />The performances, featuring members of Dave Gilmour's former band Joker's Wild in a case or 2, are excellent, as well. Most feture only Barrett with his acoustic guitar, and the intimacy works in most cases, especially on the gorgeous &quot;Golden Hair,&quot; and the eerie &quot;Feel.&quot;<br />The album, alas was marred with production problems. Syd did live in his own time space world, and as the recording dragged on, Harvest became fidgity, unsure that Syd could deliver the goods on schedule. Under pressure to get the lp out on time, Malcolm Jones, the original producer, (un)wisely handed the producer's reigns over to Dave Gilmour and Roger Waters with the idea that Syd would work better with his friends and get the lp out on time. <br />The results were disasterous, and only served to fuel the Barrett is crazy legacy. The songs that Gilmour and Waters worked on (tracks 5,7-12) were in many cases not ready, and sounded rushed and awful- with Barrett singing out of his vocal range and sounded confused. In more than 1 case, it was clear by the turning of pages and his pauses that Barrett was working on them for the 1st time. In their defense, the Floyd mates were gaining popularity and had to schedule Barrett's sessions aroundtheir increasing touring and the fact that they were completing their &quot;Ummagumma&quot; lp at the same time.<br />For whatever reason, those takes were included on the lp, and stick out like a sore thumb. The tracks that Jones produced find Barrett in great form- relaxed, within his vocal range- and were excellent tracks. It can be assumed that had Barrett had more time to properly complete the Gilmour/waters produced tracks, they would have been as good.<br />The legacy of the lp are those few tracks, alas. They are cited as proof that Barrett was going mad and should not have been in a recording studio. I disagree. The rest of the lp shows that with patience in the studio that Barrett created quality tracks (&quot;Golden Hair,&quot; &quot;Terrapin, &quot; &quot;Late Night,&quot; and &quot;No Good Trying&quot; show Barrett in very fine form) and was in control in the studio.<br />The circumstances under which the lp were made have to be understood in order to fairly look at this lp. Yes, it is uneven, but still, it is an amazing debut and is a gem.
0140282033|5.0|I don't know how many times she mentioned chocolate, but I have been cramming chocolates into my mouth during and after finishing this delightful book. Oh, I never dreamed how much she could write about chocolate. Not only is creating chocolate an art, but it seems eating it is as well. What a cute little story! Such wonderful descriptions, a light story on the outside but full of meaningfulness in the center. Ms. Harris creates a wonderful dream world, real and imaginary for her characters.<br />Her characters! Such fascinating &quot;insights&quot; into the lives of French villagers!  The best part, I think: Viane vs. the cure---what an imaginative ending; I kept waiting for a &quot;showdown&quot; between indulgence and mad conservatism---but you have to be patient. Ms. Harris writing style reminds me of Judith Merkle Rileys; if she were to right in the present. Such a sweet, indulgent book!
B00004SVIK|4.0|This CD is excellent.  Sound and recording quality is great, but with older Floyd live recordings such as Ummagumma and others the band takes time and improv jams for dozens of minutes.  This CD captures the mood and spirit of the wall but fails to encompass what made Floyd so good live.  They only jam after the guitar solo in Another Brick In The Wall Parts 1 &amp; 2 and an unreleased song called: &quot;The Last Few Bricks&quot; but other than that they stick to the original song formant without improv.  Discs are still worth buying, but if your looking for the old live Floyd sound, I'd look else where.
0875428940|5.0|I don't yet own this deck, it's next on my purchase list as soon as college life gives me $20 to spare.  I own 3 decks, and when I looked at a friend's Wood deck I realized that it could very easily and quickly become my favorite.  While similar to the common Waite deck in much of its symbolism, the effect is much deeper here... the basic meaning of each card leaps off the cardstock and straight into your conciousness, and yet if you take the time to dig (or get the companion book) you find that every minute detail has meaning, enriching the entire deck.  Without even giving a reading with it, I can tell that the deck is extremely intuitive, especially if you have any prior Tarot knowledge.
0425129586|5.0|As you go through this book you think that all but one of the mysterious guests are going to be left after doing away with the others but you will have an unexpected surprise at the end.(Don't read the end first)  I found that you can never let your mind stay with one suspect.  Every time you think it is this person, they mysteriously die.  You are left thinking, &quot;Who did it?&quot; even after the main plot ends.<br />I think this is the greatest mystery book ever written.  Suspense and vagueness is common to this wonderful book.
0790729989|5.0|I really really loved the movie manhunter. but when I first saw this movie I was completly blown away... I baught it for vhs right away and watched it atleast a dozen times, right when this DVD came out I got it and have watched it again atleast a dozen of times. its well worth the own and the re watches... my only problem with this dvd is you have to flip the disk.. this might be a newer updated version but I dont think it is.. the flipping is kind of annoying, but that aside the movie is spectacular!!!
B000002E5J|4.0|&quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; was really a great discovery for me. At the time this album was released and was selling like crazy, to tell you the truth, did not know or care who Shakira was. I thought she was just a regular out-of-the-oridnary artist. Even after I became more familiar with her I found myself not liking her music! YES ITS TURE! Eventually I found myself liking her music, A LOT!<br /> &quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; is a really unique album. It opens with two of my favorite Shakira songs &quot;Estoy Aqui&quot; and &quot;Antologia&quot;. I think the album is light on variety. Like on the Selena album &quot;Amor Prohibido&quot;, for example you would be able to find a Mariachi song, a rock song and a Tejano Song all on the same CD along with many other styles. But then again, Shakira is not Selena, she is Shakira and this style works best for her. The biggest change of music on this album would most definatley was &quot;Donde Estas Corazon&quot; which is a delight to listen to. <br /> While &quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; is a great CD, Shakira would soon release even-greater music with &quot;Donde Estan Los Ladrones?&quot;.
B00004U9LT|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS SO WONDERFUL TO INTRODUCE CHILDREN TO A SWEET STORY TOLD ONLY WITH FEW WORDS.THE WORLD IS FULL OF NOISE. IS IS VERY REFRESHING TO BE ABLE TO ENJOY A LOVELY STORY TOGETHER
B000002E5J|4.0|&quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; was really a great discovery for me. At the time this album was released and was selling like crazy, to tell you the truth, did not know or care who Shakira was. I thought she was just a regular out-of-the-oridnary artist. Even after I became more familiar with her I found myself not liking her music! YES ITS TURE! Eventually I found myself liking her music, A LOT!<br /> &quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; is a really unique album. It opens with two of my favorite Shakira songs &quot;Estoy Aqui&quot; and &quot;Antologia&quot;. I think the album is light on variety. Like on the Selena album &quot;Amor Prohibido&quot;, for example you would be able to find a Mariachi song, a rock song and a Tejano Song all on the same CD along with many other styles. But then again, Shakira is not Selena, she is Shakira and this style works best for her. The biggest change of music on this album would most definatley was &quot;Donde Estas Corazon&quot; which is a delight to listen to. <br /> While &quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; is a great CD, Shakira would soon release even-greater music with &quot;Donde Estan Los Ladrones?&quot;.
B000021XS0|1.0|Yes, if you are a fan of prog-metal, you must buy this CD. But beware: it is NOT the best album ever (it isn't even DT's best). It suffers from the regressive progressive disease: trite lyrics, overseriousness, nothing truely innovative sounding (although a measureable quantity of maturity), and a heaping lack of soul. The last is most important. <br />It is a good CD if you are into the stuff that makes it emberressing to tell people that you like prog. It certainly does not deserve to be on ANY list that chronicles the best ever.<br />There are a number of good prog bands putting out music much degrees better than SFaM, but with little to no attention applied. They are worth checking out.
B000002E5J|4.0|&quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; was really a great discovery for me. At the time this album was released and was selling like crazy, to tell you the truth, did not know or care who Shakira was. I thought she was just a regular out-of-the-oridnary artist. Even after I became more familiar with her I found myself not liking her music! YES ITS TURE! Eventually I found myself liking her music, A LOT!<br />&quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; is a really unique album. It opens with two of my favorite Shakira songs &quot;Estoy Aqui&quot; and &quot;Antologia&quot;. I think the album is light on variety. Like on the Selena album &quot;Amor Prohibido&quot;, for example you would be able to find a Mariachi song, a rock song and a Tejano Song all on the same CD along with many other styles. But then again, Shakira is not Selena, she is Shakira and this style works best for her. The biggest change of music on this album would most definatley was &quot;Donde Estas Corazon&quot; which is a delight to listen to. <br />While &quot;Pies Descalzos&quot; is a great CD, Shakira would soon release even-greater music with &quot;Donde Estan Los Ladrones?&quot;.
B00004X01U|3.0|Maddona has once again sort of changed her style. Ray of Light, her previous CD was to me a downright gem. I LOVED almost every song on that CD. However with &quot;Music&quot;, she comes again with sort of the same flavor yet different. For me these changes aren't so good. Starting with the featured song of &quot;Music&quot; itself. I think it sounds really 80's-ish and I really don't like the song at all. Also with the most annoying riff I've heard in a song in a while in track number six. &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; about 1 minute or so into the song. This insane sound comes from nowhere and takes an average song into the depths of mediocrity! Despite that really crappy song, there are a few outstanding songs on this CD. The aforementioned &quot;Amazing&quot; is amazingly similar to &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;, but it's still a great song! &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; is another good one and &quot;What it feels like for a Girl&quot; is another good one. This song seemed to have borrowed elements from Prince's &quot;Scandalous&quot; on the Batman soundtrack about ten years ago. One more complaint is that I'd rather see her work with William Orbit than Mirwais Ahmadzai because his tracks always has a strange flair that I really enjoy. This is a decent CD, but I enjoyed &quot;Ray of Light&quot; tons better. Probably because I like Orbit's work.
B000002LR6|4.0|Even though '92 was a way back, this disc still plays well. There are a couple tracks that I usually skip, but the majority are solid, and none are what I would call bad.<br />T.V.II is a thrash fest second to none, and Just One Fix is a hard hitting, well played heavy track. N.W.O. and the &quot;title track&quot; are also top performers from this disc. I never was huge into Industrial so I have not looked into Ministry's other works. Word I hear is that there's better out there than what Psalm 69 offered. Even though I listen to this disc less now, I have spun it recently and still regard it as one of the greats in my collection.<br />If you're a fan of Industrial music and like the heavy sounding stuff, this is a CD that definately warrants a listen. With Psalm 69 from Ministry and Broken by NIN, a strong case can be made that '92 was a great year for Industrial music.
0446608955|5.0|Desperately attempting to find a book, any book, to read while flying from New Orleans to Cleveland I picked up this book because it was short, had a nice picture on the front, and was written by the author who gave us Time in a Bottle. Not expecting much I read the prologue and became slightly interested in the first person account of a self-absorbed 17 year old boy. (It kinda described me 25 years ago.)<br />After the 1st chapter, I was hooked!  Spark's humorous phrasing and self-appraisal is wonderful. Best of all is his ability to tell a simple story which is filled with implications regarding relationships that everyone can benefit from. Is this fluff? I guess so, but so what. Is it predictable? Yes, but so what.  The only knock on this book would be the author's not too subtle attempts to bring tears to the readers' eyes in the final passages of the book. But so what!<br />In essence, while reading this book, I became that 17 year old boy all over again. It brought back memories and feelings often buried after years and years of being an adult. Thanks, Sparks.  It's not often I read a book that I enjoy and that I can recommend it to my daughter, my wife, my son and my mother.
B00004Z311|5.0|This movie is really enjoyable and satisfying for fantasy fans. While there's lots of time for Lord of the Rings movie and Dungeons &amp; Dragons Movie this will make you happy. It has good visual effect for its time. Good actors like very young Tom Cruise as an unexperienced adventurer knight trying to save his girl from a very cool looking Demon. Like Labyrinth and Dark Crystall this movie is a must have.
0062513346|1.0|After enjoying The Alchemist, I was extremely disappointed to read such a poor book.  While the story is interesting, it is recounted with such cliche, that the story becomes 'cheesy'.  I would not recommend this book to someone unless they have an absolute fascination in Paulo's life.
B00004SCX6|3.0|In comparing this album to pink floyds &quot;the wall&quot;, I would have to say that it falls short of the latter albums greatness and sheer strength. Britney's cover of the rolling stones &quot;satisfaction (i cant get no)&quot; brings new emotional depth to the lyrics and music, And whoever created that great electronic guitar riff should be commended on improving &quot;Guitarist&quot; Keith Richards poor riffage. Great album, but still no &quot;white album&quot;
B000002HRE|5.0|This CD is GREAT!  Just look at the songs:Fuel, Memory Remains, Unforgiven II, Better Than You, Carpe Diem Baby, Prince Charming etc.  Anybody that claims to be a Metallica fan yet doesn't like this CD sucks.  Many of you whine and complaine that the old stuff is better and by changing their sound Metallica is no longer good.  When, by changing their sound they are showing how great they really are.  If you can go through what I believe to be 3 changes (1:Kill 'Um All, Master of Puppets, Ride the Lightning, ...And Justice for All, fast and loud guitars; 2:&quot;Black Album&quot; which is more rythm yet great guitars; 3:Load, ReLoad which have great guitars, rythm and Hetfield at his greatest) and still sound great they deserve a little respect.  If you can't accecpt their change then I wonder if you have a true appreciation for music in general.  Any band that can change their sound that many times should be considered great.  Don't get me wrong, I love the old Metallica, espically the &quot;Black Album&quot; which I belive to be their greatest work, but the new stuff is amazing.  At least Metallica still does solo's.  No bands today do solo's examples:Creed, Limp Bizkit, Kid Rock among others.  If you want a good CD buy this one or any other Metallica one for that matter.
B00004STPT|5.0|So, I saw the movie and was very impressed by it, I usually don't like these kind of movies, but especially the music just kept hanging in my mind. Read many of the other reviews and yes, much is found in the music of Holst and Wagner, but it isn't Holst or Wagner. Listen to a lot of other filmscores, especially scifi movies and you will here Holst, Wagner, Stravinsky everywhere. But if I listen to the music of this film I can almost replay it in my mind. Isn't that what makes this music so unique? What do you think of when you listen to the rite of spring? Do you know the real story behind it?  I love this kind of music but it is hard for me to imagine anything with the music, I just let my fantasy go. But I always will think of a very good movie when I hear this music. I even dare to say that the movie wouldn't have been so impressive without it!!!
0316286443|5.0|Kevyn Aucoin has outdone himself again.  This is an awesome step by step account of how to transform yourself.  I have his other books and I can definitely say that this is my favorite.  He takes everyday people and morphs them into a more glamourous version of themselves.  This man is a &quot;Master Beauty Magician&quot;!
0881032565|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book for my summer reading at my high school. It is one of the best books that I have ever read. If you like mystery book and you have nothing to do you should really check out this book and see for yourself how good this book is. This book has a really great plot to it. One of the best that I have read. And Then There Were None is about ten strangers from all over the world that receive these letters from someone named U.N.Owen. All  of them travel there and take a boat to the island. After the first day the people start to die one by one. So they start to think that it is one of them among the people that were left. In the end though every single person dies. Yes everybody dies. I could not figure out who the killer was but I have a good idea who it was. You should really read this book and see for yourself who the killer is. This book kept me in suspence and never wanted to put the book down. If you do decide to read this book you have a great time reading it.
B000003BF4|5.0|The editorial review by someone called Dan Epstein should be ignored.  Given that this is a live 1969 recording it is not a grand example of hi-fi..........but in terms of musical excellence it ranks along with the very best........wonderful guitar work......and an atmosphere rarely created on live recordings from the 60s (with the exception of Billie &amp; Dede Pearce).  On vinyl even &quot;a grown man can cry&quot;......it is so good.   When I go to the grave I shall take this with &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot;.  Buy it now.........and then wait for the &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; video in December 2000.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Unless something truly stunning comes out, this movie would be my pick for movie of the year.  An amazing story mixed with some great action and one of cinemas best actors (Russell Crowe) deserves no less.  Everybody owes it to themselves to see this epic.
B000002KO3|5.0|I've never grown tired of this album-from when I first heard it as a surburban new wave kid to now, and, I'm sure I'll dig it  many years in the future.  The Heads were the funkiest &quot;new wave&quot; band...Just listen to &quot;Cross Eyed and Painless&quot;-if you can't dance to this-you can't dance...(I speed it up and throw it into my Drum&amp;Bass set-it mixes perfectly..)  The opening cut is the best attempt any American band has made at African pop.  The rest of the album is a brilliant mix of polyrhythmic grooves and Brian Eno/Adrian Belew textured freakiness.  This is the Heads at the height of their art.  This album would go into my time capsule-or onto my Voyager gold record...If aliens are intercepting radio broadcasts of Remain in Light-they're certainly getting down and getting funky.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This edition of the movie is just spectacular.  The picture is crisp and clear and the sound is unbelievable.  The Dolby Digital 5.1 EX is great but the DTS 5.1 ES version definately has an edge.  If you own a DTS decoder, spring for this edition of T2 because the sound is definately worth it.  A true 5 stars!!!!
B000001E18|5.0|It's funny that most U2 fans i know think that this is by far their WORST album! I just can't understand that point of view, this album is full of magic and great songs, and for me, this is easily their best work! I'm not saying that U2's previous albums weren't great, they really were!!, but every band must actualise his music or the fans will get sick of listening always for the same songs, with the same chords, the same rythms, etc.. And i think that &quot;Zooropa&quot; is the perfect example for that. The U2 spirit is still there even if the songs can, at first listening, sound a little &quot;weird&quot; for U2 fans.. this isn't for sure an &quot;easy-listening&quot; album, this is a record for which we have to understand the spirit and the message that the band wants to transmit.<br />U2 kept making the music with the same emotion that was per example in &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;, but they've done it with a different style adding electronic sounds and techno rythms. We can clearly see that change in the song &quot;Lemon&quot; in which the band had put a techno rythm behind the wonderful Bono's &quot;falsetto&quot; singing. This song is really great! And after this song we can hear a superb classical U2 song: &quot;Stay&quot;.  But what makes this album so great is the strength that the band puts in its songs.. like in &quot;Daddy's gonna pay...&quot; that is a really powerful song and also in &quot;Dirty Day&quot; that has this titanium bass!! Otherside of this album's beauty is the instrumentation, the intro of the song &quot;Zooropa&quot; is musically perfect!<br />That is really my U2 favourite!! When you listen to it, you just forget everything else!! This is wonderful music, this is really U2 in their perfect moment after the hudge success of &quot;Achtung Baby!&quot;.. ok, now you can go buy it! :)
B00003CXE7|3.0|Gladiator is a movie with two faces; on one are epic battle sequences that are as awe-inspiring as they are graphic, on the other, a hideous script with bad lines.  This movie drags in the center very badly.  I saw the movie and the battle scenes are the only things that kept me awake, otherwise this movie is abysmal.  The battle scenes alone make this movie worth watching; but other than that, there isn't anything new here.
0316777722|5.0|I have never recommended a book so highly, to so many people. I read this book on a long flight and I am quite sure others on the plane thought I was mentally retarded, emotionally unstable and totally socially unacceptable for my constant, hysterical laughter.<br />Don't borrow it. Buy it! In fact, buy TWO! You will want a copy to keep and one to give a stubborn friend who refuses your repeated attempts to read them your favorite chapter.<br />Definitely the funniest book I have ever so completely identified with.
6305077630|3.0|Who's the cheapskate at Universal Pictures/MCA who wouldn't shell out for the soundtrack music of the John Hughes movies of the 80s?  SIXTEEN CANDLES is missing lots of tracks (including David Bowie's &quot;Young Americans&quot; and the Sinatra version of &quot;New York, New York&quot;), and WEIRD SCIENCE suffers the excisions of Roy Orbison's &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; as well as &quot;Gonna Fly Now (Theme from &quot;Rocky&quot;).&quot;  Since Hughes usually selected these songs for the sake of humor, their absence (both are substituted with yet another reprise of Oingo Boingo's nifty theme song) is annoying.<br />That aside, however, WEIRD SCIENCE is an underrated little gem.  It has its share of silliness, but there are many memorable lines, and it's arguably Anthony Michael Hall's finest hour as an adolescent schtick-master.<br />Maltin may not get this movie, but look up Roger Ebert's review on the web, he's one of this flick's few defenders.  And once you see it, perhaps you will be too.
B000002GEV|5.0|I was 15 when I first heard this album and wore out three album copies before CD came into existance.  This recording took me through high school, college and beyond, and certainly was best when played at generous volume to allow one to swim in the sound.  The lyrics are darkly humorous and verbally masterful.  The harmonies pull the ears.  When I finally gave up the last popping and hissing album and switched to a gold CD version, I very much missed the roundness and fullness of the originally recorded sound.  If you have the privilege to do so, listen to the cut &quot;Asylum&quot; on a vinyl album, not CD, and turn up to maximal volume as the song fades away.  You will hear a faint &quot;cuckoo&quot; in the distance.  Unfortunately, this elegant bit of subtle humor is not audible on CD, to the loss of the modern listener.
6304119046|5.0|It's too bad that so many first-time viewers approach CITIZEN KANE with the good-for-you stigma attached, as though it were the cinematic equivalent of cod liver oil.<br />Plainly put, Orson Welles' masterpiece is both an exquisitely crafted work of cinematic genius, and a fun movie to watch.  Zippily edited, stirringly scored, brilliantly acted, peppily written, KANE is a movie I can go back to again and again, both for its delicate subtleties and for its sheer entertainment value.<br />Okay, if you're the sort of film watcher who can't stand anything in black and white or (like someone whose name I won't mention) doesn't like to see films made before you were born, there's nothing to be done for you.  But give this movie half a chance, forget that the AFI and your film professor told you that you are honor-bound to love it, and just enjoy the spectacle, the drama, the exhilaration of CITIZEN KANE.<br />(Confidential to Ted Turner:  Is this thing coming out on DVD sometime this century, or *what*?)
B000000OAN|4.0|When I first heard \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\" it scared me.  Heck, I was only 11 and I didn't understand how you could mix opera and rock.  It sounded satanic.  I've since resolved my religious issues and come to the understanding that Queen blew open the doors to numerous musical possibilities.  The vocal harmonies, and learned, exacting guitar licks leave an indelible mark on your consciousness.  Queen is definitely a band to learn from if you want to understand rock -n- roll.
B00004U3UG|2.0|I don't expect a whole lot from my DVD's.  I'm not the kind of  person who sees a speck of dust on the film print and give the DVD a poor rating, I don't really pay attention to that stuff.  But when something really effects your viewing pleasure I get a little angry.  The extras are OK, with good commentary and four cut scenes.  But the thing that really ruined this DVD for me, was the quality.  During two scenes, is where the quality is HORRIBLE, worse than a VHS copy.  During the Windmill scene, and the final battle scene.  The quality overall of the film, was  really good, except those two scenes.  When you get to those  scenes you will know it.  It's just horrible.  I am still trying to figure out how the heck Anchor Bay let this slip past?  Either that, or they knew it was there, and just released it anyway. I'm glad this is limited to 40,000 copies, once they are all gone no one else will get stuck with this copy.  If you want a good DVD, pick up the newly released Evil Dead II dvd with the tin case.  It's a amazing DVD!!!  Thanks
B00000255F|5.0|So much has been said about this album, from experts and fans alike. But there are some people out there, young or old, who might have recently been turned on to Springsteens music, and I would like to offer opinion as to why you &quot;need&quot; to pick up this cd.<br />Born to Run ain't for the rich or spoiled. Do you understand? The point isn't hard to grasp, for those who've longed for a second chance, or needed a payout on sheer faith. This album is simply storytelling at its best, because for some reason listeners can put themselves into each and every song. It's about redemption. On his first 2 albums, the stage is set. Beach towns, dreams... someday I'll break out (this boardwalk life's through babe, you oughtta quit this scene too...) Born to Run is the moment where all the faith and frustrations collide. And it's better than theater.<br />My favorite track is usually &quot;Backstreets&quot;. Vocally, the song has no peer. By the end, Springsteen is wailing. Its about growing up, broken friendships, growing apart. Anyone whos gone from 18 to 30 can relate to that, right? But in Backstreets, it seems Springsteen was left behind, that Terry deserted him. Left alone, back in his dead-end job, life, loves. The next song: Born to Run. Sure you can sit back and take it. Springsteen did on his first 2 albums. He sat back and recorded all this misery, hope, dreams. But on Born to Run, he takes control of his own life. And I guess that is the magic of the album/cd. Because you feels as if you can/will/had also. Because you're never too old, and sometimes the second chance pays off. You just gotta want it.<br />I hope you get the cd and listen. Storytelling aside, the music is worth the price of admission. It's a great ride.
B00004U3UG|2.0|I don't expect a whole lot from my DVD's.  I'm not the kind of  person who sees a speck of dust on the film print and give the DVD a poor rating, I don't really pay attention to that stuff.  But when something really effects your viewing pleasure I get a little angry.  The extras are OK, with good commentary and four cut scenes.  But the thing that really ruined this DVD for me, was the quality.  During two scenes, is where the quality is HORRIBLE, worse than a VHS copy.  During the Windmill scene, and the final battle scene.  The quality overall of the film, was  really good, except those two scenes.  When you get to those  scenes you will know it.  It's just horrible.  I am still trying to figure out how the heck Anchor Bay let this slip past?  Either that, or they knew it was there, and just released it anyway. I'm glad this is limited to 40,000 copies, once they are all gone no one else will get stuck with this copy.  If you want a good DVD, pick up the newly released Evil Dead II dvd with the tin case.  It's a amazing DVD!!!  Thanks
B00000J7J4|5.0|It is about time that Carlos Santana received recognition for his work.  This masterpiece is not just the best of 1999, it is undoubtedly one of the finest works of my generation.
B000000HXK|4.0|I spent about 9 months trying to get a hold of Hex. After reading about what a ground breaking album it was, I really wanted to hear it. Progressive music fans like me live for albums that carry such cudos.<br />This is a great album: subtle, lush, layered, hypnotic and sophistscated. Bark Psychosis reject any attempts at being commercial, and follow their vision comepletely. The results is wonderful, engaging music.<br />But Hex is not the revolutionary step it is touted to be. There is nothing on here that King Crimson, Eno, or Fripp and Eno had not done by 1975. Anybody that follows progressive music will be able to trace this album back to those two towers of strength, not to mention Can, Faust, Hawkwind, or the Velvet Underground's drone explorations in the late-60s. Ture, technology has gotten much better, and smart bands like Bark Psychosis are able to many more sounds into their music, and create more shining sheens.<br />But this whole notion of &quot;post-rock&quot; is false. Things like this have been going on since the early days of psychadelia. You  just have look.
044651652X|1.0|Actually, it's not simply that it's bad. <br />Bad we can cope with. What's really, really horrific is the way people rave about it, as though it were the lost fifth Gospel.<br />When I was &quot;invited&quot; by my Lady Fair to see the movie with her, I innoculated myself with a heartening tot or two (well, alright. Three.)  of Bell's 8 year old. I survived the movie, but only just. I was a weakened, shambling shell of a man for a week or two afterwards, but no permanent harm was done.<br />Then I was &quot;asked&quot; (once again by the Lady Fair)to read the book and report my thoughts. We are still together, but it was touch and go for a while.<br />Imagine a block of super-concentrated caramel. It weighs, say, 8 ounces. Melt it gently in a pot, add three more pounds of sugar, and a healthy handful of saccharine.<br />Allow to set, and call it &quot;The Bridges of Madison County&quot;.<br />Oh, the horror. The horror.
B000000HXK|4.0|I spent about 9 months trying to get a hold of Hex. After reading about what a ground breaking album it was, I really wanted to hear it. Progressive music fans like me live for albums that carry such cudos.<br />This is a great album: subtle, lush, layered, hypnotic and sophistscated. Bark Psychosis reject any attempts at being commercial, and follow their vision comepletely. The results is wonderful, engaging music.<br />But Hex is not the revolutionary step it is touted to be. There is nothing on here that King Crimson, Eno, or Fripp and Eno had not done by 1975. Anybody that follows progressive music will be able to trace this album back to those two towers of strength, not to mention Can, Faust, Hawkwind, or the Velvet Underground's drone explorations in the late-60s. Ture, technology has gotten much better, and smart bands like Bark Psychosis are able to many more sounds into their music, and create more shining sheens.<br />But this whole notion of &quot;post-rock&quot; is false. Things like this have been going on since the early days of psychadelia. You  just have look.
B000001F76|5.0|As strange as it might seem to those who've read some of my prior Hank reviews, I'm going to compliment this one.  This is THE PLACE to get started listening to  Hank.  These are the songs that made him famous and they are presented in their original, undubbed versions (with the exception of &quot;Weary Blues From Waitin'&quot; which was a smash in it's overdubbed version and deserves inclusion in that form).  MGM for so many years presented Hank's music in some very weird forms including a series of LP's with strings in the 60's.  That's why this set is such a breath of fresh air-no trying to fit current trends, no trying to fake stereo here.  Simple Hank at his sparse best!  Buy this &amp; you'll be pleased!<br /> Ronald<BR>
B0000027RL|5.0|It's Pearl Jam.  Just having the band's name on the civer makes this album an automatic winner.  Coming from the ashes of Temple Of The Dog, Pearl Jam is one of the best best bands of the ninetys.  And this album sure shows their enormous talent.  It's PERFECT.  Every song is good.  From &quot;Once&quot; to &quot;Release&quot;.  A total winner in every category.  Great music.  Strong songwriting.  It all comes together perfectly.  Ed Vedder and Mike McCready are geniouses.  Vedder has a strong voice and vocal range, and McCready and Stone Gossard are awesome guitarists.  Now on to the tracks...&quot;Once&quot; is my favorite track on the album, and it gets it off to a great start.  It's fast, rockin', and has a really cool guitar riff in it.  &quot;Evenflow&quot; is an excellent song that will keep you singing it for days even if you can't understand what Vedder is saying the first time you hear it.  &quot;Alive&quot; is a Pearl Jam favorite, and an incredibly anthemic song.  &quot;Why Go?&quot;  is another great rockin' song, with a great chorus.  &quot;Black&quot; is the most powerful Pearl Jam song ever written.  This is an example of a perfect song.  The ending to the song is especially good, with Vedder howling and a piano playing in the backround.  &quot;Jeremy&quot; is a song which truly showcases Vedder's writing talents.  It sends chills down my spine as well.  &quot;Porch&quot; is another one of my favorite songs here, it just plain ROCKS.  &quot;Oceans&quot; is a slower song, but slower doesn't mean worse.  &quot;Garden&quot; is a VERY haunting song.  Vedder's howl makes chills run down your spine every time you listen to it.  &quot;Deep&quot; is a straight up rock song with very good lyrics as well.  &quot;Release&quot; is the only track I don't really care for.  It's too mellow for me.  Do as I say!  Buy this album!  You will not be dissapointed!
0441172717|5.0|I read this book the first time when I was a freshman in high school.  I 've probably reread this book a half dozen time since then, although I hadn't picked it up for ten years.  This summer I finally picked it up again.  It is still my favorite book.
6302824613|1.0|This movie is just too much! And that's not necessarily a good thing in the case of this film. Sir James Bond (played by David Niven) is brought out of retirement to battle the forces of SMERSH after the death of &quot;M&quot;. Only now, all secret agents have the &quot;007&quot; mantle in an effort to confuse the enemy. Unfortunately, its the viewer of this film that ends up confused. This film suffers from having too many directors, too many screenwriters, and too many star actors. The story itself seems like a series of plot turns that have been smashed together to fill the runtime of the movie. However, it isn't completely horrible. There are some clever sequences that can be found amongst the chaos of this film. Peter Sellers is great in the role of Evylen Tremble, and Woody Allen really stands out as Sir James Bond's nephew and villain, Little Jimmy Bond. His plot for worldwide domination is absolutely fantastic! The visuals in this film are also very appealing (great Mod attire on all the female agents!). If you're looking for some mindless silly entertainment, then grab this film. But if you're looking for a plot, just walk away
0399143904|5.0|Anyone who thinks this book isn't good is just full of it! This quite simply the greatest Clancy book ever. I could not put it down. The information is extremely accurate and is very detailed. The only this book could be improved is to make it longer, its one book that i didnt want to end. I cant wait for a sequel to it(if there is going to be one). This is a definite must read. Whoever it was that said it should be read in reading classes was very right. READ THIS BOOK!!!!!!
0446608955|5.0|Sparks is such a great writer...This book is written from the perspective of a 17-year old boy, so the language is simple and to the point...But the message is very clear.  The foreword mentions that you will laugh and cry...I sneered at the warning, but I couldn't help it!  I recommend this book to anyone who likes a good love story (and I do mean love, not that crap they pass off for love nowadays).
0316286443|5.0|Kevyn Aucoin is one of the best make up artist of the present. His books belongs to the greatest guides you can have. The latest one called Face Forward is not different. Kevyn has co-operated with the best photographers including Patrick Demarchelier,Herb Ritts, Stephen Meisel and more. Face Forward is the real must-have for every women and make-up fans and stylist. Id recommend it to all of you.
B000006YMN|5.0|I am a fan of ABBA. When the group split, I bought &quot;I Stand Alone&quot; cassette (cud not afford CD then) in 1988 to continue to enjoy Agnetha's fabulous voice. Without a doubt, the cassette sounded really really good. I was playing that cassette till 1999, when it finally packed up. A cassette lasting 11 years? Unbelievable, but true.<br />It was such a great album, song after song. The recording quality was immaculately clean, the instruments sounding crystal clear. Most importantly, Agnetha's voice shone like a jewel with great control, articulate and with lots of emotion...it became my fav. album. The differing tempo on this album was refreshing. Peter Cetera's magic on this album was incredible and his duet/backgroud vocals was beautiful! BRAVO, Peter.<br />In mid-2000, I invested in CD and I have to have &quot;I Stand Alone&quot; in CD format. After painstaking search, I obtained a brandnew album (Made in Germany). The definition and dynamic range of the CD was beyond words. The cassette I had was superb, the CD is 10 times as superb. I am again, after 13 years from first release (1987), enjoying &quot;I Stand Alone&quot; with a new (digital) prespective. It was 10X more enjoyable than the cassette (also German-made). Every track was my favorite, but I liked &quot;Maybe It was Magic&quot;, &quot;Little white Secrets&quot; and &quot;I wasn't the One who said Goodbye&quot; the most.<br />Agnetha, you're the Girl with the Golden Hair (and Voice).Salute!
B00004TJKI|3.0|I was very disappointed when the first thing I saw upon playing this DVD was the all-too familiar &quot;this video has been modified to fit on your screen&quot; message.<br />Despite the Pan &amp; Scan, the video quality is very good - watch the trailer to get a feel for what it would have been like without being restored.<br />As for the movie . . . well, it's dated.  There was virtually no suspense in the courtroom scenes, because all of the big shocks that are revealed in court have already been explicity told to the viewer - it's a surprise to the audience in the courtroom, but not to you in your living room.  Not something I would rent again.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|Slipknot is unlike any other band out there.  A metal band with 9 members?  You know that has to be packing some disturbing, intense music.  From the beer keg beatings of 3 &amp; 6, to the twisted turntables of 1, and to the crazy sampling of 5, Slipknot is definately not an ordinary metal band.  They fall into a class all of their own, I wouldn't even consider them heavy metal, or even death metal.  Slipknot is, well, VIOLENT METAL, that's the best that I can describe it.  Their music and concerts are not of this world, they arise from the firey depths of hell to bring you hardcore, hate-lover's music.  The masks they wear are not to shield themselves and hide behind, but to bring out the devils that are burning inside of them, waiting to get out.  If you love metal, you better get this CD, because hot damn is it worth it.
6301752686|4.0|I recently acquired this tape and was dismayed to see a very bad musical number preceeding the cartoons. The tape is worth owning, but I would have preferred it if the musical number had been listed as being on the tape instead of waiting like a bad Halloween trick.
0783217048|5.0|Yes it may seem to sound stupid but its really funny!! I love it, my mother-in-law even liked it!!
B00003CWTI|5.0|For all the reasons that audiences praised &quot;American Beauty&quot; for depicting the human experience on film, &quot;Magnolia&quot; adds a more realistic, relatable, and multi-layered version of modern day themes of humanity.  Many are quick to dismiss the true genious of P.T. Anderson as they fail to process his many subtle but powerful symbolic gestures (the rapping black prophet kid, the use of drugs as a release, the allusion to raining frogs...). It is a reflection of our own lives, flashing back to us a reminder of what's important in life and how it's never too late to make amends for lifelong mistakes.  <br />On a technical note, the soundtrack is beautifully implemented and the picture quailty is very detailed and clear.  Most important, this is a movie where the extra disc full of bonus materials will help to illuminate the mulitple dimensions and deeper layers for the film.  <br />Simply put, this film is an amazing work, more deserving of Best Picture than &quot;American Beauty.&quot;
B00003CXE7|5.0|Never have I been so profoundly affected by a film and I am one who has seen a great many.  Despite the customary Hollywood-hype surrounding the effects and bloody battle sequences, this film is simply about the most upstanding hero I have seen upon the silver screen.   While Russell Crowe's Maximus exudes an air of invincibilty, he raptures the audience with his vulnerability.  Yes, the mighty Maximus is a conquering general, a cunning warrior and a ruthless gladiator, however - at the core of this film - is a man who simply adores his family and home.  And that's where you will make a connection (and I am not yet married nor do I have any children!!!).  Everything else is mere scenery, i.e., the effects, the gore, etc.  You see a man who loves and is loved and manages to do all in the most dire of circumstances. In the spirit of Maximus, do yourself a favor and see the meaning of &quot;strength and honor&quot;.  Purchase this masterpiece and I can wish nothing more than for you to enjoy it as I have. Bravo Mr. Crowe and Mr. Scott.
0385474547|4.0|Like some of the other writers here have commented, the first part of the novel is a little boring.  The deadpan style of writing was a little too simple if you can say that about someone's writing. That plus the difficulty of sounding the African words made me a little irritated when I read it.  I wondered what simpleton had written this text.  But then I read a critcism of \\"Heart of Darkness\\" written by Chinua Achebe.  (In it he says that Europeans have often used Africa as a \\"foil\\" to make their own accomplishments seem grander.)  Anyway, this essay was obviously the work of a learned scholar.  Why would such a sophisticated writer parody the Ernest Hemingway style with far-too-simple declarative sentences?<br />I will admit that this book is a good work of literature but I question whether it is a Great Book.  How many of it's 100,000 U.S. sales annually arise because students are compelled by their teachers to read it.  Is the real reason this book is widely read that it attacks European culture, colonialism, and church missionaries?  After all, attacks on the majority by the minority, such as \\"Why the Caged Bird Sings\\", have elevated writers of mediocre talent, write: \\"Alice Walker\\", to international acclaim.  (Toni Morrison is not a mediocre talent so say the critics with which I usually agree.  I have yet to read her work but look forward to doing so.)<br />As the review posted at Amazon.com says, Achebe does not get carried away and gloss over the brutal nature of African village culure.  He describes the warfare between tribes and implicitly attacks the pride that the villagers have in being great warriors.  He describes how twins are thrown away at birth.  (It was not clear to me if they killed them and then buried them in the Evil Forest.)<br />But Chinua Achebe himself is a product of the colonial, meaning British, culture that he attacks.  Brought up on English literature and short-listed for the Booker prize he owes much to the Victorian Era.  Had there been no colonials there would be no \\"Things Fall Apart\\".<br />Not all books that kids in school have read for many years are great books.  For example, Harper Lee's \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" is a good book.  But why do so many schools assign it as if it was a great book?  And I think that \\"Things Fall Apart\\" would probably be good to assign to highschoolers.  But let's not call a work of literature great simply because it attacks western civilization.re been no colonials there would be no \\"Things Fall Apart\\".<br />Not all books that kids in school have read for many years are great books.  For example, Harper Lee's \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" is a good book.  But why do so many schools assign it as if it was a great book?  And I think that \\"Things Fall Apart\\" would probably be good to assign to highschoolers.  But let's not call a work of literature great simply because it attacks western civilization.
B00004UEDR|5.0|I do not have much to say but that this is a very inspring, funny, and touching film all rolled up in a perfect movie package.  It really zones in on the downside to instant gratification and the upside to actually living life rather than avoiding it.  I liked it so much I watched it two times in a row. And by the way....that blond german gay guy in the rehab with her steels the spotlight in several scenes..he is hilarious!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Before i saw gladiator, i had the opportunity of seeing the colosseum in rome, italy. but i remember when i saw the colosseum i was amazed how huge and tall it was, and when we entered the colosseum, it really was an amazing sight. then about two weeks later, i went to see this movie gladiator. when i saw the colosseum scenes, i was really amazed to see what it would of looked back in the ancient times... and the whole movie was great to watch.. russel crowe is an amazing actor and you can definately see his talent in this movie.. i even hope that he would get an oscar recognition from gladiator.. even though there were violent scenes that i found hard to watch, it is an excellent movie.
B000002J29|5.0|The only Genesis live album that matters. For the best of what this art rock band had to offer live, this album takes advantage of the technology available at the time and combines it with the band's flawless performance ability to produce a chronicle of the band at its peak. Yes, Peter Gabriel had already departed and Peter fans will surely miss his timbre. Phil had the right range and a remarkably close sound to Peter, but Phil is no Peter. Having said that, the Phil-fronted band did perform way beyond what anyone expected as this album showcased. One of the best closings of any concert is captured on this album as well: &quot;Cinema Show,&quot; &quot;Dance on a Volcano&quot; and &quot;Los Endos.&quot; For pure musical excitement, one would have to witness the stirring end of a Beethoven Symphony to match the energy and spirit exuding from this recording. From this point on Genesis seemed to lapse into a phase of mediocrity with precious little of interest on the following albums (Duke, Abacab). To top it off, to off-set the loss of Phil behind the drums, they employed one of rock's best drummers ever, Bill Bruford. The drum duet at the end of this recording is one of the few drum solos/duets that are worth a listen. If there's only one Genesis album you buy, make it &quot;Seconds Out.&quot;
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|With the resurgance of the same formulaic horror films, there needed to be a spoof that would point out all of their errors. This is what Scary Movie is. It takes every shot possible at the genre, leaving nothing untouched. In turn, there is much that should have probably been left untouched. Sure there may have been scenes in this film that were disturbing, but most of us caught ourselves laughing at them. This is finally a spoof that does not leave someone thinking that they could have gone a little further and really made light of a movie the way that almost all Leslie Nielson films fail to do. This film has a very strong R rating, but once the film is seen, you will realize that it could not have been done properly any other way.
B00004TBWR|5.0|I will avoid a long and boring review that most people dislike. If you are a CCR fan, then you already know this is one of their finest albums. If you are a new CCR fan, then you will not be disappointed if you buy this album. I can only think of two tracks that I normally skip (hint: they are both instrumentals), otherwise the whole album is great.
B000006XSD|4.0|This is my newest Alice Cd and maybe one of the oddest in his growing collection.  I pretty much bought it based on the fact that I didn't own it and I want all of Alice's discs so...... One of the previous reviewers points out Alice's undeniable faith and I found it very interesting that he said that this album is more of a testimony than 10,000 contemporary christian albums.  Well I would not go that far but I would like to say that Alice's obvious faith in God almighty is one of the aspects of the madman that is endearing to me.  Alice is the original shockrocker who sings about the craziest things one could possibly imagine.  His stage shows are totally bizarre and I have witnessed one of them so I speak from personal experience here.  He dresses funny,  has a so-so voice, seems to brag on the fact he is a preacher's son, continues to claim he is still a wicked young man at the age of 50-something and seems more into his golf than his music.  Well, the funny thing about Alice is the fact that he is all of these things and it seems he wouldn't be so appealing to most &quot;normal people&quot; but yet he is.  Why?  Well,  he has a charm about him that is very hard to understand unless you really know his lyrics.  His style is sometimes silly and corny which makes him more loveable.  He is actually having fun with his music and he always has.  I think Alice's ways are not for everybody but it is for me.  He has taken the modest talent the Lord has given him and made the most of it.  He has made his music fun for us while being honest with his feelings.  I applaud Alice for his musical career and I would like to thank him if ever given a chance.  Maybe the reviewer below here is right and he is more of a testimony than 10,000 contemporary christian albums.  The more I think about it, he just might be right on the money.  Now Alice could turn into a praise band.............Well............maybe that just wouldn't be what he was put here for?  He touches peoples lives....just maybe.....that is what he is here to do.  God gives everyone a gift or two and maybe Alice found his many years ago.  I think he did.  Well back to the disc.  It is a little different than most of his work but it is still pretty good to say the least.  You and I is one of those songs that alot of people probably know but have no idea it is Alice Cooper.  His voice does sound rather good on this disc also.  It has a showtunes feel for a good part of it which is really weird but.........It is Alice.........never expect anything straightforward from this guy.  God bless you Alice Cooper and thanks for all the great music I have enjoyed for all too many years. ps:his early Alice Cooper Group cds are by far his best so pick em' up now!  Good evening!
B000023VR6|1.0|I can't believe the dishonesty in some of the reviews I have read concerning Dr. Dre's new album. Sure, I understand it is difficult to admit when an artist you like makes a terrible album. But the truth is that this CD sucks - big time.<br />The music is slow and lame, the raps are boring. You'd be better off skipping this one and listening to old NWA albums. This album sounds nothing like The Chronic.
6302797586|5.0|I have searched for this video since first seeing it many years ago.  It so accurately follows the book, and the casting was perfect...Anthony Hopkins was superb!  I would love to own this series, but the price is outrageous.  There are wonderful PBS series four times the length of this one that sell for far less.  Such a shame...this is a film that should be viewed by all.  It presents the absolute horror of the Holocaust and shows how totally depraved mankind can be.  I will watch to see if the price is ever lowered (by at LEAST half!)and order it as soon as it does.
6301902645|5.0|thgis is aperfect movie, bar none. period.
B00004W55E|5.0|This has to be the most awe inspiring music I&quot;ve heard.  She is a masterful talent with a style not likely ever to be duplicated.  She can do with her voice, things which can not be done with instruments.  Be careful of what you think you are hearing.  It is more than likely her voice.  I have purchased 4 copies for myself.  I can&quot;t take the chance of accidentally leaving it where I&quot;m not.  FABULOUS...
0881032565|5.0|I have just finished reading this book and was amazed by its gripping excitement. I couldn't put it down for a second. In this terrifying novel of survival, ten people, who have committed crimes untouchable by the law, are brought to an island by a mysterious person named &quot;Mr. Owen&quot;. One by one, they are killed of, according to a childish poem, Ten Little Indians, planted in each of their rooms. Once they realize that there is no way off the island, and that the murderer is one of them, the suspects are narrowed down, one by one in this outstanding mystery by Agatha Christie. You will never read anything this complex in your life!
0399150188|5.0|I began reading this book not really knowing what it was about.  As I started reading the the first twenty pages or so it was hard to see where the book was leading into.  After getting those first few chapters it really became very mysterious and fun to read.  This was a great book and easily one of my most favorite books books to read.  The title gives away what happens in the book, but you should also read the epilogue at the end to find out who the killer is.
B000002U9W|5.0|Atom Heart Mother is kind of the black sheep of the Pink Floyd catalog. Most of the band today list it as one of their least favorite works, and it was was also the end of Floyd's avante garde stage in music. The album has no regular radio freindly songs, but yet it was heavily toured in 1970 and at least 3 of the tracks have become cult classics.<br />Track 1 - Atom Heart Mother is a dense musical journey, ranging from classical, blues, and operatic, to the avante garde sound effects Pink Floyd have come to master. This was a very important song in the Floyd cannon, and in my opinion, paved the way for Echoes, Shine On, and Dark Side Of The Moon. The band composed the whole of the piece and then got Ron Geesin to do orchestrations. At 23 &amp; 1/2 minuted it's one of Floyd's longer numbers, but like most of their music improves with each listen.<br />Track 2 - If was composed by Waters. It is a simple accoustic song about &quot;If I was&quot; type situations. Good piano from Rick.<br />Track 3 - Summer '68 is the albums gem. This tune composed by Wright is not only musically complex, but great lyrically as well. Great synthesizer work from Wright on this song. This really is one of Floyd's treasures.<br />Track 4 - Fat Old Sun was composed by Gilmour and is just like it sounds. Very laid back slow accoustic strumming, and soft vocals, until about 3 quarters of the way through, when  Gilmour gives out a great solo. Live this track was much longer and in my opinion more impressive. It's worth getting a live version of this song.<br />Track 5 - Alan's Psychadelic Breakfast is avante garde at it's best, mixing sound effects with slow instrumental passages of guitars, and pianos. The track as a group composition and has only been preformed a handful of times live. Sound effects of a man going through his morning routine range from cooking, washing, drinking, eating, and more.<br />This album hold's a special place in my collection because it's the Floyd CD that mediocre fans don't get. It's not Dark Side, Wall, or Piper for that matter. It was Floyd in transition, trying to find their place in music. It gives a very private veiw of four incredibley talented musicians on the rise, who instead of writing 3 minute hit songs, decided overall concept was more important. That is why Pink Floyd have always stood apart from the pack.e fans don't get. It's not Dark Side, Wall, or Piper for that matter. It was Floyd in transition, trying to find their place in music. It gives a very private veiw of four incredibley talented musicians on the rise, who instead of writing 3 minute hit songs, decided overall concept was more important. That is why Pink Floyd have always stood apart from the pack.
B000020617|5.0|Well, I've read the reviews and I have to say that this album is NO disappointment. It may not have the same hard driving edge that The Colour and the Shape had, but it shows us a different side of Grohl, which is refreshing. &quot;Aurora&quot; is mesmerizing. I dream of the lyrics at night. Other favorites on this album are, &quot;MIA&quot;, &quot;Ain't It The Life&quot;, and &quot;Generator&quot;. Don't be fooled by those touting this as The Foo's &quot;sell out&quot; album. Definitely not. Give it a listen....you'll be glad 'ya did.
6303020089|4.0|Ok I like Harrison ford, to my mind he is one of the best actor for this kind of movie !  But the game was not won, and make a story with a fugitive is quite difficult. How can the spectator participate in this crazy story ? ... noone is free on the earth, who say that one day you will not be catch by the police and you are not the guilty? I am from france whre the death sentance is forbidden but look in USA ... So for people who are scared of this situation ... you could get some nice ideas form Harrison ford. Ok you have to be lucky, but we never know ! This movie has a real good suspense and you are often surprised ! Harrison Ford is brillant (I love his beard). Enjoy your movie !
B00000I1OY|4.0|Odd, unsettling film, based on a short story by John Cheever (from his Pulitzer Prize winning collection), about a middle aged man who swims from one end of suburban Westport, Connecticut to the other. Wearing only a snug pair of swim trunks, Ned Merrill (Burt Lancaster) swims in each of his neighbors' pools until he reaches his home which, as he tells almost everyone he encounters, has a tennis court rather than a pool. Along the way, the sky turns from blue to black (both literally and metaphorically), and he realizes his life isn't quite what he thought it was.<br /><br />Despite the presence of Lancaster, who was still in terrific shape at the time (he was 55 in 1968), Frank Perry's film was far from successful. And it isn't hard to see why--this isn't a happy tale and there's barely even a glimmer of hope or redemption at the end. Nonetheless, it's powerful and original stuff and, although you might imagine otherwise, doesn't really have much in common with the suburban melodramas of the 1950s, like \\"The Man in the Grey Flannel Suit,\\" or the suburban black comedies of the 1990s, like \\"American Beauty.\\"<br /><br />Granted, \\"The Graduate,\\" which was released only a year before, was just as cynical towards the Left Coast's version of swimming pool and cocktail culture, but that cynicism was leavened by humor and the point of view was, even more significantly, that of the young characters in the film rather than their parents. That isn't the case with \\"The Swimmer,\\" which is more like a condensed version of \\"The Great Gatsby\\" or \\"Death of a Salesman.\\" In other words, it's a fully realized character study and minor classic about the failure of the American Dream. Not to all tastes, but easily as relevant today as it was in 1968.
B00004TJKI|5.0|Anatomy of a Murder is one of the finest courtroom dramas ever filmed -- on a par with Witness for the Prosecution and Inherit the Wind. Jimmy Stewart gives one of his finest performances as a small town attorney defending an army officer who has coldbloodedly killed a man alleged to have raped his flirtatious wife. The rest of the cast is uniformly good, especially Lee Remick as the beautiful sexy wife and Ben Gazzaro as her jealous husband on trial for murder. Stewart's character is assisted by his old friend, an alcoholic former attorney convincingly played by Arthur O'Connell -- an outstanding character actor whose work, unfortunately, is often overlooked. A young George C. Scott (in one of his first films) plays a skilled and implacable prosecutor. This is movie making at its best; a true classic.
B00003OSSM|2.0|Somewhere along the way to making &quot;Random Hearts&quot;, the director sold out.  The first third of the film is great, both in plot and character development: Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas discover that their spouses were having an affair when the plane carrying the adulterers crashes.  Ford, a policeman, and Thomas, a politician, handle the revelation in different ways: his is to find out everything about the situation; hers is to ignore the adultery with the reasoning that the situation is over, permanently, so why dredge it all up?  The film begins to fall apart midway through, when Ford and Thomas grope each other in the airport parking lot.  They then embark on a misconceived affair of their own, which I presume is supposed to elicit sympathy from the viewer; I wanted to throw things at the screen for ruining any expectation of true feelings from the characters for each other.  As the plot continues, it unravels: while continuing to pursue the secret lives of the deceased spouses, Ford is shot, Thomas loses an election, and they part.  The end of the film would be wonderfully realistic had the sex scenes not occurred too early in the film: Ford meets Thomas at the airport unexpectedly, and asks her out.  She may or may not (depending on your interpretation) leave the door open for a future relationship.  Take out the groping and sex scenes, and the film would be better.  And one question no one brings up during the film: since the adulterous spouses were killed while on an airplane, why do Ford and Thomas constantly fly everywhere with no mention of fear of flying or what happened?  I don't think that in real life, people who lose loved ones to an air disaster immediately hop on the first plane they see.  Another inconsistent and troublesome plot point.
0440219078|3.0|I had to read this novel for my Pre- AP Lang. class. It was an ok book but sometimes it  was boring maybe it's because I like action. Well it's got a nice ending  anyway! Hope you will enjoy The Giver. Keep Reading - Mandi :)
B000000I0I|5.0|Why is Mike going so commercial lately?. We want more of those powerful tracks he made in the seventies. Its OK to change with the times but, what would Ommadawns part 1 be if it had been composed in 2000?. Im sure it wouldnt be kind of a Tubular Bells III. Dont you take me wrong: Ive got nothing against late Mikes recordings, but theyre becoming, in my opinion, more &quot;polite&quot; than the old 70s ones. &quot;Ommadawn part 1&quot; should come back nowadays in the form of a club anthem or something like that!!. Im sure you get what I mean: a real expression for deep feelings in XXI century, far from ephemeral, but ready to become a new classic, as Ommadawn was when first released.
B000002MFN|5.0|This is by far the best album Madonna has produced both before and since. Madonna has reached into her soul to write the music on this album and the result is astounding. If you like Madonna's music or even if you don't this is one album you MUST have!!!!!
0767802470|4.0|This is a splendid film. It is gripping and tense through out. I have only one complaint - DO NOT WATCH IT WITH A GERMAN IN THE ROOM! My other half is German and so we watched it in the original German, with English subtitles. Every two minutes &quot;That's not what he said!&quot;, &quot;That had nothing to do with what he actually said!)... and on and on. And the English language version - OH MY GOD! They seem to have been dubbed by cartoon characters!  Despite all this don't be put off - you will love this film and the above annoyances are easily ignored when you get into it.<br />Oh and one final thing - the director's commentary? Just say no.
B000026258|5.0|this cd is the best recording of music for 18 musicians. i have been continually impressed with this piece more than any other. there is nothing better than listening to this while driving across deserts, mountains and plains of america. it always amazes me for its flow. just as spiritual as robert johnson, dj john kelly, nusrat fateh ali khan and beethoven. probably the most perfect music ever. they should  send this recording on the next deep space probe. the cover art  is as inspiring as the music. about 8 years of rapture. buy it!
B00003CWL6|1.0|What was the Academy thinking? Giving so many Oscars to a film like this when so many other great films (Scream 3, Wishmaster 2 and K911) didn't even get nominated. I just don't understand.<br />The film itself is diabolical. Kevin Spacey does his best with a one-dimensional role but still manages nothing more than mediocre. Annete Benning reminded me too much of my old Principal for me to like her at all. And 2 of the 3 teenage characters were like...in there twenties.<br />The film goes nowhere and makes no point for 2 whole hours. Absolutely nothing happens and if the camera kept on rolling passed the credits I doubt anything ever would. The title is meaningless and is obviously &quot;carefully selected&quot; to make would-be audiences think that it is some kind of art movie.<br />There is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to reccommend about American Bueaty. From the lazy cineamatography to the ultra-lame and empty script. The only thing worth noting is how much Thora Birch has grown up since 1996s Alaska.<br />NEVER SEE THIS FILM FOR ANY REASON!
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have always loved the music of &quot;The Phantom of the Opera&quot; and part of that is the recording I have is with this woman's talent.  I picked this of her albums because the new variant on &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; intrigued me.  For me, she has sung new life into an abused treasure. There probably never can be a single genre to place her style in.  There are aspects of her music that are very POP and yet the classical arrangement of instrumental parts and the application of her operatic finesse create a sound of immense amazement. When she really lets her voice ring and resonate it feels to the musical-soul like a mountain forest breeze. (That may not be the best description but it's the best I can do right now.) Let me say it simply... As long as she can sing as she does, I wil buy her music.
B00004U28G|5.0|Cannonball Run is not a well-made movie, but it is a FUNNY and entertaining movie.  <br />I don't think they were trying to make Citizen Kane here. Cannonball Run is a FUN movie.  I love it because I feel like I'm in on the fun with the cast as they made it.  It's reiminiscent of the Rat Pack movies like Robin and the 7 Hoods, or Ocean's Eleven.  <br />The only downside is that the video has dubbed out the cursing and language; not that cursing makes a movie, but some of the jokes are lost and the dubbing is awkward.
0812589041|5.0|If you want an engaging, philosophical, spellbinding look into the future of warfare and psychology, look no further. This book is a masterpiece of storytelling, with a plot that is at once beautifully fantastic and shockingly real. I can imagine this happening, can you? You will, after you read this book.
B000002LFU|5.0|&quot;Green&quot; is a very bizarre album - and I mean this in the best possible way. The year is 1988 and R.E.M., for the past seven years, having being the champions and yardstick for alternative and independent music, ditch their label IRS and sign with Warner Bros. Sellout? Opinion was (and still is) divided. &quot;Green&quot; is often measured as the end of the &quot;old&quot; R.E.M. and the beginning of a new, commercialised wannabe supergroup. The album features bright, bubblegum songs such as &quot;Pop Song 89&quot;, &quot;Get Up&quot; and &quot;Stand&quot; - the last one becoming a huge hit due to its radio friendliness - something which R.E.M. had always avoided. Michael Stipe's singing has become much clearer (however this had already been underway since 1986's &quot;Lifes Rich Pageant&quot;) and, shock horror, the entire lyrics to a song (&quot;World Leader Pretend&quot;) are printed on the sleeve. Is &quot;Green&quot; the end of R.E.M. as we know it? In the humble opinion of this writer, no. Allow me to elucidate. True, the &quot;bubblegum/pop song&quot; factor IS prevalent on &quot;Green&quot;, in the songs mentioned above. However, they still have that subversive touch that is true to R.E.M. The opener, &quot;Pop Song 89&quot; lifts ideas from The Doors' &quot;Hello, I Love You&quot; and seems to be a selection of platitudes and chat-up lines. &quot;Stand&quot; seems to be an overall, life affirming song about...well, life itself and &quot;Get Up&quot; is a song about the conflict between dreaming and getting out and living life - their contradictory nature, they both &quot;complicate&quot; and &quot;complement&quot; the singer's life. True, they all seem straightforward, but you can't help notice that in all these songs, Michael Stipe may be winking at us. He could be being sarcastic or sincere - perhaps both - it is this ambiguity that IS the subversion that characterises R.E.M.'s music; and it is no less present on &quot;Green&quot; than it is on their earlier albums. The accusations of selling out to commercialism don't seem to stick. A song like &quot;Orange Crush&quot; is the ultimate R.E.M. song - a song that leaves the listener asking &quot;What the hell is this about?&quot; while at the same time leaving an impact. It is a hard hitting song; while it may not leap out at you with answers, something clicks somewhere. Other songs on the album are similar - &quot;World Leader Pretend&quot; (in my opinion one of their best songs EVER) is a mellow tale of self reflection, self awareness and, ultimately, self hatred. The fact that the lyrics are printed (even though Stipe's vocals are totally understandable anyway) is almost the singer wanting to make his point crystal clear. However, the words don't make a lot of sense when simply read - when they are FELT things become clearer; another facet of R.E.M. - passion, not simply words, make the songs easier to relate to. &quot;Green&quot; IS a bizarre album - it is also very good; their first effort on a major label, with songs that are speciously commercial but still retain the R.E.M. brilliance. Other songs are testimony to this - &quot;You Are the Everything&quot; is beautiful. It's simple combination of mandolin, bass, accordion and vocals, but the song has such a haunting quality. It's inspiring and makes you want to live life in all its beauty. &quot;The Wrong Child&quot; is difficult to listen to; it is a cacophony of relentless singing, without any real melody to speak of. However, it is heartfelt and soulful. I don't think any other rock band has done a song about a disabled child. &quot;Turn You Inside Out&quot; and &quot;Hairshirt&quot; are probably the album's lesser moments. The first is interesting - a very nasty song about power and manipulation, but is seems very restricted and doesn't really go anywhere (LOVE the opening though!) and &quot;Hairshirt&quot; is a pale imitation of the album's other acoustic tracks. &quot;I Remember California&quot; is another haunting piece, with a simple but excellent guitar riff, while the album ends, with typical R.E.M. slyness, with a nameless track. &quot;Green&quot; is not just a good album; it is a great one. It is a band who have taken another step forward; signing to a huge record company after seven years with an alternative label is guaranteed to make fans wary. However, &quot;Green&quot; passes the test; it's an album with the same touches of brilliance as &quot;Murmur&quot;. They have lost nothing of their old selves, but they have also become more mature. Let's hope history judges &quot;Green&quot; fairly.
B000002UE9|5.0|Poison was undoubltedly one of the most happenning rock acts in late 80's. Their debut album, &quot;look what the cat dragged in&quot;, was an impressive start, but with their next album, i.e , &quot;open up and say aah&quot;, their level of music matured. The single, &quot;Every rose has it's thorn is one of the most touching rock ballad's I've ever heard. &quot;Fallen Angel&quot;, is another good number.<br />Surely worth a buy !!
0440219078|5.0|&quot;I have read the book The Giver by Lois Lowry and I mustsay that it was very suspenseful!  With each chapter I read, Icouldn't put down the book.  The end of each chapter made me wonderwhat was going to happen next.  It made me stop and think about howdifferent cultures really are.  Compared to ours, Jonas' community isvery different from my town...  It makes me stop and wonder -- couldthis really happen?  It it even possible? These are questions I cannotanswer because it would ruin the story and my opinions may bedifferent than yours.  Read The Giver and find out foryourself.&quot;... <br />&quot;The Giver will grab your attention andleave you hanging to see what is going to happen in the next chapter.I did not want to put down the book at all.  Lowry builds the suspenseup at the end of each chapter.  I liked reading about Jonas' culture-- a community very different from my own.&quot;...<br />&quot;The book,The Giver is very suspenseful from the moment you pick it up to themoment you put it down. Believe me it will get your attention on thefirst page.  It's like you are really there throughout the book.  Ifyou get a chance to read it you should do so because it is a goodbook!&quot;...<br />&quot;I read The Giver in my ninth grade and someparts were high in action, mystery, and suspense.  At the end of eachchapter, Lowry leaves a cliff-hanger! Jonas is a very determined maincharacter and teaches us all something!&quot;...
B00003CWOL|5.0|Definitely the best movie of 1999, and one of my all-time favorites.  Kevin Smith is a blessing in the film industry, showing that there is hope in this Hollywood-run world.<br />Dogma, on the surface, can be offensive to Catholics and Christans everywhere.  But the satire is deep.  The audience is asked to step out of their belief system for a couple hours and reflect--what kinds of things do we think and feel each day that are directly affected by religion (or lack thereof)?  What degree of corruption can be tolerated and ignored?  <br />Kevin Smith is not telling the audience that religion is bad.  He points out the truths of our lives, which can be the most painful and offensive to the person who does not want to reflect and think intelligently about religion.<br />And to top it all off, the film is downright hilarious.  The comedy lies in jokes (sex being the primary concern for Jay, at least) but mostly in Smith's perception of the world.  As they say in imrovisational comedy, the truth is the funniest thing out there.<br />Anyone who doesn't like this film the first time around should see it again.  Chances are, with an open mind, you will realize how stupendous this movie is.
B00004Z311|5.0|LEGEND has got to be one of the most underrated films I have ever known. Unfortunately, American audiences simply do not appreciate fantasy films when they don't contain singing munchkins or Disneyfied cartoons; they shy away from European style dark-toned fairy tales. There are very few films in all of cinematic history that are as visually sumptuous as this incredible Ridley Scott film. It possesses some of the most incredible art design, for both costumes and sets, that are so complete, detailed and timeless, that you completely believe that this is a seperate and real world. Plus, the makeup effects for Darkness have got to be the closest personification to Evil/Devil you will ever witness; not to mention the fine acting (and voice) of the superb Tim Curry which brings it to horrifying life. The score by Tangerine Dream is nothing short of sublime, similar to Enigma, but without the techno-like percussion.  Although Scott does a fine job of fashioning a classic storyline about the battle between good and evil, albeit a bit cliched, you never feel like you know enough about the characters to care for them. They just plop right in from nowhere and we are to take for granted that the 2 leads are desperately in love; there simply is no backstory, and the acting by Cruise is a tad weak. The attempts at comic relief by the goblins/elves is over the top and clashes badly with the more predominant, and better working, dark tone of the film. And the bad pop song that ends the film makes you want to cringe as it is so completely anachronistic and saccharine. The film leaves an opening for a sequel, which I would love to see, given the advances in Visual FX, but only if Scott returned, with a stronger, character driven script, the same art director, and Tim Curry(a must!). However, Cruise's outrageous salary would, no doubt, prohibit it from production.  This special edition disc allows one to view the European version, which is longer (and therefore explains the plot holes and visual gaps left by the battered American release), and replaces the original score of the film, while also removing the horrid, horrid pop song everything-is-nice-again-in-paradise- upbeat-hollywood ending. The behind the scenes stuff and commentary is also very enlightening and joyful to any fan of this movie. I highly, highly recommend this film to those who enjoy fantasy, beautiful art direction/cinematography, and dark fairy tales. I'd give it 10 stars if I could, and the pristine DVD conversion with DTS sound is nothing short of absolutely phenomenal. A definite MUST HAVE in any DVD collection.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|Okay, okay. This is NOT a movie critics movie. But if you want to dissengage your brain for a couple of hours and be thoroughly entertained (see as for every other Bruckheimer film)then keep reading... To get the most out of this film you really need to A: Like cars. A lot. B: Be a fan of Nick Cage movies If this is you then what can I say, more expensive metal than your average motorshow and car chases so off the wall that they out dukes of hazard the dukes of hazard. Personally I was commented on as grinning ear to ear throughout this entire film but that may just say more about me.  Stylish and retro direction are bound to make this film an instant cult classic. The cast are generally well played, Cage is typically well cast as maybe being a little mad, Vinnie Jones is an absolute riot as the legitimate psycho and the de rigour totty (Jolie) is of serious &quot;Wouldn't you just!...&quot; calibre and can act to boot! Bonus. Okay so the plot may be weaker than cheap Dutch beer but the pace of the film more than makes up for it. I've seen it twice now and will probably wait a little while longer before buying it but if you haven't seen it - DO SO!
B00004THAY|3.0|This project was a Clapton affair from the start.  He co-produced, selected the songs, and even supervised all the cover art.  He did this, in my opinion, with the noble intention of using his less venerable but more commercially digestible name to elevate B.B. out of the blues bin and into the mainstream.  This has been tried (and done) before, but never as ambitiously or effectively as it was this time out.  When Slowhand takes the wheel on a project like this he usually drives away with a Grammy, and I don't forsee this one being any different.  Although I have some critical things to say below I do applaud Eric's intentions and, since the cd has been such a rousing success, I tip my hat to him on that point.<br />Now here's my beef with the whole thing: it could have been better.  Did I enjoy it?  You bet.  B.B. King could drop Lucille on my foot and it would sound good.  But it's certainly not the best work of either of these distinguished blues icons, not even close. You've heard of overworked and underpaid?  Try overproduced and underplayed.  When two of the best, most influential guitarists of our time get together for an hour of bluesin' you expect sparks to fly.  While there is the occasional spark, there's also way too much hot air.  It's hard to say whether this is due to the stifling over-production or the seasoned age of the participants but either way there's just too much smoke and not enough fire.  I get the impression that we're supposed to be so bowled over by the collective reputation of the two stars that we won't notice the lack of inspiration, spontaneity and originality found on other duet albums like &quot;In Session&quot; and &quot;Blues Summit&quot;.<br />My only hope is that &quot;Riding With The King&quot; will lead the uninitiated to gems like &quot;Blues On The Bayou&quot;, &quot;Live At The Regal&quot;, and the best B.B. King collaboration ever, the aforementioned &quot;Blues Summit&quot;.  It might even earn John Hiatt (who penned the title track and just about every other good song someone else is famous for) some well-deserved and long overdue recognition as well.<br />All in all I give this one 3 stars.  Good listening, but it could have been great.  Now if you'll excuse me, I need to put on &quot;Blues On The Bayou&quot; and take another ride with the King - this time, he's driving.
0671034065|4.0|The great thing about these two is the interaction between them.  Jaine and her cusswords, her love of red pick-ups, and her charging through life are a great lure to this major hunk of a policeman.  I enjoyed the beginning of their relationship with all its sniping and drooling and the plot is great.  The weirdo going after the four friends who invent the criteria for Mr. Perfect is a winner
6303567126|2.0|Please don't overrate this movie. It was so boring. Leo is a great actor yes, he was the only good thing in the movie. But the story was so sloppy and sleep-provoking. I can't believe Jim Carroll would let such a bad movie like this portray his life.
B000005RFQ|5.0|Come on, let's face it.. Not even in the good old days was Sabbath able to deliver something as heavy and great as Born Again. As much as I like Ozzy and Dio, they are no comparison to the voice of Ian Gillan. Here he sounds completely different than in his solo works or in Deep Purple albums. <br />The story goes that around 1982-83 Gillan had a tough time: his latest album didn't do as good as his albums in 70's, he had a car crash, his voice had undergone a major surgery... All in all, Gillan was on the verge of a financial disaster. That was accoridng to him the main reason of recording Born Again with Sabbath. The story also tells that it was his performance with Black Sabbath that got much attention from his former buddies in Deep Purple and somewhat motivated their reunion.<br />From the very first notes Born Again tells us that this is no Ozzy/Dio era... The first tune Trashed is as heavy as they've never got. The video released in the same year is quite powerful too. Disturbing The Priest shows another chord-tearing performance by Ian Gillan as if attempting to sing duet with Tony Iommi's guitar riffs. The band seemed to find a new direction, a new sound, and the next track Zero The Hero proves that. <br />My favorite on this album is the title song: Born Again. First slow and soft, it then roars. Keep it warm may be the weakest song, but overall the album is definitely five stars. Who said &quot;commercial&quot; means &quot;no good&quot;?
0783226063|4.0|The opening prologue to Dune, read in the film by actress Virginia Madsen (playing Princess Irulan, daughter of the Emperor Shaddam IV) could only be incomprehensible to a five-year-old, it seems quite clear to me and I've seen the film many times.  C'mon Leonard Maltin, grow a pair of ears would you?  Also, reading the novel might have helped, given that Dune is only based upon one of the greatest SF novels of the 20th Century.  The film's still not that dense, it would have been much more confusing if they had actually stuck to the novel anyway more slavishly, which would have been impossible.  To Leonard Maltin, I say, as Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen, with fury in my voice, &quot;the righteous!!?&quot;  If only the righteous could read.
B000002H97|5.0|Possibly one of the best metal albums of the 90's. It is also Metallica's last good studio album.
0783226063|4.0|The opening prologue to Dune, read in the film by actress Virginia Madsen (playing Princess Irulan, daughter of the Emperor Shaddam IV) could only be incomprehensible to a five-year-old, it seems quite clear to me and I've seen the film many times.  C'mon Leonard Maltin, grow a pair of ears would you?  Also, reading the novel might have helped, given that Dune is only based upon one of the greatest SF novels of the 20th Century.  The film's still not that dense, it would have been much more confusing if they had actually stuck to the novel anyway more slavishly, which would have been impossible.  To Leonard Maltin, I say, as Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen, with fury in my voice, &quot;the righteous!!?&quot;  If only the righteous could read.
6304602979|5.0|Tarantino has written this movie and he do a perfect job.  Clarence, a young man (Christian Slater, who is talking to Elvis) and Alabama, a callgirl (Patricia Arquette) are getting married. After Clarence kills Alabamas boss and take the wrong bag (with drugs), the mafia are chasing them. Much more I wont  tell. But there is a lot of action, love, blood and a very explosive showdown. Slater and Arquette are playing very good but I find the little roles of Dennis Hopper (Clarence father) who get shoot by Christopher Walken (the mafia boss), Brad Pitt  (a friend of a friend from Clarence) who is stoned by all the time when you see him and Gary Oldman (Alabamas boss), very cool too. And Tarantino like there is much violence. The shootout at the end (where cops and the mafia are shooting each other) is very brutal but perfect directed.
B00004U9MS|5.0|this album comes as a huge surprise. out of a sea of overrated british exports, each lauded as the next thing, this may well actually be the next thing. as is so often the case with anything good these days, coldplay's sound is not wholly original. however their influences and their own ingredients are spun together in ways that frequently achieve the status of beautiful. the singer has a real voice, clear and full of honesty, somewhere among jeff buckley, nick drake and art garfunkel. the first few tracks are outstanding, but when you get to 'yellow' you may well feel like just playing it over and over and louder and louder.
B00001U03Q|5.0|Well, I suppose if you listen to the critics, Eric Clapton hasn't put out anything good since the 70s.  I'm here to tell you, however, that this album definitely silences those critics.<br />Yes, the big solo hits from Clapton since '85 are here . . . his &quot;unplugged&quot; version of &quot;Layla&quot;, the Grammy-winning homage to his son, &quot;Tears in Heaven&quot;, and another Grammy-winner, &quot;Change the World&quot;.<br />What really makes this collection great though, is the inclusion of songs like &quot;Forever Man&quot; and &quot;She's Waiting&quot; from the &quot;Behind the Sun&quot; album . . . &quot;It's In The Way That You Use It&quot; from the &quot;Color of Money&quot; soundtrack . . . &quot;Pretending&quot; and &quot;Bad Love&quot; from &quot;Journeyman&quot; . . . and the awe-inspiring &quot;River of Tears&quot; from &quot;Pilgrim&quot;.<br />This album also contains two new EC entries--&quot;Blue Eyes Blue&quot;, one of the few shining moments from the awful movie &quot;Runaway Bride&quot;, and, &quot;I Get Lost&quot;, from the &quot;Story of Us&quot; soundtrack.  Both are excellent tracks, which show that Clapton has no signs of slowing down in his career.<br />It would have been nice to hear songs included like &quot;I've Got a Rock and Roll Heart&quot;, &quot;Run&quot;, or &quot;Circus&quot; . . . still, this album is a testimony to the songwriting, guitar, and vocal prowess that Clapton still has after all these years.
B00002Z88D|2.0|&quot;The Call of Ktulu&quot; was great, but the rest of the album just plain sucks
0767803434|5.0|At the surface, this movie could easily be dismissed as another mindless, violent product of modern Hollywood.  A deeper look, however, reveals a well-written and highly unique motion picture.<br />Harrison Ford is great as the President--strong, but compassionate, and not afraid to stand up for what he believes in, including backing up what he says with force if necessary.<br />Granted, you have to look past some stretches of credibility in the script; then again, any truly great action/adventure movie stretches the imagination of the viewer. <br />This film offers up an impressive volley of hidden plot twists, which will keep you guessing throughout the entire movie.  Just when you think that everything is okay for Ford and the good guys, another event happens that places them in peril.  This flick doesn't let up on the action until the very final moment of the movie.<br />Speaking of the action, the special effects are very impressive, and easily compare to some of the best ever put on film.<br />This is a great movie that will get your blood pumping, and you'll find yourself cheering out loud for the good guys.
B000000132|5.0|\\"Turn of the Cards\\" is my favorite Renaissance album, although as I listen to them all in order I am struck by how it also perhaps the most atypical example of their progressive (nee classical) rock.  Taken as a whole these songs are relatively unadorned.  \\"I Think of You\\" is a relatively simple piece, ending with one of those wonderful high notes by Annie Haslam followed by some nice harpsicord work by John Tout.  Likewise \\"Black Flame\\" begins with the simple elegance of an acoustic guitar (a reminder that the forthcoming \\"Unplugged\\" Renaissance album is not really breaking new ground for the group).<br />Of the two set pieces, \\"Running Hard\\" is most decidedly in this simpler vain, which has the overall effect of better showcasing Haslam's glorious voice.  The other showpiece, \\"Mother Russia,\\" shows that the group was paying attention to Russian dissidents (the song is dedicated to Alexander Solzhenitsyn) as much as they were Russian classical musicians and offers an emphasis on percussion quite usual for a Renaissance song in the driving conclusion.  Again, Haslam's voice soars over and above, as well as through, the rhythmic progression of the music as proves that she does not need to be singing actual words to contribute to the beauty of a song.<br />Perhaps it is insightful to recall that in terms of Michael Dunsford's music, \\"Turn of the Cards\\" is the album that proceeds his most ambitious project, the Scheherazade cantanta.  Whatever the reason, this is the Renaissance album that best showcases the vocal talents of singer Annie Haslam.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|This is  really a nice one, one of the must buys! The best album I ever listened to.
0553106635|5.0|The is the best installment so far by George R. R. Martin. GRRM has brought realism and unpredictability to his books in a way that will grab you and keep you from cover to cover. This new novel is no exception. Good things happenand bad things happen as well as the things that you least expect to happen. you will love the &quot;bad&quot; and at times hate the &quot;good&quot;. There are no clean lines.<br />Each character is unique and has his/her own merits, motives and story. The world is rich in detail, the scenes are gritty and real, and the impact can be haunting. you will giggle, you may even cry, and you will cheer for and yell. Prepare to be pulled in and engrossed.<br />If you read one fantasy novel this year, go into Song of Ice and Fire. Excellent work George.
031286504X|5.0|It's refreshing to see a &quot;vampire novel&quot; that isn't populated by the dandified, aristocratic undead of the Bram Stoker - Anne Rice vein. In &quot;I am Legend&quot; the bloodsuckers are either 1) wholly mindless and driven by bloodlust; or (2) calculating, mechanical schemers bent on a new world order. Thanks to Hollywood (see Interview with a Vampire, The Hunger, any Hammer or Universal Dracula movie), the vampire has become something of a priss: They live in castles, are fabulously wealthy, wear tuxedos, etc. &quot;I am Legend&quot; sucks the life out of those images and replaces it with something insidiously vile and monstrous. While I was reading this book, especially the last two chapters, I felt like Matheson was trying to invoke the terror and warped idealogy of Nazi Germany. Anyone agree?
B00004X01U|4.0|I buy each Madonna album with such anticipation, wondering what she has been up to! 'Music' is no different and I approached the purchase almost hesitantly after the release of the single 'Music' which I felt was not up to her usual best. The album took a couple of listens before it started to show any promise - usually a good sign. But wow, has it been worth it. Probably not as good an album as 'Ray of Light', but nonetheless an album that is showing the test of time. There are three distinct sounds on the album - the dance songs are great, in particular 'Runaway Lover' should be a Number 1. 'Amazing' on first listen was too much like 'Beautiful Stranger', but several listens later stands on its own merits as a great song. The more electronic songs are brooding and despite the passe vocoder are good. Some of the lyrics are cringeable but they usually are on madonna's albums! Altogether the album is one of her better ones and deserves to be bought in large numbers. Favourite song so far is 'Paradise' - definitely a new avanue for the Material Girl and almost trippy. Well done.
B000003TA4|3.0|Okay I'm just gonna disprove a couple of myths:<br />1. &quot;Nirvana invented grunge.&quot;<br />NO NO NO NO NO!  Nirvana did not invent grunge!  All they did was take the guitar-heavy sound of the Pixies (who completely SUCKED!  by the way) and made it more accessible and poppy so Pauly Shore and the MTV crowd would dig it. Kurt woulda told you hisself that &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; was a ripoff of &quot;Gouge Away&quot;.<br />2. Mr. Cobain was a &quot;spokesman for our generation&quot;.<br />Ummm... no. I'm sorry but I just can't understand what everyone saw in his lyrics. Could somebody PLEASE tell me what I'm obviously missing here, because I don't understand what's so great about his lyrical ability at all:<br />&quot;She's overboard and self-assured and all in all a dirty word.&quot;?  &quot;We can plant a house. We can build a tree.&quot;?  &quot;He's the one who likes all our pretty songs, and he likes to sing along, and he likes to shoot his gun but he don't know what it means.&quot;? <br />Okay, I guess I can find some feelings of alienation or disillusion in the lines &quot;Take your time, hurry up, the choice is yours, don't be late.&quot; but that's it. What do you guys think?<br />So why did I give this album 3 stars instaed of 1?  Easy, the  guitars and drums on this album are awesome. Forget the lyrics and listen to the melodies. Bang your head in a real dumb Motley Crue-esque way when &quot;Breed&quot; comes on. And great production too.
0783246641|4.0|Although I preferred the book, the movie did a great job presenting the main character.  This film works on many different levels, leaving the less intelligent audience dumbfounded.  If you possess above average intelligence you are apt to enjoy this film.<br />It takes a heavy subject and delivers it with alarming impact and humor.  But then again I've always enjoyed a good laugh at the expense of others.<br />If you have limited life experience and own a well worn copy of any Jim Carey film you're probably best off avoiding this one!<br />For me this is a MUST HAVE video for my collection.  I'll put it on display right next to my copy of &quot;The Reflecting Skin&quot;, another often misunderstood film.
0140386335|5.0|Okay, Okay I know Harry Potter is all the rage these days.  I also read the first Harry Potter book and definitly enjoyed it.  However, it is nowhere near the caliber of The Neverending Story.  If you are an adult and enjoy children's stories then read this book!<br />We are introduced to a sad and lonely boy named Bastian who escapes from his reality by reading.  While running away from some bullies he happens into a book shop, where he steals a book that isn't very ordinary.  From there the lines of reality and fanasty start to merge as Bastian can't help feeling that he is somehow part of the story.  <br />As a reader I also felt pulled into the story and found myself feeling attached to both Bastian and his better half Atreyu.  This book does what a book is suppose to do...it makes you feel as though anything is possible.
B00000253N|5.0|By then, Bob had gotten a lot of his political messages outthere and I like to think that he stopped and pondered after anotherdivorce, perhaps thinking &quot;..., it hurts to lose a love.  Let'sdo a record that revolves around that thought.&quot; And the albumflows beautifully, song into song, with some particularly touchingnumbers, such as &quot;Simple Twist of Fate&quot; and &quot;If You SeeHer, Say Hello&quot;.  &quot;Tangled Up In Blue&quot; is one that'sI've marveled at- the way the whole story is written and comestogether has always amazed me.  From the wonderfully angry &quot;IdiotWind&quot; to the Christ-imagery of &quot;Shelter From The Storm&quot;the masterpiece is a must-have for pretty much anyone who likes music.My Dad has the vinyl and I did some listening, bought the cd, and thisis the album that really got me interested in the guy who is myabsolute favorite artist.
0316286443|5.0|Once again, Kevyn Aucoin astonishes us with his cosmetic artistry.  I  bought Making Faces last year and it has been a staple of my beauty routine since.  Face Forward reads easy and is filled to the brim with beautiful photography of some of the most influential women of our time including Madonna, Winona Ryder, Cher and Gwyneth Paltrow.  He also transforms their already gorgeous faces to reflect the personal style and image of some of the greatest screen legends of all time like Audrey Hepburn, Faye Dunaway and Liz Taylor.  If for nothing else, view this book for the beautiful artistry and photography...you'll love it!
B000002L9Y|4.0|A ridiculously successful comeback album, &quot;TITN&quot; cemented FM's status as one of pop music's most popular bands. It marks Lindsey's last stand with the group, but his role in FM had become quite prominent, to the point of overshadowing Stevie, wo gets the lead vocals on three tracks only. With Lindsey's sharp-edged guitar lines, Mick's minimalist drumming, and the extensive use of synthesisers, this may be the quintet's coolest and most streamlined record. Still, the album's forte lies in its impressive string of hit singles - 5 or 6 out of 12 songs were available as singles and made the charts on both sides of the Atlantic. &quot;Seven wonders&quot;, &quot;Everywhere&quot;, and &quot;Little lies&quot; bring a blend of haunting melancholy with straightfoward, danceable rhythms and impeccable vocals. &quot;Little lies&quot; is one of my favorite songs from the '80s, it has a strange undercurrent which make the song very mysterious and catchy. &quot;Big love&quot;, &quot;Family man&quot;, and the notably more rocky &quot;Isn't it midnight&quot; are solid cuts, too. Unfortunately, for every good song on this disc there's a so-so or even awful equivalent. The Eastern-tinged &quot;Caroline&quot; and the title track are so disjointed and unmemorable that it's difficult to work out what's going on. &quot;Mystified&quot; and the awkwardly titled &quot;You and I, part II&quot; are very simple and lightweight. OK, the singles alone make &quot;TITN&quot; a worthwhile purchase. However, when I want to listen to a well-balanced and consistent FM album, I usually choose &quot;Rumours&quot;, &quot;Mirage&quot;, or &quot;Behind the mask&quot;.
0780624890|5.0|This film retains only the core elements of the Blade who first appeared in Marvel Comic's \\"The Tomb of Dracula,\\" and shows the influence of the Buffy the Vampire Slayer/Martial Arts approach to killing the undead.  The opening sequence, a vampire infested rave at which sprinklers shower the crowd and their unsuspecting prey with blood at which the hero makes a quick and violent entrance is probably the best scene in the film.  Wesley Snipes takes the title role seriously, and on that score does better than all the Batman we've had in recent years.  The ending screams franchise, so we shall see.  The DVD Extras are worth the additional star, what with four featurettes (including an alternative ending), commentary by basically everyone (except the director), and other goodies. If you want to see this movie for the first time-or you want to check it out again-DVD is definitely the way to go.
B000002H70|5.0|I have never in my life heard such fantastic yet such simple guitar riffs in my life.  This is thee album that I mimic my guitar playing from.  I think I've done the air guitar to the intro of Plainsong over 1000 times in my life.  I can't even explain the power in these tracks, the mood is so perfectly set you really have to hear it for yourself.  The layering of sounds incorporated on each song is amazing.  It's just simple riffs layered over each other that creates such a treat for the ear.  Only Robert Smith can do that so well.  Trust me &quot;Disintegration&quot; is worth every cent.
B00003CXGG|4.0|The movie is good but it is almost the replica of the &quot;MATRIX&quot;. But still a must watch movie.
0061020710|5.0|The first book in the discworld series introduced for me into a whole new, wiered, strange, ironic but delightfull world. <br />The whole story is more or less about the worlds first Tourist, a lazy magician and a chest made out of Magic Pear wood (it also has a 4 legs and a mind of it's own).<br />The whole story sets off in a furious tempo when the main characters flees from a huge fire raging in the city of Ankh Mopork. This is the star of an adventure that lasts for 2 books. <br />Terry Practhet's debut could not be better. This is one of my &quot;recommended&quot; books, In all Ages. It must be read, sooner or later.
0060920432|4.0|Csikszentmihalyi's work came to me at a good point in my life. As a father and a husband, I tended to be self-absorbed and uncooperative around the house, viewing daily household chores as a &quot;waste of time&quot;. Optimal experience helped me view even small, necessary tasks like these as challenges. By playing with the variables involved in simple chores like washing laundry - by giving myself time constraints, challenging myself to complete what seemed to be a daunting task, or simply focusing on and taking joy in progressive cleanliness - I kept my mind engaged, and greatly reduced my frustration. My house has been much more liveable ever since.<br />What I took from the book in practical terms, however, was mostly self-invention. The book is short on practical techniques. The survey of Asian mind-control techniques is very interesting, but leaves little for the average person to use.<br />There's also a lot to question here from a philosophy of life standpoint. One has to wonder where the line is between enjoying life and tolerating servitude. For decades, Marx, Marcuse and various Socialist thinkers have decried the capitalist system as an industrial tangle where monotonous mass production replaces craftsmanship. Csikszentmihalyi's theories, as framed, seem to be a perfect doctrine to keep people locked in mindless drudgery. Where does optimal experience end and oppression begin? The tale of the assembly-line worker looking to become a technician helps ameliorate this issue, but no clear answer is given.<br />In all, Csikszentmihalyi doesn't seem concerned with these questions - he focuses too sharply on humans as psychological subjects, and takes the current architecture of industrial civilization for granted. Still, I applaud Csikszentmihalyi for giving a name - and the beginnings of a psychological theory - for something we all experience, but often can't identify.
0441003257|5.0|The most WEIRED book I've read over a loooong period of time. It has it all. You won't only read this book once, mostlikely 2 or 3 times. <br />Enjoy it!
B000001GBJ|5.0|After reading all the reviews ,I found those that didn't anything good to say about &quot;SONGS FROM A &quot;SECRET GARDEN&quot; need instructions on how to RELAX! I love ENYA and when I found  SECRET GARDEN,I knew I had found the same type of beautiful relaxing music! You can't compare the two,you have to listen to&quot; SECRET GARDEN &quot; as though you have never heard of ENYA!! I love &quot;SECRET GARDEN&quot; for their own relaxing qualities!!!!!
6303942830|1.0|I just saw the movie &quot;The Last Of The Mohicans&quot; and am quite angry with it.  When it begins by letting the viewer know it is based on the book by the same name, it is an extreme understatement.  Sure, they have the same cast of characters with the same professions as in the book and the two forts and basic premise of one Huron Indian, Magua, wanting revenge is the same.  But that is it.  Not only do they make up a love interest between Hawkeye and Cora that didn't exist but they  kill off the wrong people.  And Chingachgook and Uncas are in no way close to the greatness they were in the book.  The movie is way too simplistic and cheap, and an insult to the viewer.  Since they made up most of the story, why even bother to call it &quot;The Last Of The Mohicans&quot;?  Even a skeleton is more like its owner than this movie is of the book.  If you enjoyed it for the nature scenes, then just take a nice walk in the forest -- you'll get a pleasant sense of smell added over the movie.  They should have just given it a different title, for which I might give the movie 2 1/2 stars.  I implore those of you who love the movie to read the book.  It's difficult reading, but for someone who has just begun reading nontechnical books for the first time in twenty years, I can easily understand why it's a literary classic.
0441172717|5.0|...and beat them up.  You just won't be able to look at them the same way any more.  Dune is just that kind of novel.<br />As you may already know, Dune is the story of Paul Atreides, the young son of a Duke in the far future.  The world that Frank Herbert creates is lush, imaginative, and oftentimes genuinely alien to ours.  Though this book can be taken as a straight-out story of a young Messianic figure who wins over a corrupt Emperor and a vile Baron, that would be silly.  Paul is a very human character, as are most of the others you get to meet in Dune.  This is where the book really shines, and where David Lynch's movie really failed.  The lovingly detailed political factions and ways represented within Dune are fascinating to read about, and you'll come away wanting more.<br />Of course, this is provided in ample measure, and any reading of Dune should be followed with a reading of Dune Messiah, which is less of a sequel and more of a continuation necessary to understand the character of Paul.<br />Dune is a book about ideas--including the morality and politics of a messiah figure.  It's not a book you should go into looking for another adventure story, and not one you should come out of without at least having a different perspective to look on philosophical and sociological issues from.  It's not a marvel of storytelling (not that it's bad), but it does just make you wonder.<br />Pick up Dune.  If you like it, you have plenty to follow it up with.  If you don't, it's only a few bucks out the window.
078597783X|5.0|This is truely a bible for anglophones attempting to learn French - particularly for those of us that had/have the bounty of studying in a francophone country. Never again be in doubt about how to conjugate the verb &quot;etre&quot; in the vous form in the past subjunctive. Look it up in the easy to use Becherelle and in five seconds, voila! You've got the answer. By using your Becherelle to write those long &quot;dissertations&quot; or other assignments, you slowly will become a master of French conjugation. Take it from one who knows.
B00000JCOV|3.0|I've had Slipknot's cd for a while now, I used to absolutely love it,  now I'm sick of it and I'm trying to figure out what everybody thinks is soooo great about it, it's very hard, that's about it. I'll just stick with Tool as the best band in the world.
6305648522|5.0|Not to often is one drawn to the likes of a foreign film, at least very few of us are willing to view one based on little or no media exposure.  This film, made in 1990,  offers a rare opportunity for one to take a chance on a film that has had little exposure since it's release ( I actually find it hard to believe that there is no existing review).  The story line is strong with much depth and  humor while maintaining a level of drama that satisfies a variety of tastes.  It revolves around a Cinema in the middle of a small Italian town.  More specifically the movie tells the story of a young child who's passion is to spend his life in the cinema and the old man that runs the reel.  As the story progresses their lives become more entwined as they find that each has become more significant in their daily life.  The old man, with a hard edge,  reluctantly allows the child to find the soft side while the child, without realizing until the end, has bonded with one that has become the closest thing to a Father.   In addition to the memorable supporting characters and the outstanding scenery the film makes for a enjoyable experience on multiple levels leaving one in both tears and a sense of fulfilment.  This film will satisfy many tastes and will long stand as a favorite of the foreign film genre.  Don't pass it up!
6305807086|5.0|the title of my review says it all. i know the characters are somewhat unlikable, but isn't that how life is sometimes? their circumstances are obviously surreal, but their reactions are totally believable. this movie has magic. i wish i could see it again for the first time... carter burwell's themes are some of the most beautiful pieces of movie music i've heard in a long time... the direction is perfectly unobtrusive (that's actually good sometimes!) The whole thing reminds me of one of my favorite director's work: terry gilliam... see it. see it twice. buy it, if you must. it's a portal to another dimension... hang on!
B00003CXGG|5.0|&quot; Romeo must die &quot; is a fabulous movie , it's direction and the story line up is just great !!!!!!. i would recommend all action movie fan to definitely watch it,  it's not worth missing.  Jet Li was WOW !!!
0788811355|2.0|In the sitcom &quot;Sienfeld,&quot; the character Elaine goes to watch &quot;The English Patient&quot; and finds it incredibly dull and boring. When she says she doesn't like the film, she is looked at in shock and dismay, and her boss even threatens to fire her if she doesn't see it again.  Much like Elaine, I find that many people consider this to be the greatest movie, and I found it to be the absolutly most forgettable Oscar winner in history. The fact that this defeated &quot;Fargo&quot; (probably the greatest, smartest and most intriguing movie of the 1990s) is beyond me.  Supporters of the movie claim that if you don't like this movie, then you just like simple Hollywood fluff. Wrong! I get tired of the same old Hollywood drivel too, and The English Patient is no different than any other of this stuff. Simpily put, there is no there there. For me to get into the characters, they either have to be likeable or at least interesting. The English Patient had neither. Putting aside the moral implications of their romance (it would be one thing if the husband was cruel to the wife, but he wasn't) there was absolutly no chemistry between the two. No chemistry equals no emotional attachment to the characters, and instead of bawling my eyes out at the end (which I probably would have if they were better characters) I just sat on my hands. Binoche is interesting although the side romance was more of a distraction than a complient to the plot. The issue of euthansia was glossed over and done without any thought or reprocussions. It just had to be the most empty, nonexistant movie in recent memory. On the plus side the cinematography was impressive and the score was decent. But this could not hold a candle to &quot;Fargo&quot;...even the similarly overrated &quot;Titanic&quot; deserved the Oscar more than the English Patient, and at least &quot;Titanic&quot; was not forgetable like this. So I'll decide to watch &quot;Sack Lunch&quot; instead, thank you very much. Now arethe people really small or is it just a really big sack....
6302878527|5.0|This is one of my favourite movies of all time, perhaps THE favourite! Audrey looks just gorgeous (as always) and Albert Finney is very good, too. If you're a film freak, go out and buy this!
0553470485|1.0|Warning! E.B. White's narration of his own charming novel is horrid! The truth dawned on me when, as I listened to the author's introduction, he said &quot;I will read it to you now&quot; in a most flat, monotone voice. I didn't yawn with boredom through the first chapter, I screamed! (I don't think I made it through Chapter Two.) Caveat emptor.<br />It doesn't even deserve one star; Amazon's reviewer form wouldn't let me submit this with no stars.
B000002TLX|5.0|Richard Marx stands a class apart in the world of rock.&quot;Greatest Hits&quot;, is a fabulous collection of beautiful ballads,a must buy.
B000000H57|5.0|Hands down my favorite CD and certainly Type O's best work yet.  The lyrics are from the heart and grabbed me on a personal level.  I don't think you can go wrong picking this one up, even if your not into the gothic scene, but it caters to more sophisticated audience with the capacity to engage in abstract thought.  I would put this disc right up there with Pink Floyd's The Wall, Led Zep IV and Van Halen I.  In my opinion this is Type O Negative at their best, hard, heavy hitting and straight from deepest darkest and lightest recesses of the psyche.<br />Finally -- Buy this one and give it a real chance, I promise that you won't regret it.
0783235453|5.0|I have to say that I literally just saw Amistad.  One of the best stroy tellers, Spielberg tells yet another story of freedom after exploring the topic in Shindler's List and Saving Private Ryan.  This time he explore freedom in the pre-civil war period. I noticed that several reviewers felt he over simplified slavery and this portion of history.  If anything, all this did was help focus attention on freedom and the plight of the slaves featured in the movie.  Spielberg forgoes a lot of the special effects (ie: Saving Private Ryan) and instead focuses on a tight script that is delivered superbly by the actors.  Djimon Hounsou  delivers an incredibly emotional performance with stunning close ups of his face that convey emoition without saying a word.     Anythony Hopkin's portrays a very deep, reflective, complex character of John Qunicy Adams.  He delivers phenomenal speeches including lines such as, &quot;If a civil war is to come, then let it come.  And may it be the last battle of the American Revolution.&quot;  That battle continues today, but the movie tells the story of how freedom can be won and that freedom is what America is all about.  The question is, how does the story end because the story of freedom and the fight against slavery continues even today.  <br />Great movie - one of the best I've seen in some time.
6304277210|4.0|I'm an adult taking conventional piano lessons, and while this is no substitute, it's also a booster pack for my playing.  In fact, I'm not sure why most piano lessons aren't structured more like this video.  I learned a lot of useful things quickly. I wish I'd seen it earlier in my studies.
B000002UV9|5.0|Critics may say what they like, that this or some other album was better than each other in a streak of very good albums by this band (punctuated in their later years by one or two bad ones....) but this album was, to me, not just this groups best, but one of the best of the overdone genre of art-rock progressivish kind of hard rock/metal that was the late eighties and the early nineties. It was really a shame that Nirvana-- who played powerfully (but just played.... without really knowing how to do it) and the like came and knocked these fellow Seattle guys out of the musical scene.... They could play almost virtuoistically.... and at the same time..... put forward progressive, political lyrics.... <br />It's funny to think that guys in tight leather pants and makeup think....
6300183483|5.0|This is probably the best science fiction film other than the &quot;Star Wars&quot; and &quot;Star Trek&quot; films. Its mixture of a sci-fi action and fantasy-like happenings makes it a masterpiece. Let's face it. Who else could've come up with the idea of a youn man playing a game, breaking the record, and then being taken to a place where the game's fiction is reality? It was an original idea. The game was actually a sort of training system, used to find someone with the talent to use a real spacecraft. Nick Castle is a great director. Lance Guest (who was also in &quot;Jaws: The Revenge&quot;) is a talented actor. The plot, the storyline, and Craig Safan's score, make this a film that is suredly a big hit with the fans of cult science fiction epics. They should make a sequel. The sequel would make a good amount of money. I guarantee it.
0553573403|5.0|I have read &quot;The Hobbit&quot; and &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; 5 times in my 40 years, and am among those who consider it the benchmark of this genre.  I had searched for Tolkien's successor for many years as I read many other Fantasy novels, and believe that I have found him in George R. R. Martin.  I consider &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; the best fantasy novel I have read apart from Tolkien's masterpiece, and am anxiously awaiting turning the first page of Volume 2 in the series, which I have just received....
079213690X|5.0|This film proves a point: Mel Gibson can also DIRECT a film. Following in the footsteps of Leonard Nimoy (&quot;Star Trek III: The Search For Spock&quot;, &quot;Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home,&quot; &quot;Three Men And A Baby&quot;), Clint Eastwood (&quot;Unforgiven,&quot; &quot;Space Cowboys&quot;), and Kevin Costner (the hit &quot;Dances With Wolves,&quot; and the clunker &quot;The Postman&quot;), Gibson is another actor who can direct a film that wins several Oscars (This film won 5, including Best Picture- 1995). This film deserved them all! Great acting, dramatic music from Oscar winner James Horner, and some of the most accurate, if not the most extremely graphic, battle scenes ever committed to the big screen. Gibson's first time playing a hero, instead on an anti-hero, like in the &quot;Mad Max,&quot; and &quot;Lethal Weapon&quot; movies, makes it his second best performance (&quot;The Patriot&quot; being the best). This film will be remebered as making war films popular again (this movie grossed $77 Million). Bravo, Mel! Grade: A+
B00004Y548|4.0|The two extra tracks are worth it.  Obvious parallels can be drawn to bands like Travis, but I think this album can stand on its own.
0671034065|5.0|This laugh-out-loud book has it all. Suspense, humor and romance.  Jaine Bright and 3 of her friends make a list of the qualities they feel Mr. Perfect should have. When this list becomes public, they are horrified. However, they soon decide to make the most of it and hope their star status will soon fade. Little do they know they are putting themselves right into the hands of someone who takes great offense at their list. This is the suspense part!<br />As for the humor and romance, meet Jaine's neighbor, Sam Donovan. The banter between Sam and Jaine is funny and yet touching. <br />This was an excellent book and could be the start of a great new series!
B00003CWNR|2.0|I liked &quot;Cider House&quot; OK when I first saw it, but it certainly wasn't the instant classic the movie ads were screeching about.  It also didn't age well with me.  Within minutes of leaving the theatre, I was bothered by awkward moments that didn't fit, or by the over-cuteness of those gosh-darn-adorable little orphans.  Problem is, the movie's not about those adorable orphans, or the equally adorable and interesting Doctor played by Michael Caine, but about a far less interesting story and place, complete with a glamour shot of Charlize Theron's all-over tanned backside.<br />This was just not a great movie.  It's a completely adequate one, and an enjoyable couple of hours.  But there's nothing all that deep or interesting about it, save for a quietly wonderful performance by Caine that I actually think seems better than it is, simply because the rest of the movie is so curiously bland.<br />Sure it offers cute orphans, sexy Charlize Theron, and some sticky ethical issues deep in all the candy coating. But for the first time director Lasse Hallstrom fell flat for me.  The movie looks like a gooey Hallmark car with a not-so-sweet center.<br />And while Tobey Maguire is simply terrific with a part that would have seemed bland in any other hands, the fact is that he's hopelessly mismatched with Theron, who looks at least ten years older -- and hopelessly glamorous -- when set next to this sweet cracker kid.  Theron is beautiful but she is utterly unconvincing as a &quot;simple lobsterman's daughter&quot; and seems to belong in a completely different movie.  Even her wardrobe is the kind of overglamorous stuff Marilyn Monroe would have loved.  (How many lobsters does Dad catch, anyway?)<br />I love John Irving's books, and loved the novel this is based on, but I think this whole &quot;Summer of 42&quot; angle for the film hurt it.  And because I couldn't seriously see this gorgeous movie-idol woman choosing too-young-to-shave Maguire (and the romance itself is clunky and sparkless in its depiction), the whole movie didn't stand up well, and went downhill fast after.<br />I was also really unhappy that a film this mediocre would be chosen as a nominee for Best Picture (but again, Miramax knows how to spend those &quot;for your consideration&quot; ad dollars).  When measured against wonderful films of last year which should have been nominated for the Best Picture spot instead, such as &quot;Magnolia,&quot; or &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley,&quot; or even &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; -- &quot;Cider House&quot; is already being recognized as overpraised and hopelessly outclassed.  (I actually couldn't help but wonder if some of these other ecstatic customer reviews actually came from the PR machine at Miramax.)<br />Unless you loved the book, don't spend the bucks, but wait to catch it for free on cable.  You'll probably be more forgiving.s clunky and sparkless in its depiction), the whole movie didn't stand up well, and went downhill fast after.<br />I was also really unhappy that a film this mediocre would be chosen as a nominee for Best Picture (but again, Miramax knows how to spend those &quot;for your consideration&quot; ad dollars).  When measured against wonderful films of last year which should have been nominated for the Best Picture spot instead, such as &quot;Magnolia,&quot; or &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley,&quot; or even &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; -- &quot;Cider House&quot; is already being recognized as overpraised and hopelessly outclassed.  (I actually couldn't help but wonder if some of these other ecstatic customer reviews actually came from the PR machine at Miramax.)<br />Unless you loved the book, don't spend the bucks, but wait to catch it for free on cable.  You'll probably be more forgiving.
B000002NAK|3.0|I am shocked that so many peoplke actually gave this soundtrack such a high rating. Is it because Madonna is on it?<br />Well, it is about time that we finally expose Andrew Lloyd Webber for what he is. A composer of bad music. Most of his musicals are really bad compositions which managed to hide under a plethora of stunning visual effects and fantastic costumes with a passable storyline. For example, Cats. With one memorable song, &quot;Memory&quot;....the rest? Let's say the cat costumes were probably why anybody saw that musical.<br />So, how about EVITA? This sprawling soundtrack is two part good music and three parts filler. Most of the song are bad..... just awful. Dumb lyrics (she wanna be a Buenos Aires big apple, they called me a whore!, I want to be rainbow high) backed by dumb melodies, like &quot;The Actress hasn't Learn the Line You'd Like to Here&quot;, it is like it something you made up as you go along.<br />Some of the song really makes me cringe, &quot;And the Money Kept Rolling In&quot; by Antonio Banderas, ANY SONG by Jimmy Nail, yeesh! <br />The only good part of it is Madonna. Even though &quot;Don't Cry For Me Argentina&quot; is a well known song already, Madonna actually made this song her own. &quot;Buenos Aires&quot;, &quot;Another Suitcase In Another Hall&quot;, &quot;I'd Be Surprisingly Good For You&quot;, &quot;You Must Love Me&quot;....in fact, any song in which Madonna have sole (or almost sole) vocals are this soundtrack's highlights.<br />I know a lot of people will give me a negative vote on my review. But let us see this soundtrack for what it really is. So let's stop pretending the emperor have any clothes on. Most of the music sucks. The only highlight is Madonna's vocals.
B00003CXFV|4.0|Erin Brockovich is such a wonderful movie, I really didn't find myself caring too much that it wasn't all that suprising.  But while the story may be more than a little predictable for anyone who's ever seen, well, anything -- it's also a pretty great movie, is terrifically directed by Soderbergh, and is fueled by a wonderful, sassy, and complex performance by Julia Roberts.  The DVD is a must, and offers some great extras as narrated by Soderbergh, as well as interviews with the real Brockovich, and a look at an alternate (and completely factual) storyline which was ultimately edited out from the film, and which shows that, for once, Hollywood actually toned DOWN the real events for their translation to film.<br />My favorite things about &quot;Brockovich&quot; were the little touches -- the realistic look at the life of a struggling single mother who's this close to screaming in frustration, the wonderful supporting characters, and the way the wardrobe really seemed to provide Roberts with a completely new character than any other we've seen her play.  Erin is loud, sassy, foul-mouthed, impatient, and rude.  She's also a heck of a lot smarter and more compassionate than she lets on, and takes us on a great ride.  Albert Finney is also equally wonderful as Erin's surprisingly caring boss -- there's a priceless scene where she gets him to let his hair down and do a little screaming, and Finney is just wonderful in it.<br />Erin Brockovich is a great movie, a movie that redefines what the phrase crowd-pleaser is really supposed to mean.  Sure, &quot;A Civil Action,&quot; (which details a remarkably similar story) may be more pretentious, more &quot;serious,&quot; even more surprising -- but I'd take a dozen Erin Brockoviches over &quot;Civil Action&quot; any day.
B000003S09|4.0|A good starting point, but in the end a flawed masterpiece. KC successfully pair Moody Blues type, mellotron heavy balladry with experimental jazz rock. Michael Giles was an excellent drummer and Ian MacDonald the secret weapon as multi-instrumentalist. Fripp's guitar is still growing and a little too low in the mix (you can hear his parts clearer on the live Epitaph box ). Greg Lake, though not my fave KC singer was alright for this music. Side one is about as perfect as it gets but the rest is marred by the noodly &quot;Moonchild&quot;, better heard in it's edited version on the Frame By Frame box. It recovers with the strong title track as it's ending. After hearing what the group was doing live at this point, it's safe to say that the selection of material could have better.KC also sound like they are holding back a little in the studio, something that is not true of their more interesting concert work.  They were probably saving some gems for the follow up that this line-up never really got to make.
B00003CWTI|5.0|&quot;I do have love,&quot; says William H. Macy in a moment of bitterness that is both heartbreaking and funny.  &quot;I have so much love to give. I could love someone.&quot;<br />Meet &quot;Magnolia.&quot;  For anyone who ever had a dark day, or who sang along when the song &quot;One&quot; came on the radio, have I got a movie for you.<br />I didn't see this movie right away -- it looked so dark and bitter in the previews.  There's a time and a place for those deep dark depressing movies, so I saved it for video.  Stupid me.  I wish I'd caught it on the big screen as it deserved.  As it is, I bought this deluxe DVD version within literal hours of viewing it on video, just to own it forever.<br />This is the best film I've seen in years -- I'm still deciding if it's my favorite of all time.  &quot;Magnolia&quot; has everything -- humor and pathos, high drama that scales almost operatic heights, and sweet ironic light touches of sweetness that will stay with me forever.  It's definitely got its dark moments, but is ultimately about parents and children, about love even when you think you don't deserve it -- and, most of all, about forgiveness.  It's a gorgeous piece of work.<br />I can understand to some extent those who didn't like the film --in reading other reviews here, it looks as if some people didn't understand what was really behind the Cruise character, for instance.  Sure, he's repellent.  Which makes it all the more powerful (and uncomfortable) to see the person behind the jerky &quot;Seduce and Destroy&quot; guru, to see the horrific events that shaped him into the person that he is.  The things that happened to his character shattered him into someone other than the person he was supposed to become.  But even for him there is hope for redemption, as the film points out.<br />What's wonderful about Magnolia is the way Anderson takes everything a step further.  We see what Cruise's character becomes.  We see everything we should hate about him.  And then we see that all of this is just a facade, and that there's a good person still capable of tears locked away behind that mask.  It's incredibly powerful, and yes, Cruise was robbed of that Oscar.  (Sorry, I love Michael Caine, but really... which role was the greater stretch??)<br />Yes, there are some not so nice people in this film, but as with &quot;American Beauty,&quot; there's an overall sense of compassion and forgiveness to &quot;Magnolia,&quot; as if an unseen eye really wants all these people to find happiness and a moment of grace.  And for every character in the dark there's another in the light -- characters like the incredible Philip Seymour Hoffman's quiet caregiver, or Reilly's sweetly optimistic cop.<br />Overall, these people aren't really bad so much as desperate, convinced that they're damned, unloved, unworthy.  Throw all these characters together, along with some moments of quiet awareness and mythical whimsy, and &quot;Magnolia&quot; is a gorgeous movie. It's also one of those rare films whose music isn't just a canned drum track, but which instead actually is completely integral to what we see onscreen.  The wonderful songs by Aimee Mann become almost another character in the film, the voice of their hidden hopes and fears.  This is most poignantly illustrated in the final moments of the film, as well as in another absolutely strange, absolutely amazing scene that I won't even begin to spoil for you.  You'll know it when you see it.<br />There are so many good performances in &quot;Magnolia&quot; that I can't possibly single everyone out, but these include Julianne Moore, Melinda Dillon, William H. Macy, Jason Robards, Hoffman, Cruise, Reilly -- many more.  And a special mention has to go to Melora Walters, who in the end provides the story's surprising but all-too-real damaged, hopeful heart.  The changing expressions on her face at the film's end, combined with the perfect musical accompaniment in Aimee Mann's &quot;Save Me,&quot; providedme with one of the most perfect movie moments I've ever experienced.<br />Highly recommended.me with one of the most perfect movie moments I've ever experienced. <br />Highly recommended.
052594527X|5.0|T. Chevalier's book Girl with a Pearl Earring is one of the most beautifully written books on what a deep and intimate experiance it is for a person to be  a witness and participant in the creation of great art. As readers we are drawn into the world of the painters household through the eyes of a young maid who is witness of and protogonist in the creation of one of the most beautiful paintings ever painted. We have the benefit of bonding with the painter and his world from a very intimate point of view witnessing the very process of creation.
0553106635|5.0|I have been so bowled over by this book - and its two predecessors - that I can scarcely find the words to describe them.  Yes, they are dark and grim, but also filled with fascinating characters and a gripping story.  I can hardly wait for the next one - and it has been years since I've felt that way about any novel in this genre.  George R.R. Martin has set new standards for fantasy novels - and any other type of fiction, for that matter.
0440219078|3.0|Personally, I didn't really care for &quot;The Giver&quot;. Yes, it is a good book, with a good plot, but what spoiled the book for me was the way the characters acted. When I read a book, I like to have more than one character be three-demensional. As I read this book, I grew increasingly fustrated at the behavior of the other characters actions. The only characters that seemed to have any remote form of demension were The Giver and Jonas. In my opinion, if the other characters that were mentioned on a regular basis, perhaps the book would have been more enjoyable to me. However since that was not the case, I cannot find too much that I enjoyed from this book.
1558807381|3.0|Legend is a classic tale of good versus evil.  Tim Curry is simply amazing as the Devil, who is determined to cast the world in darkness by capturing the last unicorn's horn.  Jack (Cruise) and Lily are young lovers who are completely unaware of the evil that is around them.  When Lily is captured as well, Jack must rescue her with the help of the magical creatures in the forest.<br />Cruise does pretty well in his role, but I think the focus should really be on Curry.  The makeup is incredible, complete with red skin, huge horns, and hoofed feet.   <br />If you enjoy a classic fairy tale, Legend should definitely be on your list.
B00004THAY|5.0|I've always thought that Eric Clapton's best albums were the blues ones -- and adding another guitar master like B.B.King makes this simply excellent!
079073804X|5.0|Don't watch this if you have ever felt capable of experiencing a nervous breakdown.  The DVD version is especially realistic.    For those who are light hearted or don't take the subject matter seriously, it will still make your head spin. &quot;The Exorcist&quot; touches parts of the psyche that challenge religious faith, and make mental stamina a very personal issue.  I once knew a young buckaroo in college (6' 8&quot;, 270 lbs.) who aspired to be a professional football player.  A few weeks after witnessing this movie, he went camping with some friends, including a buddy who had also seen the film.  The second lad was a serious weight lifter, built like a mack truck, and considered a real stud muffin in his day.  The &quot;Eight Man&quot; tent was filled to capacity (with mostly ladies) so the dynamic duo volunteered to sleep under the stars.  But they couldn't sleep a wink thinking about the (then) unknown twelve year old actress whose performance literally elevated her to fame.  Every little noise in the woods created a full blown panic that these macho men desperately tried to conceal.  As dawn approached, the men finally dozed off only to hear the light pitter patter of foot steps above their heads.  Upon opening their eyes, they discovered (to their great relief) a family of moose.  One of the men was shaken beyond belief, and has never been able to work for the past 25 years. His beautiful wife eventually filed for divorce.  This true life example illustrates the dramatic impact &quot;The Exorcist&quot; can have on certain fragile personalities.
0515123447|5.0|I started with &quot;Running Blind,&quot; Lee Child's third book, and finished it off in record time to jump back online to see what else Lee Child had written.  The hero, Jack Reacher, was a military brat growing up, a military career man until the army downsized, and then became a drifter by choice.  He's a one-man swat team correcting injustice as it finds him.  In &quot;Killing Floor&quot; he just happens to get off the bus near the intersection of a small town in Georgia and after wandering on foot into the town of Margrave he is immediately arrested for a brutal murder which he obviously did not commit.  He digs his way through several mysteries at one time including the identity of the murdered man.  The suspense never lets up; there is a girl (a cop) that he loves but leaves with good romance and dialogue throughout.  The only problem I had with the hero is that he arrives without any luggage and only occasionaly needs to buy a new outfit of clothes as he thows away what he has on at the time.  He gives new meaning to traveling light.  I'm going to quit writing now and start reading the next book...&quot;Die Trying&quot; I hope to see more of Jack Reacher after I have caught up with the next two.
B00004T8RK|4.0|I have had Binaural for around 4 months and it has taken me this long to write a review. This is one hell of a complex and diverse album. Kicking off with Breakerfall, we hear a complete rip-off of I Can See For Miles by The Who. Although it is a decent song, the riff is just too similar to be considered a PJ classic. God's Dice is OK but nothing special. Evacuation is a strange beast - originally I HATED this song, but it grew on me and is fun to play on the guitar. I'll say one thing - it is the most unique song they have written to date. Light Years is a ripper with great lyrics which leads into Nothing As It Seems, which is a moody song best listened to on overcast days. After this gloom, Thin Air is one of the few &quot;sunny&quot; songs on the album, but the Bridge performance of it was much better. Then Binaural's two best songs. Insignificance is hands-down Eddie's best song he has ever written. The lyrical and musical content of this song is so powerful and from the solo to the end, an apocolyptic sense of doom come over the listener. Of The Girl is superb with a distorted McCready playing in fits and starts and Stone and Eddie laying down some tasty acoustic licks. Greivance is OK (again, live on Letterman was MUCH better) and Rival is an interesting Stone song. Sleight of Hand deserves commendations for Eddie's lyrics on working life and interesting bass and tempo. Soon Forget is a nice little humourous song about the meaning of money, and Parting Ways in just Long Road in another key. All up this is a very interesting effort, but not their most original album. What is bad about the album is the much vaunted &quot;Binaural&quot; recording technique which lends the album a very murky feel. This album is closest in spirit to Vitalogy - for better and worse.
B000002AH9|5.0|Wow, this is heavy, slash-your-wrist music! There is not one fast-tempo song to be found here.  Like others who've heard this CD, I find this to be powerful stuff.  One word of advice: this CD takes getting used to because you need to be objective and listen to Billie's performance from an emotional standpoint.  At this point in her career (1958), Billie was way past her prime and was nearing death.  Needless to say, her voice was not in the best condition, TECHNICALLY.  But EMOTIONALLY, she is right there as she pours her heart out in these 12 songs, delivered DEVASTATINGLY.  My favorite one of the bunch is &quot;You've Changed&quot;, but &quot;End of a Love Affair&quot; runs a very close second.  Sony-Columbia is to be congratulated for their wonderful job of restoring the sound quality of this 40+ year recording.  And they add some out-takes and rare glimpses of Billie rehearsing to the mix.  Don't be surprised to find yourself crying as the songs and Billie's unforgettable performance unfold on your CD player.  To those who have suffered the pains of a broken heart, this one is for you.  And Billie will be right there with you....
B00003CXGG|5.0|IT WAS STARRY EXPERIENCE TO SEE JET LI FIGHT LIKE A JET-POWERED FIGHTER.SUERLY JOHN WOO CAN GIVE EXTRAORDINARY FIGHT SEQUENCES. HE WAS TERRIFIC.
B000002AH9|5.0|Wow, this is heavy, slash-your-wrist music! There is not one fast-tempo song to be found here.  Like others who've heard this CD, I find this to be powerful stuff.  One word of advice: this CD takes getting used to because you need to be objective and listen to Billie's performance from an emotional standpoint.  At this point in her career (1958), Billie was way past her prime and was nearing death.  Needless to say, her voice was not in the best condition technically.  But EMOTIONALLY, she is right there as she pours her heart out in these 12 songs, delivered DEVASTATINGLY.  My favorite one of the bunch is &quot;You've Changed&quot;, but &quot;End of a Love Affair&quot; runs a very close second.  Sony-Columbia is to be congratulated for their wonderful job of restoring the sound quality of this 40+ year recording.  And they add some out-takes and rare glimpses of Billie rehearsing to the mix.  Don't be surprised to find yourself crying as the songs and Billie's unforgettable performance unfold on your CD player.  To those who have suffered the pains of a broken heart, this one is for you.  And Billie will be right there with you....
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is an Awesome Cd. If you like &quot;Here With me&quot;. You  will love this CD. If you want a cool Cd. This is the one to get. You won't be sorry.
B00003CXIP|5.0|Excellent movie!  Has to be River Phoenix's finest.
B0000214F2|4.0|This is a movie for anyone who has broken out of the box of convention, is in the process of doing so, or dreams about the possibilty.  For me, it is the story of a nearly broken spirit who finds his calling burried in the depths of his pain.  Iconoclastic, he brightens his light (and his vision)as he holds true to his essence, refusing to be pulled back into the trap of convention, conformity and mediocrity that so dampen the human spirit.  Patch Adams is a contemporary tale of the heroic journey, the journey every soul longs to make and so few do.  The central theme is simply of a man who wants to help others (through medicine) and finds his own quirky way of doing so... and sticks to it in the face of fear and opposition.  It is a Love story that even has a little romance, not to mention a good dose of humor.<br />While this movie is uplifting, an inspiring gem that dazzles in the light of the human spirit, it may be upsetting for those who feel comfortable within the trap of conformity.  Good!  It may loosen the foundation that yields lives of &quot;quiet desparation,&quot; as Thoreau wrote so many years ago.  Imagine someone who wasn't afraid of himself or anyone else, someone who meets people where they are, who truly cares and wants to help, who holds everyone as able, and who is willing to speak his mind and follow his heart.  Imagine what it would be to have someone like that in our lives.  This is Patch Adams.<br />Perhaps there are cinematic quibbles one could make.  Perhaps the movie makers took license in the telling of a true story. None of this is important.  The importance is a message of freedom, empowerment and love.  A message about the strength of the human spirit told with humor and gentless.   <br />There are few movies I'd watch a second time, far fewer I'd purchase.  This is one of them.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Toghter John Woo and Tom Cruise make a good action movie with just about no plot to confuse you like the first may have. There is no real villian to like or hate, because the only people he seems to be threating is rich guys who you dont care dies or not. The action on the other hand is very good though. My only complaint with it is John Woo used way to much of the slow motion camera styles. This Mission Impossible fails badly in comparsion to the first in plot. But is a ahead in action and was willing to trade one for the other.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This was the best film of 1999, even thoughh 'Being John Malkovich' is equally good and in some ways better, I can't really choose.<br />1999 was a very good year for movies, lots of brilliant and fresh films coming out from some brave new directors. Too bad 2000 isn't shaping up as good, let's just hope it gets better.<br />I think that it is a great shame that the DVD version does not offer the alternate ending. This 'alternate ending' was completely different and is said to hold the best bits of Conrad Hall's brilliant cinematography. There must be a strong reason why they didn't keep it, but the viewer must decide which version to see. A special edition double-sided disk with both versions of the film would be nice!
0790729342|5.0|Max wanders across the windswept desert of post-nuclear Australia with no sense of purpose until he comes across a community who possess a valuable commodity - fuel.<br />The only problem is that this community is under siege by a band of apocalyptic barbarians, led by the savage Lord Humungus. This masked warmonger tries using violent persuasion to make the community submit their fuel reserves, with no success. At first Max wants nothing to do with the conflict raging between the two tribes. Later he agrees to a plan that will get the community away from the savages and on to a better place. This sets the story for one of the best action movies ever made.<br />It's ironic that the conflict over the fuel mirrors the conflict over that &quot;black liquid&quot; that led to nuclear war. Greed is one of our deadliest traits. <br />There's no question that this film created a hoarde of inferior imitations - &quot;Warlords of the 21st Century&quot; (the plot is an exact clone of &quot;Road Warrior&quot;), &quot;Def Con-4&quot;, &quot;Warriors of the Apocalypse&quot;, &quot;Warriors of the Wasteland&quot;. There's also a computer game called &quot;Outland&quot;, which is set in Australia 108 years after a nuclear war. In that game you travel in a black car like Max's and fight barbarians chasing you with motorcycles, guns and crossbows. There's even people flying in those gyrocoptors like the one seen in &quot;Road Warrior&quot;.<br />This film makes you realize how low survivors really would sink after the ultimate war. It sure would be a desperate time to live. With a film like &quot;Road Warrior&quot; it's much more fun to be an observer than a participant.
B000002ADT|5.0|The best praise ever written for Kind Of Blue was by author Eric Nisenson who wrote:<br />&quot;I am certain this piece of music will still be listened to on the day the sun implodes.&quot;<br />Dwee dop!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|That's a mighty powerful statement, but it is, it truly is.  London Calling is quite simply the best album ever.  A stunning and brilliant tour de force that is endlessly listenable.  The amazing thing about the record is just how many musical styles The Clash embrace. Eclectic, powerful, angry, eloquent, bleak, exciting, entertaining, and so much more.  I could go on but why bother wasting your time, just go listen to it.
0790749998|4.0|If there's a Romeo, there must be a Juliet, and this Oakland-set bone-crusher deals with two warring gang families (one African-American, one Chinese) whose straight-and-narrow offspring want no part of the inevitable mayhem. Martial arts star Li's English-language starring debut has toned down the brutality to fashion a movie of slightly broader appeal. OK but overelaborate and overlong. Directorial debut for renowned cinematographer Bartkowiak. Panavision.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This was the best film of 1999, even thoughh 'Being John Malkovich' is equally good and in some ways better, I can't really choose.<br />1999 was a very good year for movies, lots of brilliant and fresh films coming out from some brave new directors. Too bad 2000 isn't shaping up as good, let's just hope it gets better.<br />I think that it is a great shame that the DVD version does not offer the alternate ending. This 'alternate ending' was completely different and is said to hold the best bits of Conrad Hall's brilliant cinematography. There must be a strong reason why they didn't keep it, but the viewer must decide which version to see. A special edition double-sided disk with both versions of the film would be nice!
B00004RJ74|2.0|This is not really a movie. It's just two stories put together with no link at all. It has very little to remember, other than Salma Hayek dancing in that wonderful bikini. Without her, I would have rated it with only one star.<br />It's not a good comedy, nor a terror story, the characters have no appeal, everything is too predictable, the script is crap, the acting is not good either, etc, etc.<br />If it not were for Salma....
0465068359|5.0|The atrocities committed by the Japanese in Nanjing during WWII are some of the most gruesome and heinous in the annals of world history. Despite the incredible level of cruelty and the hundreds of thousands of deaths that were incurred, the events are rarely discussed in any detail in most history text books in the States- and have had practically no exposure in the Japanese educational curriculum (as opposed to the Germans, who by law must teach about the holocaust).<br />In `The Rape of Nanking' Iris Chang has done a fine job of bringing the `other holocaust' to light. Well written and fully documented, Chang tells us the story of the rape of Nanjing from three different perspectives; the victims, the Japanese soldiers who committed the crimes, and the handful of western ex-patriots who tried desperately to help the oppressed by providing medical help and protection (ironically, one of the most valiant in this respect was John Rabe, the head of the Nazi Party in Nanjing).<br />This book goes a long way in explaining the chilly relations between China and Japan that still persist (as a resident of Shanghai, I can safely say that the Japanese are still thoroughly loathed here for what happened during the war). Chang also explains how the US was complicious in underplaying the whole affair for the sake of normalizing relations with Japan after the war (and even covering for members of the royal family who were involved in the whole affair but exempt from prosecution).<br />I thought Chang did a great job in explaining how the Imperial government of Japan had spent years dehumanizing its soldiers and creating an environment where these kinds of atrocities were bound to occur.<br />The book may be a bit biased (I haven't read much history that wasn't) but I think that Chang has done an important service in opening up this subject to wider public discussion and scrutiny.<br />Though the book may be a bit grisly for the faint hearted- it is nevertheless an important read for anyone interested in modern history or sociology.d for anyone interested in modern history or sociology.
B00003CXGG|5.0|A thrill to watch such an action packed movie.A real time treat for jet li fans.I just love the cool action packed stuff.
B000006O7C|5.0|I recently had the honor of attending a Jeff Buckley Fan Tribute(Seattle,WA-EMP) hosted my Jeff's brilliant mother,Mary.  It was a night I will never forgot.  I have played &quot;Grace&quot; so many time, I am surprised it the has not melted in my cd player.  I put off buying &quot;Sketches&quot; for many reasons.  But after the tribute I finally bought it and I am truly addicted to this cd and also his live albums.  The song,&quot;Morning Theft&quot; leaves me speechless.  Ah,yes, what could have been...Thank god for Mary who continues to supply us fans with Jeff's great work.  At the tribute she suggested to tell everyone out there to sign-up for mailing list on the Jeff Buckley website ...--more attention,more people--could possible lead the record company to release more of his work.
0446525537|4.0|I picked up this book and read it about a year ago because for the past 20 years, I've owned my own business and unknowingly got caught up in being a workaholic...taking no time to do the enjoyable, stress-relieving things I like to do. I promised myself I would start spending 1/2 an hour daily on myself by reading a novel. I set out for the bookstore in search for a stress-relieving, calming, heart comforting, enjoyable book.....AND I FOUND THIS ONE and hoped that when I finished it, that it was as rewarding as it seemed. Well--it was better than that........it's a wonderful book.......It's an honest walk through life with characters that we have all grown up with, went to school with, and have even worked with. Pick this book up and read it---it will not disappoint you.
B00003CXGG|4.0|the quick brown fox jumps over the blazy littlwe dog
B00003XB8K|5.0|It was very hard to wait for 3 years but after these years passed and enigma4 was released i was so excited that i am going to hear my favourite group again.This album unlike 2nd and 3rd is more similar to the first album. I was expecting that that it will be like 2nd and 3rd, although i was disappointed because i like cross of changes and le roi est mort vive le roi more, but tracks like &quot;traces&quot;,&quot;push the limits&quot; and &quot;endless quest and camera obscura&quot; were great. I don't know why cretu tried to made it like the first album but still it is a great album.I hope that the next 3 years passes without any dificulty so i could hear another great album from enigma.
0671042858|5.0|I recently read Stephen King's book The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon.  This is the first book that I have ever read by Stephen King, and I feel that it was an excellent way to become accustomed to his literary style.  King's experience as a proficient writer shines through in this work.  The novel basically has one character throughout the entire read, and the whole story is told through this character's eyes.  I think it is quite an accomplishment for a successful male writer to be able to pull writing about the world through the eyes of a frightened little girl. The story flows and does an excellent job of keeping the reader caught up in the plight of this little girl lost in the woods alone.  The imagery in the book is so real, you can feel and see the wasps, swamp, and forest closing in on the main character, Trisha McFarland.  The suspense does not let up for one moment through the entire read, and therefore you never want to put the book down.  I also, really liked the way that King leaves the &quot;monster&quot; in the story completely up to the reader's interpretation.  You keep wondering if the monster is real of a figment of Trisha's imagination.  Then finally at the end, the style is such that you really can't tell whether or not it was there at all.  I definitely would recommend this book to anyone, and have!
0140340203|5.0|Forget everything you thought you know about witches. Roald Dahl's book, The Witches, is a fantastic tale of a young boy who comes to realize that the seemingly normal women of the R.S.P.C.C. (Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children) are in fact, plotting the destruction of every child in the world. The narrator discovers that hiding underneath their nice clothing and ordinary appearance is a bald head, blue teeth, a scary face and no toes. This is all too familiar for the narrator because his cigar smokinh grandmother has told him of these creepy characters before. As the seven year old narrator hides behind a shade, he hears the witches plot to turn every child into a mouse because witches hate children. To a witch a child smells like extremely foul. When his cover is blown, the witches turn him into a mouse.  Dahl take you on his wild and dangerous hunt for an antidote to turn himself back into a little boy. Dahl's imagination and incredible ability to tell a story are what makes this book a fabulous tale. Dahl grabs you on the first page and doesn't let you go.
0312117337|5.0|These images are stirring to the masculine and feminine mind because they are both beautiful and powerful. The issue is how to use them for practical advice in real life. Tarot, like the I Ching, taps your subconscious for insights. The greater self already knows what it wants. These methods are for getting the messages through to your conscious mind.<br />There are many variations of Tarot available including the 52-card poker deck. Osho Zen Tarot with 78 cards combines superb images of east and west with powerful commentary. It is the most exciting and compelling of the decks I've seen. When I saw it I wanted it. When I brought it home I used it.<br />The book that accompanies the cards shows several simple layouts and how to interpret them. You ask your question, draw your cards, and reflect. The images are of nature, people, and eastern and western symbols. The commentaries in the book address the imagery and Zen principle for each card. Examples can be viewed at: http..... under &quot;ZenTarot&quot;.
B000000WCA|5.0|I was not very sure about getting this album. However, I bought this album on the last day of my very first paying job and it was worth the money. :-) &quot;Spice&quot; is my fav album of all time. The songs are really poppy and energetic. It is a great album to get you in the feel good mood. My favorite songs are &quot;Wannabe&quot;,&quot;Who Do You Think You Are&quot;, &quot;Last Time Lover&quot;,etc.
B00004WKII|3.0|I, like many Hendrix fans, was really looking forward to this set.  And if you're a really big fan, you already have the import Polygram releases of Isle of Wight, In the West, and Band of Gypsies.  When you trim away the re-release material, alternate takes that sound nearly identitcal, there is maybe 2 cds worth of gems.  And gems they are!!!<br />As usual, the Hendrix family serves up the bare minimum instead of going the extra mile, which would be deal with the reissuing of albums like In the West correctly and not pawn them off, again, in a box set that had huge potential.
B000001EHS|5.0|Its a classical earpiece.<br />Just superb.
B000002J27|5.0|I wholly agree with the sentiment of a previous reviewer who, as a long-time Gabriel-era Genesis fan, find - ironically - this first post-Gabriel album to be among my favorites.  I also agree that it's a perfect album for the un-initiated to first appreciate the finest efforts of the band.  I would only rate one track, &quot;Robbery, Assault and Battery&quot; as a bit weak - perhaps it comes across this way in contrast to so much other strong stuff. <br />&quot;Trick&quot; in my view, is a stunning achievement that is so good, and so head and shoulders above most of what everyone else has done in the rock world since, that it amounts to an apogee that the band itself could not live up to later (interesting for those like me who prefer the Gabriel-era Genesis to find that the band actually peaked after he left). Although some of the later Collins-era albums have their moments, the history of the band following &quot;Trick&quot; was really a steady downward artistic spiral.  They may have gotten rich with the later stuff, but they really went down a blind alley which led them nowhere. What makes this all the more poignant for me is that I saw Genesis in concert in '78, when they were still performing much of &quot;Trick&quot; live.  To see their stage version of &quot;Dance on a Volcano,&quot; &quot;Ripples,&quot; and &quot;Los Endos&quot; was a powerful soul-grabbing experience not to be forgotten.  If only they could have maintained this quality of work....       <br />I completely recommend this CD, not just because you won't find any later Genesis albums that come close to its standard, but also because you are unlikely to encounter a more inspired masterpiece from anyone.
B00003CXE7|5.0|We all know the Ridley Scott Sci-fi epics from Alien to Blade Runner. Now he goes back in time to create the most incredible vision of Rome ever to be put on film. The film achieved the most unique and spectacular fight scenes ever to be put on film. Russell gives a Performance that should establish him among the best. The script is pure and poetic. Aided by a huge supporting cast including Richard Harris and the late Oliver Reed. The Han Zimmer Score is thunderous and alive aided by the Beautiful voice of Lisa Gerald. Not perfect but almost, this movie is the kind The Academy drools over.
B0000009SM|5.0|All of the tunes on this recording are featured throughout the Zappa cosmology.  Buy the recordings of live performances, and you'll find &quot;Florentine Pogen,&quot; &quot;Andy,&quot; &quot;San Ber'dino,&quot; all of these songs, recorded and re-worked over and over by a succession of FZ/Mothers lineups.  I do not necessarily recommend this as a first FZ purchase; there's none of the easily accessible rocking music and totally comical lyrics that tend to hook the skeptical yet susceptible listening public.  This recording is a bit more complicated, musically, conceptually, and poetically (lyrics-wise).  This album is more for fans who are expanding their FZ collections after becoming hooked.  If you're buying this, I also recommend you splurge and get the Rykodisk Au20 20-bit digital master.
B00004WKII|5.0|Not much I can add to what's been said.  I think it's a great set with interesting new versions of classics as well as some unreleased tunes.<br />For those analog lovers, do pick up the vinyl release.  Eight 180-gram records, each enclosed in a paper/plastic sleeve and great color picture sleeves.  Not to mention the oversized booklet.
B00003CXDG|2.0|When I saw the trailer to this movie it looked awesome. When I saw the movie I swear I heard snoring. Tom Cruise's acting is almost goofy. The film made me laugh but I don't think it was supposed to be funny. Everyone gets beat up by Cruise? How bout no. Story was dull and lame. Steals a line from Last of the Mochicans. I enjoyed the last 20 minutes. And what's with everyone using a mask? Chessy, corny, and dumb. John Woo made a major dodo of a film here.
B000035Z3K|4.0|The first 20 minutes of this film are brilliant. Purely brilliant. Nothing can compare with the sense of gothic horror and mystery the viewer experiences during the journey to Dracula's castle, and our interview with the first vampire. I watched the beginning in a dark room, just after the sun had set and the lands about my house were shrouded in darkness. It's an experience I'll never forget. As I have said twice before, pure and simple brilliance, and nothing less. Unfortunately for the expectant viewer, the film begins to slowly slid after the first 20 minutes. A real shame, since, if the entire film had been as excellent as the first 20 minutes, this would indeed be a timeless classic. The movie is worth viewing, if only for the first part. The price of the film is worth that alone.<br />The DVD itself is wonderful. It comes with three different versions of the movie: one the original, the next with a new (but horrible) score, and the last with a completely different Spanish version of the film which is longer and, in some people's opinion, much better. I'll comment on the Spanish version since it seems to be a pretty popular one: I personally didn't like it very much. The detail is better, as is the quality, but the actors really killed the movie. Who can compare with Lugosi?  The actors are simply terrible. Even the beginning scenes can't save the film. Still, it's interesting to see, in spite of the poor actors. The extras included on the DVD are OK. The documentary is pretty lame, and I've heard better commentaries before (such as &quot;The Wolf Man&quot;.) Still interesting for those vampire fanatics out there.<br />All in all, I would definitely purchase it. No matter how bad most of the movie might be, it's still a horror classic, and the beginning anyone could like. Buy it for that.
B000035P80|5.0|This 1965 film broke the mold of what previously constituted a &quot;rock documentary&quot;;and would hold that distinction for 5 years-until the Maysles Brothers' 1970 &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; upped the ante a few notches. To this day,the &quot;warts and all&quot; approach of &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; outclasses most of the corporate MTV Info-mercials-Posing-As-Rockumentaries that clutter arthouses. Even a casual fan like myself (&quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; and &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; being the only two Dylan albums I find consistently listenable)cannot help but be awed by how confident and cognizant the young Dylan (barely into his 20's) appears to be in this movie. D.A. Pennebaker was certainly in the right place at the right time (and given access to the Right Guy!) to capture a pivotal and seminal moment in modern music history. One sublime scene of irony that no veteran comedy writer could have scripted so perfectly: Dylan's acerbic manager Albert Grossman kicks the snobby London hotel manager out after he complains other guests are upset over the &quot;ruckus&quot; in Dylan's suite (Yeah, could you please tell Joan Baez, Donovan and Bob Dylan to quit playing those noisy guitars and singing-I have to get up early!). Priceless.
630575067X|5.0|Phantom Menace was a terrific film for young and old Star Wars.  There is lots of action, suspense and fun in it.  It may run long but it doesn't let up to entertain.  The podrace scene is one of the best action scenes ever to be made and Darth Maul is a menacing foe in a huge finale.  Yoda was never better as a little grump either.
6305358613|1.0|Hardly.  Shekhar Kapur has taken a personality that has fascinated historians and writers since the 16th century, and turned it into an mush that portrays Elizabeth I as weak, vacillating, and completely dependent on her counselors for guidance.<br />That is not to say there is not good in this film -- Cate Blanchett gives a compelling performance despite a highly flawed script, well worth the Oscar nomination she received.  Geoffrey Rush as Francis Walsingham is cold, calculating, and absolutely determined to pursue the path he feels is best for England and his queen without a thought to the consequences for those around him.<br />Other actors do not fair so well, however.  Joseph Fiennes, so endearing in &quot;Shakespeare in Love,&quot; is wooden and plodding here as Robert Dudley, the man Elizabeth loves.  Richard Attenborough is poorly served with his role as William Cecil, and summarily dismissed from the action halfway through the picture.<br />You never learn your history from Hollywood, and I do not expect any production to be absolutely historically accurate, but when a director and writer willfully throw easily checked historical facts to the wind -- the bishop shown rebelling against Elizabeth in the climax of the film had died some 12 years previously, before Elizabeth even came to the throne! -- and then brag about how much detail and research has been included...well, let's just say they are being somewhat disingenuous.<br />&quot;The Virgin Queen&quot; with Bette Davis as Elizabeth and Joan Collins as a Maid of Honor is just about as accurate as this film -- and a lot more entertaining in the long run!
B00004T9UH|5.0|This is a must have cd for all of you witch don't have!
B000003N7G|5.0|I listened to this every day when I was a teenager (~1970) -- it pretty much defined my life. I left it behind somewhere in my mid twenties, then bought it again 15 years later. Then I threw it away.<br />But I'm sitting here listening to it again.<br />The problem with most music, except a lot of Indian classical music, is that it pulls me badly into its trip. If it's good it really affects my life for a long time. A Love Supreme is beautiful and painful and above all big. It takes over. It is like a drug with strong side effects. It is more like meth than mushrooms. I love it but it really really hurts.<br />Be careful.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|Ok we have all seen the heavy metal bands of this millenium (korn,limpbizkit,Powerman5000,Staind,Taproot,etc...)They are nothing like these Iowans who show what heavy metal music should be like. Slipknot brings Clockwork Orange arrange of matching outfits with Music that makes you wanna break things with a bat. This album is better than any album I have ever listened to. I highly recommend purchasing it, there is nothing like it.
B00003CXGG|3.0|if there is a romeo there must be a juliet.movie has a lot of action. the ployb could have been better
B000002OX3|4.0|The 1960s was when the self-contained rock band first became the norm. Bands that wrote their own songs and played their own instruments were still uncommon, but it was quite clear that there was more talent coming from the musicians themselves than the producers creating a &quot;sound&quot; for them. The Who wasn't exactly a group of this kind, relying mostly on Pete Townshend's prodigious talent for songwriting. But with a lucrative royalty deal put under their noses, the other members of the Who couldn't resist grabbing on to it, and tried their best to become songwriters on their second album A QUICK ONE. As expected, Pete's songs were the best, with bassist John Entwhistle's a close second. As for Roger Daltrey and Keith Moon, they were nice tries, but nothing special. At the time, The Who were still one of the loudest, rawest rock groups around and songs like &quot;Run Run Run&quot;, &quot;So Sad About Us&quot;, and their first &quot;rock opera&quot; &quot;A Quick One While He's Away&quot; are some of Pete's best songs when long-form works had not yet entered his conscience. The perfect songs for playing guitars as well as smashing them. A QUICK ONE was the first time John Entwhistle got to really demonstrate his songwriting muscle. While he wasn't as accomplished as Pete, he certainly wasn't any worse. &quot;Whiskey Man&quot; and &quot;Boris The Spider&quot; are all typical of Entwhistle's, and The Who's, demented sense of humor. John may not have smashed his guitar, but he could be wild when it came to humor. In the end, the democracy of songwriting on A QUICK ONE only may have resulted in some fat royalty checks, but it was a gallant effort at trying to show that Pete may have been the main songwriting voice of the Who, but he wasn't the only one. In the end, each member of the Who would get their day in the solo sun. A QUICK ONE showed the potential each member had at acheiving this.
B00004X01U|5.0|The queen of pop does it again! This record is amazing! It is a mix of pop, funk, country, and electronica all in one album. There is something for everyone! With 1st week sales of over half a million copies in the US alone, Madonna proves that she is bigger than ever!
B0000214F0|5.0|when the censors are finaly put to rest this film will be recognised as a classic piece of film  i felt that i was living in the rome of caligula. brilliant in the filming and realistic in the potrayal of the exeses of the ruling classes.I JUST LOVED IT AND CANNOT UNDERSTAND ANY CENSORSHIP OF THE TRUTH
0345409671|5.0|Another brilliant addition to the Vampire Chronicles.  In Memnoch the Devil, Lestat seems to show signs of a conscience and recognition of his own faults and possible vulnerabilities, which helps the reader to care for him. <br />The story is far reaching and challenges readers to open their minds.  Ms. Rice's imagination is awe-inspiring.  Memnoch's feelings about God's relationship to humanity, being indifferent, struck a chord with me as I'm sure it will many other readers.<br />The book was a surprise in that an author would take on this subject matter.  Ms. Rice does so with her usual creative flair and writes a book that will long stay on my bookshelf.  If you are a fan of Ms. Rice's work or have read the other vampire chronicles, you will enjoy this book.
0792151712|5.0|the movie was based on reality. Though the  movie was shot virtually, it seems very real. the effects used in the movie were really out of the world.
B000002MG1|5.0|This is an absolute essential R.E.M album. Stunning and unique this possibly represents R.E.M at their very best and is one of their more challenging efforts. Michael Stripes' powerful, heartfelt delivery is best complemented on the classic and unforgetable EVERYBODY HURTS which is one of their greatest recordings to date. Some of the lyrics on the album cuts are just charming in there simplicity. Every track is very good but the very best of the selection include the all time classic, EVERYBODY HURTS as well as DRIVE, TRY NOT TO BREATHE, the uplifting THE SIDEWINDER SLEEPS TONITE, the highly emotional SWEETNESS FOLLOWS as well as IGNORELAND, NIGHTSWIMMING and FIND THE RIVER. Excellent, thoroughly enjoyable and uplifting rock music at its best. An all time classic that comes highly recommended!!!!!
0790729733|5.0|I was only able to catch back my breath when the entire show is over, and that's when I was able to sit back into my couch.Yes! the movie is that intensive and engaging.  Not many human being on this planet is capable of telling a non-fictional story in a most artistic way without hurting the realism and Stone is definitely one of them. If you have already watched 4th of July and owned Nixon but havn't checked out this one, I am telling you you ain't see nothing yet. It's oliver stone's glorious contribution to the world of filming. It's one of the very few true reason we go see something of a movie.
B00000JMQC|4.0|A dark and gloomy belated sequel to the 1939 classic, The Wizard Of Oz, which follows Dorothy on her second adventure to Oz which this times is in ruins. There is not such a feel good atmosphere here as there are none of the usual sing along songs and the atmosphere is chilling throughout, deeming it a little unsuitable for very small children. However despite its often gloomy feel this is a surprising classic with its stunning visual effects and great characters like Tik Tok and the wheelers which are all drawn from various Oz books by L.Frank Baum. Some of the sets are truly magnificent. Does not top The Wizard Of Oz but a classic never the less and one very much recommended.
0780622642|1.0|Guy Williams is still the best potential actor I've ever seen, an American cross of Errol Flynn, Clark Gable, and Sean Connery rolled into one!   Guy's last role was as Professor John Robinson in &quot;Lost in Space&quot;--his first science fiction role--and as usual Guy played his part with his outstanding blend of charm, rugged handsomeness, tenderness, and charisma.  Unfortunately, Guy died in l989, and couldn't return to his role for this movie, and it's all downhill from there.<br />     The casting is all wrong--except for Gary Oldman, who, although I never liked the Dr. Smith character I have to admit that both Oldman and his predecessor Jonathan Harris are both excellent actors--the story is boring, and this is one movie based on an old tv show that shouldn't have been made!<br />     William Hurt is too stiff and not goodlooking enough, Mimi Rogers is too old--just as June Lockhart was-- the kids aren't likable--I loved the old Robinson kids!--and the robot is as silly as ever.  (Robby of &quot;Forbidden Planet&quot; is still the best!)  <br />     The special effects are very good, but not enough to make up for the movie's flaws.  <br />     Dale Midkiff would have been a perfect John Robinson, but for some idiotic reason the makers of this movie decided to cast against type.<br />     Don't buy this movie, don't rent it, and don't skip anything important to watch it on tv!<br />     It's a loser!<br />     Oh, and Guy Williams, we miss you! <br />                                         Chari Krishnan                                          ...
B0000026WD|4.0|Michael Jackson returned with this studio album in 1991 following the tremendous success of the 1987 album, BAD, and the string of singles taken from it. Where as THRILLER remains his very, very best work, BAD did come close to that and this too is a very good album with some exceptional tracks but his momentum is slightly lost. Where as THRILLER and BAD were stunning and surprising releases this is a little too predictable. However judged on its own merits its stil worth having and what does remain stunning and unique are Jacksons' highly charged vocals. Pumping pop tunes JAM, BLACK OR WHITE, IN THE CLOSET, DANGEROUS, REMEMBER THE TIME and the truly touching, HEAL THE WORLD are the best of the bunch. This gave him another succesful run of hits. On the whole very good throughout but the format sticks closley to that of 1987's BAD. Recommended never the less.
B00000J7JO|5.0|A while ago, the Red Hot Chili Peppers were the new punks on the block- Their music was as new and different as it was fun and offensive.  Today, the music has reached more of an &quot;Alternative&quot; title.  This, however, is very wrong.  There are a lot of different Red Hot Chili Peppers styles in this CD.  There's rap-Around the World, Rock-Parrallel Universe, Slow-Otherside,and Fast-Right on time.  There are mixes of styles, but there's always the same guitar solo ripping and great lyrics.  The Red Hot Chili Peppers are great on this CD.  After so many years, the Red Hot Chili Peppers are still going strong.  If you like rock or alternative or rap, buy this CD.  You will enjoy it.
6305041156|5.0|Terribly dissapointing - the picture quality is flat, sort of dead, maybe the worst picture I've seen on a DVD and yes, I have seen Scarface. It doesn't end there - the letterbox is pushed all the way up the TV screen! It's really sad that Fox Lorber is releasing classics by Kurosawa and Truffaut - I know that in the not too distant future someone else will release the versions of these films we deserve and I'll be stuck. Ran has been re-released to theatres in Sept. so maybe a good Ran is on the way - do yourself a favor: WAIT
6302794331|5.0|One of the finest renditions of Dickens' classic tale can be found in Brian Henson's Muppet Christmas Carol.  The soundtrack is wonderful, the Muppets perfectly &quot;cast&quot;, and Michael Caine, now an Oscar-winner, adds an immeasurable charm to the story as Scrooge.  I would recommend this film to kids and adults of all ages.  I'm in college and I love it.  Not since the Fozzie Christmas TV special have the Muppets come together so delightfully for a holiday.  Jim Henson was in that one for a moment, and this one does great service to his memory.  Great Job Brian Henson!
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I DID NOT want to see this movie! But, after much goading by my husband I gave in . . .and I was glad I did. Yes, this movie was brash, crude and in your face, but I did not find it at all offensive or over the top. I laughed the entire time! The market has been so saturated with these &quot;teen horror-did I really pay money to watch this?&quot; kind of flicks that it was great to see someone finally take a hit at them. I also thought the mixing in of various movie themes and hints was creative and brought the point home that much more! I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone . . .with a good sense of humor that is !
B00003CXGP|5.0|I'm sorry, but this review isn't terribly important to me at least from what I've heard of on page 6.  Oh, I forgot..  I have to pick up my new business cards and return some videotapes.....
B00004TH7Z|3.0|&quot;Brave New World&quot; is better than any Maiden album since the departure of Adrian Smith in 1989.  Unfortunately, it is no where near as good as their 80's material.  I did not notice any so-called &quot;3 guitar attack&quot; on this disk.  Maiden's 80's material was much more melodic and creative.  The sound here is sort of muddy.  This is because Janick Gers remains with the band.  Now that Adrian is back, Maiden should fire Janick.  He is a horrible guitarist who does nothing but runs around the stage like a nut, instead of concentrating on his sound!  He simply cannot hold a candle to either Adrian or Dave (Murray).  In addition, Adrian wrote very litte of the material on this disk, while his songs from the 80's were milestones in Maiden's career.  Until Janick is gone, and Adrian begins writing more of the songs, Maiden will never be back to their 80's form.  <br />This may sound very picky but, as a guitarist myself, it is clear that Dave, Adrian and Janick have switched from DiMarzio to Seymour Duncan pickups.  Please go back to using DiMarzio's.  The Duncans are muddier with alot of bass, while the DiMarzio's are sharp and more powerful!  All of Maiden's 80's material was recorded using DiMarzio's!
B000002TQV|5.0|After purchasing OK Computer,it was some time before I decided to check out Radiohead's earlier recordings. The Bends is a perfect example of how wonderful music is completely overlooked in this time of pre-fabricated pop, junk Hip Hop and Matchbox 20 sound alikes. The 90's was a sorry decade of music and although some vaguely interesting Grunge music was produced nothing comes close to the luscious searing beauty of The Bends. Radiohead's failure to become popular is a Godsend to those of us who can see through the trash for that one shining diamond that is always there if you look hard enough. The Bends satisfies every need you could possibly have for great music. Beautiful melodies,intricate and thoughtful lyrics with a wave of emotions that take you to several different levels and bring you back to rest wanting only to repeat the whole experience again. Thank you Radiohead for being the light in a dark age.
B00003CX5A|1.0|This movie did absolutely nothing for me.  I was extremely disappointed.  As a matter of fact, I stopped watching after the first 20 minutes.  It's for kids.  Certainly, those under 19-20 years old may enjoy this movie, but it is NOT an adult spooky film. I had no idea that it was such a silly movie.  I expected much more.
0790733226|5.0|True to the vision of Carl Sagan, Contact takes viewers on a not-so-fantastic voyage into the not-too-distant future.  The movie is about hope, about faith, and about the relentless need for exploration that has driven humanity since we first stood upright.  Jodi Foster is superb, and the visual effects stir the soul.  Contact will inspire the inveterate explorer in all of us.
B000009VOL|5.0|Although 'Moon Pix' did not nearly reach the impact of Nirvana's 'Nevermind' during the 90's, it can still be regarded as one of the most moving and captivating listens that the decade had to offer. Chan Marshall's earthen voice sounds so beautiful along with that single guitar that accompanies her, and the lyrics are so amazing and true and touching that the songs bringtears to your eyes. 'Colors and the Kids' may be the greatest song of the decade altogether due to its trueness to life and the human spirit. 'Cross Bones Style' and 'No Sense' remain eerie little numbers, again having amazing lyrics and touching, haunting musical backgrounds. All in all, Moon Pix is one of the greatest albums I have ever heard and is strong competition with &quot;XO&quot; - Elliott Smith, &quot;Portishead&quot; - Portishead, and &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; - PJ Harvey for the best sounding album of the 90's. It just works.<br />Grade: A+
B000002WYT|5.0|This  album is perfect.There's not a cut I would skip over.Dave Matthews has one of the most unique voices I've ever heard.I love the hit &quot;Crash.&quot; This is the sexiest song ever played on radio.Dave's voice is fantastic when he's singing without any effort.&quot;So Much to Say,Too Much,Drive In Drive Out,&quot; are wonderfull numbers,but my all time favorite is the last song,&quot;The Proudest Monkey.&quot; This record has a great jam session at the end,like alot of the cuts off the album.You never know when a records going to end.There can not be a person alive that doesn't love &quot;Crash.&quot;
6305558167|4.0|This film is very loosely based on Malory's MORTE D'ARTHUR-  more a modern reflection than an adaptation.   Many plot elements were omitted or significantly changed.  Basic themes are different, too, and parts (the Grail Quest) are more dependent on other sources than on Malory. <br />True to Malory or not, this is one of my favorite films.  However, as director John Boorman admits, it was made on a shoe-string budget.  It sometimes shows. There's a Hammer Film glitz to the court scenes and battles often feel claustrophobic-  a dozen horsemen filmed tightly to suggest entire clashing armies.  Still, with limited resources, Boorman created a credible, gritty yet lyrically atmospheric epic.told with masterful economy- efficiently establishing and developing themes, motivations, etc.  He invented a generic Medieval setting in which pagan and late Medieval elements coexist- allowing details (types of armor, costumes) to be chosen for what they said about characters rather than historical accuracy. (Interesting note: Neil Jordan is credited as a &quot;creative associate&quot;.)<br />There are few features on the DVD- no cast/crew interviews (difficult for a twenty-year-old low budget film) or biographies.  However, there is a trailer (amusingly dated kitsch) and director's commentary.<br />Boorman's superb commentary describes the simple special effects used and almost doubles as a &quot;Making of Excalibur&quot; documentary.  Highlights: The film was shot in several seasons near Boorman's home in Ireland. The winter bleakness is real as are the spring wildflowers.  The battle horses were polo ponies. (They don't shy close up.)  Boorman gossips about actors including his early work with Patrick Stewart, Liam Neeson and Gabriel Byrne on this film.  Arthur's mother, Ygraine,  who appears in the troublingly graphic depiction of Arthur's conception, was played by Boorman's daughter. Curiously, what bothered her while filming the scene turns out to be very different from whataudiences find disturbing.
0140288503|4.0|tim bowden poignantly recounts the the most hellish 48 hours in war since vietnam. a tale of unimaginable horrors that leaves the reader longing to identify and understand the courage that makes a soldier. if you liked this i would recommend THE THINGS THEY CARRIED BY TIM OBRIEN .
6305718954|5.0|Like a slow-paced rock music video with a hard edge, &quot;Stigmata&quot; unfolds as a glorious tapestry before your eyes, exploring different themes of religion as well as giving the audience a story filled with intelligence and supernatural events.<br />Frankie Paige does not believe in God, demostrating her absence of faith through her rather wild-child lifestyle of the mainstream nineties. While sitting in her bathtub one night, she begins writhing and jerking, apparently not because she wants to, and blood begins pouring out of fresh holes in her wrists. Doctors and surgeons cannot interpret the cause of the holes, and label it an attempted suicide. After receiving whip slashes across her back on a subway train, Frankie's situation comes to the attention of the Vatican, where Father Andrew Kiernan is sent to Pittsburgh to investigate the strange occurences. Upon his arrival, he becomes more emotionally involved with Frankie than his conscience allows, and this, accompanied by two more strange wounds, conspire to force Kiernan as well as Paige look at their lives and take stock of themselves. After hearing Kiernan's explanation for her marks, Frankie will soon learn that she is channeling a powerful message that could change the way humanity looks at the church. <br />If this synopsis sounds the least bit confusing, then this movie is not for you. If you find it intriguing, then I highly recommend going out to rent it. First of all, the movie is unlike most movies of the horror/thriller genre in that it does not come out and say which one it is; you must infer it for yourself based upon how the movie registers in your mind. The suspense of the film is high if you can understand the complex plot and subplots; otherwise, you may find it hard to understand, and certain scenes and dialogue will not make sense. <br />Rupert Wainwright has done an excellent job in incorporating fact with fiction, making the film much more believable. The technical and factual aspectssurrounding the phenomenom of stigmata are handled nicely, and very accurately. A lot of religious symbolism is also interjected into the plot, wihch makes it not only a thriller for bloodseekers, but a thriller for those in the mood for deep religious meaning. <br />Actors take their parts very seriously, playing them with perfection and knowledge of what the character is truly experiencing. Arquette shines as the beautiful and tortured Frankie, and her performance in scenes of the stigmata add to the intensity and suspense. Byrne is superb as Father Kiernan, showing sympathy when needed but also remaining intact with his side of strictness in terms of his objectives dealing with the Vatican. <br />A downright delicious film that was trashed by critics everywhere, Stigmata is a perfect ensemble of actors and storyline that will satisfy those in the mood to think while they watch.
B00004U45G|5.0|I saw these guys when they were in Washington, DC and then I immediately bought this CD.  They were amazing and so is this CD.  It's an excelent recording of a live concert and portrays their IMMENSE on-stage energy very well.  It's really one of the most rediculous things in the world to see these guys on stage.  They are so amazing.  And if you're saying to yourself, &quot;It's Zeppelin songs, but no singer can do Robert Plant, it would just ruin it.&quot;  Well acctually I said the samething before I saw them.  But on the other hand, YOU'RE WRONG!  It's spine chilling to hear the vocals.  He has the sound of Robert Plant, and, in case you were wondering, the on-stage persona down cold.  JIMMY PAGE OWNS ME!!!  Buy CD immediately.  You must.  If you don't you'll feel the absence of the divine presence and it will pain you.
B00004X01U|3.0|As an avid, faithful Madonna fan for the past 15 years, I've been consistently amazed at the Blonde One's ability to transcend herself with each new release.  Even the worst Madonna critics can't claim that she rests on her creative laurels, especially if you listen to her records in order of release...well, at least they couldn't until now.  Music is the worst Madonna record to hit since True Blue.  Her voice is tinny and hollow in dance numbers or flat and emotionless in the ballads.  I Deserve It and Nobody's Perfect are trite and sound like they were knocked off in a hurry so they could be served up as filler. Impressive Instant could've been a decent dance tune except for the distorted singing which alienates instead of drawing you in. Madonna's flat delivery doesn't help. Many Madonna detractors think she can't carry a tune and Music won't help win them over. The only reason I gave this three stars was because of the beautiful What It Feels Like for a Girl and the aptly titled, Amazing.  Other than that, Madonna is slumming with &quot;Music&quot;.  If you really want to hear Madonna stand and deliver, check out Bedtime Stories or Ray of Light.  Save this one for Napster listenings.
0446525537|5.0|Like his previous two novels (Message in a Bottle; The Notebook), Sparks has captured the essence of romance and human emotions into this moving story.  The story, although fictional, is one that each and everyone of us can relate to. It is spoken as if really by a teenager who has never experienced love and is experiencing it for the very first time.  As a teenager myself, I find the story captivating and moving.  Unlike some other romance novels, this one speaks of pure and innocent love.  The novel itself proves that romance and sex does not have to go together, that two people can be attracted to each other on an emotional level and show the world that true love does exist.  I definitely recommend this book!  I bought it yesterday and finished it in the same night! I simply couldn't put it down.  So everyone, run to the bookstore and grab the first copy you can find!  A Walk to Remember is a novel that you will NOT want to miss!
B00004X01U|3.0|As an avid, faithful Madonna fan for the past 15 years, I've been consistently amazed at the Blonde One's ability to transcend herself with each new release.  Even the worst Madonna critics can't claim that she rests on her creative laurels, especially if you listen to her records in order of release...well, at least they couldn't until now.  Music is the worst Madonna record to hit since True Blue.  Her voice is tinny and hollow in dance numbers or flat and emotionless in the ballads.  I Deserve It and Nobody's Perfect are trite and sound like they were knocked off in a hurry so they could be served up as filler. Impressive Instant could've been a decent dance tune except for the distorted singing which alienates instead of drawing you in. Madonna's flat delivery doesn't help. Many Madonna detractors think she can't carry a tune and Music won't help win them over. The only reason I gave this three stars was because of the beautiful What It Feels Like for a Girl and the aptly titled, Amazing.  Other than that, Madonna is slumming with &quot;Music&quot;.  If you really want to hear Madonna stand and deliver, check out Bedtime Stories or Ray of Light.  Save this one for Napster listenings.
0446525537|5.0|Like his previous two novels (Message in a Bottle; The Notebook), Sparks has captured the essence of romance and human emotions into this moving story.  The story, although fictional, is one that each and everyone of us can relate to. It is spoken as if really by a teenager who has never experienced love and is experiencing it for the very first time.  As a teenager myself, I find the story captivating and moving.  Unlike some other romance novels, this one speaks of pure and innocent love.  The novel itself proves that romance and sex does not have to go together, that two people can be attracted to each other on an emotional level and show the world that true love does exist.  I definitely recommend this book!  I bought it yesterday and finished it in the same night! I simply couldn't put it down.  So everyone, run to the bookstore and grab the first copy you can find!  A Walk to Remember is a novel that you will NOT want to miss!
B00000JLXG|4.0|The movie is simply fantastic. It is a heart moving love story. The graphics and the special effects are employed at their best. It is recommended that the movie be watched on the bigger screen.
B00000JLXG|5.0|This is a great movie I've ever seen.
0156711427|4.0|&quot;A Passage to India&quot; contains some of the best imagery and character development of any book I have read in quite a long time.  This era of writing is definitely in a class by itself.  The overall plot and storyline is somewhat dissapointing though.  Forster should have spent a little more time in developing the climax of the book.  Overall, I would definitely suggest this book to anyone looking to get a birds eye view into India during Englands dominance.
B000002GYR|5.0|I enjoy the music on this CD very much even though it is melancholy.  In fact, some of the songs are downright sad.  Tom Waits sings songs about love and the moments in between.  MIDNIGHT LULLABY makes me feel sleepy; MARTHA is a bittersweet reunion of lovers after &quot;40 years or more&quot;.  &quot;Those were days of roses / and all we had was prose and / Martha, all I had was you and / all you had was me. / There was no tomorrows / packed away our sorrows / and saved them for a rainy day./&quot;  The brilliance of these songs are enhanced by the fact that Tom Waits is in his early twenties.  His vocal style is smooth and his phrasing precise so that I find myself hanging on his every word.  LONELY is.  I can barely listen to it without a lump in my throat.  &quot;Lonely, lonely / lonely eyes / lonely face / lonely, lonely &quot;  After this nadir, it is a relief to hear the cheery, upbeat ICE CREAM MAN, an unsecured blues number written by John Brim and recorded in 1953.  If you are interested in melancholic, love songs, or if you are interested in sensitive poetry sung well, this CD will interest you.
0385495315|5.0|This book is a solid and well-written look at the history of cryptography. While laced with liberal doses of code-breaking processes and theories, Singh takes care to make sure that even readers unfamiliar with crypto can keep up with his narrative. The stories he has to tell are fascinating and you will probably find it a hard book to put down once it grabs you. Highly recommended for any with an interest in cryptography, no matter what level their understanding of the theories is currently at.
B000002J20|2.0|I do enjoy listening to the music on this CD.  I find it makes excellent wallpaper music.  I don't feel that anything about this work, neither the lyric, nor the music, stand up to close scrutiny. Others may feel differently.  I would suggest that the onous lies with those who would attempt to elevate TfTO above anything other than a popular music distinction.  Still, this is the most ambitious piece attempted by YES, and perhaps, by any progressive rock group of the early seventies. How you enjoy this album depends more on a pre-disposition to progressive rock than on the merit of the album itself.  It seems to be an extremely divisive album which is the first aspect of its social relevance, which I see.  Punk deserves its controversial reputation, even so, it appears that controversy is not the sole property of the Punk Scene.  The second is that it is interesting to me to consider that, at the time of its release in 1973, many people were willing to spend quite a bit of time listening closely to this album, and enjoyed doing so.  Whereas, three decades later, there is nothing in the public offering which requires such dedication.  That in itself is intriguing from a sociological perspective.  I wonder what that says about the two cultures, and why it is that this album is able to accentuate those differences as so few albums have.  If you are interested in the social implications of popular music, or if you are interested in one of the most ambitious works by a progressive rock band in the early seventies, this CD will be interesting to you.
B00003CWNR|3.0|After seeing his work mauled by Simon Birch, Irving made a vow to do his own adaptations.  And what a novel to start with:  The Cider House Rules is a beautifully written ode to love. But read the book, then watch the film.  You'll be amazingly disappointed at what was important and beautiful in the novel has become cheap and Hollywood-ized in the film (especially the ending).  I missed this film during Oscar-hype and kept vowing to see it, then bought the DVD since I enjoyed the book so much.  I was keenly disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, though.  On its own, the Cider House Rules film is a nice work of motion picture, with well-written dialogue, beautiful cinematography, and good performances.  But to see what Irving did to his novel (in what I'm assuming is the interest of time and to give the film a more traditional happy ending) is to see utter disappointment in this film. ATTENTION:  Don't watch this movie and read the book because it intrigues you...and if you've read the book but haven't seen the film, don't.  Let the characters live and breathe inside you.
B000002OZY|5.0|this is unbelievable. for kids of all ages. this got me into the who, and is still my favorite album. great for listenning at all ocasions.  small note: the first two times i listened i thought it was ok,,, not till the third time did i appreciate it, so be patient.
B00003CX5A|5.0|For art direction alone, the Sleepy Hollow is a masterpiece. No one but Tim Burton can make a set look at once so real and so fanciful. This wonderful retelling of Washington Irving's novel changes Ichabod Crane from a schoolteacher to a constable, investigating the decapitations in the small town of Sleepy Hollow. There, his science comes into direct confrontation with magic and mystery. Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci provide wonderfully entertaining performances and Christopher Walken makes the most of an interesting cameo. The film is gory (well, people are being decapitated, what do you expect?) but entirely entertaining...if you go for Tim Burton.
B000002OVJ|5.0|as a big who fan, this is definately the best who album. (ok, well perhaps tommy).  the who live are on a different level than they are in the studio. please, buy this album.
B00003CXFV|4.0|This film has something for everyone:  If you're a guy, it has Roberts in skimpy clothing.  If you're a girl, it has Roberts in skimpy clothing acting...and acting well.  In a script that seems tailor-made for her, Julia Roberts makes the most out of being witty, quirky and beautiful. That this is based on a true-story is typically grounds for me to start groaning.  Still, it had Roberts in skimpy clothing...so I bit.  I'm glad I did.  Albert Finney is a definite supporting Oscar favorite at this point and Julia should have a lock on a nomination as well (and should win the Globe for best comedic).  The witty repartee between these two alone makes Brockovich a worthy film, but add in across-the-board solid acting by the rest of the supporting cast (including my favorite underused film actress, Cherry Jones) and you have a delightful film that should be the highlight of any dinner party you throw at home.
B00003CXGG|5.0|Hello folks,<br />This is really a nice movie and i recommend all must watch this movie.
B00004U8H4|4.0|It would seem that very few people are getting adaptations from novels right these days (case in point:  read John Irving's &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot;, then watch what HE did with his own screenplay).  Brett Easton Ellis' novels explore a dark side of elite society...those people in the uppercrust who have everything, know everyone, and couldn't be more bored with their lives.  With his razor-sharp insight, you'd think Ellis speaks from firsthand experience and perhaps he does. Many people have faulted this movie, claiming it was insensitive, stupid, gross...and it is, in many ways.  But it's also clever, insightful, smart...and wickedly funny and true. That Christian Bale's character, Patrick Bateman, spends as much time dwelling on the suits he and his friends are wearing as he does on discussion of anything remotely &quot;important&quot; just drives home the idea of indifference.  Ellis' novels are full of these amazingly detailed accounts of clothing and fashion...this is what these people know!  Without bluntly saying so, it points out just how shallow society can be...and the film (and novel) point out just what one bored young man is capable of. Don't let a negative review stop you from making your own decision about this film.  Rent it, borrow it, buy it, but decide for yourself whether this is a gem or a rock.
014028009X|4.0|This is one of the funniest, sharpest, and enjoyable books I've read in years.  It's a must-read for women, especially single women.  This is a great story about friendship and learning to find your &quot;inner poise&quot; and self-confidence.  It's also subject matter that most women can relate to, regardless of dating or marital status.  The sequel novel is also good, but not as keen as the first book.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This film deserves repeated viewings and serious long-term thought.  What is important to some may not be to others, but director Paul Thomas Anderson obviously wanted to say something he felt was important and I believe he accomplished that goal. The characters in Magnolia might all be dysfunctional, but deep down, less than 1% of America is probably actually normal.  These people want, need, laugh, love and hate like everyone else, but their stakes seem to be a bit higher on the day that Magnolia takes place.   Anderson takes seemingly unrelated people and places (Robards dying day, the little boy forced to go on the game show) and weaves them together so that changes from plot to plot don't jar.  There is a beautiful poetic sense here that I feel was overshadowed by last year's poetic champion, American Beauty.  Beauty might be more fondly remembered now because it chose to focus on one family (imagine Magnolia with only Jason Robards' family) while Magnolia juggles several dysfunctions at once. The movie is long, yes, but from the first time I saw it until now, the first 2 hours seem like nothing.  The last hour is when I begin to feel being in the theatre, but the ending always makes up for it and revives me. The singing and the frogs are often seen as unbelievable, but we are watching a movie after all.  To me, the singing only serves to enhance my appreciation and affinity for these people, and while the frogs might be random and curious, it can simply be taken as a freak event that serves to bring people together. This film deserved far better accolades than it received.  It is funny how Hollywood demands seriousness and self-importance, but fails to recognize something when it is serious and important (without the self).
B00004XPQL|1.0|WARNING!! POSSIBLE SPOILER OF GARBAGE: This movie is absolute garbage!  It stank!  It reeked!! It had as much suspense and thrill impact as a peanut butter sandwich.  And, OHHHHHHHH, I was SOOOOOOOO scared by the whisps of wind that foretold of an upcoming death.  This movie is mindless drivel.  It insults even a 10 year old viewer.  Young children have more intelligence and discrimination than is demanded of them when watching this clap-trap and offal.  This movie can't really be rated.  It OWES the viewers a couple of stars!!
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|I am a true, die-hard fan of Miss B.  I'm not going to mislead anyone by using fancy words to describe this album.  It isn't worthy of fancy words.  Tracks 1,3,4, and 7 are by far the best. Track 4 sounds something that bjork would normally do.  The cd is only 32 minutes long, yet priced as a full album.  But, do you expect less?  Her other albums never make it past 47 minutes.  So why is everyone disappointed?  Her new solo release comes out in April of 2001 and that will be a break through for her.  I was fortunate enough to get this album FREE one week before its release.  So, it wasn't overpriced for me.  However, it is an overpriced album.  If anyone wants, I'll burn them a copy...Just pay for the CD to be burned and shipping and handling.  Anyway, you also must remember that this is a SOUNDTRACK!  Not a typical Bjork album.  With that in mind, it is a must have for true bjork fans.  Otherwise, if you are just starting out with Bjork, please start from Debut and work your way up.  Then make a decision in whether to purchase this album or not.  You will thank me later.
B00000263T|5.0|As with ALL other great metal bands of the era, Accept HAD to go commercial to survive. However, Metal Heart should be the benchmark of FINE QUALITY commercial heavy metal (other bands of their time failed to be commercially competent and went downhill, i.e. Scorpions, Judas Priest, Dokken, Crue, Krokus, Whitesnake, etc.) The vocals, drums and guitars on this album show Accept at its best. Commercial??? so what! This is still a great album.
B00003CXGG|4.0|its a nice movie .we liked it a lot.
B000002B7S|2.0|This one is not that bad. However, it lames so much when compared to Ozzy's two previous albums. Jake E Lee does a decent job, but he fell way short in trying to recapture the magic that Ozzy had with the late great Randy Rhoads.  &quot;Bark at the Moon&quot; is a great song but the majority of the other songs in the album are simply not in the same league of Blizzard's and Diary's. There was a lot of expectation before the album came out back in '83; unfortunately, it certainly did not lived up to it.
0780631684|5.0|If you got borred from scream-style movies this is the perfect medicine! This is a movie who can do your heart beat really fast... ...and makes you before leaving for your next plain trip,think it again!
6305781427|5.0|I think Yanni has envisaged this album for all kinds of people. The scores chosen are really excellent and appropriate. All the artists are given equal chance to exhibit their skills. Especially the violinist - Wow!<br />Santorini is a real grandeur. The music just flows. I just recalled the moment I heard Yanni for the first time - it was Santorini. I was so thrilled to see Yanni playing it and I was not disappointed. It is a double-feast for I could feel not only the music but also the beauiful scenes of the structures from Acropolis appropriately picturized for the song. But unfortunately, this feast ends here itself. <br />Keys to imagination, Within Attractions and One man's dream are fantastic. Aria is another masterpiece. Felista is a nice song for his mother. The End of August is to end the nice evening with a style. <br />I think Yanni has given his best for this album - as he says. But I found two things missing in the DVD version: the sound effects are not all that good when compared to the CD version. The visual effects, especially lighting in most of the times, jazzy. <br />Indeed a great experience. I felt, sometimes, as if I were in Greece.
B00003Q43A|5.0|The special edition if ID4 has both the original theatrical version and the 9 minute longer Special Edition which skews the story quite a bit. The original lacked details of some of the key characters lives and backgrounds and those extra 9 minutes certainly add a lot of it back in.<BR> Thankfully when assembling the Special Edition they didn't put all of the deleted scenes back in and they used the best ending (IMHO) while letting you still acess all of the left out scenes through the extra's menu.<BR> Bill Pulman, Jeff Goldblum and Will Smith still make a great combination of talents in what has to be one of the SFX extravaganzas of the decade.<BR> Of course you weren't getting this for the storyline, were you?  :-)
6300214559|4.0|I really have always like history based movies, especially tragedies like this one.  Lady Jane is a beautifully portrayed film of the sad tale of the Nine-Day Queen, with good acting, nice costume, and a superb story line.  I've been very interested in her, since I saw this film, and I've even been to the Tower of London since then.  Plus it has a great cast...Cary Elwes and Helena Bonham Carter!  But, if you're overly sensitive like me and cry for days over movies like this AND DON'T LIKE DOING SO....a warning to you!  Otherwise, WATCH IT! ^_^
B000002MG1|5.0|Every day that I find the time to listen to this CD, I feel that I am giving myself an extra special treat. It really is one of the best CDs of this type of music ever made. The CD opens with three truely knockout songs. &quot;Drive&quot;, &quot;Try Not to Breath&quot; and &quot;The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite.&quot;<br />Next comes a change of pace to the slower but riveting &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; and the rather weak &quot;New Orleans Instrumental No. 1.&quot;<br />After that brief interlude, we return to the blisteringly high standards of the opening tracks. Incomparable vocals, majestic arrangements and melodies the like of which have not been heard since the days of Syd Barrett.<br />Of the latter half of the CD, &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; is just so good that it stands out even in this company. But that comment must not be taken at the expense of the rest of the CD which is  landmark of its decade.
B00004X01U|4.0|Well Madonna did it once again with her new album titled Music. I think the album is great. Music is a good dance song to dance to.  The song Nobodys perfect is probaly the best soft song on it. I deserve it,and amazing are also good. I would think that this years album is better than last years.
6301607929|5.0|The on-screen chemistry between William Holden and Kim Novak is the best I have ever seen.  The acting is superb by these two as well as by Cliff Robertson, Rosalind Russell, Susan Strasberg, etc. Even Nick Adams as the obnoxious paperboy is some of his best work, although on-screen time is very limited.<br />If you are in love now, or have ever been passionately in love, then this movie is a must see.  I have waited a long time for it to become available again as I wore the other tape out. This has become my all time movie favorite.
B00003CWL6|1.0|This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen.  I can't believe it was nominated for ANY  award.  They people who made it should be ashamed of themselves.  I feel this movie is only applauded for its shock value.  Someone's brains are blown out, a man lusts for his teenaged daughters classmate,  two grown men kissing, a strange father/son relationship involving drugs.  I felt the movie was flat and boring.  Who wants to watch this dribble the movie equivalent of C-SPAN?  What a waste of my time.  I love intense movies.  Too bad this isn't one of them.
0451191153|5.0|I found this to be an amazing book with characters that only Rand could have dreamt of. I would recommend this to any book lover. Not to be missed!
B000002H33|5.0|Not only is this probably the best heavy metal album of all time, but it is hands down one of the greatest albums of all time.Guitarest Kirk Hammet and bassist Cliff Burton had more song writing influence on this album than Metallica's two previous efforts-Kill Em' All and Ride the Lightning. They brought in more of a classical element to the song writing. Such is evident with songs like Battery, Master ofPuppets, WelcomeHome(Sanitarium)and Orion. Especially Battery, the song starts off acoustic. The highlights are Battery, Master ofPuppets, Welcome Home(Sanitarium)and Orion, but the whole album is solid the whole way through, never relenting in hard edge, melodicness and intense vocals. If you love Metallica, hell if you own a cd player, buy this album. Ive had it for about 2 years and it is still awesome everytime I put it on.Make sure you crank up the volume!
0316286443|5.0|Just from the experts I have read, I can tell you this is an increadable book!! From the pictures, you couldn't tell  me winnoa ryder was not liz taylor, or martha sterwert (side note- Proof he is an true artist) is Veronica Lake. BRAVO!!
0060920386|4.0|Another business book that chronicles a (at the time) massive takeover battle for RJR Nabisco. It contains quite a comprehensive history of almost all the players featured and it is in that sense part biography. The takeover battle plays like a hollywood movie with all its twists and turns. I heard after reading the book that it was made into a movie which sounds quite fitting for a book with such vivid descriptions of events. I was amazed at the level of detail and had to wonder about the research required for such an all-encompassing project. It could only have been done by journalists who had lived in the middle of the events and who personally knew many of the people involved and I congratulate them not only on their thoroughness but on the style and organization. The hardest part in reading this book is keeping up with who's who since there are so many characters but it is not extremely essential to understanding the story. I recommend this as a casual read to anyone interested in the world of Wall Street and its mega-deals.
B000002KHY|3.0|James Taylor definitely has his pluses as an artist in the music world. As most, he also has his negatives. Perhaps as Carly Simon wrote about him--vanity, more powerful than drugs, mirrors his abilities and sometimes that mirror cracks. The music is light, not arranged too well. Orchestrations are overpowered by JT himself.  This disc could be of better audio quality. The song's lyrics save Taylor.
0446310786|3.0|I was actually enjoying this novel. It deals with the tradition of discrimination in a small southern town called Maycomb, Alabama. It deals with how one lawyer, Atticus Finch, tries to fight discrimination and seek justice for a black man named Tom Robinson who is falsely accused of raping a white woman. However, I am thoroughly appaled at a gender discrimination in the novel. In chapter 23 (page 221 in this edition)...well, I'll type it, and u can see for yourself:<br />'[Atticus]: &quot;...for one thing, Miss Maudie can't serve on a jury because she's a woman-&quot;<br />&quot;You mean women in Alabama can't-?&quot; I was indignant.<br />&quot;I do. I guess it's to protect our frail ladies from sordid cases like Tom's. Besides,&quot; Atticus grinned, &quot;I doubt if we'd ever get a complete case tried- the ladies'd be interrrupting to ask questions.&quot;<br />Jem and I laughed....Perhaps our forefathers were wise.'<br />Now, for a novel that is<br />a.) written by a woman, and<br />b.) has a lead charcter who is supposed to be educated and non-biased, it sure seems that while racial prejudice is inhumane, gender bias is accepted as normal and just, applauded as intlelligent, and even humorous to the ever noble Finch family. Is it just me, or does anyone else see this is an enormous hypocrisy? I actually wonder if I'm the first person to notice this.
6300215954|5.0|Take John Wayne off his horse and put him on the front of a pickup truck, and it's off to the races in this classic film about a group of professional big game hunters in Africa. Wonderful combination of action, comedy and the cast of characters reacting to each other as the storyline develops. The Duke is the undisputed leader of this group of international stars, who are plainly shown to be doing the capture scenes themselves. That adds so much to the film by not using stunt doubles. This is evident in the last capture scene of the rhino as Wayne is plainly shown trying to untangle ropes and move the trapped beast. He stands just mere inches from the horn of the rhino when the beast begins bucking and snorting!  Think about this also. Wayne was on the front of the truck doing the capture scenes. That truck could have easily turned over, and the Duke would have been dead 17 years before his time. Raw courage and devotion to his trade! A must see movie for the entire family!
B000002WYT|5.0|This cd is totally amazing. In a dream &quot;The Lard&quot; told me to buy this. I went out and bought the damned thing and now my friends: Jack Burton, Big Bill and myself can't stop dancing in the woods to it. When i was buring an effigy on Miss Ang's lawn with Big Bill we even listened to it. STR is so damned skilled, Melissa Beck style. Still I never have poked his nose though. Just trust me with this one, buy it and dance like a fool.
0553108034|5.0|This book is truly in a class of its own. Martin has successfully written a literary masterpiece in both &quot;A Game Of Thrones&quot; and &quot; A Clash Of Kings&quot;. The reason that this book did not recieve the five stars fully is because it does have its flaws. For one, Martin has created such a large amount of characters that it is inevitable that he must evenntually kill some of them off. Second, the skipping around between characters can be very annoying and it often breaks the flow of the story, but other than these two things, Martin has the workings of one of the most promising high fantasy epics going for him in the Song of Ice and Fire series.  This story is even more complex than the Wheel of Time and it has even greater character developement.
B00000IQMT|2.0|I did not enjoy listening to this CD, though I really liked the film. I expected a better and more dynamic soundtrack but only the opening score is good, the others are quite boring. You can buy it to have a souvenir of The Phantom Menace, nothing more.
0679721037|4.0|When &quot;Hiroshima&quot; was published in &quot;The... ..... &quot; magazine in 1946 this caused a great stire.  The BBC read the whole book out loud on it's broadcast.  You can read about this and other events that transpired in Ben Yagoda's &quot;About Town: The New Yorker and the World it Made&quot;.<br />This book must have been the ultimate journalistic scoop of all times.  It's story idea is so obvious that I wondered why no else had the idea first.  Hersey traveled to Japan just one year after the end of the war and after the atomic bomb has blasted over Hiroshima.  The ground must have been still radioactive.  (In the book Hersey said that the ground was only 4 times normal radiation levels a few days after the explosion.  So Japanese scienists allowed the citizens to remain there.)<br />This book, like Truman Capote's &quot;In Cold Blood&quot;, is part of The New Yorker genre called &quot;non-fiction novel&quot;.  They didn't really invent the technique but popularized it's style.  This is journalism written in the style of a novel that relates a true tale.  Well done, as in the case with both of these books, it holds your attention.<br />I find this book well-written and obviously interesting.  (No could make such a tale boring.)  But I think &quot;In Cold Blood&quot; and &quot;The Massacre of El Mozote&quot;, published as a long fact piece in The New Yorker are better written.  This is in spite of the heavy editing by William Shawn and many rewrites by John Hersey.<br />In the book we get to see what it was like for the people of Hiroshima to have lived under an atomic bomb blast.  The scenes are quite horrible.  A firestorm burns people in it's path.  The bomb's flash of light etches the frozen picture of a painter on a ladder on a marble wall.  A women cling to her dead baby for days on end.  Men and women cry out for help buried beneath piles of concrete and timbers.  100,000 people are killed outright and 80% of the building in the city are destroyed.<br />As Ben Yagoda says, this book put a human face on the atomic bomb.  It probably did a lot to rally anti-bomb people.  I for one am glad for this portrait because it makes clear and vivid what would happen to us if someone dropped such a weapon here.d.<br />As Ben Yagoda says, this book put a human face on the atomic bomb.  It probably did a lot to rally anti-bomb people.  I for one am glad for this portrait because it makes clear and vivid what would happen to us if someone dropped such a weapon here.
0783243499|5.0|This Piece Of Art is not an ordinary movie,so, if you are expecting a horror/suspense/gore/etc film dont see it. Its not even a black humor comedy as some people (even the writers and producers) think. Some reviewers complain that the film has no plot, no characters and no nothing. They are right, BUT plot and charachters arent really necesary for this movie and its purpouse. The movie (and especially the book) decribres a society who has vanished morals in favor of surface. Noneone cares about NOTHING, with the exeption of their own image, there are no real people in this movie (with the exeption - I think - of Jean and Kimball) they are all empty shells, Bateman is the result of a society who has stolen his soul replacing it with an Armani suit and the feel of all kind Power, even the Ultimate Power, to Kill. But his psychosis is circunstancial, he allways is TRYING to tell people about it but they dont listen, because the movie is telling us all the time &quot;WHAT IS THE PURPOUSE OF BEING A PSYCHO IF NOBODY, NOBODY CARES?&quot; even Jean doesnt really care, when she founds his notebook (or agenda)she cries, but she really is crying for herself. I Repeat: &quot;WHAT IS THE PURPOUSE OF BEING A PSYCHO IF NOBODY, NOBODY CARES?&quot;. PS:the movie has really funny moments, even if its not a comedy, hasnt a cliche ending (damm morons)and stop comparing Patrick Bateman with Norman Bates fot the Love of Hitchcock!
B00004RYZT|5.0|Next to the quality engineering of Rolling Stone concerts and Metallica S&amp;M the DVD Project Management of C-One Communications did a very good job of creating the Dolby 5.1 tracks.  Added features like interviews, hidden and multi-angle tracks make Live Aus Berlin an attractive DVD and an exciting, energetic viewing experience.  A quality home theatre system is a must in order to appreciate the quality effect mixes which make up many of the tracks.
0783211856|5.0|It would be silly of me to attempt to suggest that Schindler's List is anything but the most suprising masterpiece of Spielberg's career.  And yet, one tiny detail always makes me pause.  We're all familiar (or should be) with the magnificent D-Day scene from Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan.  Only an ambitious filmmaker like Speilberg, always striving to out-do himself, could have conceived and executed such a superb seat-of-your-pants battle sequence.  It is by now the standard against which we will measure all future battle scenes.  And yet, it was maginificent precisely because it brought out the boy-wonder in Speilberg, the film-school student who knows every battle scene since The Birth of a Nation, and must find ways to surpass them.  In Schindler's List, the boy-wonder emerges, discreetly, in the myriad displays of Nazi murder.  &quot;Squibs&quot; are the tiny explosive devices attached to actors and scenery that simulate the impact of bullets.  Spielberg uses squibs so often, and with such obsessive detail, that it becomes slightly distracting.  Of course, a crucial part of Schindler's story is how he became humanized when faced with such Nazi brutalities.  Yet, if you begin to count the number and variety of Spielberg's squibs - from the machine-gun scoring of walls to the often explosive execution of innumerable Jews - you begin to feel the intrusion of the boy-wonder filmmaker, creator of Jaws and Indiana Jones, finding far too much pleasure in such technicalities.  Irresistibly, you begin to notice the actors with the lumpy scarves as the ones who will be shot in the head next. Or the ones with too much padding at the waist.  It is a tiny complaint, I admit.  But Schindler's List is generally so pure, so unswerving, that such obsessive details become distracting.
0316286443|5.0|Kevyn has done it again. This is his newest book, following Making Faces, which was a huge success. Kevyn offers very useful tips for make-up application, choosing colors, and finding your own style. In his books, he gives make-overs to celebrities, and normal folks as well. His celebrity makeovers are amazing- in this book, he transforms Martha Stewart to Veronica Lake! You will be amazed and entertained by these makeovers, even if you don't need the make-up tips (but who doesn't need to learn from the best! ). This is a great book to leave on your coffee table for guests to flip through. It's fun to try and guess who the celebrity is (Gwyneth Paltrow as James Dean? ). This is a great gift for anyone who's into make-up, fashion, or celebrities. Check it out!
B000002W9P|2.0|If some people would only realize that the eighties sucked and Metal wasn't always an exeption. Some of the worst lyrical crimes ever were committed ( mainly due to the fact that Manowar made their best Albums in the eighties!)I mean come on, this is what the Brothers Grimm would write as lyrics if they knew how to play! &quot;A Little Time&quot; - you've got to be on acid and on a really cheesy trip! It's like listening to the local Kindergarten choir on Sunday. Really, if you can stand listening to this kind of lyrics you are beyond rescue. My honest Opinion. But music is more important than childish behavoir, but it's still two stars. Two and a half, to be precise. Halloween one of many good metal bands to come out of Germany and gained a cult reputation with their debut &quot;Walls of Jericho&quot;. Only to go Pop'n'Charts on albums like this. Yes folks, one of the first sellouts in metal - history ( Metallica were close to follow ). Not to forget that guitarist Kai quitted shortly after the two &quot;keeper&quot; album to form a much better band ( Gamma Ray ). In the days of this album, Helloween were surrounded by the Teenie-press and evil-minded business man and NOT by their true fans from &quot;Walls of Jericho&quot;, so all you people who call this a cult classic - you believe everything the &quot;True Metal&quot; press makes you believe, don't you?  Let someone tell you the truth, who's elder brother was there! Now, as times go by, I realize that this is a good album. Good means in this case: Put it on, say &quot;an o.k. album&quot; and use it as dust collector for the future to come. Sorry guys, but even Bon Jovi have some harder songs than those who are on this record. For real great eighties-cult music listen to Sodom and Kreator, those Bands really delivered the goods and they do it even now! Helloween were a great Band in the beginning but sucked more from album to album. Not to mention that ALL of their records sound ridicolous three months after their official release. Only a few Bands of every decade manage to get over that Problem. For the eighties, it were basically Iron Maiden and (early) Metallica, the nineties were overpacked with great Bands, too many to mention. But back to the album, it is a nostalgical listening experience that makes me hope that the eighties will never come back. If someone says that metal was better in the eighties he is a sad case for the local retirement home, where he can talk of the &quot;good old days&quot;. Hate me for it, but someone had to say it!
B00004X01U|4.0|This CD is almost as good as &quot;Ray of Light&quot; &amp; &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot;.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The best movie I've ever seen with Brad Pitt and Edward Norton. You can't miss it...
0140157352|4.0|Fisher's idea of &quot;principled negotiation&quot; is the first real academic attempt to study the best ways to negotiate, and he delivers the material in an easy to follow manner. His main points are (1) seperate the people from the problem (2) Focus on interests and not positions (3) invent options for mutual gain, and (4) insist on objective criteria. However, you must truly think about these points to fully grasp the power of this negotiation style; the substance of those points are not as straight-forward as they seem. The most useful point for novice negotiators is &quot;Focus on Interets, not positions. By reading this book you will learn to spot when someone is being positional and be able to disarm them quickly, but tactifully, as you move the discussion to the various parties' interests. The book is most useful in negotaiting any sort of economic transaction, but is applicable in many areas except maybe if you are negotiating with a govt. regulatory agency.   Overall, a must read for any CEO or a person wanting to get the best price on a car. The main thing you should get from this book are the tools that help you to recognize value and not leave value on the table that can be distributed among the parties to maximize gain.
B00000K3CK|5.0|Miracle on 34th street is a genuine classic. Although there have been several remakes of this delightful story, this -- the original -- version is by far the best. Edmund Gwenn's superb performance as Kris Kringle won him a well-deserved Academy Award, and the rest of the cast are also quite good -- including the young Natalie Wood as the little girl who learns to believe in wondrous things, such as Santa Claus. This movie is well established as a holiday treat, but it is also a great movie without regard to genre.
0780631684|5.0|I have never been so on the edge of my seat as much as i was while watching this movie....when it was finished, I felt pain in my hands and looking down I realized all of my fingernails were gone and I am not joking. This was the scariest film I have ever seen. I found myself yelling at the screen and screaming in terror, and I being a horror freak who has seen much worse. THe subject of death however is one that scares me and this movie was designed to scare....I seriously do not understand how people could not enjoy this movie...it was great and one I totally recommend....this DVD is a keeper!
6302787300|5.0|This is a great film. It is full of wonder, because the filmakers want the audience to think and imagine the world that Christopher Columbus once inhabited. According to this film, his world was a world of beauty, through the trenches of 15th century Spain, through the vastness of the Atlantic Ocean, and through the tropical landscapes of the new world. 1492 captures all of the above, and the result is marvelous. One of the questions going through my head during this film was, is this what Christopher Columbus was really like as a person? That is the magic that movies like this create, and this one does it with extraordinary visual realism. Playing the navigator Christopher Columbus in 1492, is Gerard Depardieu. Director Ridley Scott envisioned that actor playing Columbus in this movie. He was so right about it that it is kind of scary. Gerard Depardieu makes a fascinating Columbus, he grabs you with his charm, his wit and his wonderful physical presence. Without him, this film in my opinion, would not have been so amazing. I have studied various painted images of Christopher Columbus, and in most of the pictures shown of him, he was tall, shaggy and bulky with a rather large nose. That is why it is key, that you have an actor with the proper physical presence playing the lead character in a biographical movie like this. To make a long story short, Depardieu was made for this role. The film also features some pretty good performances from Tcheky Karyo who plays Pinzon the ship owner from Palos. Armand Assante who plays Sanchez, the queens treasurer, who's character seems very cynical to me. Michael Wincott plays Moxica who raises hell for Columbus according to the film, during Columbus's second voyage back to Spain. The relationship between Columbus and this character is intense. 1492 is another Ridley Scott milestone, probably one of his best motion pictures. The music performed by Vangelis, who previously collaborated with Scott for the movie Blade Runner, works as a key ingredient in this film, enhancing the affect of the visuals. The cinematography, the music and Depardieu's performance here steal the show. This might be as close as any filmaker will ever come to create a virtually real life depiction of Columbus.
0780631684|3.0|Devon Sawa has a dream (or a psychic warning) that the plane that he and his high school graduation class, are taking to Paris is going to crash.  Sawa flips out and causes he and some of his fellow class mates to be removed from the plane.  <br />The plane explodes shortly after take off, and Sawa falls under suspicion, of causing the crash, but that's the least of his worries.  It appears that death don't like to be cheated, and comes back to claim the lives of the spare student's.<br />Final Destination is an effective thriller, with a really original story.  With movie's like Scream, and your typical slasher horror film's of today, Final Destination stands out as a breath of fresh air, but still tends to fall in the slasher genre of today.<br />Final Destination's strong point is in the fact that we never see death coming, until it's to late.  Sawa tries hard to thwart death's eventual design but fails on almost every turn, and that element alone gives the movie a sense of doom, that few films have, but the movie almost collapses under it's own weight in the last 20 min, as Sawa's love intrest and survivor of the crash is finally stalked by death, and we are left with nothing more than a electrical light show.<br />Never the less Final Destination is worth watching, and probably buying, because of it's still fresh and truely frightning story.
B00004Z311|4.0|In my opinion, Ridley Scott had a definite period of movie success. In this period of time, Scott made three films that have defined the way that we look at Science Fiction and Fantasy. The first was Alien, the second was Blade Runner, and the third was Legend. I am always surprised to find out that hardly anyone that I know has seen or heard of Legend. It is a movie set in a fantastic land of dwarves,fairies, and unicorns. Not all is peaceful and beautiful though. Underneath the land of beauty there is a land of darkness where a menacing devil, with the biggest horns that I have ever seen on a devil in the movies, lurkes. He has goblins in his service whose mission is to kill the unicorns and let the darkness reign on the planet. Don't be deceived by the fact that Tom Cruise is in the movie. He plays his part just fine. If you like The Hobbit this movie is definitely for you. If you like fantastic movies with romance, suspense, terror, and beauty then this movie is for you. I love the films of Terry Gilliam and of Tim Burton. If you like these directors then definitely check out Legend.
B000001ELB|5.0|Have you ever seen the members of KISS and wondered what they sound like? Well this is the CD to buy. Ironically enough KISS would never be the same after this album was released back in 1978 but more on that later. This album combines the best tracks from 6 original albums released between 1974 and 1978 plus a re-recorded version of a KISS Classic. To start off the compilation is the re-recorded Disco-esque version of Strutter. Now while alot of people pan this song as being too disco I look at the brightside of the re-worked version of the song. How about the Extended solo we get from Ace Frehley? A solo which I think is better than the one on the original version from the self-titled Debut. I'm not alone in saying I probably like this version a little bit more then the original. Anyway, from there it just gets better and better as we get KISS concert standards like \\"Do You Love me?\\", \\"Let Me Go Rock N Roll\\", \\"Detroit Rock City\\", \\"Duece\\", \\"Love Gun\\" and of course \\"Rock and Roll all Night\\". Sadly they didn't include \\"I Stole Your Love\\" and opted for a really bad remix of \\"Firehouse\\". Speaking of Remixes, this album has plenty of them. I think almost every track has been remixed. Some good and some bad (see \\"Firehouse\\", \\"Duece\\" and the ending of \\"She\\"), but this does not effect the Compilation. In fact one of the remixes ,\\"Black Diamond\\", is very good with the extended acoustic beginning featuring an added clean guitar played over the acoustic guitar like the live version(most likely by Paul Stanley). Like I mentioned before this compilation is important in many ways and Ironic in many ways because after this CD was released Kiss went 3 years releasing Candy coated Pop music albums that alienated KISS fans who were with the band from 1974-1978. It was almost like saying \\"Here's a gift to our fans that stuck with us from 1974-1978, now enjoy our new direction\\" (See Spinal Tap - Mach 2 and you'll know what I mean \\"THIS IS DEREK SMALLS, HE WROTE THIS! \\"). Additionally KISS released solo albums in 1978 in which 2 out of the 4 are must haves (Ace Frehley and Paul Stanley). So to sum it all up, this is the definitive KISS Compilation to buy. Forget GREATEST KISS, SMASHES THRASHES & HITS and any other Compilation released around the world (KILLERS, CHIKARA) because they don't even come close to defining what KISS truly was which was a vastly overlooked band as far as the music was concerned with most people opting to pay more attention to image.KISS released solo albums in 1978 in which 2 out of the 4 are must haves (Ace Frehley and Paul Stanley). So to sum it all up, this is the definitive KISS Compilation to buy. Forget GREATEST KISS, SMASHES THRASHES & HITS and any other Compilation released around the world (KILLERS, CHIKARA) because they don't even come close to defining what KISS truly was which was a vastly overlooked band as far as the music was concerned with most people opting to pay more attention to image.
B00004TL21|2.0|. . . It's like, I listened to some of this album at a friend's house.  Are all of us listening to the same thing or do I just not comprehend people's musical tastes anymore?  I really try SO hard to see WHAT is so damned special about bands like Tool, the Deftones, Rage Against the Machine, Beck and the Dave Matthews Band.  I really do.  I listen and listen and listen.  People, I've got nothing, I'm sorry.  I cannot find a single intriguing thing about ANY of these groups.  Boring songs, unspectacular songwriting, forgettable albums in general . . . . no aesthetic value at all.<br />White Pony is no exception.  People must have a skewered idea of what heaviness is supposed to sound like.  &quot;knife prty&quot; was built up to be a song that borders on death metal.  Alas, that border is ocean sized.  &quot;Change&quot; is just cookie cutter music with emo-ish vocals.  What's so genius about that?  Granted, I'll take the Deftones over any of the other homiecore acts polluting music today, but this band really isn't that great.  Their songs are only average.  There's no genius or inventive stuff here, just a bunch of bland alt-rock with distortion.  <br />Even though I find both Tool and the Deftones vastly overrated, it's easy to see why people would elevate them to geniuses considering who their up against.  It only gets two stars for an honest attempt even though the originality is pretty much put on autopilot.
0446525537|2.0|The first Nicholas Sparks book that I read was The Notebook.  What a wonderful novel, which pulled me along and kept me reading right through to the end nonstop.  Then came Message in a Bottle.  I really enjoyed it, too.  Not quite as much as the first book, but it definitely had its good points.  Unfortunately, A Walk to Remember truly disappointed me.  I don't know if it was the tacky setup in the prologue which told me that he was planning to manipulate my emotions right from the start or if it was just the story itself.  I didn't laugh.  I didn't cry.  I believe Mr. Sparks does a much better job of telling a story when he is NOT doing it with the sole intent of emotional maneuvering.  I read it and found myself thinking that my 12-year-old daughter might enjoy it when I finished it.
B0000029DD|5.0|This is a wonderful album, by a very talented young musician.  He has the voice of a sorrowful angel, and I believe he  still sings in many peoples hearts.  Obviously his music touched me, and I believe it will touch many others.  If you have not heard of him, you need to.
B000000H3W|5.0|Alongside Metallica's Master of Puppets this one is one of the best thrash metal albums. If you like this type of music buy it.
B00004T8RK|5.0|For anyone who loved Ten, and liked vs., this is the album that should have followed after that.  Forget vitalogy and whatever other crap they made in between, this is the real deal.  This is music form their heart and soul.  This is classic Pearl Jam.  This is classic eddie vedder.  I realize Eddie thought the mumbling was cool for a little while, but this is what he had in his soul.  This is music.  This album will speak to you.  Buy the damn thing in a store, online, tape it from a friend, or get it on Napster, but you'll kick yourself later for not having it.
0805047905|5.0|According to DECODEnglish! ... This is Eric Carle's easiest book for children to read.<br />This book's linguistic complexity -- considering explicit pronunciation, spelling, and reading skills -- ranks similar to these other Amazon best-sellers:<br />Bathtime for Biscuit (Alyssa Capucilli); Polar Bear, Polar Bear, What Do You Hear? (Eric Carle); The Foot Book (Dr. Seuss); Watch Your Step, Mr. Rabbit! (Richard Scarry); No, David! (David Shannon); Each Peach Pear Plum (Janet Ahlberg)
B00000JCB2|2.0|This one is not nearly as good as the 1st one. When it first came out I dodn't think it had thay sound I like in it. This one is more rap than rock I mean c'mon, the first one's got some screaming in it and is actually rock. How could he just sing plain rap in this one.So this proves that Limp Bizkit has really gotten Limp and will never again be a rock band.
B00004U30D|5.0|Right now, I'm watching a scene from this movie for the umpteenth time. I think it's the best movie I've ever seen. Perhaps it's because I can identify so well with Lester Burnham. There are so many truths of life here. However, if you're not a boomer, you may not get it.
B0000073BG|5.0|This 1975 album featuring the nine-part 25-minute \\"Song of Scheherazade\\" suite is certainly the most ambitious effort by the progressive (nee classical) rock band Renaissance, recorded with a chorus and members of the London Symphony Orchestra.  Personally, my favorite Renaissance album was \\"Turn of the Card,\\" issued the year before this one, which is admittedly a much more atypical work for the group, but the consensus of opinion certainly seems to suggest this is the most popular album among the learned gentry.<br />The songs on the \\"first side\\" of the album certainly make this the strongest album by virtue of the fact that they are all well above average tracks.  \\"Trip to the Fair\\" is another showcase for the wondrous voice of Annie Haslam, \\"The Vultures Fly High\\" presents a nice change of pace, and \\"Ocean Gypsy\\" is one of those lush songs you expect from Renaissance.  Consequently, this is the one album (besides the live recording of their Carnegie Hall concert) on which you are not inclined to skip tracks.<br />The \\"Song of Scheherzade\\" was inspired by Michael Dunford's fascination with the \\"1001 Tales of the Arabian Nights\\" and consists of nine distinct but cohesive movements.  The work is unique because it represents a rare example of musical collaboration between Dunford and the rest of the group.  Dunford and lyricist Betty Thatcher wrote the three vocal sections, keyboard player John Tout wrote the opening fanfare and fugue sections, with bass player Jon Camp working with Dunford and Tout on the other sections.  The orchestrations were arranged by Tony Cox.  Like similar efforts by other progressive rock groups (e.g., Emerson, Lake &amp; Palmer's \\"Karn Evil 9\\" from \\"Brain Salad Surgery), the Scheherzade Suite represents the great heights \\"rock\\" music could attain when it broke away from the radio play format.<br />I have heard in the past that Dunmore and Thatcher were trying to turn their cantata into a musical, similar to what Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice did with the original children's cantata version of \\"Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat,\\" but apparently that effort, if not abandoned at this point, has yet to reach fruition.d Tim Rice did with the original children's cantata version of \\"Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat,\\" but apparently that effort, if not abandoned at this point, has yet to reach fruition.
1561007919|1.0|This story wouldn't even make a good Roadrunner cartoon - the plot is too weak, the characters too unbelievable, and the physics are from some other dimension. Forget the fact that people don't act and react as these characters were written.  Forget the extreme odds of the events that can only charitably be called &quot;coincidences&quot;.  Forget the excruiating &quot;technical&quot; details that don't match the real world.  One is still left with just plain unbelievable physics.    Just one physical impossibility (out of dozens) to prove the point.  A ton of unstable dynamite inside a panel truck explodes completely vaporizing the truck without cratering the road its rolling over; and the explosion doesn't even damage a helicopter hovering less than 75 yards away.  (Comparison: look what happened to the truck, road and building in Oklahoma)     The only reason I finished this audio book was that I had nothing else to listen to on a long trip.  And, after the first ten minutes it became a game to count how many totally stupid things the author was going to say.
0449227421|5.0|An excellent book. The best I have ever read. By the way is there any information about psychologist(woman) before the book is written, I know it is fiction. Let us think what kind of life she has before.
0679847367|5.0|Many of us grew up with Dr. Seuss,but did any of us ever think of how much his stories could help us relate to the real world?  Oh, The Places You'll Go!, does exactly that. It is an inspirational book for all ages from a child beginning his or her first day of school to the college graduate. Dr. Seuss's whimsical book takes an optimistic look at life and its ups and downs or as he puts it, &quot;Bang-ups and hang-ups can happen to you.&quot; In this book, his lovable and memorable rhymes are encouraging as well as entertaining and tongue twisting. In the end, he makes us all believe that we will succeed and yes, &quot;Kid, you'll move mountains!&quot;
B000002MZ9|4.0|This is my first Young album and it's a great opener. This a cd that sounds like a live concert for the most part- a good concert. This is definetely a great guitar album. Though I will say this is some of the most on the mark drum work I have ever heard and that surprised me. This work by Jack Irons is actually easily compared to Mitch Mitchell and Lars Ulrich. Pear Jam is in collaboration but check this credit list out from this 55 minute album- Neil Young- acoustic and electric guitars- 95 percent of the lyrics- pump organ and vocals:Gossard-E.Guitar-Ament-B. Guitar-McCready-e. guitar- Brendan O'brien [ producer of pj records and background musician ]-Background vocals-e.guitar-piano [ really rough pounding piano ] Eddie Vedder- some background vocals [ I couldn't distinguish his voice from O'brien's] And a few lines of lyrics that he wrote. This must hurt- none of his other musical abilities were featured and if I didn't know he was singing back up- I wouldn't have figured it out. He may be the one in his band with the most admiration and love of Young and even though the rest of his band and even his former producer are playing with Young- Eddie barely is. That really surprised me and even dissappointed me a little bit. This album is powerful just the same though, and I don't know how it compares to other Young albums though I will soon, but I can say it's not country- it's totally electrified in case you wondered. Young gets nostalgic and political and remains a potent player and vocalist with interesting words and unusual skill with ryhmes. This is not a dissappointment at all even though it does not sound polished.I bought it partly for Pearl Jam and partly out of being impressed with the VH1 biography of Young and CSYN storytellers, I heard a different side of Young than what was featured. This was just as good though, and I suggest it to PJ fans and anyone who wants a great bashing guitar album.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Amazingly I heard the sample from &quot;Thank You&quot; on Eminem's album, and had to know you the soft spoken voice belonged to on Em's &quot;Stan&quot; was.  After learning who it was, I quickly downloaded 3 songs from Napster.  And after sampling the 3 songs,I knew I had to have the CD.  Thank you Dido.  Thank you Napster.  The album is absolutely exquisite.  I couldn't possibly compare an artist of this magnitude to any other.  She stands far,and away, on her own.
B000001OAA|4.0|I bought this record, to be honest because I had a crush on Shirley Manson and her voice. I doubted I would care for the music and I doubted the lyrics and music would be all that good, I thought I had just woefully but an electronic dance beat record with one or two quality songs tops. It turns out though that this is actually one of the better modern bands. It's also an album from a group that I have and will buy more for, not to mention one of the most poetic albums with as much pop potential as any other band and album of it's time with as much quality. This is a well produced- well layed out album with great talent. It's one of the biggest most pleasant surprises I've had as a consumer of a great deal music. It's worth every Penny.
0060245867|5.0|Reading this book to my two daughters gives them the giggles.  They have memorized every phrase in the book.  If you give a mouse a cookie then......he'll probably ask for a glass of milk.  It's a cute and funny book for the kids.  A top recommend.
6303109950|5.0|as a former resident and city councilwoman of Tombstone, I can tell you this movie created the greatest excitement in a long time..while not historicaal factual in all things, it is the most entertaining of all the Earpiana movies..a must see for western fans
0064430170|5.0|My sister had kids before me and always mentioned Goodnight Moon.  Of course, I ignored her.  Now being a mother of two, I can't stop singing the praises of this book.  From the time by daughters were about 6 months old they loved this book.  The way your voice sounds with the cadence of the story.  I buy it for all my friends who are having kids.  It's a must for every mother.
6300215512|5.0|How could I have missed such an amazing movie for so long? Maybe because it's become such a presence in our cultural landscape that the concept seemed &quot;old.&quot; Maybe it's the poor imitators. <br />I haven't been sucked in by a movie like this in ages. Wow. I'm still staggering. All of the acting is amazing. The jaded characters. The tragic moments when Gloria Swanson re-experiences, for short periods, the thrills that she's been living for. It is so amazingly haunting. This movie is so much more than the famous ending line. <br />I am so grateful that this film didn't meet the same fate as Queen Kelly (the film that Norma and Joe watch in her house). Somebody should be doing something special for this film's 50th anniversary.
B00003CXGP|4.0|I've heard people call this movie horrible.  They say it is stupid and pointless.  First of all, I bet there expectations were not met when the film was over.  Of course most people won't like something that is not like something they've seen before!  (I'm not saying all movies that are different are good)  I work at a video store and most people who rent, rent garbage and like it.  When something like this comes along, they don't like it and tell all of their friends its stupid and to not watch it.  So if you are a person who likes to see the same junk over and over again, rent or buy Stigmata. For those who want something challenging, ignore your dumb friends and try this film out.  By the way, Christian Bale did an excellent job and its hard to believe he is the same person as he was in EMPIRE OF THE SUN!
0792842073|5.0|Dead Man Walking is a masterpiece of realism, emotional intensity, and balance. This is neither a pontificating storm against capital punishment nor a sentimental look at the murderer's &quot;point of view.&quot; The cinematic device of cutting from scenes of dialogue between Helen and the prisoner to those of the horrible rape and murder have incredible impact - conflict is enormous, but Helen's ability to have Christian love for one she is ... not sure she can like is a powerful echo of the forgiving words of the Lord she follows.<br />No point of view is not set forth strongly - including the victim's parents, prison authorities, protestors for both points of view, dedicated but occasionally naive religious Sisters, and bitter prisoner who, until the last moments of his life, insists on his innocence. The ending (on which I shall not comment, not to spoil it for new viewers) unexpectedly brought me to tears.
B00000612P|5.0|Rod Stewart's 1971 album &quot;Every Picture Tells A Story&quot; is one of the best, most original, most intense, most honest, most uplifting, most spiritual, most youthful, most listenable, most playable, most awesome albums ever recorded. I love this album and it has been one of my favorites ever since I bought it over a decade ago. I have a very deep passion for it. I cannot really put it in words - those who love the album know what I am talking about. <br />Just about everything that Rod Stewart has done in the past 25 years sucks. I cannot think of a better example of a singer going from super-good to super-bad.
B00003Q438|5.0|James Cameron is a great writer and director, and The Abyss is one of his best works. I could tell you all about the story, the cast, the performances, the special effects but there plenty of reviews here that cover that stuff and I am in agreement with the majority. The reason I am adding my opinion to this is that I want to point out why this DVD edition is superior to all others. The 1st disk offers you a viewing choice of either theatrical release or special addition (go with the latter). While this is standard fare, the menu is exquisite! Before watching the movie I went straight to the extra materials and I was amazed. In exploring the 2nd disk of extra material I found more information than I could have imagined. Behind the scenes footage, documentaries, stills and storyboards are just the tip of the iceberg! I really enjoyed the 7 minute time-lapse construction of the underwater set (uniuon work never went so fast before... lol). There are hidden movie trailers for other Cameron works (True Lies, Aliens and Strange Days) and it can become a fun obsession trying to find them all. The DVD has an amazing interactive menu that begs to be explored, and the additional content goes beyond any other DVD I have seen or purchased! In my opinion, this is why the format is superior to all others and The Abyss has finally received the treatment it deserves. This one is a keeper!
B000001ELR|5.0|This is their best since Love Gun. I Love It Loud, War Machine, Creatures Of The Night, and Keep Me Comin' are absolutely fabulous. I Love It Loud is far better than Rock N Roll All Nite. I listen to this CD all the time. It is essential to buy this album. War Machine was even thrashed to by Beavis and Butthead. They would not rock this hard until Revenge.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is the best cd ever. Dre is the best rapper. you have to buy this cd. If you like this cd then I would reccomand Kid Rock: the history of rock and Eminum, get this cd.
B000002LUB|5.0|Dehumanizer is a concept recording dealing with the evils of modern technology.This is truly a heavy and powerful offer from what I believe was the best of all of Sabbath's lineups.Dio's masterful voice with Iommi and Butler's great riffs make \\"Dehumanizer\\" a classic.From the opening\\"Computer God\\" we have a heavy evil sounding riff with Dio's bounding voice.\\"Letters from Earth\\" and \\"Time Machine\\" are also powerful,pounding songs.A favorite of mine is \\"T.V. Crimes\\" a brilliant attack on dishonest TV preachers and charletans who enslave the minds of their followers. Some other great tunes are \\"Sins of the Father\\" which has a great riff. Two of my favorites are the sociopathic \\"I\\" with it's nihlistic and narcissitic lyrics. Next is a hard pounding, powerful song called \\"Buried Alive\\" which is an attack on organized religion and it's destruction of the happiness of people. Dio's voice is a screaming, angry powerhouse on this track!    If your a fan of the Sabbath,especially the Dio era,this is a must for your collection.The \\"reunion\\" with Ozzy is not the reunion I think would be the best.Bring back Mr. Dio and his brilliant songwriting.Dio and Iommi together are the best Sabbath has offered.This brings them back to the glory days of \\"Heaven and Hell\\" and \\"Mob Rules\\".This is powerful stuff,don't pass up\\"Dehumanizer\\".    Since I wrote this review seven years ago, my dreams have come true. Sabbath is back with their best singer and frontman Ronnie James Dio as \\"Heaven and Hell\\". Their tour has been a huge success and they are back stronger than ever. If you want to re connect with this era, \\"Dehumanizer\\" would be a great start!
B00004RF98|5.0|&quot;Singing in the Rain&quot; is a moment of pure joy captured on film.  I can never get over the look on Gene Kelly's face when he sings that classic line.  It make me smile along with him everytime.<br />This has got to be one of the happiest movies I have seen.  Not silly or funny or goofy (well, there is a little bit of that), but just plain happy.  Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds are excellent as three chums hatching a plan.  These three conspirators want to save the silent movie dud &quot;The Dueling Cavalier&quot; by changing it into a musical.  The roadblock to their success is the spoiled starlet, Lina Lamont (Jean Hagen, nominated for Best Supporting Actress for this role) who's squeaky voice and lack of talent are set to tank the picture.<br />The plot, while fun, takes second place to the astounding musical numbers.  &quot;Good Morning, Good Mo-r-ning, We've talked the whole night though, Good Morning, Good Morning to you.&quot; (one of my favorites).  &quot;Make 'em Laugh&quot; does just that, with Donald O'Connor strutting his vaudeville stuff.  &quot;Broadway Melody&quot;  (also known as &quot;Gotta Dance&quot;) is a mesmerizing duet with Gene Kelly and Cyd Charisse .  That particular piece is studied in dance history courses and considered a major work of American dance.<br />But at the end, it all comes down to &quot;Singing in the Rain.&quot;  What a wonderful thing, watching Gene Kelly splashing around in the puddles.  Happiness caught on film.
0790736314|5.0|i just saw this movie in the movie theatre the other day and it is most definatly the scarriest movie i have ever seen. unlike todays movies, this was actually scary and not some movie about a guy dressed in black with a mask on and a knife in his hand.In my 12 year life there has not been a thing that scared me more than this movie. Definatly go see/rent/buy this movie, i promise you will like it.
0385484518|5.0|I had heard all of the reviews, and reluctantly picked-up the book to see what all of the hub-bub was about.  From the moment I opened it, I could not put it down.  This little book is packed with such beautifully written, life enhancing wisdom.  I would recommend it to friends.  PLEASE read this book!
B00004X01U|5.0|This is a great album. i like it very much. Madonna returns with newer music, according to her &quot;this is the sound of the future&quot; with touches by french producer Mirwais Ahmadzai and english producer William Orbit. if you like new music like dance and techno, this is the album for you. lots of new music materials and special effects used in this album such as impressive vocoder effects on &quot;Nobody Perfect&quot;. &quot;Amazing&quot; sounds very much like &quot;beautiful stranger&quot; and &quot;runaway lover&quot; is surely a good track to dance to it. maybe this is a remake of last year's award winning &quot;ray of light&quot;. my favourite track &quot;don't tell me&quot; is actually i think better than &quot;music&quot;. hey check this album out!
0684833395|5.0|I was made to read this book as a class assignment way back when and for once I was grateful!Very humorous and deep with an odd kind of spiraling writing style. The &quot;anti-war or not&quot; discussion is always hot on this satire classic and it's my bet the author would be proud of it.To me the war itself was the central Catch-22;the war that no one wishes to fight MUST be fought.Men who do not wish to kill MUST or be killed by other men with no wish to kill them...etc.I don't think it's anti-war necessarily;just against the pure acceptance of the idea without regret.The Armed Forces,war movies,Tom Clancy books,etc. never seem to acknowledge that in every heroic soldier there is probably a little Yossarian wondering how this all happened and why he must be a part of it(I thought Yosarrian found the other characters insane because he was the only one who questioned why they was there).I think it is the genius(and bravery)of writers like Joseph Heller and Kurt Vonnegut to HIGHLIGHT this and keep wars (and war movies...) from becoming like Lieutenant Scieisskopf's parades: all looks and no truth.One of my favorites.Now tell me why I'm wrong!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Great movie, I thought from the title and knowing nothing about this that this movie would really suck. What a delightful suprise, one of the better movies i have seen in a year or so.
B000002J23|4.0|»Drama« is the 'bastard' among Yes albums. Because it is the only one not featuring Jon Anderson's lead vocal. Instead, Trevor Horn is behind the mike. Well, he might not be as unique a singer as Anderson - but honestly, he's the only possible substitute. His voice is quite OK and fit for Yes' music.<br />And the album contains some truly great songs. I always found there's something special about »Machine Messiah«. It is a great 10-minute composition!<br />»Into The Lens« (which in a shorter version by Trevor Horn's band The Buggles became a hit under the tile »I Am A Camera«) has its own charm as well. Typically for the songs on »Drama«, it has a larger amount of synth elements and therefore a more electronic touch than we are used to from Yes.<br />The album is concluded by the speedy, rocking, Yes'ish and even funny »Tempus Fugit«.<br />»Drama« is not at all that bad, just because Jon Anderson is absent. It is a brilliant album!
0792844793|3.0|I first heard about this movie from Entertainment Weekly's special &quot;The 100 Greatest Movies of All Time&quot; book, which listed Blue Velvet as number 37 (putting it above masterpieces like Schindler's List, Apocalypse Now, Taxi Driver, North By Northwest, and many others).  So I got it and watched it a couple of times, and now I'm at a loss to say what I think about it.  I'll start by saying that EW is very, very wrong about Blue Velvet being the 37th best movie ever made; that's just ridiculous.  Certainly the film has moments of greatness, especially when Dennis Hopper shows up, but there are too many stretches that just aren't entertaining or interesting at all.  It starts out extremely well, with a few tongue-in-cheek shots of ludicrous suburban happiness giving way to insects eating each other just beneath the surface of the perfectly tended grass; this easily could have been the beginning of a brilliant dark comedy about the dishonesty and pretension of middle-class America.  But then it stops being funny and starts just being weird nonsense that perhaps has meaning for David Lynch but can never be fully understood by anyone else.  The film doesn't know if it wants to be a satire or a serious drama or just a collection of impressionistic images like Lynch's Eraserhead, so it just ends up being boring.  I was dozing pretty much all through the scene late in the film where MachLachlan and Dern dance and kiss.  And as beautiful as the cinematography and directing are (it's worth seeing at least once), I really don't see why so many critics and fans love Blue Velvet so much.  It's just an okay movie that had a lot of potential but couldn't make up its mind about what it wanted to say.  I wanted it to be more than that, but that's really all it is.
0783226004|5.0|I writing this review for reason of making up for all the other reviews that didn't give it 5 stars. You can't judgge every movie on how emotionally significant it is. Some movies are just Fun to watch; like Sneakers.   I'm an avid fan of movies and I usually watch my favorites to death. But Sneakers has had that effect on me, I watch it. and watch it. And constantly enjoy the splendid characters, tireless classic lines, and a sense of thrill/suspence that never fades.
B00004WKII|4.0|The song quality and breadth of included music are this boxset's strength. However, it does not live up to its billing as a collection of unreleased, unavailable recordings. Many of these selections are out there already. <br />The songs included in this collection have a finished feel.  It lacks the exprovisational and experimenting character captured in studio outtakes, live recordings and other such rare goodies that one comes across in less high profile record stores.<br />The collections captures Hendrix's power, and creativity, but fails to capture the real miracle of what he was doing and how he came to do it.
B00004X01U|5.0|What can I say?  I bought this album the day of release and have since grown to love it so much that it chalked its way up my &quot;Favorite Madonna Albums&quot; list...all the way to number three.  Its only competitors are &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; and &quot;Erotica&quot; as far as I'm concerned.  &quot;Music&quot; starts the album off with a bang, already proving to be a number one single for the Material Girl.  &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; and &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; use suductive dance floor techniques to smooth out their interesting techno.  The real gem on the album, in my opinion, is &quot;I Deserve It,&quot; which is a ballad bleeding with satisfaction.  &quot;Amazing&quot; is a terrific spin off of &quot;Beautiful Stranger,&quot; and &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; uses amazing musical structures to lather Madonna's voice in ecstacy.  &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; would have to be my second favorite on the record, a wonderful choice for her next single, and &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot; enters the I'm-a-girl-and-your-not-ha-ha-ha realm with some great lyrical structure.  &quot;Paradise (Not For Me)&quot; is a real spectacle in itself among the album's other versatile tracks, leaving a quiet space for &quot;Gone.&quot;  An excellent way to have closed the album, the song is very listenable and very Madonna.          I've been a Madonna fan for about 10 years and this album proves that she's still going strong.  It's also her first album-single #1 sharing since the &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; album and single hit the summits.  All in all, &quot;Music&quot; is very, very enjoyable.  I recommend it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|So, Moby's songs from this disc are on television commercials and movies, and people here are writing about how listening to this disc by Moby is like finding God and how they've now come to listening to techno thereby....<br />To anyone who is an electronic purist, with a shelf full of Plaid and Datach'i and Kid Koala and a bunch of discs from Ninja Tune or Warp or whatever, this CD is something of a disgrace. To anyone who opposes preachy liner notes and self-righteousness, Moby is a disgrace. Nevertheless, there is a reason that it is a huge commercial success. It's got catchy tunes and makes people happy; it's not rife with the kinds of inside jokes and smugness that make Aphex Twin so good to some and so misunderstood to many.<br />The reason that it's had so much success is that it is a pop album. Moby takes catchy tunes and then places them on top of a soundscape that people can relate too. Artistically (speaking as if this were a classical album) he's got more in common with Gerswhin than Berlio, more in common with N-SYNC than... well... I'm not going to disgrace this review with discussion of popular boy bands....<br />Who would I recommend this album too? 'Grown-ups' who want to listen to new, different music that they need to be not sad. Kids who are into music that kids are traditionally into. I do like this album: I bought it for my Mom, even. It makes her happy. <br />As for myself, although it turns my stomach to think that Moby is hailed as some kind of artistic genuius for this particular work, I can still give it props for what it is. And, then, I can go back into my corner, sit with my friends and a Squarepusher EP that few people have heard of, and whine that it has had so much success.....
B00004YC2F|4.0|This concerto has always been my favorite even in my youth and I have played through it myself over the years. Mr. Volodos is a pianist that I have great admiration for and was at his Carnegie Hall debut as well as when he played this concerto at Avery Fisher Hall under Riccardo Chailly. I distinctly remember his performace then as well as his encore, his own Turkish March paraphrase. He is a wonderful pianist with an incredible technique and those performances were a high point for me. Unfortunately this cd although very good and full of warmth and lucsious tone doesn't possess the drive and excitement witnessed that night. He appears to have toned down somewhat. I enjoyed this cd but it doesn't supplant the many other fine performances out there even though I know he certainly has the capacity to do so. This concerto was written for someone with his kind of mechanism and could have easily been placed at the top, (at least in recent performances). I must concede that I will still head for the Argerich, Horowitz, and of course Rachmaninoff's own performance. Perhaps we will have the luxury of a future performance by Arcadi that will not be geared for the masses and he will set the piano on fire like he is capable of. The balance of the cd is filled with solo works played with taste, tone and style and will please all.
0140282033|5.0|&quot;We came on the winds of the carnival.&quot;<br />So begins Joanne Harris' novel, &quot;Chocolat&quot;, and from this intriguing first sentance, she weaves a rich tale that captured me from the first page. I had never heard of this book until I saw that Lasse Halstrom had taken it under his wing for filming, and I first found it in a shop in Portland. I read half of it, standing there, in two hours that day, and found it this summer at my library, from where it helped me through a very odd and hard night.<br />Enough background. <br />The tale is a &quot;good versus evil&quot; one, but not the way it woud appear at first glance: A wanderer woman, her daughter, and Pantoufle, Anouk's guardian sprite (you'll see) move into the small French town of Lansqenet-sous-Tannes during Lent and open La Celeste Praline, a chocolate shop - but one that is far more than a chocolate shop, as along with knowing everyone's favorites, Vianne has the witchblood in her, and she has the sight as well. Of course, the town's priest, Francis Reynaud, does not like this.<br />Even though these two are perhaps the amin characters, they are in no way the only developed ones. There is Josephine Muscat, abused and frightened by her husband. There is Armande, the town's grande dame and the only one to stand up to Francis. There is Caroline Clairmont, who despairs of the shop as much for her religion as for her waistline and who has been taught to hate differences. There is her son Luc, who reads Rimbaud and stutters.  And then there are the gypsies, the &quot;river people&quot;, come in their houseboats to live for awhile. The color and festivity they bring with them are condemned by the priest, who becomes psychopathic and can think only of ridding the town of them and Vianne. Among the gypsies, there is: Zezette, who has a baby and wears oddly beautiful things, Blanche, given to red dirndles, and Roux....so called because of his hair, a red-gold the color of marigolds at sunset. [SOS to Halstrom: NO! no!!! Change that please-!!!!]<br />The conflicts, fears, alliances, and beliefs that are shaken up and created during this period of time are what this book is. <br />Not to skim over the chocolates, which after all are the soul of the book. To take something literally seen, in this day of KATE MOSS, and convert it into the &quot;good&quot; side is a masterstroke. It is, after all, not denial which will ultimatley make you holy. You may not be able to resist the siren song of the cocoa bean while reading. <br />Seductive, in a word. <br />One more thing I found especially wonderful is Harris' repeated useage of the Tarot to symbolize essences of people and circumstances, occasionally hinting at what is to come through this. Every person in the book may be seen, in essence, as one of the Tarot, though figuring some is very hard. <br />I cannot reccommend this book any higher, though I mean it when I say that if there were 10 stars here, this would get that many and more from me.<br />Read it. It is a dream.<br />And go see the movie!!<br />the winds still sing, they pull.
B000005AYM|5.0|You know that feeling when you make up in the morning after ten hours sleep and you know that those ten hours have been absolute bliss for you, and you want to have the same feeling for the day thats ahead of you. Well, thats how I felt after the listening to this whole album.      While listening to the first two tracks (the gentle bop of &quot;Rimshot&quot; to the swinging bluse of &quot;On &amp; On&quot;), this will make you automatically feel so comfy on the seat that you're sitting on. When the bassline of &quot;Otherside Of The Game&quot; hums out, your heart will absolutely ooze with emotion.  Not only is The Root's production of every track just pristine clean, but its Miss Badu's voice that gets my hat off. She doesn't so much sing with it as she does BLEED with it. Her lyrics really make you think about people and what they mean to you. There are also funk jazz tracks that will get you on your feet and bounce to the rhythm, like &quot;Certainly&quot; and &quot;4 Leaf Clover&quot;.      On the whole, this album isn't just one of the pinnacles of the R&amp;B genre, it defies the artists that work in the genre. For me, I've a few lessons on life through this album. I've never had the pleasure of falling in love, but this album definitely shows what I'm missing out on.
B00004XPQL|4.0|Fine direction, editing, acting, and story make this film different from other teen slasher flicks.<br />The premise, young student on his way to Paris on a class trip sees forshadowing of horrible in flight disaster... Being thrown off the plane (with select others), only to find his vision become a reality.  Here's where the film begins.  Isn't it really their time to die too?  Can they cheat death?<br />With having seen so many horror films in my lifetime, this one really was full of frights, jumps and jolts.  <br />The dream/plane crash scene was so intense it one day should studied in film school like the classic shower scene in PSYCHO.<br />Ranks with some of the best of 'em.  Don't miss it!
0783243499|1.0|I would give this movie 0 stars if it was allowed. I have seen many movies in my life and this is without a doubt one of the worst. If you like bad movies, watch this one.
6302968143|4.0|We have rented this movie about 1000 times.  This is the movie my 3 year old wants to rent everytime we go to the movie rental store.  It is a funny movie with lots of neat special effects that kids of all ages enjoy.  The only negative thing I can say about it is that the word &quot;virgin&quot; is used several times in the movie.  When my 9 year old asked me what that word meant, I had a hard time answering her.  Other than that, I really like the movie alot.
B000002KO1|5.0|If I try to name the girl-rockers before Chrissie Hynde, the list is fairly short: Suzi Quarto, Joan Jett, Lita Ford and Patti Smith - that's about it. However, a post-Chrissie Hynde list would be too long for here. I'm not certain if Chrissie paved the road for ladies in rock, but the statement has considerable validity. When Chrissie appeared on the scene in 1980 with Pretenders I, the rules of the rock ball game were discarded, then rewritten. Like Patti Smith, Chrissie Hynde is a take-charge no-excuses babe - composer and lyricist, guitar heroine, and band leader. Pretenders I challenged the High Priestess Poet (Patti Smith) on her own terms - Chrissie is straightforward, seductive and tough as nails - the toughest guy in the band. The other guy-bands shook in their high-heeled boots, and rightly so. Chrissie's combination of testosterone and lace is threatening, intense and compelling.<br />The band sounds perilous, foreboding, and about one minute away from self-destruction. They tear through six bass-driven rockers with the brawn of an eighteen-wheeled Peterbuilt. The presentation is essentially &quot;live&quot; with screaming lead guitars, jangling rhythm work, and the practically antique &quot;real' drum kit . Post-production studio trickery and overdubs are limited giving the album an &quot;I'm there&quot; ambiance.<br />Three Pop tracks during the second half of the album lighten the heavy duty rock: 'Stop Your Sobbing,' 'Kid,' and 'Brass In Pocket.' 'Stop Your Sobbing' and 'Kid' are sparkling sixties Girl Group Pop reminiscent of Sandie Shaw. The band screams and thunders when called, but is also capable of bouncing and jangling gingerly. Chrissie's voice is a soulful and convincing multi-persona instrument: cute and sweet (Stop Your Sobbing, Kid), self-reliant and sexually aggressive (Precious, Tattooed Love Boys, Boys), and sardonic (Private Life). Pretenders I ends properly with a rock tour de force (Mystery Achievement).<br />For my money, there areonly three ladies in rock who matter: Patti Smith, Chrissie Hynde and (not until seven years later) a girl in a print cotton dress and combat boots - but that's a different review.
B000001ESP|5.0|Thank WhateverDivineEntity you can!  First off, those missing 1.5 seconds at the front of \\"Tom Sawyer\\" (that is, missing on the old Mercury release, 800 048-2) are *back* on the remaster, that bass drum thump and full cymbal crash launching the tune we know and love from vinyl days.  Don't forget, this is the album with the pathbreakingly HUGE, tight drum sounds panning the stereo spectrum, a marvelous work of engineering that launched the 80s and turned heads.  (Drummer Neil Peart went on record somewhere explaining how raw/bloody his hands were after recording \\"Tom Sawyer\\" and a few other tunes.  This is something the current digital drum machine generation needs to hear to understand.)<br />  Second, I was wondering how much difference the remastering quality would make.  Answer:  Tons.  Things are so much leaner, crisper;  the instruments revel in greater clarity without sacrificing that analog warmth of their mixture, and Ged's voice envelopes your skull-there's a lot of forward presence/depth to the remaster that makes the previous CD issue of MP sound, well, limp.  (I A/B'd it several times to make sure it wasn't me hallucinating with a flu.)  On YYZ, Neil's percussive fills cut through much better and Ged's creamily distorted bass solo is clear as day, keeping you on the edge of your seat like the first time you heard it, maybe even dumping you on the floor out of distraction.  Guitarists and listeners alike will absolutely love the band's classic, driving moments in \\"Red Barchetta\\" and \\"Limelight\\", warmer and clearer than ever, as well as the greater \\"umph\\" to the darker, moodier tunes of \\"Witch Hunt\\" and \\"Vital Signs.\\"  Even \\"The Camera Eye\\" come alive-mind you, I always thought Camera Eye was good, interesting from a textural point of view, but not as exceptional compared to the rest of a phenomenal album...and the sonic clarity of the remaster brings it up several notches.<br />  Note:  hearing the remaster difference is enhanced by turning up the volume(oddly enough :) and by a decent component system-I strongly doubt you're going to hear that much of a difference on a boom box, but feel free to prove me wrong. :)  I'd be interested to hear how the _Moving Pictures_ remaster stacks up against the earlier Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs gold CD version, but I hear that those lovely people in the record industry did a most unfortunately thorough job of shutting the MFSL folks down, so the remaster is by far the best (and only) way to go to put this classic in your collection.<br />  Bottom line:  there hasn't been a better time to replace your vinyl of Rush's finest moment, let alone that scarred version of MP that Mercury dumped on us minus quality control in the 1980s.  Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go replay \\"Limelight,\\" \\"Witch Hunt,\\" \\"Red Barchetta,\\" and \\"Vital Signs\\" a few thousand times to celebrate...
0790749815|5.0|WOW!  (now multiply that &quot;WOW!&quot; 982 more times and that sums up the movie and this DVD).
B000002NIW|5.0|This is my favorite deftones album. Also, one of my favorite albums in general.
0792846710|4.0|Beginning with its wildly entertaining theme song, this 1980's version of &quot;It Came From Outer Space&quot; could also be considered similar to &quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still&quot; if the maniac clowns actually succeed!  The main difference between this movie and the earlier classics is . . . There is NOTHING traditional (or even necessarily funny) about blood drinking circus performers making a mockery out of what the Ringling Brothers devoted half a century to accomplish and preserve.  However, since the very premise is so utterly ridiculous, it appeals to the darker side of those who possess the dry wit and intellectual ability to comprehend such bizarre and ironic implications!  Strictly a  guess here but it seems reasonable that admirers of this film are primarily above average in intelligence with a unique twist to their personalities.  Quite honestly, you have to be NUTS to appreciate this movie which is undoubtedly why I have watched it over 100 times since its release in 1988.  The outrageous but diligent costumes and makeup are a rare treat.  And there is notable attention to detail regarding special effects.  Yes, the plot is more than a little contrived.  Admitedly, a bunch of Bozos going on a small town killing spree and slashing up the kin folk is not for everyone.  I can't wait to see this when it's released in DVD!  This film is underrated due to its lack of universal appeal.  However, if the shoe fits, wear it--For some of us, clever gags, no matter how evil, are most essentially an affair of the heart.  It's just too bad there are not more people like us in this world.
B00004X01U|5.0|I had my doubts that madonna could follow up &quot;ray of light with something just as good, but she did.  There are two songs on &quot;ray of light that I like better than any song on her &quot;music&quot; cd....but overall, I like more of the songs on this cd than I ever did on &quot;ray of light&quot; !  In fact, I like every single song on this cd except for one which is the song &quot;Don't tell me&quot;. Besides that song, I can honestly say that all of the other songs on this cd move me in one way or another!  The  song &quot;impressive instant&quot; is one of the coolest dance songs ever!  &quot;paradise not for me&quot; is a mesmerizingly sexy mellow song, &quot;gone&quot; is a beautiful reflective type of song, &quot;nobody's perfect&quot; has a smooth sexy tone and truthful message to it, &quot;I deserve it&quot; is another smooth groove, &quot;amazing&quot; is similar sounding to beautiful stranger, but not too similar...it is very enjoyable and has ability to stand on its own.  So my overall impression is Good Job Madonna!  It's not often that I like almost every single song on an artist's cd!
B000002UAU|5.0|This has got to be the greatest album ever made, not just by the Beatles themselves, by anyone. And I was dissapointed when I saw a couple of foul reviews for this timeless masrepeice. The whole album, not only the beginning and the end, but the whole thing is a classic work of art. Nowadays people who either sing through their noses or screaming into the microphone is declaired art.<br />But let me get on with the point; this album was made during the Beatles' most inventive period. All the songs have true meanings to them: &quot;Lucy In the Sky With Diamonds&quot; relating to  psychedelica (L.S.D?), &quot;Within You Without You&quot; about Eastern Asian counter-culture, &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; about the exsausting life of an average man (I think that's how to describe it), and some that I can't really describe like that.
B000002IZ4|5.0|This album is so great.  &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot; is my all-time STP song, and the album is full of so many more.   The band is  really brilliant.
B0000028RR|5.0|5 stars.. end of story.
0876852630|4.0|&quot;Factotum&quot; written by C.Bukowski is trivial literature. The books protagonist, Henry Chinaski, is an alcoholic whose addiction determines his life. To afford women, alcohol and housing he has to accept a bunch of jobs. He is moving a lot, hunting jobs. Which goes together with starting new affaires. Often the women have the same way of life like him.  Classical music plays an important role in his life. It stands in contrast to his shabby everyday situation. &quot; Suckingsounds filled the room as my radio played Mahler.&quot;(p.37). It seems as if Chinaski wants to escape from his gloomy life into a better one. &quot; I kept handorinting shortstories by the score, got drunk, listened to Beethovens Fifth, Brahms Second...&quot;(p.65).  Although the style is repetitive, it is interesting, because the reader is given an insight of what problems an alcoholic has to face. It is also worth reading because it is not a typical story about the American Dream but it shows the other side, which some people would call &quot;failure&quot;. Reading it attentive it is obvious that the protagonist is not unhappy with his situation.
0688170528|5.0|This is by far one of the very best books I have ever read.  It made me cry many times.  It made me think about love and loss and friendship.  I couldn't put it down.  It took me less than a week to read, now I am sad that I am finished.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Oops!...Good Beat Music; Uses updated sound to get a Mars like voice as was intended since the story to this song takes place on Space.  Other songs using the same style and written by the same writer/producer Max Martin are Stronger and Lucky.  Stronger, like Gloria Gaynor's song I Will Survive is about strong independent women and should receive a good audience from women.  It's good beat music with modern music effects.  Lucky is about a sad Hollywood Star and is very well done with a nice beat and using the updated higher pitched singing style. The ballads in this CD are 9,11, and 12 shows the range in Britney voice and it's hard to imagine anyone who can make simple words and sounds as &quot;Ooh&quot; or &quot;Yeah&quot; sound so good.  She can really hit those high notes about as beautifully as any of the talent out there.  Dear Diary is especially good using some of the tricks of Mariah Carey.  Don't Let Me Be the Last To Know is Britney's joint effort with the help of Shania Twain and her producer husband Mutt.  Shania insisted Britney explore her voice and the result is unique.  Like in her first CD &quot;Born To Make You Happy&quot; she sings &quot;One Kiss From You&quot; using a lower woodsy voice. In Summary the soft music (ballads and the Twain song) show that Britney has matured using a more sophiscated range of voice that shown she has gotten better with time and her Max Martin music work shows she is capable of modernizing and doing something different and well.
B000002AHC|5.0|As a senior in high school and a college freshman, this album had a mystical hold on me.  The music is poised between the electric folk music of the early Byrds and the country rock style of their later work.  The overarching feeling is one of peace and clarity.<br />Years later, as a middle-aged family man, I am amazed that the music still stirs up the same feelings.  Unhurried, it's like a long, cold drink of clear water.  Not nostalgia, but just a return to a detached, contemplative awareness.
B000002KM6|5.0|This is without a doubt the heaviest of the Van Halen recordings.<br />That is what makes it their best. Fair Warning is just that. It's a warning!!! Saying, &quot;prepare your eardrums for some serious damage&quot;. It's unfortunate that they slowly headed south after this awesome recording. I think Diver Down was good, but it is no where near the power that F.W. displays. The songs on F.W. are the meat and potatoes of the VH era. Everyone on the planet should own a copy of Fair Warning....That's how good it is.
B000002UVX|5.0|Being a Hendrix admirer for 20 some years, I have heard most of his recordings, and performances through the different phases of his short, but vast musical legacy. <br />He was never as brilliant, as the spectacular New Years Eve 69-70 Fillmore East concerts presented on this disc.<br />This new remastered version enhances every nuance of the original. Buddy Miles drums are more alive as are Billy Cox's bass. Jimi's musicianship, and imagination flows like an endless waterfall. If you are interested in hearing Hendrix the musician instead of &quot;lighting the guitar on fire, playing with his teeth,and kicking the amps,&quot; this disc is a highly recommended buy! Turn your stereo up to 11 and check out &quot;Machine Gun&quot;,and &quot;Power Of Soul&quot;. Also check out Buddy Miles &quot;scatting&quot; in &quot;Them Changes&quot;. Jimi's ending riff in the latter is an example of the most fluid playing I've ever heard!<br />Let us not forget Buddy Miles, and Billy Cox's contribution, as I hope they get their most deserved recognition.<br />Also recomended: &quot;Live At The Fillmore East&quot;.
B000005JU3|5.0|While I don't really vibe on them as i once did this Set Captures everything I Dig about the Stones.Beast of Burden is one of the baddest cuts they have ever done.Miss You is My Jam.you can never get tired of that Jam.they did that with the Genius Of Billy Preston.this set captures their Sound.
0446310786|1.0|This book is so horrible, it's not even funny!  I have to read it for 9th grade english, and let me tell you, if the teachers ever assign you to this book prepare for complete and utter bordem and confusion!  Yuk!  I finished reading it and my mom read this book when she was 14, and she hated it too!  About everybody I have talked to has hated it!  DO NOT READ THIS BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!  I don't like these kinds of books anyway, but I was assigned to read it!  Yuk!  Try to avoid reading this book as much as possible.  Every thing in it is confusing.  It talks about one subject, and, all of a sudden, out of the blue, you are in another subject!  It is hard to follow, and there is too much information given at one time.  Try to avoid it!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Hell, I didn't even like punk...and &quot;punk&quot; DOES seem an extremely restrictive term to use referring to this music.<br />I'm well into my forties, and you'd think I'd be well past this stuff...but there is a drive and classicism to this music that still makes it vital and compelling.  Joe Strummer still can't sing, but Mick Jones can, and between them, they make these songs work, with great progressions, ensemble playing (Jones is just a GREAT guitarist), and zeal.  <br />I spend most of my listening time with classic 60s soul, blues and rock, and this is light years away from all that. But there will always be room in my collection for this album.  It truly does rank with the acknowledged classics of rock/pop.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I would have to say that I have never seen a better movie than this.  Sure there have been more intelectually stimulating movies, but this is by far one of the best and most intersting movies that I have ever seen.  If you don't but it, at least rent it somewhere.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers are one of the best bands. However, they have grown up a lot, and when I last saw them at the Video Music Awards for MTV (2000 edition) they were sporting mohawks. The best songs on this CD include &quot;Around the World&quot;, &quot;Californication&quot;, and &quot;The Otherside&quot;. If you liked this, check out: KoRn-Issues, Red Hot Chili Peppers-Mother's Milk, Kid Rock-History of Rock, Kid Rock-Devil Without a Cause, Limp Bizkit-Significant Other, Limp Bizkit-Chocolate Starfish &amp; The Hotdog Flavored Water, and Eminem-The Marshall Mathers LP.
B00004X01U|5.0|I've listened to the thing about 100 times, and I have to say that there are some really good songs.  Numbers 1,4,8 are currently my favorites.<br />Though, it's not as heaving hitting at Ray Of Light -- it's a damn good album.  The title song had be jumping for a while, and now others are taking over.<br />Better than 99.9% of the albums released.  Give her a break.  I know it's convenient to hate her -- there's power in bashing the powerful -- but the bottom line is that alot of people think she rocks.  I'm one of them.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|This is a truly amazing album. Just look at the track listing: 'Another Day in Paradise', 'Both Sides of the Story', 'A Groovy Kind of Love' and the emotional 'Against All Odds (Take A Look At Me Now).The emotion and power that comes across in his songs is nothing short of brilliant.An album that should be in any record collection.
6300182355|3.0|Campy fun.Loud boisterous,the kind of silly fun that sci-fi movies can be if people stop taking themselves SO seriously[earth to George Lucas}. I tokk three mentally handicapped friends I was living with at the time to see this movie.The soundtrack by Queen was loud and good fun, my friends and I had a hoot. What better compliment can you give this movie?
B00000JCB2|4.0|Limp Bizkit is awesome. Since viewing last year's VMA awards, I bought &quot;Three Dollar Bill, Y'All&quot; and then bought &quot;Significant Other&quot;. Now I own &quot;Chocolate Starfish and The Hot Dog Flavored Water&quot;. I have all 3 of their CD's, and 2 Limp Bizkit T-shirts.  Notable tracks on this include Intro, Nookie, and Break Stuff. It's just one of those days! LIMP BIZKIT, SISQO, KORN,  KID ROCK, PAPA ROACH, RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS, 3 DOORS DOWN...THEY ALL RULE THE WORLD!!! BUY THIS CD IF YOU'RE A FAN OF ROCK AND EXPLICIT LYRIC-FEATURING SONGS!
B00004W55E|5.0|I have been waiting a long time for this CD...and it was worth the wait!  This CD is awesome.  Rachelle is one of the few artists that I will buy a CD without hearing what's on it.  I have been following her music since I heard this soul diva doing background vocals on George Duke's Illusion album, and she has yet to disappoint.  There is not a bad song in this CD, but &quot;Run to Me&quot; is my favorite (that note!).  I truly hope that Rachelle keeps the music coming.
6304233639|1.0|What a dud!There are literally scores of movies with brilliant Fx,so this one breaks no new ground i could see{having sat through it twice I feeL I deserve the Croix de Garbage}The cast is terrible,Will Smith is not too bad as the rah rah leader, Jeff Goldblum in another mailed in role, Bill Pullman,who usuall makes interesting movie choices,must have neede the money. The story is inane,the subplots are isipid,the score is even mundane. This movie is as bad as the Postman,and Waterworld[now There is a depressing thought},though it got better press and made much more at the box office[which for these folks,is all that counts}.Terrible!
B000000OA6|5.0|If I must define this record with one word that is &quot;PERFECT&quot; The Freddie`s voice is the best of all times.  This is, no doubt for me, the Queen`s darkest album. So, if you think that Queen is pure commercial and can`t do deep songs, LISTEN TO IT!!
0800116917|5.0|See it in a theater!  <br />A vastly experienced guerilla leader with a gifted political and cultural understanding of the the desert... sad that he died shortly before England's entrance into World War II. They could have used him.   This movie caused me to read Lawrence's wordy Seven Pillars of Wisdom, an ordeal painstakingly describing every piece of sand and plant in the vast Arabian desert. But the book, just like the lengthy movie, is worth the effort for a peek into the desert nomad's mind. Amazing how the movie reflected Lawrence's personal accounts!  Alec Guiness' Prince Faisal and the Sheik portrayed by Anthony Quinn bore remarkable likeness to pictures of the actual people found at the library.<br />     After visiting some parts of Arabia and United Arab Emirates, I find the movie still holds true to the geopolitical area it covers.  The Arab world is unique and fascinating: a barren, unforgiving land that creates basic, philosophical, and spiritual human conditions- stark beauty, hardship, violence, survival, devout worship, and completely vivid memories.<br />     If more subject matter experts such as Lawrence were in positions where a deep personal knowledge of native culture could be applied, the world might have better peace, and a reality-based understanding of war and violence.<br />     Lawrence the movie and related literature are still applicable today in the complexity of the Muslim cultures which constantly clash yet somehow co-exist. Stretching from Morocco to Libya, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, UAE, Kuwait, Iraq, Iran, Pakistan and beyond, this part of the globe has an enormous influence on the rest of the world, both the past and right now.  <br />     Tank of gasoline, anyone?
B00000J7RZ|5.0|The two Cds I bought during the &quot;Latin Explosion&quot; in 1999 were Ricky Martin's and Jennifer Lopez's CDs. Jennifer Lopez's CD was better because it has more upbeat songs, for example, &quot;Let's Get Loud&quot;. I always dance to that song whenever it comes up. I also like &quot;No Me Ames&quot;(the salsa version). Can you imagine me listening to this CD on #12 bus in Brooklyn?<br />I admit it. I did not even know that Jennifer Lopez could sing!!! She sang a little bit in &quot;Selena&quot;, but she did not sing throughout the movie.
B000002JSP|2.0|When the Who opened the classic album &quot;Who's Next&quot; with that classic synth riff on &quot;Baba O' Reilly,&quot; it sounded fresh, young, and showed the band's incredible power in many aspects.  A few years later, tragedy in rock and roll land occured, Jimmy Page and the boys got lazy when they tried to also use the synthesizer, and downsized the incredible force that was Led Zeppelin.  &quot;In Through the Out Door,&quot; Led Zeppelin's crapsterpiece sounds like an old man dying (the old man is rock), after taking an entire bottle of AOR.  The only thing that makes this album palateable is the irresistable classic &quot;Fool in the Rain,&quot; which is reason enough to pick it up.  It's ironic to think that an album containing such a fresh and exciting song is one of the albums that killed rock and roll and paved the way for many crappy 80's artists that were inspired by this rock and roll drivel.
B000002L6P|2.0|What is the big deal about this album? The only good songs are the ones that came out as singles.
B000002N2Z|5.0|Well, it simply doesn't get much better than the deftones...  And they don't get much better than this album.  I've had this CD since 1996, when it was given to me as a gift.  Honestly, I didn't care for it at first...  I was more into ska and lighter stuff, and this just plain terrified me.  However, about 2 years ago, I popped it in my CD tray and saw what I'd missed before...  The Talent.  After this stunning realization, I became hooked.  I can't stress enough how great this cd is, except to say &quot;just buy it and see for yourself.&quot;
6304258984|3.0|i think the rock is a great film i watch it every day and if anyone can tell me the name of the theme music pleise contact me at bigbrother121@hotmail.com
B000002VQQ|5.0|I am 43. When I first heard this I was 20. It totally shocked me from the very first notes in a friend's bedroom, stayed with me over the years and is still - remarkably - my favourite album for its force, drive, beautiful melancholy sounds, strange poetry, like a door opening on something I never believed could exist until I heard and saw it, and full of a warm compassion for the listener that is absent on all of Patti's influences.  I heard someone said that though she was openly influenced by the Stones, the Velvets and the Doors (and Dylan) she also managed to outdo them all... the album is all but perfect... did they resolve the mains hum buzz all through the original vinyl disc? And 'My Generation' (by coincidence my favourite single, from The Who) is scrappy but OK, but why oh why is 'Piss Factory' - one of her best songs from this era - not included? That's the only slight minus in this lovely re-issue. If you have never heard Patti Smith, just get this record and enjoy. A pure gift.
0440219078|5.0|Jonas is a young boy who lives in an utopian/cultic communitty. It is a world with no pain and suffering but also without compassion. It may seem like the perfect world, but it's not. There whole lives are chosen for them by elders: who to marry, what child they will have, what they can be, etc. When Jonas is selected to be The Giver, he is taken to an old man who teaches him the evil in the world, and also the good side. Now Jonas must chose between a world of peace without freedom or a world with choice.   I think this is an excellent book because it makes you think about how lucky we are to chose our own destiny. However, as I read this book, I began to think of how people take our freedom for granted. I highly recommend this book to the young and old.
B000001E7L|4.0|I am not the biggest fan of Dolores O´Riordan´s voice. It is kind of a love-it or hate-it sort of sound, but after the debut album from the Cranberries and some incredibly lovely songs found therein, I decided to purchase this album. I was not disappointed. The Cranberries are idiosyncratic, and as their career has continued, their songs become more and more annoying, but this album came along early enough to avois most of the pitfalls of dull songs about social causes (not that all songs about social causes are dull by any means, but the Cranberries are experts at making their \\"cause\\" songs a bit too obvious and overt).  Nevertheless,  \\"Ode to my Family\\" is pleasant, as are the more \\"single-friendly\\" songs like the harder-hitting anthem &quot;Zombie&quot;. And the Cranberries have an edge, I guess, which distinguishes them for any other modern day balladeers. Their best work is usually more personal in origin and more melancholy.<br />&quot;Empty&quot;, Everything I Said, \\"The Icicle Melts\\", \\"Disappointment\\" (which reminds me of some of the work from Everybody´s Doing It So Why Can´t We?), and most importantly, \\"No Need To Argue\\" are superb tracks. \\"No Need to Argue\\" is one of my favourite songs of all time, actually. It is very simple, with an air of familiarity, and in its simplicity, it is moving and easy to relate to. \\"There´s no need to argue anymore; I gave all I could but it left me so sore. And the thing that makes me mad, is the one thing that I had: And I knew, I knew I´d lose you. You´ll always be special to me, special to me, to me.\\" \\"No Need to Argue\\" is a stark, nostalgia-for-love-gone-awry song on an otherwise solid album.
B000001EHS|5.0|Just got the &quot;VAULT&quot;. It is the greatest selection of the band and if your a big Def LEPPARD fan, and admirer this is the CD to get. Further more, this CD brings back some good memories.
B000002U82|5.0|I bought this as one of my first CDs in the early 90s.  I had heard individual songs from Dark Side of the Moon on the radio, but I had never listened to the whole album.  I couldn't understand why it had been on the Billboard charts for so long; sure, the songs were OK, but what made it last so long?  When I finally listened to the whole CD it was an epiphany.  This CD has to be in your collection, and it has to be heard in its entirity every time.  It's not a collection of songs like most CDs.  Don't buy it to impress your friends, buy it to impress yourself.
0790729628|5.0|When i first saw this movie when I was a kid I could not stick with it. I saw it the other day I gave it another try. I am glad I did, I rank this movie as one of the greats of the Sci-fi genre. It is right up there with, Matrix, Dark City, Star wars,---etc. If you are like me and passed on this when it first screened do yourself a favor and check it out.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|Bjork and Lars Van Trier combine forces in both a film, and an album. Calling this new album simply \\"Selmasongs\\" is almost a mistake. It states on the back that it's the soundtrack to Dancer In The Dark, however, it stands alone as a Bjork album. But from the first track it is clear this is a musical, with the orchestral overture. The second track, but really should be considered the first song we get the perfect opener to any musical. It's catchy, you want to sing right along with Bjork, \\"CRASH WHACK BAM!\\" The most surprising part of this song being the second verse sung by Catherine Deneuve. The opener is ear catching and dancy. It's followed by a duet with Thom York. I was weary at first hearing that Thom York would be joining Bjork on this song, because I find that with Radiohead it can be hit and miss at times. But it works well, and being the duet, is a completely necessary song for the movie to really embrace the idea of a musical. The lyrics are give and take discussion between Thom York and Bjork. \\"Have you seen niagra falls?\\" \\"I have seen water, it's water, that's all.\\" The song begins with the sounds of train tracks, which then morph themselves into the underlying beat throughout the song. The most telling song on the album is \\"In The Musicals\\" in which Bjork sings strictly about how much she loves the musicals. I wish I could see right now what is happening on the screen at parts, in which it goes into a series of different percussions, that seem like they would be the perfect song and dance scene with random people doing their own moves. The most haunting track I find is \\"107 Steps\\" in that the lyrics are so simple. It's counting up to, and I believe past 107. It starts with a rythmic counting, and Bjork interjects, singing along various numbers as well. The album appropriately ends with a variation on the overture with vocals. Beautifully written and performed. The lyrics are near perfection \\"If living is seeing, I'm holding my breath.\\" The album as awhole is an unstoppable combination of songwriting in the grand style of the musical, with incredible beats and DJing underlying the whole thing. The orchestral sound that you would get from a musical is underplayed, or more, that the electronic equipment is taking over the task of the majority of the orchestration. And incredible album, and sure to be an incredible film.
B00001OH7G|5.0|Rory Gallagher is unknown to many rock-n-roll listeners and that's a shame.  This cd is almost a greatest hits compilation with the added benefits of being live, digitally remaster from the original tapes(?) and positively kickin'.  Some of the best Rory is here(hear)and done with more energy than any of his studio outings, some of which are mighty fine.  This disc is a remaster at higher bit rates I assume.  The high end is amazing and some times almost ear splitting but hey, that's what live rock-n-roll is all about.  Blues based rock has never been done better.  We miss you Rory.
B00003CX59|4.0|Burton managed to make an outstanding picture, based on folklore, without being cheap or commercial. The movie is funny, fast-paced. The Headless Rider is a fearsome warrior, a kind of RPG Games warrior. Johhny Depp gives total credibility to Incabold Jones, the &quot;great&quot; technical detective. In the end there is some unforgettable humour scenes. Funny also is Walken, who doesnt speak a world the whole movie !  Great !
B00002E233|4.0|The Sharks were not left out of Jaws because it was 'scarier' not to show them, or some other artistic merit reason. According to Spielberg they were left out because Universal did not know how to construct a believeable, realistic Shark at the time. Renny Harlin, 20+ years later DID have advanced sharks, and he makes the most of them. (It took the DVD commentary track to confirm which sharks were geniune and which were artificial)  That being said, Forget about ANY comparisons to Jaws regarding Deep Blue Sea. They both take place near large bodies of water, and that's it.  Thomas Jane (Face/Off,the Thin Red Line) has a standout performance in the otherwise mostly forgetable cast. LL Cool J provides about the same function here as he did in H20. If you liked him there, you'll love him here.  The plot is on par in 'silly motivation' as any other action movie about science gone wrong. Is it any sillier to think Scientists might harvest Shark protein for a remedy than the Amber jelly of an acid secreting xenobiological? No ,it isn't.  If you're expecting a horror flick, you'll be left wanting. If you're looking for an action flick where many of the tried and true conventions are tweaked, watch this film.  The DVD contains some deleted footage, DVD ROM extras, and the website, but the highlight is the Commentary track, provided by Samuel L Jackson for the first hour or so.
0385495315|5.0|The Code Book, Simon Singh's introduction to the race between cryptologists and cryptanalists, code-makers and code-breakers, is probably one of the most pleasant popular science reads of the year.<br />The first chapter starts with the description of the monoalphabetic substitution ciphers, its failure and the consequence of the latter, the execution of Mary Queen of Scots. From then we proceed to polyalphabetic ciphers, the Vigenere Cipher and the Babbage's method of breaking it; as an added bonus Singh has thrown in the three Beale papers, allegedly leading to over a ton of gold buried in the hills of Virginia. The third chapter describes the path Germans made between the world wars, from the Zimmerman note disaster to the construction of Enigma. Closely related to it is the next chapter, a story about the Poles and the Brits cracking Enigma.<br />The fifth chapter is a step aside: on deciphering texts that are not purposely encrypted, but simply written in extinct languages and scripts, like Egyptian hieroglyphics or Minoan Linear B script. From then on, we are probably already on the more familiar territory; the discovery and re-discovery of public key cryptography, and its application in Phil Zimmerman's PGP. The last chapter tries to provide a peek into the future: quantum computers that can break currently uncrackable codes in linear time, and quantum encryption, which cannot be broken without violating the laws of physics.<br />Apart from the Beale treasure papers, Singh added another gem for aspiring cryptanalists: they can test what they have learned with ten ciphertexts in the appendix, and the author promised to pay 10.000 GBP to the first one who solves all of them. And Singh proved to be a good teacher: to date, nine stages out of ten are solved already (the last one involves a massive amount of CPU time).<br />True, David Kahn's Codebreakers contains a more exhaustive treatment of the historic development of cryptography, and Bruce Schneier's AppliedCryptography will provide you with a knowledge needed by a working specialist. However, if you share just a casual interest in the area, this is the book for you. It's much more than just stories about people involved in the cryptography and other related trivia - you will be surprised that Singh's lucid explanations will actually make you understand how the algorithms work.
0784011206|5.0|Sly Stallone plays a nam vet whose drifted into the wrong small town.  He's not a threat to anyone, but the police don't like change.  The police are among the best bad guys from any movie.  They're right up there with Hans and crew from Die Hard.  Sly's commanding officer is really treat too; &quot;God didn't create Rambo, I did.&quot;  What an entrance!  It has good replay value too, but you have to watch the whole way through.  There really aren't any slow parts.  If you've only seen Rambo, the most popular of the trilogy, you're missing the best one by far.  This movie doesn't get the recognition it deserves, but I rank it among the top action films and movies of all-time.
B00004U8P9|5.0|This truly is a great all around package.  The DVD comes alot like the Fight Club DVD, but it's glossy and it also includes a book with cast bios and an explanation of what you need for audience participation as well as when you use it.  The main menus, unforunately move slowly and navigating between them is sometimes tedious.  There is always a little animation between screens which, while interesting at first, overall slows down navigation.  The remastering of the video as well as the audio is fantastic.  Both instruments and vocals are presented in a much fuller manner. The video is a crisp transfer, and thanks to the widescreen format, additional action is shown. The UK and US versions are both included and an additional bonus version is also included.  This version is entirely in black and white until the Time Warp part where the Transylvanians start singing (a lot like the Wizard of Oz).  It can be accessed through an &quot;easter egg&quot; by going to the main menu of either the US or UK version and then scrolling to the bottom and then pressing the left key.  This should light up a pair of lips, which you then can select to lead you to an explanation prior to the movie itself.  An audience participation track can also be activated through the Theatre Experience extra feature.  In this mode a pair of lips will light up in the corner at times during the movie.  However, the quality of the camera work is poor and the audio is difficult to hear. At times, it is practically impossible to understand what the crowd is trying to say.  I feel this could have been presented in a much better manner. The bonus features disc includes a lot of material from VH1, including a pop up video and extended interviews.  There are also the usual trailers and such as well.  <br />Overall, I would highly recommend this DVD to anyone interested in the RHPS.
B000002JKA|1.0|First off, I have to comment on something the Amazon reviewer said that DT has more &quot;Soul&quot; in it and that groups like Rush suck the soul out of the music they play. I have been a fan of rush for over 15 years, and you have to understand that their music is more of a life philosophy, than just straight forward playing. You actually have to hear the lyrics.<br />Now, I have listened to both albums that everyone has said are the best, &quot;Awake&quot; and &quot;Images&quot;. And although the music aspect of it was pretty good, I found the lyrics to be lacking. Also, another reviewer compared the lead vocal to Geddy Lee, and even Freddie Mercury. NOT! <br />I won't say that I don't recommend this group, but I was not impressed.
B000002KM6|2.0|I want to preface this review by letting everyone know that I am a huge Van Halen fan.  That being said, let me go on to state that this is one of the worst rock albums ever produced.  It is a dismal failure with the exception of three tracks.  I don't need to tell you the names of the good songs. They are so easy to distinguish from the rest of the recording.  <br />I was shocked by the number of people giving this album five stars.  It really doesn't deserve that.  Two stars is more than  generous.  It's interesting to note that this album continues to rank amongst the worst rock albums ever made by many rock magazines.  <br />If you want the album to complete your VH collection, then buy it.  But be prepared to be underwhelmed.
B00003Q43A|2.0|This DVD has problems with some players.  Errors occured with the added cuts.
B00004X01U|1.0|Boy what a bland CD! Overly produced and boring lyrics and no catchy hooks or any really stand out tracks. It look likes she rushed this one out to rake in some cash for the up coming X-mas season. I loved Ray of Light so this is a really disappointment. Plus, it was only 40 something minutes (which is a rip off but maybe it's a good thing in this case). Even her Erotica and Bedtime Stories albums are much better than this. For those that want Madonna to go back to bubble pop, please. Well done house music is fun and great to dance to, not this one though. actually this is not even house music. it's electronic funk whatever.
B00000I0XW|3.0|I really wanted to like this album, but I've heard much better by Sarah than this.
B000001ESP|4.0|With &quot;Moving Pictures&quot; Rush proved that a great prog-rock album doesn't need to be complex, pompous or psychedelic. Moving Pictures is full of catchy songs, like Red Barchetta, Vital Signs and Tom Sawyer. Maybe this album is one of the &quot;easiest&quot; Rush albums to average listener. Perhaps that's one of the reasons it sold multi-platinum and got reviewed so well by the critics. <br />I still don't consider &quot;Moving Pictures&quot; as their greatest work. Unlike many Rush-fans, I think they moved forward and hit the peak of their career when they released masterpieces like Power Windows and Presto. Still, Moving Pictures is a prog-rock classic, and every self-respecting prog-rock fan should own this album.
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club is at it's inner core a psychological thriller about the dark side of human nature that is part of each of us. At the next level, it's subject is anarchy, an idea which has some appeal to those of us who recognize the emptiness at the center of modern western culture. Reading this book next weekend, (it's a quick read) will not turn you into an anarchist. You'll still check into your cubicle on Monday morning and fulfill your duties as an upstanding citizen of the great irrepressible consumerist utopia called America. But you might do it with a knowing smirk on your face.
B000001ESF|5.0|If you want to know who are the rock legends and what progressive hard rock is, buy this album and Led Zeppelin's &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot;.<br />This is probably the best hard rock album ever created. Nothing more need to be said.
B00004RF98|4.0|I have the &quot;40th Anniversary edition&quot; video tape of this great movie, released in 1992 (in Australia at least), which features (along with the theatrical trailer), a deleted sequence of Debbie Reynolds singing &quot;You Are My Lucky Star&quot; and reminiscences from writers Betty Comden and Adolph Green (which are wonderful!).  The lack of these is the only reason I'm taking a star off my rating for the DVD.  The film is suberb (and sounds and looks great on DVD)
B000002IOW|5.0|Rush's &quot;Presto&quot; is something unique. Never before I've listened a Rock-album 30 times in a row, finding something new from it every time. This album is full of clever rock-songs, and Rush is really creating something unique with this. Although &quot;Presto&quot; is not a concept album like Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot;, or Who's &quot;Tommy&quot;, it works the same way. It's like one long theme. Except really powerful and clever &quot;Red Tide&quot;, it's hard to pick up any individual song from &quot;Presto&quot;.<br />Like most Rush's works, it doesn't open in the first or second listening. &quot;Presto&quot; is a rich, demanding listening experience, and the fans of Britney Spears and Backstreet Boys should avoid Presto at any cost.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is one of the best historical epic films I have ever seen from the period costumes to the location and the stunning colesum scene (You can actualy feel that you are inside it) And with the wonderful score that goes so well with the film. Scott deserves an oscar for direction for this film. Especialy for the battle between the Roman army and German tribes at the begining (with out doubt as realistic as the Private Ryan battle scenes). <br />But it is the acting and story that really shine every actor and actress put in a good performance but both Russell Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix deserve best actor and supporting actor respectively. Crowe as the stalwart loyal General to his Emperor and how is betrayed and imprisoned to become a gladiator while yearning for Vengance for the death of his Faimly. While Phoenix is a detestble villian who you can hate but also feel sorry for and understand why does what he does as a man who yearns for his Farthers Love. While the story is well written with no cliches or poor dialouge like other films while the ending although sad is also brilliant. <br />There is nothing wrong with this fim and if Scott does not walk away with best director and Crowe with best actor and Phoenix with best Supporting actor it would be robbery.
0441172717|5.0|This book was a little slow to start off. The first few chapters about Paul (Muad'Dib the main character) and his family are essential to the plot development but after those chapters this book is a wild ride. Once Paul meets the Fremen and trains them in his special Bene Gesserit mind and body control fighting techniques he builds a Fremen army. With this immensely powerful army he eventually rules the universe. Filled with vivid hand to hand combat scenes and wonderfully majestic settings (Herbert is like Picasso) this book should cost alot more then it is priced. If you are a fan of Sci-fi this book is a must-read. (Just be careful of the big &quot;alien&quot; words that are hard to pronounce)
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is not for the faint of heart or for the person who does not like inteligent movies.But Fight Club draws you in  on it's mayhem of 2 hours and 30 minutes of pure brain candy it  entices the senses as well as the mind when you watch this movie you not only watch it you experience this power driven film but  what results the most out of Fight Club is the fact that we all  wish that we could take our frustrations out on society as in , this movie.David Finchers dark but at times moral film about a man that is frustrated with society and how his life is heading he somehow can't sleep at night and decides that to awaken his  life he would attend support groups and meetings every week is not doing it this man is played exceptionaly by Edward Norton , when in one of his meeting he meets an enstranged woman played by Helen Bonam Carter who basically is addicted to everything  and is alone in her life decides to go to meetings with him.<br />       Whatever this man is doing is not seemings to help his out of control lifestyle until he meets a mysterious man named Tyler Tyler gives this out of synch man just what he was looking for  when he calls Tyler to ask him for a place to stay strangely  enough he agrees , Tylers place a dump but what Tyler shows  him next is beyond everything he even anticipated he shows  the no name man a world without any matirealistic value and in this underground hiding place is a world of no worry no nothing the world of Fight Club in fight club the first rule is that you never talk about it second rule is there are no  rules just men taking there frustrations about the world out on each other by beating each other to a bloody pulp.<br />        But when Tyler shows the man of Fight Club it seems it so  addicting hes stuck to it and Tyler seems more and more nearing the breaking point even going as far as stick a gun in the mans  mouth for asking questions about the club that has hit all around the United States , with a suprise endingthat sure to please.  All in all Fight Club is a tour into the darkness and mayhem of  modern day society and this tour your just going to have to take to beleive it.With director and actor commentarys by Brad Pitt  and Edward Norton and director David Fincher and , production  notes and deleted scenes Fight Club is sure to please any DVD owner so dim the lights get the popcorn ready and put in this truly awsome modern day epic for you to own.
B000002I2G|5.0|Always considered a &quot;rushed album,&quot; and not up to the Doors' &quot;real potential,&quot; I totally disagree with the critics.  This CD is full of great songs.  From the radio friendly hit, Touch Me, to the poetic masterpiece, The Soft Parade, this album does not disappoint.  I guess people dislike this album because &quot;it wasn't like the others,&quot; but the fact of the matter is that no two Doors' albums were alike.  And that's the beauty of The Doors.  Their music never sounded like a broken record because every song was unlike the other.  Just buy the CD, you won't be disappointed...
B00004X01U|4.0|&quot;Music&quot; is definitely not &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and Madonna said she never intended it to be.  She said it is funkier, edgier, and not as introspective.  Which is true.  <br />The album in itself is a bit disjointed and doesn't flow as well as Ray of Light (due to more producers).  But Madonna's songs still easily surpass anything out in the dismal world of pop oversaturated with bland boy groups and Britney wannabes.<br />Music delves deeper into electronica including a lot of vocoded vocals (which sometimes can be distracting).  I keep wondering how &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; would have sounded without the &quot;Cher&quot; effects.  Unlike Ray of Light, the songs definitely take more than one listen to enjoy.  I especially grew fond of the somber &amp; beautiful ballads like &quot;What It Feels Like to be a Girl&quot; and &quot;Gone&quot;.  The folky songs like &quot;I Deserve It&quot; and &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; will take a few more listens.  Perhaps, the single versions will be more &quot;radio friendly&quot;.  Overall, still a good effort by Madonna.
0060263865|5.0|I can summarize the story for you, but I rather have you read it and judge for youself what a wonderful story it is.  Read the book and afterwards watch the movie.
B00004X01U|1.0|First their are 10 song on this CD instead of the usual 13 or14, and I will cut to the chase - there are only (3) good songs onthis CD:<br />1.  Music (which I am sure you guessed) 2. Runaway Lover(could be another dance smash) 3. What It Feels Like For A Girl (likeRomeo Voids &quot;Girl In Trouble With A Temporary Thing&quot;feel)<br />Other than that this CD is a bust.  In 17 years buying ALL ofMadonnas CDs there was never a loser until now.<br />There are only (2)dance songs on this CD Music and Runaway Lover, other than that thereare boring dismal ballads &quot;Gone&quot; and &quot;I DeserveIt&quot; which both sound like they were rushed into production, thanthere is the laughable &quot;Nobodys Perfect&quot; which sounds likeMadonna is trying to be Laurie Anderson with her techno flash wizadry,but comes out so embarrasing, also this type of music will not appealto Madonnas buying public.<br />Her public likes pop dance which she hasdone for years...i.e. &quot;Frozen&quot;, &quot;Fever&quot;, &quot;Rayof Light&quot;, &quot;Vogue&quot;...and the list goes on.<br />This CDdebuted at No.1 on the album chart this week selling 350,000 units, itwill hit 1 million units but will definitely not sell 4 million pluslike &quot;Ray of Light&quot; did here domestically.<br /> When Madonnatries to go &quot;Techno-Folk-Country&quot; it just doesn't cutit.<br />Other bombs include the techno mid tempo &quot;Amazing&quot; andthe second song on the CD which is just a techno production disaster&quot;Impressive Instant&quot;- what does that mean? ImpressiveInstant....well I will tell you I was not instantly impressive of thisCD DISASTER.<br />In 17 years I have never given up one of my Madonna CDsuntil now.
6305181772|5.0|This action packed film, all done up with expensive (yet unappreciated) explosives, props, and coordination has lots of hidden clues to the forth coming of the remaining partsof the picture.   Unfortunately, some (probably those who talk during the film) got lost in the details of this film, based on the IMF team and CIA.  I think the use of foreighn names tends to through some off.  It's no Oscar nominee, but it is a very good action film.   Lots of neat direction and angle switches and assist in telling the story more clearly.  And Tom Cruise seems believeable as usual.  And the female lead, is gorgeous.
B0000033TE|5.0|I am awestruck by the music on this CD.  I don't think I have heard anything else quite like it.  ELP may appear staid to us three decades after this album was made, but they were genuine iconoclasts on many fronts.  A closer look at the object below the parting lips of the figure on the cover may help to support their rebellious stance.  In 1963 it would have taken a roomfull of muscians to produce a similar amount of music, yet, only one decade later, only three talented musicians completed this work.  The sounds from Bob Moog's amazing synthesizer which bears his name was a new &quot;gadget&quot;.  The synthesizer was not yet accepted as a legitimate musical instrument.  Some bands even boasted when they were able to make an album without one.  In the capable hands of Keith Emerson, it was advanced from a toy to a sophisticated sound source.  Whatever inspired them to cover a hymm that is nearly a national anthem in Britain?  And what is so controversial about this rendition that it would be banned by the BBC?  I am also impressed with the diversity of influences: William Blake and Alberto Ginastera.  Some String Quartets I have heard have material as diverse as this, but not in popular music.  I doubt seriously that Keith Emerson and Carl Palmer would have secured permission for Ginastera's Piano Concerto had not they first demonstrated the technical competence required.  All this and I have completed only the first two tracks.  This is truly an example of the zenith of seventies progressive rock, and it still plays well even three decades later.  Who knows how popular this might have become had ELP only thrown in some cash registers and ticking clock sounds. ;D  If you are interested in the best of British progressive rock in the early seventies, or in popular music played by virtuoso musicians, this CD will interest you.
0451450523|5.0|Hidden away in a lilac wood, the last unicorn cares little for the outside world.  After all, she is magical and she is immortal.  However, when she hears that she might be the only unicorn left in the world, she sets out on a journey to see if there are any of her kind left.  After being captured by a freak show she meets and joins forces with a bumbling magician, Schmendrick, and later, a middle aged maiden, Molly Grue.  Together these three embark on a quest that will take them into the dangerous realm of King Haggard.  It will be there that the last unicorn will have to face her nemesis, the Red Bull, in order to free the rest of her kind. <br />To a large extent, Peter Beagle's book is considered an interesting work of fantasy because it was one of the first post-modern science fiction novels.  The most salient feature of post-modern science fiction is a rebellion against the classical fantasy/science fiction novel that creates a world that is completely separate from our own.  In this traditional science fiction/fantasy world the characters say and do things that are completely in line with the small universe the author has created in his novel.  The author strives to draw the reader completely into the story.  Beagle rebels against this by creating a novel that constantly pulls the reader out of the novel, back in to the real world, only to slide back into the plot.  The Last Unicorn is the novel written in this post-modern style, of which many examples can be found. <br />Beagle does not immediately strike you with his departure from traditional fantasy.  The unicorn lives in a lilac wood all by herself, in what is seemingly a medieval world.  There are kings and wizards and peasants.  But just when the reader is being drawn into this &quot;other&quot; world, Beagle introduces a character to disrupt it in the form of a talking butterfly.  The thing that pulls the reader out of Beagle's world, back into his own, is not the butterfly's ability to talk (that, after all, is not too bizarre in a fantasy novel), but what he has to say.  Among the many things that do not belong in a traditional fantasy novel, but work well in a post-modern one, are the butterflies references to Shakespeare &quot;you're a fishmonger,&quot; children's singalongs &quot;you are my sunshine,&quot; and songs from America's pop culture &quot;Won't you come home, Bill Bailey, won't you come home.&quot;<br />Now, a veteran of fantasy could probably come up with a list of science fiction cliches that could explain this odd knowledge.  Perhaps the butterfly learned these phrases by falling into a wormhole and spending time in our world.  Maybe the butterfly is in fact a traveler from our world, secretly disguised.  Or, perhaps this is really some bizarre post-apocalyptic world where after many millions of years and genetic mutation, the new inhabitants of our planet are uncovering our twentieth-century pop culture.  But this, like other details in Beagle's novel that clearly do not fit in with the rest of the story, and are not easily explained away. <br />Evidence of Beagle's unorthodox style can be seen later when Schmendrick and Molly are taken captive by Captain Cully.  Schmendrick tries to flatter the outlaw by pretending that he has heard of many of the outlaw's exploits.  As Cully begins to fall for this, he becomes much more friendly with Schmendrick, offering the wizard a place by his fire, an invitation to talk of what people supposedly say about Cully in other countries, and a unique twist, a taco.  An odd foodstuff for outlaws seemingly modeled after Robin Hood!  Later, Schmendrick spends a good part of the night making up stories about the glories of Captain Cully.  The reader learns later on that most of tales came from his &quot;good grounding in Anglo-Saxon folklore.&quot; <br />Beagle uses many other small descriptions to rip the reader out of his fantasy world.  At one point a prince is described &quot;reading a magazine.&quot;   At another point, Prince Lir is described as having armor that is partially made of bottlecaps. <br />A more subtle example of post-modern fantasy is the birth of Prince Lir.  The Prince was found on butcher's block, warm despite the fact that it was snowing, surrounded by stray cats.  As Drinn, the villager that found him said &quot;it purred prophecy.&quot;   But it is at this point that Beagle breaks the spell.  If this were a traditional fantasy, Drill would have become the foster parent for the boy and raised him.  But this is not traditional fantasy.  Drill instead scares away the cats and leaves the baby to what he expects will be death; he fears that the child that seems to have an aura of destiny around him might grow to be the one that brings down the prophecy of doom that had been cursed upon his town by a witch. <br />These are just a few of the many examples that make The Last Unicorn a very different, but very beautiful, kind of fantasy.  The post-modern style of fantasy, or the fantastic, has had a hard time being accepted by many hard core fantasy fans.  Many critics do not like novels that try to constantly toss the reader back and forth between the world of fantasy in the book, and the real world we inhabit day-to-day.  These people find it very hard to take the story seriously.  Others, however, are able to enjoy the beauty of a book such as this.  They see The Last Unicorn and books like it as a fantasy novel that does not take itself too seriously, and can use references from real life as a form of humor and another form of expression in the novel.  Imagination isn't a bad thing to have, after all, especially in a fantasy world.<br />The Last Unicorn is a beautiful book, one that is filled with holes and spaces that draw you into its beauty and let you become a part of its creation.
B000001EQT|4.0|I enjoy the music on this CD.  It is a lot of fun.  The lyrics sound cool without making sense.  From TELEGRAM SAM, &quot;Automatic shoes / Automatic shoes / Give me three D vision / And the California Blues.&quot;  Marc Bolan displays a broader variety of styles than on the previous album.  The glam rock anthems METAL GURU, THE SLIDER, BUICK MACKANE, and especially TELEGRAM SAM mine that same vein of the shuffle beat which Bolan achieved legendary status with on BANG A GONG.  I like these because of their silliness.  I always smile when I hear the opening scream of METAL GURU, and the absurd lyrics just complete the looniness: &quot;Metal Guru has it been / Just like a silver-studded sabre-tooth dream / I'll be clean you know / Pollution machine / Metal Guru is it you.&quot;  I feel a sultry sensation from the slower numbers: MYSTIC LADY, THE SLIDER and most of all, from BALLROOMS OF MARS.  In the early seventies, Paul McCartney acknowledged that he would not desire the popularity of Marc Bolan.  Indeed, T. REX was the nazz.  More impressive is the influence felt from his songs decades after they were penned, particularly from the post punk era.  BLONDIE used BANG A GONG as an encore, and the legendary goth-rock band BAUHAUS released a single covering TELEGRAM SAM, as two prominent examples.  The professionals involved with this effort are no slouches, either.  Ringo Starr did the cover photographs and needs no introduction.  Tony Visconti had already completed a series of albums for some of the biggest names in British Rock including, David Bowie, Strawbs, Badfinger, Gentle Giant, and would go on to the Wings' project, BAND ON THE RUN.  What an exciting and fun piece of rock 'n roll history.  If you are interested in glam rock of the early seventies or in music that is a looney romp, this CD will interest you.
0618001905|5.0|King Leopold's Ghost provides a vivid account of an episode in the modern history of Africa that was the epitome of tragedy.  In this book, Adam Hochschild concerns himself with the looting of the Congo and the destruction of its peoples by a cousin of Queen Victoria, King Leopold of the Belgians.<br />The story is told through a succession of biographical sketches of the principal villains and heroes, the former being Leopold's accomplices and the latter his opponents.  Hochschild, though bent on illuminating a great human tragedy, allows himself and the reader several curious and even piquant digressions.  The first suspicion that these digressions are only there to spice up the story is belied when the author manages to make them highly relevant, such as the connection between Leopold's unsuccessful wedding night and his all-consuming desire in the Congo.<br />Hochschild begins this book by reminding us of the figure of Affonso I, the sixteenth-century Christian King of the Kongo, pious son of a ruler converted by the Portuguese.  Affonso wrote a series of eloquent letters to the Portuguese king complaining that the slave traders were depopulating his kingdom and even seizing members of the royal family.  The Portuguese, however, had meanwhile discovered a traffic more profitable than gold and they were not about to give it up.<br />Leopold, the figurehead monarch of a small country, successfully acquired a realm larger than France, Italy and Germany combined.  For many of the new imperial powers, collecting colonies was not particularly profitable, but Leopold, through a strange mix of luck, cunning, ruthlessness and breathtaking hypocrisy, managed to gain a huge fortune.<br />Leopold favored a quick killing in the Congo because it was clear that the boom in wild rubber would eventually be overtaken by the planting of commercial rubber plantations.  He joined forces with others to suppress forces within the Congo and bleed it dry.  Leopold's Force Publique had an officer corps of well-paid desperadoes recruited from all over Europe, characters resembling Kurtz in Conrad's chilling Heart of Darkness.<br />Leopold's vicious experiment combined some of the latest techniques of European industry steamboats, machine guns and railways with a sure understanding of traditional African bondage and brigandage, and of the ways they could be bent to his purpose.  The slave-traders became the best recruiters both for the Force Publique and for the porters who carried the rubber to the river or to the railhead.<br />Sadly, Leopold's enterprise enjoyed the blessing of the United States despite the fact that it flew in the face of its supposed anti-slavery, anti-colonial and republican principles.  The indulgence of Europe's colonial powers was less surprising given the rampant racism and imperialism of the time.<br />There were a few anti-slavery zealots who objected to the &quot;magnificent work of exploration&quot; with which Leopold was credited.  (Interestingly, Leopold maintained tight personal control without ever going near the Congo.)  The journalist George W. Williams wrote an angry pamphlet denouncing Leopold's brutal regime but died shortly afterwards.<br />Hochschild does not end this book on a comfortable note.  Conditions in the Congo barely improved, and the harsh but effective methods pioneered by Leopold were taken up by yet other colonial powers.  The outbreak of war in Europe soon furnished its own lessons in industrial slaughter, making Leopold's war on the people of the Congo seem like little more than a dress rehearsal.<br />Although tragic, King Leopold's Ghost is an exemplary piece of history writing:  urgent, vivid and most compelling.
B000002OZY|5.0|Ms Williams:<br />The statement &quot;Tommy had the dubious distinction of being the first-ever rock opera&quot; is inaccurate.<br />SF Sorrow, I believe, was the first rock opera, irregardless, it predates Tommy by one year.<br />Tommy was released by the Who in 1969. SF Sorrow was released by Pretty Things in 1968.<br />Peter Townsend acknowledges SF Sorrow by using the opening figure from SF Sorrow to start Tommy.  Rumour has it he spent an entire weekend locked away with SF Sorrow.<br />Cheers
B00000J2KX|4.0|>A very good film, but a rather bad DVD transfer. <br />Warner's replaced the old, bad transfer with a terrific new one some time ago, so my old negative review does not apply anymore. All of the Kubrick stuff looks and sounds MUCH better now than it did a few years back.<br />This film has been the subject of a long-running contraversy about the proper aspect ratio. SK shot it open matte--that is, full frame--and reportedly prefered full frame (at least for home viewing in the VHS era) even though he knew it would be projected in the US at 1.85:1. As a result, there's some ambiguity about which ratio is \\"original.\\" Plausibly, BOTH are (and SJ's symmetrical compositions generally look fine both ways). The DVD is full frame, reflecting the original negative, with \\"extra\\" image at the top and bottom. <br />--SRP
B000002N25|5.0|This album is a gem. I have listened all Dire Straits albums, this album is better than all of them. It has unique blends of music, starting from blues to country, folk to rock. Lots of instruments have been used and played superbly. In my opinion as a Dire straits and Mark Knopfler fan, if anybody is thinking of buying any one of D.S./M.K. album buy this.( I have not listened the new M.K. album, so barring that). All songs are great in this album. So buy this immediately.
079073804X|5.0|As a demonologist who has witnessed demonical phenomena, the film's depiction of an exorcism is largely accurate even if being a &quot;worst-case scenario.&quot;  My criticisms:  (1)  The ending where the priest says &quot;take me.&quot;  In reality that would have been a fatal (or worse) mistake.  (2) They didn't explore the terrible price an exorcist pays, even when successful, for freeing the victim.  (3)  They underplayed a demon's most potent weapons:  forcible telepathy &amp; prescience. Accordingly, -my- scariest scenes are when the demon &quot;replays&quot; the streetfellow's lament, &quot;Can ya help an old alterboy, Father?&quot; and then later when Fr. Karras &quot;sees&quot; his dead mother in Regan's bed and we watch as the demon plays on the priest's remorse in an effort to destroy him.  Those two scenes strike the deepest chords from my personal experience, and most potently hint at the sense of naked impotence one experiences when confronting objectively evil, preternatural cunning.
0425129616|4.0|This is Christie's first book, and certainly one of her best! However, there are a LOT of characters to remember (Poiret, Alfred, etc.), so I would recommend the book to a friend who's alert, knows how to pay attention, and is open minded (you'll see what I mean). An excellent Christie, nonetheless.
B000002HMH|1.0|yeah a load of crap. So Metallica sells out. They go &quot;alternative&quot; to sell more albums. Instead of remaining true to the &quot;artistic vision&quot; they produce what is a truly embarrassing album.
B00004NRWH|4.0|Nickelback is some of the best talent to come out of Canada in a while. They're actually from a VERY small town (less than 1000 people) just east of where I live (they share a hometown with NHL Hall of Famer Lanny McDonald). I saw these guys live with Creed, and the hype is true... they are as good or better live as they are on CD. This band should inspire all small time garage bands to work hard, you just might get your big break.
0790731940|3.0|I got this DVD because I like Mel Gibson, westerns, and it's on Amazon's essential video list. I'm not sure why it's on the list. It doesn't make mine. Regardless, the DVD is adequate. No amazing extras. Some production and cast notes that gave a few pages of information but nothing all that interesting. One interesting item for me was that a few scenes seemed to be shot in Yosemite Valley, but the location notes never mentioned the Valley being used as a location. I wondered if it was just a painted backdrop?
B00000I07P|4.0|Slippery When Wet is the album that propelled Jon Bon Jovi and his bandmates from open act to major league headliners.  Often they are dismissed as a 80's hair metal band, admittingly there is nothing on this album that will make you forget Springsteen or the Beatles, but it is unfair to lump them in with that genre.  Although they had the look down (big hair, torn jeans etc.), unlike the other bands, they actually have a good ear for a melody and wrote good songs.  Songs like the number one hits &quot;You Give Love A Bad Name&quot; &amp; &quot;Livin' On A Prayer&quot; show their diversity.  The former is a straight ahead rocker and the latter a moody number.  &quot;Wanted Dead Or Alive&quot; is a classic rock epic that aspires for greatness.  Lesser known songs like &quot;I'd Die For You&quot;, &quot;Social Disease&quot; &amp; &quot;Raise Your Hands&quot; are solid songs.  The lyrics sometimes fall into tired cliche terrority and the music is a little too slick in places, you have give the band an A for effort and genuiness.  The album is just good fun.
B000002546|3.0|I couldn't agree more with the reviews which waxed poetic about the S. Wonder tune &quot;Cause We've Ended As Lovers&quot;.  I was first exposed to that song in high school after I found my very serious girlfriend cheating on me - I was crushed...but that song captured how I FELT.  It is tender and sad, searing and angry, resigned and vengeful...an amazing piece.  The rest of the disc is solid - but for me &quot;Wired&quot; is a much better disc overall
6305546789|5.0|There is no need to review the movie.  It's a masterpiece.  Enuff said.  The real reason for my review is to inform you of the great extras Anchor Bay has added.  There is a half hour documentary called Halloween Unmasked that features insightful interviews with Carpenter, Curtis, et al in which they reveal great trivia.  (Did you know there is a real Mike Myers?  Did you know the mask is really a Captain Kirk mask spray painted white?) There are also tons of publicity stills, trivia facts, trailers, etc.  Definitely, a bargain.  Go get it.  This package is the best, period.
B000001GBJ|5.0|I found this music very special. It's not the \\"typical\\" Celtic music.  When I need to cry a little, I listen to this album!  It is beautiful, yet somewhat sad music.
B000005RY7|4.0|KISS Killers is another very good compilation.It features four newly recorded songs and a nice helping of their '70's rockers.    KISS Killers came about when (Music From)The Elder(see review)failed to make any favorable impression in on the European charts (though it did better there than in the U.S.A.,making #51 while it made #75 in the U.S.A).Phonogram acted quickly,they asked KISS to record four new songs for a greatest hits package.Michael James Jackson was hired to produce the four new songs.KISS Killers was released overseas only in the spring of 1982.It sold  modestly,climbing to #42 in Europe.    As for the four new songs,one is solely written by Paul(Nowhere To Run).The other three are co-written by Paul(I'm A Legend Tonight and Partners In Crime with Adam Mitchell and Down On Your Knees with Mikel Japp and B.Adams).    The four new songs on this compilation is a return to KISS's true rocking roots.Mr.Jackson does a very good job in capturing the true rocking spirit of the band.The band shows they can still rock and roll in more ways than one.These songs are as much rock and roll party tunes as the classic rockers that are mixed nicely with these new songs.Again,well done Mr.Jackson and KISS(Special Note:The reason why the logo is different on this than on other albums is simple to explain.In Germany,the rendering of the double lightning bolt S's in their logo are a dead ringer for the double S design for the nazi storm troopers known as the SS. It's illeagal to display nazi symbols in Germany.The punishment is imprisonment.KISS and Phonogram didn't want to take any chances,so a squarish double S design replaced the double lightning bolts on all their German posters,advertising and albums).    The best thing about this compilation is that the classic rockers are original recordings,not remixes that were on Double Platinum.In fact,the auto accident effect heard at the end of Detroit Rock City is actually heard here.Best of all,a live version of Rock and Roll All Nite,direct from the ALIVE album, is featured instead of the studio version.Plus,the addition of Shout It Out Loud is another reason why this compilation is worth having in your CD library.    So KISS fans everywhere.If you see KISS Killers anywhere,by all means buy it. No fans music library is complete without it.
B00003CXGG|1.0|Everyone told me &quot;man u just got to see this Jet Li guy, And Romeo must die is a great movie&quot;. In truth it is for a Comedy. I have never seen such rediculous stunt and Martial arts since &quot;Black belt Jones&quot; What a total joke. If your a critic of Martial arts Get this movie , You will laugh your rear off, But if you think to buy this as a serius action film, Don't Buy it.
B00000253N|5.0|The greatest album of the 70's. This is his best album. To make the album even better look for alternate versions of &quot;You're a  Big Girl Now&quot; and &quot;Shelter from the Storm&quot; on Napster. Also, get &quot;Up to Me&quot; from Biograph. It should have been on the album but wasn't.
0767817664|5.0|AWESOME 80's Vampire Flick.  Without going into detail about the storyline (because all of the other reviews reveal all you need to know), the cast was superb.  Peter Sarandon was simply the coolest customer as a vampire.  He and Roddy McDowell in the scene where Roddy discovers FAITH in the Cross was great.  It gives you that GOOD defeats EVIL feeling.  This movie has it all, from horror to humor with a little romance on the side.  I highly recommend this movie.
6301967992|5.0|This movie is probably the best movie I have ever seen. The good thing about the movie is that you never get tired from watching it. Eventhough I have watched it around 50 times, I always keep finding something new every time. Watch it and do not only watch it once!
B00004X01U|1.0|This album is absolutley terrible.  I think Madonna just wanted to get it over with when she made this album.  The production from whoever that French guy is you all keep talking about, is rediculous....what? did they just figure out how to use a keyboard and a sampler or something...did they just discover what MIDI is? come on, give me something better then the usual TR-808 sounds here.  Can we say CHEESY???  Just my 2 cents...
B00000J7J4|4.0|One cannot grow up in 70's America, have a dad who went to Vietnam,live in San Diego and not know whom Santana is.  But as I reached my teens I lost my interest in Carlos' evil ways.  Not until I heard Rob Thomas' crooning in tandem with the sweet intensity that is Santana did I fall back in love with this Latino superhero.  The entire album demonstrates Santana's ability to put his stamp on any genre.
B00004Z311|5.0|Legend has, since its release in 1985, been one of my favorite movies!<br />This is one of those movies where the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. <br />The visuals is plain astounding.<br />Everybody acts top-notch (I still think this is Cruise's to date best film!).<br />The music fits perfectly with the film.<br />and<br />The make-up, four words: Tim Curry as Darkness! <br />For those of us that have been waiting to see this movie with Goldsmith's score, we now have the possibility!<br />So, all we can do now is wait for the 21st of November, it's gonna be a loooong wait.
0440178002|5.0|I picked up &quot;Shogun&quot; years ago, and I've thumbed through my poor, worn paperback copy many times since then.<br />At first, I laughed at the humor of the culture clashes. I still do. But now, I'm more fascinated by the story, by the PEOPLE in the story.<br />It's made me appreciate Iyeasu Tokugawa even more than I already did. He was a great man, that not to be doubted.<br />I haven't been to Japan, so I can't say if this story is correct about Japanese culture. Besides, even it it WAS correct, things have changed since 1600.<br />This story has a captivating hold on a person. I found myself unable to put it down, and when I was finally done, I found myself disappointed by the fact that there wasn't more. I could have been content if the book had gone on forever.
B000002BBY|4.0|I didn't particularly expect to enjoy anything by Oasis...their whole additude towards the world is, to say the least, a bit off putting.  But after someone lent me a collection of CDs for a week, this was the only one I felt compelled to buy for myself and listen to more.  Though there's only one or two songs that actually make me think, it's fun to listen to and good rock and all that.  I only just got it, so I don't know how it'll hold up in the long run, but right now I'm enjoying it (and I got it used, very cheap).
B00003CX8J|5.0|It's really an astonishing event when both sides of the comic-book spectrum (love them vs. hate them) can sit together in the dark and come out flushed with excitement over something magical, mature, and just plain entertaining.  Bryan Singer's movie is so enjoyable and -- natural -- that it's raised expectations for superhero movies for years to come.  Beautiful women, handsome men, noble heroes, and gnarly villains with depth and -- gasp! -- good dialogue fill the screen.  Full of humanity and pathos, X-Men delivers in a way superhero movies haven't delivered since Christopher Reeve flew around town on a wire.<br />While the movie delivers on its promises, it is -- inarguably -- too short, which just whets our appetites for a sequel (instead of causing us to dread one).  Production design, sound design, costumes, and, most of all, the spot-on, witty performances gel to form a whopping good time.  I highly recommend this movie.  It will soon be part of my DVD collection -- no question.
B000002HMH|1.0|Tell me, what happened to the classic thrash sound of Metallica? When I had it I liked one song and that was King Nothing but now to me this CD is worth nothing.  Metallica is known to the world as a HEAVY METAL band, not alternative which they've turned into now. Do not get this piece of garbage under any circunstance. Buy something like Kill em All or Master pf Puppets and stay far away from this one because this is NOT Metallica.
B00004S6GL|4.0|I'd never heard Elliot Smith before, only knew that a lot art-school dorks dig him and eat up his tickets for Irving Plaza whenever he's in NYC.  Someone gave me this and I just popped it in while pushing some pixels to see how long it would be before I ejected it.  Never happened.  One of the best damn free cds I ever got.  This is Beatle-esque without being pretentious and overt like Oasis or jangly and hokey like the Mommyheads. This is grounded pop with emotional offerings, tolerable lyrics and a solid rock arrangement -- as well as some nice, surprise acoustic tracks.  I like bands that are a bit more &quot;artsy&quot; I suppose (My Bloody Valentine,Radiohead,Mr. Bungle,Bjork), but Smith still appeals. Elliot Smith: Not just for art-school dorks anymore.  He rawks.  Get it.
6300214370|5.0|Footloose is probably one of my favorite top 5 movies of all times.  As soon as I pop in the tape, my bad move lifts, and I get inspired to go work out!  The music, the man, the mood!  How can you not love it!  The performances are believable, and coming from a small town, I can totally understand the preachers daughter!  If you've never seen it, rent it or buy it, TODAY!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Where do I start when there is so much to tell about Gladiator, the best roman epic ever! One can start with its biggest start Russell Crowe, who in my opinion has instantly established himself into a premier Hollywood ICON with his role as \\"Maximus the great.\\" His role is so intense that it commands respect and well desired. Everything from the visuals to the fright scenes is unmatched ever. Watching this movie is like taking a time machine back to ancient Rome in a time of lost greatness and chivalry. Without a doubt, Gladiator is a must see.
B000002LIM|5.0|Danny Elfman always has a way of bring out the music in a movie and making it more than beautiful. I am very fond of this soundtrack and I think it is really worth listening to. So I encourage all to buy it!
0671042858|4.0|I read this book straight after I finished Bag of Bones. The latter was different than the usual for Stephen King, the same goes for this book. It might have been just a little more scary, but still I kept on flipping those pages and could not wait to finish it. The book is unusually short for King but still I think it deserves the 4 stars. I found the ending a little disappointing but I am sure that with a second reading I discover new elements. King is good (full stop).
6300214753|5.0|I disagree with the person who said u're kids wouldn't like it as much as you did.  My dad and I just watched this on TV and it's my new favourite movie!  I loved it!  It's so funny and Mathew Brodderick is just SO GOOD in it!!  I loved this and I know a whole bunch of kids who love it also!  It's hilarious, especially when he sings Twist and Shout atop a parade float in downtown chicago!  I reccomend this to anyone with a sense of humour!!
B000007T2Z|5.0|help the homeless.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Blind Guardian, the brilliant German Metal band, have created a true masterpiece with this album. 100% about J. R. R.  Tolkien's &quot;The Silmarillion&quot;, the album is, like the book, very emotional and sad, yet powerful and glorious. Here you'll hear  songs about Ungoliant and Morgoth, about Feanor's crimes and curse, about the elves' battles against Morgoth... the lyrics are  excellent, very powerful and sad, most of them being from characters speaking in the first person, instead of a narrator talking about them. This is IMHO easily the best album of 1998, and one of the most amazing I've heard in all my life. Try it if you like Tolkien, or good music. If you don't like Metal, don't worry... buy it anyway. Trust me.
1891252089|5.0|This is it...if you want to learn Ashtanga Yoga, this is the book for you. It has lots of pictures, lots of illustrations, lots of explanations, what more can you ask for? :) If you can't attend an actual class, this is the &quot;next best thing.&quot;
B00001SIES|5.0|Muse have managed to fuse the best of the alternative rock spirit into their outstanding album. While Radiohead, Smashing Pumpkins and others have an obvious influence on their style, Muse extracted the most beautiful and tender themes to create an overwhelming masterpiece. This is a true diamond, which keeps amazing me every time I listen to it. Each song delivers some other nuance. Outstanding!
6303022901|1.0|it is not that great of book or movie it is the worst i have ever seen.  i will never watch it again  chris
B000002HK4|5.0|I can sum up this album in one word:  WOW!  I would gladly have paid the price I did only for the opening track, but if that wasn't enough, DT had to go and cover some great songs.  But let's start at the beginning.  A Change of Seasons is just amazing.  It takes you through time changes, mood swings and every jam you've come to expect from DT.  But, for me, the highlight of this album is about 1 minute long, on Funeral For A Friend.  The guitar solo towards the beginning (about 2 minutes in, I think) is outstanding.  It just tears into your soul, you can almost feel the angst of EJ when he wrote this song.  The rest of the songs rock too, especially the last two, where they cover Zeppelin and a host of other bands, including Kansas, Queen, Journey, Floyd, Genesis and the Dixie Dregs.  But that guitar solo... wow....
031286504X|5.0|In 1954, Richard Matheson published a novel that would influence so many future generations of science-fiction and horror writers and film directors. Matheson's body of work prior to 1954 could be summed up as good but nothing too exciting. His work thus far overlapped such pulp genres as horror, science-fiction and fantasy. This style would be the hallmark of his brand of story-telling. This style could truly be seen in his epic and greatest work to date: I Am Legend.<br /><br />I Am Legend takes the vampire tale and brings it out of the shadows and darkness, so to speak. Set in the late 1970's, I Am Legend begins its tale with humanity pretty much on the quick path to extinction due to a pandemic where the bactirium or virus involved causes symptoms very similar to what folklore calls vampirism. The protagonist of this tale is one Robert Neville. An unassuming man living in a Los Angeles suburban neighborhood who may just be the only living human being, or at least the only un-infected one, on the face of the planet. Neville's been reduced to a day-to-day routine of defending his fortified home from the vampire-like infected humans who've tried attacking him and his home once night falls. This routine has become so ingrained in Neville that it starts him on a downward spiral to utter despair. He knows that he may just be the only human left and the prospect of such an idea almost becomes too much for his psyche.<br /><br />His attempts to solve the mystery of why he's the only one not affected by the disease becomes his way of keeping himself sane. Neville's work in trying to find the answer leads him to take chances in keeping a vampire survivor alive and bound instead of just killing it outright. His experiments ranges from disproving the myths surrounding the vampire creature and ackowledging the scientific and/or psychological explanations to certain behavioral traits of these nocturnal creatures. Neville's studies on captured vampires tell him why certain things like garlic and sunlight causes such an extreme reaction on these creatures. Why do they have a certain invulnerability towards bullets but not a stake through the heart. He even surmises that the vampires aversion to crucifix is more psychological than anything supernatural. Neville arrives at this after observing a vampire's reaction to a Star of David is similar to the reaction of another one towards the crucifix.<br /><br />It's events such as these which puts I Am Legend in a category all by itself. It still uses themes of horror which the vampires fulfill to great effect, but it also does a great job of taking the vampire tale out of the supernatural realm and into the scientific and logical. Neville's attempts to keep himself sane, as his loneliness begin to weigh on his psyche and health, through these studies and experiments adds a level of the science-fiction to this tale. It's the combination of these two genres which makes I Am Legend such an epic tale in scope yet it's not that which gives the tale its heaviest impact. It's Neville himself, more to the point, his desperate situation of being the last man on earth weighing on his mind. This tone gives this apocalyptic vampire tale such an intimate feel that the reader hopes and wishes for some sort of peaceful end to Neville, better yet some hope that he might find clues that he might not be the last.<br /><br />As the story moves forward, the line between who is human, who is monster and who is the true survivor become blurred as Neville's forays into the city for supplies lead him to a community of others who have not succumbed to the monstrous effect of the pandemic. It's this discovery that gives Neville a semblance of hope which momentarily lifts the heavy weight of inevitability from his mind. But not everything is at it seems at first glance. Neville finds this out as his encounters with this thriving community continue to give him more and more insight as to how they've survived. The climactic end to this tale has become such a classic ending that any other resolution wouldn't have worked. The end worked as the best possible ending to Matheson's tale. It also gives the books title a deeper and more profound meaning to it.<br /><br />I Am Legend will continue to go down in literary history as one of the best examples of fantastic literature. It's seemless blending of horror, science-fiction and the apocalyptic gives the tale both an epic and intimate feel and tone. It's not wonder the very themes and premise of this story has influenced such horror writers and filmmakers as Stephen King (The Stand, Salem's Lot) and George A. Romero (Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, Day of the Dead). I Am Legend takes the vampire tale out of the shadows and darkness it usually in habits and brings it out to the light of science and logic with surprising results. A true classic piece of writing from Richard Matheson and one that still stands as the benchmark for apocalyptic tales.climactic end to this tale has become such a classic ending that any other resolution wouldn't have worked. The end worked as the best possible ending to Matheson's tale. It also gives the books title a deeper and more profound meaning to it. <br /> <br />I Am Legend will continue to go down in literary history as one of the best examples of fantastic literature. It's seemless blending of horror, science-fiction and the apocalyptic gives the tale both an epic and intimate feel and tone. It's not wonder the very themes and premise of this story has influenced such horror writers and filmmakers as Stephen King (The Stand, Salem's Lot) and George A. Romero (Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, Day of the Dead). I Am Legend takes the vampire tale out of the shadows and darkness it usually in habits and brings it out to the light of science and logic with surprising results. A true classic piece of writing from Richard Matheson and one that still stands as the benchmark for apocalyptic tales.
B000002IAZ|3.0|Don't you dare buy this CD.  For a measly 24 more bucks, you can own all 3 Springfield CDs from Amazon.  Nobody ever agrees with all the choices on a best hits album, but if you limit your Springfield collection to Retrospective, you are going to miss, Four Days Gone, The Hour of Not Quite Rain, Special Care, Burned and a bunch more great songs.<br />My less than superlative rating (3 stars) is for what is not on here, rather than what is.  No matter what your age, experience or reason for wanting Buffalo Springfield music, this was a special band in a special era, and you do want it all, especially because it's all on 3 albums.  Trust Stenchy on this!
B00001QGPR|2.0|This is a tough review for me to write. Simply beacuse I'm such a big fan of the guy. But we've hit some familar ground here with &quot;hours&quot;. (I'm not talking &quot;Hunky Dory&quot; or &quot;Low&quot; ground either) Hours seems to have a lot in common with discs like &quot;Tonight&quot; and &quot;Never Let Me Down&quot; ones in which, over-produced and boring songs make up the core of work. I find it strange to think that the same guy who wrote such wonderful tunes like - Fame, Life On Mars, Rock n Roll Suicide, Young Americans, Ashes to Ashes, Changes, Ziggy...etc, could make such bland music. Don't get me wrong and say I just like old Bowie, thats not the case at all. I think &quot;Earthling&quot; was pure magic and I liked &quot;Outside&quot; quite a bit as well. What on earth happened to that direction??? I happen to own all David's records apart from &quot;Never Let Me Down&quot; and this one - I just believe he hit a huge bump in the creative road.<br />I do like a few tracks on here, so it's not all throw-away. Seven is a fine number, it just doesn't sound like Bowie. The Pretty Things... sounds like a left-over from the Earthling sessions (which is fine) and well the rest, is rather boring.<br />To me what has become lost is the energy and raw industrial feel of the last 2 records. I don't hear that amazing band that I know is there and David's vocals seem reserved and way too studio-esque. Now I'm not asking for a techno record or a dance record or even a hard rock record. This is just a weak record by someone who rarely does weak records. &quot;Hours&quot; is better off on VH1 Storytellers than in your collection.
B000031XCR|2.0|Celine Dion can belt it out with the best of them, no question about it.  Her greatest hits album (which actually has seven new songs on it) proves that.  However, the songs on which she chooses to unleash her voice are pedestrian at best and cringe-inducing at worst.  I still believe her best song was the first song she released in English, &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot;.  Decent lyrics, good arrangements.  &quot;Beauty And The Beast&quot; wasn't bad, either.  And I liked &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; the first few times I heard it, but after the seven-hundredth playing it made me want to scream.  Celine also has a tendency to oversing--&quot;Power of Love,&quot; which in its original version was rather subtle, is belted out at top volume.  And she hasn't quite managed to lose the French accent in her singing voice; some of the pronunciations can border on laughable (e.g. &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;).  Still, she's huge, she's sold tons of records, and my opinion is just that.  I just wish that she would sing songs worthy of her voice rather than just doing Diane Warren songs.
0440219078|4.0|Jonas is living in a controlled community where everything seems to be perfect. Everyone is the same. There is no color, emotions, and such to separate them from one another. Beginning and ending in December, every child born within that year is in a group together in which they all progress at the same pace. The newborn children are placed in a nurturing center until the next December comes along. Then they are each distributed to a family unit that has applied for a child after being cared for by The Nurturers. Family units have two children, a boy and a girl. Every year a ceremony in December is held that advances all children born in the same year up to the next age. In the Ceremony of One children receive names, Ceremony of Nine children receive Bicycles, Ceremony of Twelve children receive jobs, and so on. Jonas is nearing the 'Ceremony of Twelve' at which he and his group of Twelves will be receiving their assignments. After being presented to the community as The Receiver, the highest position of honor, he is to begin receiving his training from The Giver, who will give him memories of life's pain and pleasure. Jonas soon discovers that the community is not as perfect as he had once thought.  I enjoyed reading The Giver and gaining an idea of how cruel one would have to be in order to support perfection. The situations of our lives in this imperfect world that could not be prevented and the ways in which those situations were attended to in the controlled community were interesting to think about. I believe that The Giver is a genuinely entertaining book for all ages.
B00004RF8J|5.0|Movies are a chance to escape.  To get away and be entertained for a couple hours, so when LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS was released on dvd, I had to have it, despite what any of my friends said.  I know, its quite the flamboyant picture, and I think thats why its so irresistable.  The music is great, epsecially when presented in dolby digital 5.1.  The sound is dynamic on this disk, especially when the plant falls over from time to time, subwolfer kicks in quite naturally.  The plot is wickedly entertaining, and STEVE MARTIN as a sadistic dentist is hilarious.  Numerous cameos plague the film, making it even more enjoyable. The extras are great, and the commentary very informative.  Frank Oz, you rock dude.  The one true musical I can stomach.  HIGHLY RECCOMMENDED!!
B00000251N|5.0|When I was growing up, it wasn't &quot;cool&quot; to like Neil Diamond.  After hearing the this soundtrack, though, I didn't care.  I'm a big R. Bach fan and when I found this soundtrack, I bought it immediately and even hunted down the movie (remember, this was before the Internet and these things weren't so common *g*).  The music is superbly orchestrated and beautifully sung.  Neil Diamond's voice is perfect for these songs.  The album (vinyl, that is) version of this soundtrack has a booklet with all the words and you can't help but be uplifted by the songs.  This soundtrack captured the spirit of Jonathan Livingston Seagull perfectly.
B00004RFFI|4.0|&quot;It's a very pretty truck.&quot;<br />Let's just forget for a moment that the acting in the film is slightly better than mediocre. And let's also forget that little speech at the beginning about tornados and warning systems...<br />Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton turn out nearly believable performances in this film about tornado hunters in Oklahoma.<br />The plot: Girl finds tornado. Girl loses tornado. Girl finds boy. Girl loses boy. Girl gets tornado and boy.<br />At its core, this film is another eye/ear candy flick just like The Matrix. The visual effects are outstanding. Widescreen allows you to see more of the film... and more of the supporting cast! The sound on this DVD makes you think that you are there! If you have a home theater system with surround sound, this DVD MUST be part of your collection.<br />The extra &quot;goodies&quot; on the DVD, while nice, are not the big perks; the sound and picture are.<br />My ratings from 1 to 5 stars:<br /> The picture: 5 stars<br /> The sound: 5 stars<br /><br />The acting: 3 stars<br /> The plot: 4 stars<br />Buy this DVD for the effects and you will not be disappointed.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|While Brave... is selling like hotcakes (ie. big numbers) in Europe, Asia and South America; it is selling like creamed spinach (ie. small numbers) in North America (NA).<br />When this cd was originally released; I knew of not only fans of this genre of power/progressive/classic metal, but also competing bands playing this music, wanting Maiden's recording to 'sell like hotcakes' in NA, in hope that it would lead to a revival for this music in NA, which has been completely ignored despite recent excellent recordings by Helloween, Gamma Ray, Savatage, Fates Warning, Blind Guardian, Iced Earth, Stratovarius, Hammerfall, Nocturnal Rites to name a few.<br />There are no 'rockers/kickers/toe tappers' on Brave New World like &quot;Run to the Hills&quot;, &quot;Prisoner&quot;, &quot;Where Eagles Dare&quot;, &quot;Flight of Icarus&quot;, &quot;Two Minutes to Midnight&quot;, &quot;Wasted Years&quot;, &quot;Can I play with Madness&quot; etc which are found on their classic recordings.<br />This is unfortunate because, with a great stage show and a great PR man with the music press in Bruce Dickinson; Iron Maiden is probably the only band today of this genre of power/progressive/classic metal that rock stations in North America today will consider playing; but they will only play such 'rockers/kickers/toe tappers'.<br />Thus, while Brave New World is a mighty fine recording, and the overall quality of songs in it are just as good as the songs found in their Number to the Beast to Seventh Son of a Seventh Son period; the lack of such a 'rocker/kicker/toe tapper' type of song has drastically hurt their sales in NA and may have hurt a potential revival of this form of music.
B000002C4J|5.0|This is a great album! Why is it getting picked on so much here? So what if it's lush, full-melodied and always talking about love? Is it necessary to have a raw edge to sing emotionally ALWAYS? Is it necessary to always talk about anger instead of happiness? Grunge fans can have their angry music. I'll stick with this uplifting music. The best songs are &quot;Tell Him&quot;, the title track, &quot;To Love You More&quot; and &quot;Immortality&quot;. The Titanic theme is played out, but it cannot be denied that it is very powerful. Good album!
B000002TQV|5.0|The Bends. The sound of nerves stretching, lungs collapsing, hearts breaking.  It begins with desolation and ends with desolation.  A cold wind blows across the world, ushering in Planet Telex's rich array of tastes and textures, Thom Yorke sounding frighteningly like Chrissie Hyndes as he opines &quot;everything is broken&quot;.  The Bends kind of justifies those U2 comparisons, but is infinitely more refined, articulate and humorous - &quot;I wish it was the 60s, I wish I could be happy, I wish, I wish, I wish that something would happen&quot; - debunking the 90s overdose on nostalgia and recycled ideas. High and Dry is simply gorgeous, a cautionary tale of love thrown away, while Fake Plastic Trees is so beautiful, so forlorn, so heart rending it is almost unbearable.... If I could be who you wanted.  All the time. <br />Onward. Just is loud, frantic, cathartic. My Iron Lung evokes Dear Prudence before nose diving into hell - Johnny Greenwood coaxing all kinds of disonant, brutal sounds from his guitar while the rest of the band attempt to keep up with him. Bullet Proof is a mere ripple on the surface, a whisper of loss and longing which ushers in the magnificent Black Star. Street Spirit marks the end of the trail, a hallucinogenic nightmare in minor chords. A stark arpeggio guitar mantra broods beneath vocals drenched in despair - &quot;I can feel death, can see it's beady eyes&quot; as the song builds to an almost overwhelming climax as Thom urges you to &quot;immerse your soul in love&quot;.  Good advice.
B000002MFN|4.0|This is probably Madonna's most cynical, sneering, coldest album to date. It is vastly underrated. From slow jams like &quot;Erotica&quot; (what a lovely way to burn, indeed) to fast dance songs such as &quot;Deeper And Deeper&quot; to slow ballads such as the heartfelt &quot;Bad Girl&quot; and the incredible &quot;Rain&quot;, this has it all. The humorous &quot;Where Life Begins&quot; also requires a listen.
B000000OSW|5.0|Desires, relationships, communication, the struggle of being imperfect humans in an imperfect world...Grace, and what it means to love and live in this world. All of these things echo throughout this collection of songs. \\"US\\" is one of my favorite recordings. It has a depth that few others in my collection have ever even come close to matching.<br />The music varies greatly in sound and style; with all of it working to great effect:<br />The pulsing rhythms of the percussion on \\"Love to be Loved\\" flow as a gentle undercurrent working in combination with very understated keyboards. The way the instrumental music on this song serves as a canvass for Gabriel's whisper-like vocals is pure genius. The song itself is about cutting loose the habitual need for human love. It is a musically gentle yet emotionally searing exposition on the pain caused when a relationship dies.<br />The \\"Blood of  Eden\\" contains some of the most beautiful lyrics ever written in English (just my not-so-humble opinion). It speaks of the human habit of constantly starting to love, to seek union, without taking stock of our true selves and our true motives. It speaks of coming to the realization of who one really is with beautiful language:  \\"I caught sight of my reflection, I caught it in the window; I saw the darkness in my heart. I saw the signs of my undoing. They had been there from the start.\\"  It speaks of our wanting union. The song begins by focusing on the union of women and men. Upon deeper reflection the song moves on to speak of a deeper need for union than the marital framework provides:  \\"I can hear the distant thunder of a million unheard souls, of a million unheard souls-watch each one reach for creature comfort for the filling of their holes.\\"  One should look at this particular song in the context of the main theme of this album: relationships. In the context of the language of these songs and the theme of relationships, it is notable that the way in which the \\"Blood of Eden\\" speaks of the desire of union between people is much the same as it (and a few of the other songs) later comes to phrase the desire of union with something higher-namely: God. The desire for union with God is wholly natural. It is what we were created for. It is the only way can truly be fulfilled. However, when we begin to put God-like expectations on our relationships with others, we are bound to fail. It is desire of this kind of union, that of one person to another with expectations that only God can fulfill, that is at the root of much of the pain expressed in this album-and if we are honest-our own lives.<br />\\"Washing of the Water\\" is a song that I can relate to in a very deep way. It is possibly my favorite track on the disc. For those who have found themselves adrift in the seeming nothingness of this life, this song speaks eloquently of how hard it is to finally find freedom in that very sense of what  can only be termed as \\"adrift-ness\\".  The very river we are drowning in can lift us up when we pass through the roar and ceaseless motion of our daily lives. Having done this one may enter into the silence; where we are able to hear that still, small voice. It is then, and only then, in that total surrender to our loving Father's will, that we grasp the direction and purpose of this life. In this peace, in this truth we are finally at rest and capable of not only laying aside our pain, but upon further consideration of it, to realize that it too is joy.<br />\\"Secret World\\", the final track, serves as a retrospective summation of the theme of relationships that permeates the entire recording. The summation is not a statement but a question that each of us who has ever experienced the death of a relationship would do well to ponder over: \\"in all the places we were hiding love, what was it we were thinking of?\\"<br />The other tracks of the album are wonderful as well. \\"Kiss That Frog\\" is endearingly humorous. \\"Come Talk To Me\\" heroically kicks off the album and contains some great lyrics. \\"Steam\\" is a typical Peter Gabriel expression (dare I say celebration) of lust. \\"Only Us\\" is a powerful statement of self-awareness and the journey back to the land we once called home. \\"Digging in the Dirt\\" combines the beauty and rage encountered when we make that self-discovery. \\"Fourteen Black Paintings\\" is a truly beautiful musical/spoken word piece about the temporal reality of humanity.<br />This album confronts the listener about the challenges inherent in being human. It is one of my favorite albums. It leads one to cry out for grace-and that cry, when answered, leads us to fulfillment. I give this disc my highest recommendation.m and contains some great lyrics. \\"Steam\\" is a typical Peter Gabriel expression (dare I say celebration) of lust. \\"Only Us\\" is a powerful statement of self-awareness and the journey back to the land we once called home. \\"Digging in the Dirt\\" combines the beauty and rage encountered when we make that self-discovery. \\"Fourteen Black Paintings\\" is a truly beautiful musical/spoken word piece about the temporal reality of humanity. <br />This album confronts the listener about the challenges inherent in being human. It is one of my favorite albums. It leads one to cry out for grace-and that cry, when answered, leads us to fulfillment. I give this disc my highest recommendation.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine leaves her fans with this greatest-hits album as she takes her two-year sabbatical from the music biz. It certainly doesn't disappoint. Anyone who says Celine can't sing should listen to songs like &quot;The Power Of Love&quot;, &quot;To Love You More&quot; and &quot;Because You Loved Me&quot; and then say that honestly. Anyone who says she only screeches, listen to &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot;, &quot;beauty &amp; The Beast&quot; and &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot;. She shows ultimate control of her voice. The best songs, to me, are all the ones mentioned above, plus &quot;I Want You To need Me&quot;, &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; and &quot;Live&quot;. Buy this album!
B00004YM0D|5.0|Remember the Titans was filmed at my school, Berry College, so of course this music reminds me of having the beautiful Denzel on my campus.
B000002LND|5.0|This CD chronicles most of Madonna's hits from 1983-1990. From the astro-flavored &quot;Lucky Star&quot; to the sexy, sensual &quot;Justify My Love&quot;, Madonna matures fully on this CD. So what if she doesn't have the best voice in the world? The songs fit her voice perfectly. Much better and catchier than any pop music out today. Pick this one up!
B00000JTB2|4.0|This is an entertaining cd for any true blue blues fan. Two masters of blues. Old with the new, not vs. This was my introduction to Albert King and his wild guitar riffs and smooth blues voice which makes me think about Eric Clapton. Just hearing the two talk during several pauses between songs is enough to make this album a must including the same song that Albert did with Hendrix and Joplin, guess who got to do Jimi's part? Stevie Ray, who maybe the only electric blues rocker to set foot in the highest levels of the Hendrixian territory that even the greatest living guitarists work for like Clapton, Santana, and the newest prodigies Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Mato Nanjii and the likes. There is truly a huge connection to Jimi Hendrix and the travels of the blues. Jimi's idol and his far away student playing together. This cd has a lot of magic and a great deal of liner notes that will make you laugh. Worth every penny and a set of songs that you can listen to endless times without tiring of them. Not to mention the cd is over an hour long, so it's not cut short in the least, it's a whole concert. Almost like VH1 storytellers. Also this has great sound quality for a live performance.
B000002LGQ|5.0|Madonna's best eighties work is here, on this album. The stunning title track with it's awesome video (I never understood what all the fuss was about) and &quot;Express Yourself&quot; with it's extremely HOT video are mature Madonna all the way. No contrived dance beats here--melody and music stand tall and firm. &quot;Cherish&quot; is a sweet, catchy, bouncy &quot;day at the beach&quot; song, &quot;Keep It Together&quot; is an upbeat ode to family, and &quot;Oh Father&quot; is a deep, personal song about Madonna's lifelong difficulties. The unreleased songs such as &quot;Death Do Us Part&quot;, &quot;Promise To Try&quot;, &quot;Dear Jessie&quot; and &quot;Spanish Eyes&quot; are also excellent songs. The only stumbler is the duet with Prince. Great CD for Madonna fans!
0201485672|5.0|This book is fantastic for many reasons - foremost in my list because it indirectly teaches what good OOP looks and feels like in implementation. Many books try to do this, but don't quite do it the way this one does it for me. This book shows you how to detect &quot;smells&quot; in code that need attention. More interesting is how a so-so/poor program can be turned into an elegant piece of engineering that is simpler to read and understand.<br />In addition:<br />* It's well written.<br />* Indirectly shows you how to make better OO code<br />* Section on identifying &quot;bad smells&quot; in code is dead on.<br />* JUnit - a testing framework introduced in the book is fantastic.<br />Must get. - Best programming related book I have read this year (2000).
B000002L9S|5.0|&quot;Like A Virgin&quot; was the record that made Madonna known. &quot;True Blue&quot; was the record that solidified it. This is a mature, thought-provoking, musical record. The huge hit &quot;Papa Don't preach&quot; talks of a very important issue. &quot;True Blue&quot; is a bouncy good time. &quot;Open Your Heart&quot; is an out and out dance song (anyone catch that video? HOT DOG!) And of course, there's &quot;Live To Tell&quot;, my favorite song. It is lush yet raw, proving that Madonna can sing and sing well. &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot; is more Latin than anything out today. The rest of the songs are great as well.
0201485672|5.0|This book is fantastic for many reasons - foremost in my list because it indirectly teaches what good OOP looks and feels like in implementation. Many books try to do this, but don't quite do it the way this one does it for me. This book shows you how to detect &quot;smells&quot; in code that need attention. More interesting is how a so-so/poor program can be turned into an elegant piece of engineering that is simpler to read and understand.<br />In addition:<br />* It's well written.<br />* Indirectly shows you how to make better OO code<br />* Section on identifying &quot;bad smells&quot; in code is dead on.<br />Must get. - Best programming related book I have read this year (2000).
B00004RFCM|5.0|From the creative mind of producer Darren Star (television's &quot;Melrose Place&quot;)comes this excellent, witty, and energetic series of four girlfriends living in New York City and exploring the topic that was once exclusively for men when it came to conversation, &quot;sex.&quot;  Based on the bestselling book by Candace Bushnell, &quot;Sex and the City&quot; revolves around the lives of four young, urban professional in search of the perfect relationship and orgasm.<br />Sarah Jessica Parker (&quot;Honeymoon in Vegas&quot; ; &quot;LA Story&quot;) plays Carrie Bradshaw, a weekly columnist for a local paper, who writes a column regarding sex and relationships in the big city. Kim Catrall (&quot;Masquerade&quot;; &quot;Mannequin&quot;) is Samantha,  a big time publicist. Cynthia Nixon (&quot;The Out-of-Towners&quot;-1999 version) plays Miranda, a lawyer and Kristin Davis Plays Charlotte, an art gallery curator who is a bit prudish when it comes to sex.<br />When these four Manhattanites get together, they do cause a commotion in whatever they do, and on this two-disc set, HBO Video treats viewers with the first twelve episodes of the popular new series where anything (and mostly everything) goes. <br />The episodes which explore such topics as monogamy, threesomes, baby showers, and other topics that normal to the everyday denizen of a large metropolitan mecca such as New York contain the most wittiest scripts and scenarios that I have ever seen on television. Due to the lack of network censors, &quot;Sex and the City&quot; popularity thrives on its' ability to use profanity, sex, nudity, and other adult themes that are taboo on broadcast stations. <br />The show also contains other delightful character that win will you over as a new fan. Chris Noth (television's &quot;Law &amp; Order&quot;) is always excellent in whatever role he takes, and as Carrie's love interest , &quot;Mr. Big&quot;, he will swoon you with his charm and elegance. And what would the averageheterosexual girl living in the big city be without her gay best friend? In Carrie's case, her best gay friend, Stanford, is her very own Rupert Everett. His tales of dating in the gay scene, in addition to his flamboyance will cause you to both have pity and amusement for this funny sidekick.<br />While this show will mainly appeal to urban women and gay men, it should be viewed and enjoyed by all. With all the recent network rip-offs airing on television already (e.g. UPN's &quot;Girlfriends&quot;), I can guarantee it would be worth your time and money to purchase this series and enjoy what can be called the most original television comedy in recent years at home. <br />The DVD edition contains a great motion main menu powered by a flavorful salsa beat, and some of the special features on the set include DVD-Rom web links to related sites, a behind-the-scenes look at the making of the series, episode previews, language selection (English and Spanish tracks), and subtitles (English and French subtitles). <br />I am anxiously awaiting the second season to be released on DVD. I have e-mailed HBO Video, but they haven't replied to my e-mail yet, but if anyone from the company is reading this, please be aware that fans are hungrily awaiting for more seasons to be released on this great format!
B000002JSN|5.0|Led Zeppelin's double album, the last great album, is without a doubt a masterpiece (that, ZOSO, Houses of the Holy,and ITTOD, my personal faves). What makes these 2CDs work is the fact that songs recorded between the album's release (1974-75) were blended with earlier unreleased Zeppelin songs (1970-73)...I guess that explains why Houses of the Holy(the song on PG) wasn't on Houses of the Holy..the album. Nevertheless, the combination was well worth it. And like the Beatles White Album, the Led-ed fellows did very well on experimenting with synthesizers, classy guitar riffs, and Robert Plant's wailing to the top of his lungs. You just gotta love Jimmy Page's Bron-yr-Aur, A very soothing acoustic ditty. It may be short, but it's worth listening to again and again. This album is a must-have for every household.
B0000019PA|5.0|The first 3 times I listened to it, I was also bothered by his... unconventional singing style.  Then, I got accustomed to it, and it didn't really bother me anymore.  And then one day, while listening in the car, I tried to sing along with the cd note-for-note and found that I could not do it!  And I started to gain an appreciation for just how amazing a singer he really is. He imbues each and every note with so much energy that, when I listen to it, I feel a bit of that energy transferring into me.  Sure, there are still a couple of harsh moments here and there, but still, you won't care--the lyrics are gorgeous and the instrumentation wonderful (especially the untitled song!).  In summary, although I bought nearly 100 cd's in the last year, I consider this one to be the best of them all.  Believe the hype!
B000002JSN|5.0|Listening to that CRAPPY,DOUCHEBAG song &quot;Come with me&quot; by Puff Daddy which was a sample of Kashmir made me go out and buy Physical Graffiti. This goes to show that trying to sample the best songs (even the classics), proves that today's artists, whether pop, r&amp;b or rap have ran out of ideas when it comes to creating original music! If they (including Puffy) was trying to pay tribute to the artists of yesterday, then they're doing a piss-poor job. (John Bonham, who co-wrote Kashmir with Page &amp; Plant is definately rolling over in his grave). Led Zeppelin's double album, the last great album, is without a doubt a masterpiece (that, ZOSO, Houses of the Holy,and ITTOD, my personal faves). What makes these 2CDs work is the fact that songs recorded between the album's release (1974-75) were blended with earlier unreleased Zeppelin songs (1970-73)...I guess that explains why Houses of the Holy(the song on PG) wasn't on Houses of the Holy..the album. Nevertheless, the combination was well worth it. And like the Beatles White Album, the Led-ed fellows did very well on experimenting with synthesizers, classy guitar riffs, and Robert Plant's wailing to the top of his lungs. You just gotta love Jimmy Page's Bron-yr-Aur, A very soothing acoustic ditty. It may be short, but it's worth listening to again and again. This album is a must-have for every household. I know just about every fan of LZ has bought this Cd as well as the re-releases, and if you haven't, BUY THIS CD QUICK BEFORE PUFF DADDY GET MORE WEIRD IDEAS!
B000006NPY|5.0|adore-very addictive! this was the very first album that i brought, in 98, from the pumpkins. Now, in 2k, i'm a huge fan of the pumpkins.<br />  ok, just before i get to the album and the songs id like to write something for the people who are trying to find which album to get for the pumpkins; if your looking for their hard rock and metal work go to saimese dreams or gish. if your looking for their more goth rock music go to mellion collie. if your looking for their newer work/last offical album or newer sounds go to machina. and if your looking for there deppresing, dream pop side you've come to the right place........and if your looking for smashing pumpkins &quot;best&quot; album go to mellion collie (it has just about all the song your looking for) or again machina if you watching mtv, in 2k. but don't buy pisces isariot unless your a real fan.<br />the album: smashing pumpkins most deppressing, sad, industrial like album. the album is not something you will like instently, you will need to listen to it 3-8 times to hear the magic of Adore. the album sounds very different from the rest of the pumpkins albums (except machina).<br />the songs: -to shelia is the first song; very sweet lyrics, billys voice is wonderful, simple music. -ava adore; an love song for the gothic and dark, great music and lyrics, there are six song that are very memorable in adore and this song is one of em.    -Perfect; another memorable song, simple lyrics with such great meaning, nice music, many could relate to the song. - daphne descends; i personal hate this song, lyrics, music is irratting, to me, you might like it.  -  once upon a time ; dream pop disscribies it the most, not bad.  tear- very nice song, deppressing, sad. -crestfallen; another memorable song, many could relate to the lyrics, another sad and depressing song. -apples + oranges; don't let the tittle confuse you, another memorale song, here the first lyircs to the song &quot;What if the sun refused to shine?&quot; , that discries the song well. - pug &amp; - the tale of d + pp; both very similar lyrics and music , dream pop. -annie dog &amp; - shame; both deppressing and sad, same type of lyrics and music, only shame is simpler than annie. the next three very similer, all memorable, piano solo, deppresing and sad ballads.   17 - most memorable cann't tell you about it or i'll blow it for everyone. <br />above all this album is highly addictive. there are many deppressing song but don't let that get to you. if you like this album try machina.
B00004X01U|5.0|i think this is a great mixture of disco and electronic stuff (Impressive instant, runaway lover) and slow ballad songs (what it feels like for a girl, paradise. I love this album and im sure im going to be listening to it for a long time.
B000006NPY|5.0|adore-very addictive! this was the very first album that i brought, in 98, from the pumpkins. Now, in 2k, i'm a huge fan of the pumpkins.<br />  ok, just before i get to the album and the songs id like to write something for the people who are trying to find which album to get for the pumpkins; if your looking for their hard rock and metal work go to saimese dreams or gish. if your looking for their more goth rock music go to mellion collie. if your looking for their newer work/last offical album or newer sounds go to machina. and if your looking for there deppresing, dream pop side you've come to the right place........and if your looking for smashing pumpkins &quot;best&quot; album go to mellion collie (it has just about all the song your looking for) or again machina if you watching mtv, in 2k. but don't buy pisces isariot unless your a real fan.<br />the album: smashing pumpkins most deppressing, sad, industrial like album. the album is not something you will like instently, you will need to listen to it 3-8 times to hear the magic of Adore. the album sounds very different from the rest of the pumpkins albums (except machina).<br />the songs: -to shelia is the first song; very sweet lyrics, billys voice is wonderful, simple music. -ava adore; an love song for the gothic and dark, great music and lyrics, there are six song that are very memorable in adore and this song is one of em.    -Perfect; another memorable song, simple lyrics with such great meaning, nice music, many could relate to the song. - daphne descends; i personal hate this song, lyrics, music is irratting, to me, you might like it.  -  once upon a time ; dream pop disscribies it the most, not bad.  tear- very nice song, deppressing, sad. -crestfallen; another memorable song, many could relate to the lyrics, another sad and depressing song. -apples + oranges; don't let the tittle confuse you, another memorale song, here the first lyircs to the song &quot;What if the sun refused to shine?&quot; , that discries the song well. - pug &amp; - the tale of d + pp; both very similar lyrics and music , dream pop. -annie dog &amp; - shame; both deppressing and sad, same type of lyrics and music, only shame is simpler than annie. the next three very similer, all memorable, piano solo, deppresing and sad ballads.   17 - most memorable cann't tell you about it or i'll blow it for everyone. <br />above all this album is highly addictive. there are many deppressing song but don't let that get to you. if you like this album try machina.
B00004X01U|5.0|Desde sus comienzos Madonna no deja de sorprendernos, no sólo por sus excentricidades, sino que por su ayornamiento, perfeccionamiento, profecionalismo y tesón.<br />Siempre se encuentra un paso adelante de lo que se viene, y de lo novedoso y brillante.<br />Sin dudas de que sus ya 18 años de carrera han hecho de que no sólo se convirtiera en la reina del pop, sino que mantenga esta posición a través de todos estos años. Cada tema y cada momento de 'Music' reflejan sutilmente los distintos matices de la inspiración de Madonna.<br />En el nuevo estilo de madonna, aun mas electronico que el anterior y ahora dare MI OPINION PERSONAL, sobre las canciones de MUSIC:<br />MUSIC: simplemente perfecta.<br />IMPRESSIVE INSTANT: un instante de impresión, fue lo que yo me lleve cuando la escuche por primera vez. Algo totalmente distinto en estilos musicales, pero GENIAL! <br />RUNAWAY LOVER: Esta es para mi la canción revelación. Es una canción inconfundiblemente estilo Madonna. Es la que mas escencia de la diva posee<br />I DESERVE IT: Canción entre media balada, pero no del todo, o sea electronica, ¡Una balada electronica!, la verdad que genial.<br />AMAZING: Otra de las grandes canciones del CD, puro POP! .<br />NOBODY'S PERFECT: las confeciones son brillantes y geniales.<br />DON'T TELL ME: sera el segundo single. Excelente y muy profunda.<br />WHAT IT FEEL LIKE FOR A GIRL: excelente exposición de la perversa política de sexos. <br />PARADISE: Brillante!  en su obsesiva tristeza, excelente la participación de Mirwais.<br />GONE: Preciosa Balada, genial para cerrar el cd.<br />AMERICAN PIE: Remake de un clásico de todos los tiempos, en su versión 2000.<br />Realmente es un cd para tener y escuchar por años.
B000002A3T|5.0|OK, If you say that The Division Bell isn't Pink Floyd, then you are pro Roger Waters Anti-David Gilmour person who just can't deal with the fact that Roger Waters was nothing more then a good lyricist with decent vocals and average bass playing.  You buy this album looking for the classic Pink Floyd sound and that is NOT what you are going to get, because those days are over.  Pink Floyd has NO classic sound, almost every album that has been released is different from the next.  Pink Floyd has been an ever evolving band changing styles and mood with each album, The Division Bell is just what the New Pink Floyd sounds like.  YOu listen to A Momentary Lapse of Reason and you hear the same sound that you get with Division Bell, ONLY improved 10 times. If you want to listen to the Waters fans then go buy a classic album like Darkside of the Moon or the Wall, already own them then buy The Final Cut or Amused to Death, but if you belive in Pink Floyd and you don't belive everything you hear then go out and buy this album and listen to it for yourself and be your own judge and remember what I said at the begining of this paragraph this is Pink Floyd and not just in name, Roger Waters did nothing for Pink Floyd that David Gilmour couldn't have done if Roger Waters would have let him.  Who has a bigger Ego Gilmour who was content for years playing guitar, singing and writing music, or Waters who push band members out of the way becuase he wanted to be the 100% driving force behind all Floyd music and basically felt he was the only person in the band hince The Final Cut which is basically a Roger Waters Solo Album only helped with Gilmour on guitar.
B000002UJQ|5.0|SIMPLY THE BEST ALBUM PUT OUT IN HISTORY AND IF  DONT AGREE THEN GO TO HELL!!! BUY THIS NOW! I MEAN RIGHT NOW WHY R U STILL READING THIS FOR I TOLD U TO BUY IT RIGHT NOW GO!!!
B000002C1W|4.0|A Momentary Lapse of Reason is a great album. It is great music with a great meaning, and it thrills the soul as well as the ear. However, A Momentary Lapse of Reason is not a great Pink Floyd album. No matter what one's personal feelings towards Roger Waters, he made the band as great as it was. David Gilmour, Richard Wright, and Nick Mason are very good. They would be a great band in their own right. But not compared to what they were. There is somewhat of a lack of unity in this album, which would have been provided nicely in Waters' presence. However, that being said, we'll talk about how much this album rocks! Gilmour's guitar playing is awesome! There are many great songs on this album, including Learning to Fly, Sorrow, the epic On the Turning Away, Dogs of War, and the joined together Yet Another Movie and Round and Around. The music is excellent, the meaning is good and sophisticated, and the sound blends nicely. Gilmour sings well, Mason drums well, and Richard Wright shines on keyboard as usual. This album is highly recommended, but if you don't own Animals, Wish You Were Here, or Obscured by Clouds, get those first. A Momentary Lapse of Reason is all-around great, alcking only the guidance Waters could have provided. GET IT!
B00000099Y|5.0|Well......I never thought I would find myself addicted to a band called Tool, but here I am. A guy down the hall in my dorm loves 'em and he got me hooked. This album is one of the best rock/metal albums ever. It rivals everything from Zepplin and Sabbath, through Metallica. It has a style that is all its own. Maynard has the most addictive voice in music, and Adam Jones is one of the best guitarists in music today. The mix guitars, drums, base and vocals in a way never before seen to create a sonic experience that is un-beatable. Don't paas this band up. I have friends that listen to country that I have gotten to buy this record.....you can't lose.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|&amp;#65279;                                                       The classic theme of the &quot;City&quot; being unnatural and without compassion reoccurs as a conflict within Selma/Bjork in the film and also within the music of  Selmasongs. Outside Selma is the harsh reality of her existence. Inside Selma is a fantasy world void of jackhammers, blindness, and the death penalty.  Likewise, the musical numbers are in conflict between the metallic, polluted sounds of the city and the swooping, rich strings and the playful xylophones in Selmas mind.  <br /> Bjork and Mark Bell weave these two competing &quot;realities&quot; into a seamless congruent whole that broadens the definition of a Musical; as did Alban Berg to Operas, and Pierre Schaeffer to everyday recorded sounds (Musique Concrete). <br /> It seems, just now, that the progression of electronic avant garde music of the 20th  century is being used to further the expressive power of the 21st century musical.  Aaron Copeland is smiling today.
0767812417|5.0|The musical score had little artistic merit, Fagin's diabolical quarters are far more fun than Dickens intended, some characterisation is far off, and much of the literary impact is poor. I blush to admit that I just don't care! The film is hugely entertaining, and musical numbers, particularly those with Shani Wallis or Jack Wild, quite delightful.<br />Though literary purists would deride that the sordid quality that gives Oliver Twist its impact is gone, this actually makes the film suited for family viewing. Assuming the adult mind knows full well that Dickens work was far from a musical comedy, the horrors of the situation of Fagin and Company is sufficiently blunted to keep children from being unduly troubled. Only Bill Sikes shows his true colours blatantly, and he is such a villain that children can deal with his character with surprising realism. They'll never guess Nancy's true profession ...
0790729652|4.0|The movie stayed the same, action packed and interesting.  Each role is carried out to its most full potential, but the movie isn't where the DVD lacks.  The sound is atrocious!  I bought the DVD with the thought of the sound blowing me out of the chair, and it barely made it past my speakers!  I was thoroughly unimpressed, little or no sound came from the surrounds and the whole movie sounded like they were talking through (and shooting through) big plastic cups over their mouths.  Bottom line, good movie, bad sound.
0060930187|4.0|I was scared to pick up this book a couple of years ago because a friend had told me that it was dark and depressing, and I somehow formed an unfairly morbid picture of the book - for it is NOT dark and depressing.  It is dark in some ways, but I would not say that it is depressing.  It would be more accurate to say that it is disturbing at times, but this facet should in no way discourage a potential reader.<br />The main reason you should read this book is because a powerful and touching story is told.  This is, however, only one reason.  <br />It's worth reading because Sylvia Plath has a pure voice that rings.  She is witty.  Her words have punch.  She paces words well and she uses words well, precisely.  One thing I love best about her writing is its immediacy - she reminds me of how I want to write.  She brings the reader right in, with not a lot of prelude setup.  And once you scramble a bit to know exactly what's going on and who everyone is, you soon enough you do.  It's a small wonder - it's a great way to write. <br />If you enjoyed Catcher in the Rye, I'm almost completely certain that you would enjoy this book - because her tone is the most similar to Salinger's that I have ever encountered.  It's a different voice, of course, it's her own, but she shares a certain intangible with him that is captivating.  <br />In summary, it's not exactly an easy read because she gives us a lot to digest, but it's a book that's definitely worth the journey.
B00004X01U|4.0|This CD seems to grow on you as you listen &quot;Over and Over&quot;. When I first listened to it, I thought it was ok. Each time I listen to it, it definitely gets better!!! This is NOT Madonna's greatest CD, but it is Madonna, and it ISN'T a bad record. I still would recommend &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, &quot;Like a Prayer&quot;, and &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot; over this one, HOWEVER, Madonna has done it her way again and I applaud her for that. Stand out tracks include...&quot; I Deserve It&quot;, &quot;Amazing&quot;, &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;, and &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;. Alot of people have compared &quot;Amazing&quot; to &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;...it is similar, but  I loved that song too, so &quot;Amazing&quot; I like too. I personally think &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is the BEST track on the CD....which is probably why she chose it for the next single. (GREAT choice Mo) The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because I wish it had at least four more tracks on it. I am biased because I'm a HUGE Madonna fan, but this CD is good, for the most part. I can't wait for a TOUR!!!!! Also, I strongly recommend the &quot;Music&quot; maxi-single......the remixes are GREAT and I think saved that song in my mind!!!!  GO MADONNA!!! XOXOX
0780631684|4.0|I went to see this movie back in March and from the trailer I knew it would be a movie that would make people want to go see it.  I was right, the theater was packed.  The movies starts off great with the plane crash and you know what happens next they get off and the plane explodes.  I heard people say that as the movie goes on it goes downhill after the first death or two.  Yes I agree with you on that one, the deaths does get a little ridiculous at times but I don't think it brought the entertainment down.  It still keeps you on the edge of your seat till the very end.  Plus I think the ending was a good ending for this type of movie.  It keeps it open for a sequel which is good just in case this one does good.  This is one of those movies that will have people talking about it after they leave the theater and overall it's worth watching without expecting a masterpiece.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I absolutely love this cd. I could listen to it over and over again all day. Every single song on this cd is worth listening to. Dido's voice and lyrics are absolutely beautiful, lovely, and enticing. If she enticed you in Eminem's Stan, you will no doubt enjoy all her other songs. My favorites are: Here With Me, Hunter, Don't Think of Me, and Thankyou. They are all so beautiful, uplifting in beat, inspirational in words, and never a moment boring or slow. The drumbeats are awesome and will leave you in a hypnotic state....in a feel-good way.
B00000064E|5.0|I first heard this album many years ago, as a student in the '80s. 'Three Hours' floated out of a friends bedroom, and I was hooked immediately, had to ask what the record was, and get a copy. It has remained fresh ever since. Drake's evanescent voice, almost fading into silence at times, is hypnotic. His guitar writing is equally compelling - unpredictable and extraordinarily delicate. But it's the songs that are truly wonderful: those mysterious, pathos-laden lyrics, and long, breathy melodies that seem to linger, fade, recreate themselves, and shimmer like a watercolour.
B000000I0I|5.0|Mike Oldfield had only just turned 22 when he made &quot;Ommadawn&quot;, an album of such incredible musical depth and innovation for its time that I'm forced to wonder who he was in a past life. The symphonic rock style of &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; and &quot;Hergest Ridge&quot; is reinvented here, and although some may call it &quot;New Age&quot;,  little in that genre has produced anything as exciting or uplifting as &quot;Ommadawn&quot;.  Oldfield certainly had a knack for hummable melodies, which he would then repeat and augment with chanted vocals, African percussion, Irish folk instrumentation, acoustic and electric guitars, or anything else that fit his fancy; the backwards sound mosaic that opens side two has an  especially moving pull to it.  By the time it's over, Oldfield leaves you breathless; then, you're swept away by &quot;On Horseback&quot;, a singalong which sounds like Sesame Street on acid. This album will make you feel young, old, wise, innocent, spirited, and spaced out all at once.  File under &quot;symphonic-space-folk-world-newage-pop-rock&quot; and just listen.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Thom Yorke  described OK Computer as \\"A big shiny building. Huge glass shopping malls with mirrors and white-tiled walls.\\" That pretty much sums it up, a pristine and unforgiving record that doesn't make allowances for humans to make a mess of things designed to a tee. From the opening refrain of \\"Airbag\\" with it's opening line of \\"In the next world war...I am born again\\" to the microwave bell-tinging that closes \\"The Tourist\\" with the chorus of \\"Hey man, slow down\\", you are taken somewhere that few bands attempt to do anymore. I have heard this record being commented on as a warning about technology making people redundant in this world. From interviews and personal belief, I feel it is more about being trapped in a world that moves too fast for us make sense of. The emotional effect is like standing on the median strip of a freeway, cars rushing past at 110mph as you try to hold a conversation with someone you haven't seen in years. You shout and scream, but can hardly be heard above the roar of modern day people all rushing to be somewhere. OK Computer begs for you to take time from your hectic schedule, turn off the fax machine and emails and telephone and tv...just stop everything and take the time to appreciate something else. Take time out from always going somewhere and just lose yourself in music.<br />And what music: Sweeping melancholy, optimistic pleas for a calmer lifestyle, resigned acceptance at not being in control of anything anymore. Stand out tracks for me include - \\"No Surprises\\", the video has Thom wearing a space-helmet that fills with water as he sings. Suffocation, inevitable surrender and panic at just not being able to affect any of your surroundings anymore, and \\"Paranoid Android\\", a 7 minute muffled scream at all those people you see with hands-free mobiles in traffic jams, WAP phones, lap-top emails and on and on and on. \\"The crackle of pig-skin, the yuppies networking, the panic, the vomit.\\" If you ever felt like you should be on a mountain somewhere, unreachable by your boss and colleagues, then Paranoid Android will make you realise that you're not alone in this.<br />OK Computer - A plea for people to slow down, look around and take the time to notice the scenery that you fly past on your way to somewhere else.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|The Clash were the best punk band ever because despite the DIY ethos of the music, they were actually excellent musicians and songwriters.  By the time &quot;London Calling&quot; rolled around, their sound had fully matured, incorporating as it did third world reggae beats into the standard punk assualts.  This album is album is loaded with classics and could serve as a greatest hits disc by itself.  The best of the bunch are &quot;Train in Vain,&quot; the title track, &quot;Lost in the Supermarket,&quot; &quot;Clampdown,&quot; &quot;Death or Glory&quot; and &quot;The Card Cheat,&quot; which actually display an uncanny pop sensibility.  The rest of the material is nearly as good.  Unfortunately, &quot;London Calling&quot; turned out to be the only masterpiece of The Clash's career.  But a true masterpiece it is.
B00004U8H4|2.0|Sorry, but I have to agree with a previous reviewer who noted the &quot;sterileness&quot; of this movie.  The author portrayed his role in such a cold, unfeeling way that I couldn't get into the movie.  And I don't mean the kind of &quot;coldness&quot; that a crazy killer is presumed to feel.  I just mean the acting itself didn't raise any emotions out of me other than embarrassment that I was watching it.  The movie appeared to be just a way to get some &quot;hacking and slashing&quot; on the screen under the guise of a &quot;good&quot; movie.  It fell short for me.
B00000J2L7|5.0|Dr. Strangelove&quot; is a sad commentary created in the aftermath of the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Kennedy Asassination. Peter Sellers finest work, along with George C. Scotts classic performance gives just the right touch of the un-real to this all too real possibility. The black ending is taken far beyond the typical sentimental vision of the apocalypse to remind the audience,in spite of the brilliant storyline and humor, the world was,in fact,on the verge of extinction. This is a movie that has stood the test of time with flying colors, must see.
006016848X|4.0|I'm not really a fan of John Gray but I have to give credit where it is due. This book makes the credible assertion that the sexes are created differently, physically and mentally. One is not superior, we both have wonderful attributes that when put together, can create a beautiful relationship.<br />It is when we don't recognize and understand those basic differences the relationship is no longer beautiful, but ragged.<br />One of the differences that took me forever to come to grips with is a woman's need for romance. When I understood that it was truly a need, like a husband's need for sex, I began to change my attitude toward romance.<br />A friend (friend of my wife) bought me The Romantic's Guide and finally I was able to do all the romantic things my wife had longed for. Our marriage is now beautiful thanks to John Gray and to The Romantic's Guide.
B00004T9UH|5.0|This is the best of all cds. The beats are tight,and the lyrics are phat. Its got some bad but funny stuff in it. I love it. My favs are Stan The way I am and Who Knew. If you are looking for a rap cd Eminem's got it and if ya didnt know NOW you know!
B00000ILE7|5.0|I dont know why everyone dislikes this film, i think David Fincher did a wonderful job ending the story with ripley. After seeing Resurrection, Alien 3 is one of the best sequals to the alien series (first being cameron's) <br />Resurrection completely ruined the whole series cause of bringing ripley back and also cause the setting didnt have that atmosphere like aliens and alien 3.  <br />So to wrap this up Alien 3 is a great addition to the alien series, skip Resurrection all together since it hardly shows any aliens what so ever. I dont mean to totally put down Alien 4, but come on bringing ripley back was a mistake, he should have started a new story.<br />I hope Alien 5 (if there is one) is directed by Mr.Fincher or someone who sticks with the atmosphere of the series. <br />Alien 3 -  1 being worst, 5 best<br />Story: 4 Setting: 5 Special effects: 3 Music: 5 Ending: 5 Overall: 4.5
0871137380|5.0|This is by far the best book I have ever read on combat. Other then perhaps &quot;Pork Chop Hill&quot; wich I read as I child I can not remeber another book that I have ever read that really made you feel like you were in combat.<br />As far as anyone being interested in joinin the military I would suggest reading this book first.  It is a good reflection in how our military is put in to such poor situations by incompatent politicians. This book is a good example of why we should not being getting involved in situations and countries where we have no place.<br />Also for those interested in the weapons and tactics of modern combat, this is a great book.
B00003XB8K|5.0|i loved enigma since The cross of changes came out that was my all time favorite.  the screen behind the mirror was good too. Love it and listen to is a lot even when i do my homework.
B00004X01U|4.0|First off I LOVE Madonna.  I worship her...and with that said I will say this-&quot;Music&quot; is not her best record(the prize belongs to the tasty &quot;Erotica&quot;), but it most certianly isn't her worst(&quot;True Blue&quot;)!  &quot;Music&quot; was getting a techno buzz prior to it's release...don't be fooled, this ain't techno.  &quot;Music&quot; is a stripped down(I mean stripped) down Madonna who takes her experimentation to it's fullest.  &quot;Music&quot; the song really is incredible-Madonna having at good time.  A great song about a great thing-her best single in years.  So hearing that song you think &quot;Great Madonna is just working the dance floor in a major way&quot;!  Wrong!  The first 3 tracks do, but from there Madonna throws that away and goes acoustic.  &quot;Impressive Instant&quot;(the only real &quot;techno&quot; track) is at first amazingly dumb, but for some unknown reason it grows on you.  Madonna magic I guess.  The Orbit produced song &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;, is an okay track.  The song lacks any real hook and sounds flat and lifeless.  Orbit's work on &quot;Amazing&quot; is much better, fuller, and more enjoyable.  Sure if you are trying hard it sounds like &quot;Beautiful Stanger&quot; but who cares-the song rocks.  &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;...is...well terrible.  The beginning is quite dumb and pointless, skipping CD's aren't cool.  The song in general is tired and uncreative.  Madonna's vocals sound bored, she probaly wanted to shop or something.  Skip that one.  Now &quot;What If Feels Like For A Girl&quot;-now we are talking.  The song has fantastic lyrics and a great beat, Madonna is really working in over drive on this one.  She sings with emotion, and you have to dig that.  The rest of the tracks are down tempo and &quot;ballads&quot;.  I got spoiled with &quot;The Power of Goodbye&quot;, and the only song on &quot;Music&quot; remotely close is &quot;Gone&quot;.  Another well written and beautifully sung song.  The chorusis haunting and beautiful and the lyrics are so true.  Although it's a bit too short-I WANT MORE!   On &quot;Gone&quot; she doesn't rely on the guitar like she does on &quot;I Deserve It&quot;, which along with &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is silly.  It is too much suger and comes off as forced.  Almost like Madonna was trying too hard to fill this hole with sugary sweet emotion.    Two of my favorite tracks are &quot;Paradise(Not For Me)&quot; and &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;.  &quot;Paradise&quot; is so over the top that is it wonderful.  Mirwais actually shows some of that supposed genius on this song.  And Madonna...is super fabulous, she sounds like a crazy drag queen who is launching one final assault on the world.  Lastly &quot;Nobody's Pefect&quot;, what a great song.  I totally love the vocal effects, and the chorus is just killer.  I love when it comes in at the end, this is what dreams are made of.  So in the end &quot;Music&quot; hit a few flat notes, nothing to get all upset about.  The song &quot;Music&quot; is sure to be a classic Madonna song, and record will no doubt do well.  And it should-it's great.  Although I prefer the dense sound of &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; or &quot;Erotica&quot;, I really can appreciate the lightness of &quot;Music&quot;.  Give this one a listen and make your own opinion.  Most of all just have a little fun with it.
B0000041XX|5.0|Of their three concerts I think this one is the best, mainly because the Tenors stuck to more opera than American songs and broadway, their English diction is dreadful.  This concert showed the purity of beautiful music untarnished by the sentiments of the contemporary world. What can be more magical than having Zubin Mehta on the poteum in the Baths of Caracalla in Rome.  Jose Carreras was beautiful throughout with his rendition of La lamento di Frederico, but especially in Core n'grato.  Mehta is sensational.  He plays with such beauty but with so much command.  The strings in the orchestra were breathtaking and the solo flutist in Rondo al nido was amazing.  All three of the Tenors concerts were good but their first is simply the best.
B00004Z4WR|3.0|Not a big fan of Cage, I was reluctant to see this, especially since I heard that Jolie was hardly in it, but I am glad I did. Just to let you know, I am basing this review solely on the theatrical version. The plot, although rehashed, is that Cage, an ex-car thief, is blackmailed into stealing a lot of cars, in a limited time, to save his brother's life. Mixed in with this is a cop (Lindo) and an ex-love (Jolie) to add different aspects into what I thought was just going to be a chase movie. Granted, the chase scenes are beautiful, especially the one with the Shelby Cobra. Car buffs will love this movie just for that, and the other beautiful cars that Cage must steal. All in all, I think anyone who likes action, should add this to their collection, even if the DVD has nothing extra on it.
B000031XCR|3.0|ALL THE WAY...A DECADE OF SONG is a collection of hits and new songs by Celine Dion. One hit song that is missing from this collection is &quot;All By Myself&quot;--a grand ballad that propels Celine's voice to amazing heights. In general, this collection of old and new shows that Celine Dion has a strong affinity for ballads that, at times, tend to sound more like overproduced, theatrical numbers (e.g., &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot;, &quot;To Love You More&quot;, &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;, &quot;I Want You To Need Me&quot;). However, some songs manage to remain less theatrical like &quot;All The Way&quot; (Even though Frank Sinatra's vocals are on it), &quot;The First Time I Saw Your Face&quot;, and &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; (which attempts to introduce and connect Celine with a teenage audience). Written and produced by Max Martin and Kristian Lundin--who also wrote and produced songs for 'N Sync, The Backstreet Boys, and Britney Spears--&quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; is a hip, uptempo song that is reminiscent of The Backstreet Boys' &quot;I Want It That Way&quot;. That being said, I wish more of her new songs were uptempo because &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; really worked nicely for her. Also, it would be very nice to see Celine Dion write and produce her own songs in the future. With a decade's worth of hit songs and a handful of new songs on this album, I was very surprised to see that she did not write or produce any of them. All in all, ALL THE WAY is a good choice of listening music for mellow nights or for romantic, candle-light dinners.
0451169514|5.0|I am 16 and have just finished 'IT' and I must say it took my breath away, it is one of the finest books I have ever read. It has it all, one moment King has you laughing along with a group of friends who are closer to each other than most people are to their families, and the next he has you terrified of what lurks on the next page. The story starts so emotionally and continues its thrills and horrors like a snowball running down a mountain picking up strength and speed as it goes. Being over 1100 pages may sound daunting but I personally was glad of the length, as I never wanted it to end. The language and description is so crisp and sharp it makes the novel come alive, and like all good books it makes you think and it keeps you thinking long after the last page has been turned. What is tremendous is the way King continually builds the tension and makes each climax superior to the one before while holding a strong air of suspense through all the pages, he never lets up on your nerves. The ending section is perhaps the weakest point as it feels rushed considering the books length, however it was probably written the way it is so not give the reader time to consider how the second fight with 'IT' will turn out, although looking back it seemed more satisfying than when I was reading it. The final ending is simultaneously joyous and heartbreakingly sad. It is a classic tale and must be read, and as the book says Derry is hauntingly like your own town, but one thing is for sure I will never look at a clown in the same way again!
B00004W221|5.0|This is not a film about football.<br />This is a film about courage, faith, and the strength of the human spirit.  <br />This is a film about a man brave enough to pursue his dreams.<br />That it is on the football field at Notre Dame is inconsequential.<br />I am sure by now that, since you are interested in purchasing this DVD, you have either seen the movie before or have heard enough about it to pique your interest.  LEt me not watse any words here.<br />Buy this DVD.<br />Buy it now.<br />This DVD, while not packed with extra features like &quot;The Matrix&quot; or &quot;T2,&quot; is well worth the purchase.  For a fan of the movie, you get a beautiful print, and the extra features mentioned so graciously by amazon.com.  The interview with Daniel E. &quot;Rudy&quot; Ruettiger is worth the price of this alone.  While most &quot;true stories&quot; Hollywood spews out every year tend to have a lot added for &quot;dramatic effect,&quot; it becomes apparent from Mr. Ruettiger's interview that very little of that happened in this film.<br />I got this title yesterday even though I own a well-worn copy of the videocassette.<br />Though I've seen this movie scores of times, it was like a new experience popping it into my DVD player.  The widescreen transfer made it seem more like a film and less like an afterschool special.  I was hooked, as usual, from the moment the movie started.<br />And, as the finale crested and the credits began to roll, I found myself in the same condition I've been in every other time I've watched this film.<br />I was fighting back the tears.
0881032565|5.0|And Then There Were None was a book that I was assigned to read over the summer for my high school.  When I first saw the book I thought it would be interesting to read and when I picked it up I became glued to the pages.  This book is about ten people who were invited to an island by a mad man and were killed off one by one.  The mystery and excitement will keep you reading the book and keep you on the edge of your seat.  As the suspense builds you may even find yourself wanting to skip ahead to find our who the murderer is.  Throughout the book you are given clues that lead you in different directions and you might look back through the book a few times to find evidence.  The undiscovered kiler will have you pulling at your hair throughout the book and then the author's genius twist at the end will make your jaw hit the floor.  This is a good book because of its mystery and it can be read more than once.  The second time around you will probably find a lot of things that you missed the first time.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Star wars is one of the best movies ever produced.Its not the special effects,which by the way are excellent,its not the fights that make this movie cool.Its the whole story from Lucas that keeps you alert watching the movie.Its a complex of different cultural and religions ideas that make this movie unique.If haven't watched that movie,watch it and if have watched that movie buy it so you can watch it again and again
B00000J6AG|4.0|I got hooked on Moby through hearing his songs on TV commercials.  Maybe a sad commentary on our times, but I are grateful to be introduced to his music, and I'm sure he's grateful to have his record sales rocket.  Consistently moving but also eminently danceable, Play is one of my favorite discs.  I have it nearby at all times.
0553374842|5.0|This is a great book. Beautiful and informative.<br />I bought it originally for the incredible artwork, but I was pleasantly surprised to find lots of great information on some of the worlds in Star Wars. The text is written by Kevin J. Anderson, but he did a pretty good job on this book.<br />Still, the crowning glory of this book is the collection of astounding artwork by Ralph McQuarrie. Lots of full-page color paintings with remarkable detail. McQuarrie is the king of SW art, and this is him at his best! <br />This is a must have for any Star Wars fan, or even one of great artwork, and would make a great present for any Star Wars fan.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|First of all what are you thinking if you decided not to go and see this movie, and as for all those other reviews saying it was poor ....well their just plain wrong.  Second this film is not a chick flick, it is not a romantic comedy, its good,and with some of the best action and car chases well ever. This film deliveres the good and with extreme speed. Granted it goes a bit slow in the middle when the cars do start to go missing its non stop fun so if you missed your chance to see it on the big screen, Buy it  Trust me you WILL NOT regret it.
B00004X01U|4.0|I can't say anything about this album but a real bomb! I didn't think that Madonna could pull this one of. I have been watching Madonna's music since those Evita times and compare that stuff with this, there's a MAXIMUM difference. One example is the title track, &quot;Music&quot;. Working with DJ Mirwais Ahdmazai is a fresh and splendid theme for this song.  The fantastic blend of club and dance music with that annoying &quot;Acid Rock&quot; voice is a true winner. &quot;Amazing&quot; is like a copy of the hit, &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot; but with more techno beats and a lot more. &quot;Gone&quot; is the final cut which is the country-type song in the album. Those guitars are simply heavenly. My favorite tracks are &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; and &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot;. I don't what I adored in &quot;Impressive&quot; but the disturbed synthesizing of Madonna's glorius voice is kinda cute. Plus, it really let's you get down on the dance floor with it's techno vibe and all those types. &quot;What It Feels Like&quot; is the best mellow song in this album, which is more likely to be the Theme Of The Year for the third sexes. The heavy English-accented girl at the start of the song speaks &quot;For a boy to look like a girl is degrading, and you think being a girl is degrading.&quot; what a good insight. I didn't like &quot; Don't Tell Me&quot; which is probably the next single, that much. It's a little redundant. The other tracks are fine, but Madonna's vocals made it more ear-friendly. If in case Madonna plans to stop making her &quot;MUSIC&quot;, &quot;i'll be gone before it happens&quot;. XOXO Love you Forever MADONNA.
0792843835|4.0|Many could call this movie a &quot;chick flick&quot;....maybe, not necessarily, as each person in it has to deal with somebody they don't like nor feel they need butting into the lives.  When you think you're having a tough time of it, think again and check out this little goodie.   Two women, different completely in every way, shape and form who are thrown together out in the middle of the hot, dry, dusty desert, at a motel that looks like a wretched place to even stop for water,  each with her own agenda.    They have to deal with one another; they don't have any other choice in life; their husbands have been total buttheads and basically left them to fend for themselves. (Brenda boots her old man outa the house, only to have him peering down at her from the top of a hill with binoculars for half the movie...he's not a bad fellow, just a bum) Well, fend they do............the entire movie is about people working out their differences no matter how huge they may be. Jack Palance plays a really mellow painter in this movie and something completely different from his usual creepy portrayals. The ending is perfect, everyone's happy, productive and friends...probably slow to some viewers, I enjoy a good movie for my &quot;head&quot; every now and again.    This is it.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I think that this CD is great and if you are looking for a graet CD and you like slipknot then this is the CD for you.
B00004STUL|5.0|This is a reference disc that every studio must follow. A lot of extras (Documentary, Multi-angle feature, Theatrical trailers, incluiding men in black and Blue Strike, and no one or two but three musical videos). Then go to language, you find English Dolby Surround and 5.1; also you will find a Dolby Surround Spanish track and a Isolated Score in 5.1. Well, I'm a fan of spanish tracks and subtitles, and the second reason i have purchased this disc was the presence of the spanish track (The first was that i like the movie, but i like a lot of movies), but after seeing with the isolated score, i have a new reason to be proud of it. The movie itself is not very deep, but you will be laughing during all the presentation. And last but not less important comes the subtitles, english, spanish, french, portugues, chinese, thai and korean. Seeing the movie with isolated and subtitles in your language is a superb experience (Don't forget the disco scene). Very good work from the folks of columbia. Take a lesson Warner and Universal
0380715430|5.0|`The Mother Tongue' is very engaging and humorous book about the origins, history and eccentricities of the English language. Bryson has done a masterful job of wading through a lot of linguistic scholarship and synthesizing it into a very informative and funny book for the English enthusiast.<br />Many of the reviewers below seem to have gone out of their way to point out every little error contained in this book, and there certainly are a few. However, if you put all the factual mistakes in perspective by looking at them in relation to the wealth of information contained in this book (often up to a dozen facts and anecdotes on each page), you'll see that the errors make up an incredibly small percentage and don't in any way detract form the overall impact or enjoyment of this book (it would, however, in the future be nice to see a revised editions with some of the most egregious errors removed).<br />Unlike certain self-righteous, dead languages (that I won't mention by name...but Pierre knows what I'm talking about!) that insist on goose-stepping around in their arcane linguistic jackboots- English is alive and kicking. This book celebrates the mother tongue as the bizarre mish-mash of styles and influences that it is. You can't read it without appreciating it as a breathing language that is constantly in flux, always reflecting the cultural diversity of its many native and non-native speakers.<br />I've recommended this book to oddles and oddles of folks, some of whom were not particularly interested in language, and they all ended up loving it.
0898705525|5.0|The following quote from &quot;sincre reader&quot; is the most amusing thing I have read in a long time:<br />&quot;His only excuse is that he existed in a time when science was not as advanced as it is today.&quot;<br />What a hoot!  You should have your own comedy show, Sincere Reader!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I think that this CD is great and if you are looking for a graet CD and you like slipknot then this is the CD for you.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|First thing's first, if you watch this film expecting a car chase bonanza (like most of the rest of the world), you are going to be very disappointed.<br />Don't get me wrong, this is a spectacular film, but all it takes is one trailer with a fast car being chased and everyone has their view of the film set in stone before they've even watched it.<br />I for one am not one of those unlucky individuals. The basics of the plot are that Nic Cage's younger brother has taken on a job he can't really handle (after following in his brother's footsteps to his chosen carear), and when it all goes wrong, there's inevitably only one person left who can save the day, the now retired Cage with his legendary persona.<br />They've got to steal 50 cars in just under a week, and as the prospect of a dead brother doesn't bode too well in Cage's now relatively docile and humble mind, he decides to save his li'l brother's hide. I know, another typical American tale of good vs bad is the picture you have drumming through your mind, but this film has sooooooo much more to offer.<br />The soundtrack is the best I've heard this year, and the simple elegance with which the central stars perform consistently is rarely matched by holywood these days. And instead of opting to run out guns blazing (as is the norm), the gang (of young and old blood) opt for the more tactical aproach, and the only thing standing in their way is the fateful Elanor, an absolute beaut of a motor with which Cage has a bit of unfortunate history.<br />Do they get there, don't they? You know the answer well before the time comes, but if you watch this film remembering it's a 2hr slice of entertainment, I guarantee you won't be disappointed!
B00002DE2L|5.0|Not since Nigel Kennedy (the \\"Bad Boy\\" of the classics) has Vivaldi's The Four Seasons been flipped upside down in such a startling, revelatory interpretation or performance. Mutter, as soloist and conductor, pulls out all the stops--- with no little help from the Trondheimers, either, who join gleefully in her visionary, violinstic devilry.<br /><br />Such playing!<br /><br />So many unique twists and turns, ins and outs. So much gusto! So many delightful eccentricities that expose the underbelly, as it were, of a work we only thought we knew--- the rippling, commentary-like harpsichord accompaniment, eerie and quirky throughout, for example, or Mutter's incredible bravura violin \\"effects,\\" as in the last movement of Autumn or opening movement of Winter, or her slightly discordant and ghostly playing in Summer's disquieting Adagio.<br /><br />So much heart and humanity, too. (Autumn's Adagio is as close to perfection as one could wish.) And the angst! (Angst in Vivaldi? Oh, come now. Yes!--- listen to the opening Allegro of Summer: How marvelously ominous a prelude!)<br /><br />This is not a conventional Four Seasons. Obvious enough, I think. Mutter, like Kennedy, follows her own path--- always has (even under the yoke of standard repertoire or conductors); but now, given free rein, and on her own with Vivaldi, she creates a musical \\"experience\\" for us that is second to none. Hers is unabashed abandonment, virtuosic, penetrating and awesome. Whatever preconceived notions you held about Vivaldi's Four Seasons, well, forget them. Mutter is here with her \\"take\\" on it, and she's here to stay. By comparison, other versions, with few exceptions, seem bland.<br /><br />DG's sound is faithful and clear, giving Mutter prominence, naturally, but also highlighting the various Trondheim Soloists nicely--- as Vivaldi would have done it, I think.<br /><br />[Running time:  62:50]
B00004WKII|4.0|Put down your air guitar - You are unworthy anyway - And listen to inspiration!  Even when Jimi Hendrix was just fooling around or \\"practicing\\" he was brilliant.  His guitar cries, sings and jams. This set of alternate takes and rarities (some equal or even superior to the \\"final take\\" versions) displays Hendrix's talent in the best form of communication in full living and breathing color...
B000003BDY|5.0|This is the way I like my Stones.  Wild R &amp; B, flying by the seat of their pants.  Jagger is the cocky hustler.  Great songs like Time Is On My Side, Confessin&quot; The Blues, It's All Over Now, Around &amp; Around are my personal favorites.  Recorded at the legendary Chess Studios in Chicago it brings out the best of the younger Stones, before they became too serious and too artistic.  A lot of the latter Stones albums have bits of pretentiousness. This one is just one wild ride with a heavy blues influence. This also features some of the best harmonica work the Stones ever did too.  Put this one on, next time you want to feel like 20 years old again.
B000009ED0|5.0|I had almost completely given up on popular music (and especially MTV) by early 1999.  Then I saw Kid Rock performing in front of the MTV studios early one morning.  I was amazed at his versatility.  The music rocked (which is something I hadn't seen on MTV since &quot;Headbangers Ball&quot; was canceled,) and he could play every instrument: drums, guitar, turntables, keyboards.  I was so impressed, I went out and bought &quot;Devil Without a Cause&quot; the next day.  I wasn't disappointed.<br />Just about every single track on this CD is worth listening to.  &quot;Bawitdaba,&quot; &quot;Cowboy,&quot; &quot;Devil Without a Cause, &quot;I Am The Bullgod,&quot; &quot;Rovin' Gangster, &quot;Somebody's Gotta Feel This,&quot; &quot;F**k Off,&quot; and &quot;Where U at, Rock&quot; all hit hard.  &quot;Wasting Time&quot; is my personal favorite, a laid-back Southern-Rock flavored groove.  &quot;Only God Knows Why&quot; is a wonderful power-ballad, and &quot;Black Chick, White Guy&quot; actually shows surprising lyrical depth.  The original version of &quot;I Am The Bullgod&quot; hidden at the end of &quot;Black Chick, White Guy&quot; is an enjoyable bonus.  &quot;Welcome 2 the Party&quot; is passable, and &quot;I Got One For Ya,&quot; is downright stupid, but I suppose no one can be perfect.<br />This CD is well worth your $15.  It saved rock music for me, and it might work for you, too.
B00004Z311|5.0|This is one of those films you watch as a kid and fall in love with. I was 10 when this came out, and though I didn't see it in the theater, I had HBO, which meant it would come on 50 times a months for 6 months- a good thing in this case. They were making a lot of fantasy films at that time, and in my opinion some of the best movies ever made came from that time- Krull, Dragonslayer, Labyrinth, Neverending Story, Flash Gordon, etc. are all classics to me. Legend is right up there at the top. I liked the story, the characters, and the music (which fit the film perfectly), but what stole the show to me were the sets. Ridley Scott shot a just plain gorgeous films here; I still think all the forest/unicorn scenes in the beginning are some of the best shot scenes I've ever watched. All the actors involved are great, but Tim Curry is perfection in his role as Darkness- I can just see him having so much fun with that part. <br />All in all a great film for any age- hopefully this DVD has the theatrical and director's cut, which is very hard to find...enjoy!
B0000067L2|5.0|Cream had released an album, Fresh Cream, prior to Disraeli Gears, but it was this album that broke the band in the US.  The band were bluesmen at heart, Clapton left the Yardbirds after they moved away from their blues roots and Bruce was a member of John Mayal's Bluesbreakers, but they combined their blues sensibilities with psychadelic rock to create a superb album.  The album kicks off with the stop and start of &quot;Strange Brew&quot; which has an almost funky vibe to it. The pulsating &quot;Sunshine Of Your Love&quot; was a top ten hit, &quot;Swlabr&quot; has a driving guitar riff with some of the most bizarre lyrics from the era, &quot;Blue Condition&quot; is a down on your luck blues dirge and &quot;Take It Back&quot; is the bluesiest number on the album.  &quot;Tales Of Brave Ulysses&quot; is the their most psychadelic sounding song with its mythic lyrics, echoed vocals and wah-wah guitar.  Cream were only around for three years, and released a scant four studio albums, but they were groundbreaking musicians and left a true mark on the rock landscape.
B0000025F7|5.0|what can i say? He's the KING of pop music!It beat a lot of pop albums then and still beats most of these so called pop albums now!
B0000033WC|5.0|Loaded was the final studio album from the seminal band Velvet Underground.  John Cale left the band after the release of their third album and it was he who added the sonic dimension to the band, all the fuzz &amp; feedback. With his departure, Loaded has a simpler and more stripped down sound.  The first three songs on the album are as good as the Velvets have done, with &quot;Rock &amp; Roll&quot; perfectly summing up the radical changes music can make in your life.  They help you remember the first time that you heard a song that helped make a difference in your life.  Lou Reed and new member Doug Yule split time on vocal duties and Yule closes out the album with the magnificent &quot;Oh! Sweet Nuthin'&quot;.  The re-release with a second disk of all aternative or demo versions of the original album makes a great album even better.  The Velvet Underground never had any hit songs or albums, but their influence is felt throughout the music industry and Loaded help mold the sound of many bands.
B00004W5A6|5.0|I think this is the better SRV album ever. A great blues/vintage sound with a lot of funny songs. LOVE STRUCK BABY: it's a Chuck Berry-style song, pure Rock 'n' Roll. PRIDE &amp; JOY: pure texas shuffle, funny! TEXAS FLOOD: it's one of the SRV most famous songs, five minute of strong blues, deep and sad. TELL ME: a classic boogie song. TESTIFY: a powerful instrumental! RUDE MOOD: yeah! This is a Wonderful instrumental, great playing with a strong texas shuffle! MARY HAD A LITTLE LAMB: a Buddy Guy tune, again shuffle and again fun. DIRTY POOL: a sad blues, with a clear (stratocaster) sound, it's a &quot;from the heart&quot; tune. I'M CRYIN': similar to Pride And Joy with more ringin' sound. LENNY: do you like jazz? Do you like blues? Do you like Hendrix? Yeah? So you love this wonderful instrumental! The bonus tracks include the live version of Testify and Mary Had A Little Lamb (a lot of energy more), with two others songs.  TIN PAN ALLEY: great studio version, a blues stuff similar to Dirty Pool (this track fade out at 7:31). WHAM!: The title is the truth, an aggresive Lonnie Mack song, played live!<br />This is all... This remastered CD is a MUST HAVE for the Stevie's fan but also for all the blues lover, BUY IT!
B000002JSN|5.0|Physical Graffiti is a sprawling two record set in which the band experimented with some different sounds and produced their finest release.  Many of the song's length stretch out to the ten minute range, but they instead of being comprised of just long guitar or drum solos, they are filled with exotic, Middle Eastern flavored passages.  &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot; maybe Zeppelin's most requested song, but &quot;Kashmir&quot; is their best.  It is epic in nature like &quot;Heaven&quot;, equally as mystically, but is more musically complex.  The band has never sounded better.  &quot;In The Light&quot; follows in the &quot;Kashmir&quot; vein and is a strong number.  &quot;Trampled Under Foot&quot; is a driving rocker as is &quot;Custard Pie&quot;.  &quot;Down By The Seaside&quot; is a wistful song and &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot; takes the band back to their blues days.  &quot;Boogie with Stu&quot; is a reworking of Richie Valens &quot;Ooh! My Head&quot; and &quot;In My Time Of Dying&quot; is a ethereal dirge.  While the album is not as immediately accessable as their earlier releases, it shows the band had more depth than they are given credit for.
0684853523|5.0|Being a huge Stephen King fan I knew that I would enjoy this book.  What surprised me was just how good this book was.  It provides valuable insight not only into the mind of King but on the writing process itself.  You will find yourself inspired to actually sit down at the computer yourself and finally put down those ideas that have been floating around in your head.  However, King does make it clear that writing is a serious job and that it is not for anyone.  His insight into the business side of the craft will prove to be valuable to any aspiring writer.  I always enjoy the &quot;note to the reader&quot; section that King often includes in his novels.  On Writing reads like one long &quot;note to the reader&quot; and is often funny and at other times quite touching.  King is amazingly honest about his own troubles and faults and the section of the book detailing his accident and road to recovery are inspiring.  Most of all the best thing about this book is that King's love of writing, reading and all things about books comes shining through.  What an amazing man.
B000002UCQ|4.0|George Harrison had lived for years in the shadows of John Lennon &amp; Paul McCartney.  In the beginning years of the band, he had none of his songs on their albums and in the ending years,  Lennon &amp; McCartney begrudgingly allowed him a song or two per album.  After the band broke up, Harrison finally had the chance to get his songs onto an album.  All Things Must Pass proved that Mr. Harrison was not just a second fiddle, but a superstar in his own right.  Of course everyone knows the number one hit &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; and the other top ten hit &quot;What Is Life?&quot; (both are excellent songs), but the album has so much more.  His cover of Dylan's &quot;If Not For You&quot; is beautiful, &quot;Apple Scruffs&quot; is a tribute to Beatle fans who hung out on the steps of the Apple Records building, &quot;Wah-Wah&quot; is a strong rocker and the title track is among the best he's ever done.  The album is heavily ladened with spiritual references, but they don't get in the way as Mr. Harrison is so geniune about them.  The last five songs on the album are from a jam session that included Eric Clapton and the band that would become Derek &amp; The Dominoes.  The songs are basically just jams but are worth listening to for the historical value.  This would be a 5 star record if not for the lousy production value.  This album definately needs remastering.
0446677450|4.0|I enjoyed the book tremendously.  The author opened my eyes to a lot about finances.  I intend to use what he taught me to increase assets in the future.  However, he seems to take the attitude that happiness is a function of money.  It is not.  Education might not be important for real estate investment, but it is for other career tracks.  Education teaches one how to think, and that is more important than money.  Imagine going to a rich landowner for surgery!  I have found education to be far more valuable than money.  Realize that this book, like most of the books found in the business section of bookstores, represents the philosophy of the author.  I have read two dozen books on finances.  The authors' three books (this one is first in this trilogy) represent one way of seeing ecomonic reality.  Read a couple of dozen more books, including Thomas Friedman's &quot;The Lexus and the Olive Tree&quot;, learn to THINK, and THEN you will see why I would have liked to meet the poor dad almost as much as the rich dad.  Don't get me wrong, this book was fantastic.  I highly recommend it.  But I've been both middle class and poor, and I feel the mind is worth more than the wallet.
B00004X01U|2.0|I've been a fan of hers since her first LP back in the early '80s when I was freshman in high school.  But this collection left me wanting MUCH more.  Music and What It Feels Like Being A Girl are the only two, in my opionion, that rate any merit and the only reason for the 2 stars - one for each song. The rest of the cd is just filler.  I was hoping for a much more upbeat, dance-oriented cd after her mellow, introspective Ray of Light which I LOVED; probably her crowning achievement (although I still count Vouge, both song and video and her Like a Prayer CD among her best work.  However, I still admire her balls for exeperimentation and I'm already looking forward to her next creation and a concert.  She is truly one artist who will always be in the forefront.  Hopefully, we won't have to wait for her to have another kid in order for her to be inspired.
0446608955|1.0|The plot in this novel would be better characterized as fodder for a cheap &quot;USA&quot; network movie rather than genuine literature.  It was an extremely predictable, slow, and generally disappointing read.  It might have been decent as a 10 page short story.
0920668364|5.0|If you have never read this book be ready to get that tear in your eyes and the lump in your throat when you read it to your child.  This book is a must for EVERY PARENT!!  And the real reward is the first time your little one comes to you and says &quot;I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living my daddy(or mommy) you'll be.&quot;  You are not human if that doesn't get you a little choked up.  This book helps parents and children relate in a way no other book can.  You will never regret buying this book and may soon be here telling others about it just like I am.
B000000WFF|5.0|this album is not very popy album! spice up your life is a grate track. viva forever is the latin track.... the lady is a vamp is in the 60 stile... too much is a grate track! one of the best song ever! this so grate ballad! if you will put this recored in your cd player you wont release this cd from the cd player...
B00004T9UF|4.0|Content aside, this guy can string together some great rhymes.  Slick production, quick, concise articulation and aggressive delivery.  Not too bad if you are not afraid of the content.
0767819543|5.0|In Brazil, the urban sophisticates of the metropolises often look upon the country dwellers as backwater bumpkins but perhaps they hold the key to the past and future of a nation and its individual people.     This is discovered by the films two main characters, a cynical retired schoolteacher who has given up on finding love in her life and a hardened young orphan who has lost love in his life, his mother, but wishes to regain this love by finding his estranged father.  Together they escape the jungle of the city and its devouring lust for the material, to the seemingly void terrain of the &quot;Sertao&quot; in a search for the child's father.     In contrast to the hustling chaos of the Rio Central Train Station, where they first met, the desolation of this wilderness is hidden the possibilities for regeneration and a new life.
6300268993|5.0|Okay, I admit it - my normal stance on sequals is that they're often not worth making due to a seemingly endless list of follow ups exhibiting poor production values and second rate story lines.<br />BUT...of course there are occational examples of highly satisfying sequals and then there are even rarer examples of those which even exeed the original - Superman II certainly falls into the latter category.<br />When I bought the video of Superman II, I already realised the masterpiece that it is. The first installment (which possesed an astounding epic quality) told of the origins of the Man of Steel and introduced the viewer to the marvelous array of charactors which included Lex Luther, General Zod, Lois Lane and Kal-El himself. <br />In Superman II, the tone of the first film was relaxed such that it unravelled a storyline of more intimate proportions; where the priciple actors of Margot Kidder and Christopher Reeve were given the chance to develop and grow out of the more 'card board' cut out personas they portrayed in part 1. Lois Lane and Kal El (thats Clark Kent/Superman) find themselves involved in romance and ultimatley broken heartedness; the chemistry that exists between them really enchances the quality of the story as you really feel that you 'get to know' the charactors more than you would expect for a superhero film - this is due to the fine performances which we can credit Reeve and kider coupled with the well thought out screenplay by the Godfathers Mario Puzo (et al).<br />Of course, the other aspect of the film is that of the three Krptonian 'rebel elements' - they had been imprisoned in the Phantom Zone (in Superman the Movie) by Kal-El's father Jor-El due to their 'ultimate aim of sadition'. Realeased by Kal-El in Superman II, they wreak havoc on Earth as they , of course, posses the same abilities as superman! <br />The inclusion of these criminals reinforces the superiority of Superman II as it is this aspect that makes it more than just an unthought out sequel (the aspect of including them in the preface of Superman the movie was an ingenious teaser and provides superb continuity between the two films). Due to the fact that Superman II is different in plot structure to the first instalment, it lets the film stand alone and provide a very different atmosphere while retaining (and in my opinion - improving)the exitement and climax. Terrance Stamp truely brings General Zod alive and this makes him surely one of the best comic book style villans of all time (of course Gene Hackman is irrestitible in this and especially more in Superman the Movie!).<br />It is amazing how Superman II links directly from Superman the Movie, this is an added bonus. Indeed, it would have been intresting to see what a Richard Donner version of the film would have been like - even though it is well known that a reasonable amount of the film is actually Donners material - I would have guessed that it would have been even better as it would have possesed the Donner epic feel to the film at many key parts in addtion to the inherant intimacy that Superman II generates.     <br />Overall, I feel that Superman II stands out from the superhero genre as a superb film alone.
B00000FZQ8|1.0|There's no 0 stars option? Sup wit dat?  I don't know why anyone in thier right mind considers this peice of dreck a Sci-Fi Classic.  The box to this movie promises it to be &quot;the lonliest adventure ever&quot;.. which in lamen's term means &quot;A boring movie where absolutly nothing happens!&quot;  This is one of those movies that you only watch because you're thinking &quot;Something really cool is about to happen.. any minute now&quot;, and it doesn't.  In fact, this movie is the most uneventful thing I've ever seen.  It's a guy planting trees and talking to cardboard box robots for 2hrs!  Avoid this film like the plauge.
6300268993|5.0|Okay, I admit it - my normal stance on sequals is that they're often not worth making due to a seemingly endless list of follow ups exhibiting poor production values and second rate story lines.<br />BUT...of course there are occational examples of highly satisfying sequals and then there are even rarer examples of those which even exeed the original - Superman II certainly falls into the latter category.<br />When I bought the video of Superman II, I already realised the masterpiece that it is. The first installment (which possesed an astounding epic quality) told of the origins of the Man of Steel and introduced the viewer to the marvelous array of charactors which included Lex Luther, General Zod, Lois Lane and Kal-El himself. <br />In Superman II, the tone of the first film was relaxed such that it unravelled a storyline of more intimate proportions; where the priciple actors of Margot Kidder and Christopher Reeve were given the chance to develop and grow out of the more 'card board' cut out personas they portrayed in part 1. Lois Lane and Kal El (thats Clark Kent/Superman) find themselves involved in romance and ultimatley broken heartedness; the chemistry that exists between them really enchances the quality of the story as you really feel that you 'get to know' the charactors more than you would expect for a superhero film - this is due to the fine performances which we can credit Reeve and kider coupled with the well thought out screenplay by the Godfathers Mario Puzo (et al).<br />Of course, the other aspect of the film is that of the three Krptonian 'rebel elements' - they had been imprisoned in the Phantom Zone (in Superman the Movie) by Kal-El's father Jor-El due to their 'ultimate aim of sadition'. Realeased by Kal-El in Superman II, they wreak havoc on Earth as they , of course, posses the same abilities as superman! <br />The inclusion of these criminals reinforces the superiority of Superman II as it is this aspect that makes it more than just an unthought out sequel (the aspect of including them in the preface of Superman the movie was an ingenious teaser and provides superb continuity between the two films). Due to the fact that Superman II is different in plot structure to the first instalment, it lets the film stand alone and provide a very different atmosphere while retaining (and in my opinion - improving)the exitement and climax. Terrance Stamp truely brings General Zod alive and this makes him surely one of the best comic book style villans of all time (of course Gene Hackman is irrestitible in this and especially more in Superman the Movie!).<br />It is amazing how Superman II links directly from Superman the Movie, this is an added bonus. Indeed, it would have been intresting to see what a Richard Donner version of the film would have been like - even though it is well known that a reasonable amount of the film is actually Donners material - I would have guessed that it would have been even better as it would have possesed the Donner epic feel to the film at many key parts in addtion to the inherant intimacy that Superman II generates.     <br />Overall, I feel that Superman II stands out from the superhero genre as a superb film alone.
079284632X|3.0|Being a fan of horror movies and a horror writer, I took upon myself to buy this cult classic.  First off, I applaud Wes Craven for his imaginative and rare plot.  Too many filmmakers these days think shock and controversy are untouchable.  The film was different, shockingly true, but definitely not as frightening as I expected.  Many people found this movie disturbing, I found it too short, much more to expand on and the music has got to go!  The quirky campy music took away from the suspence of the film.  Maybe I would've enjoyed it more if I saw the uncut version.  Very few horror films scare me...this one left me guessing whether to return it or treasure it just as it is...a rare cult classic!
0780631684|4.0|This is a great movie!!!!!!!!! I was at Wal-Mart 9-27-00 and I was deciding between Bad Boys (with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence) and Final Destination.I couldn't make up my mind.I finally decided to get Final Destination.I had never seen any of them.When I got home I put it in the DVD player and I watched it and I loved it!!!!!!!!!! GREAT MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00001NFCY|4.0|This is a pretty good CD. I really liked Creed's first cd more though. It had more catchy tracks.
0790729628|4.0|Ridley's Scott's Director's Cut is science fiction at its finest, and it's one of the few films that I view on a regular basis.  The final scene between Batty and Deckard remains one of the most poignant moments in cinema for me.  As for the implication that Deckard might be a Replicant, as the unicorn dream suggests to some, I find the notion mere whimsy.  To me, the whole point as well as the heart of the story is Batty's evolution to humanity along with Deckard's reawakening to his own humanity, as evidenced by Batty's ultimate compassionate act and Deckard's soulful wordlessness toward that act.  I do agree that an edition should be released containing the Director's Cut as well as the original version, perhaps even the unrated original version where the viewer is able to witness Tyrell's skull being crushed.  As much as the Director's Cut is unquestionably superior in my mind, the original would allow for entertaining comparisons between the two, and itself is far from a bad film once you subtract the dreadfully upbeat ending.  It took numerous viewings of the Director's Cut before I grew accustomed to not hearing Deckard's voice-over narration; it was a nice, if unnecessary, touch.  Anyhow, such a special edition would be right at home among the Criterion Collection.
0441172717|5.0|Many people have already written fine general reviews here of this novel, so I will limit myself to a few specific comments and observations. In reading Dune, I recalled an interesting much earlier short story by Herbert that shows his interest in human nature and political intrigue.  Written in the 50's, a full ten years before Dune, it shows his fascination with these themes can be traced at least back till then. Entitled &quot;Cease Fire!,&quot; it is about a time in the future when weapons based on conventional high explosives become obsolete because they can now be detonated remotely by a revolutionary new invention. This basically throws warfare back into the Middle Ages. At the very end of the book, someone hands the main character an old book, saying that this is what warfare will be based on from now on. He looks at the book, and it is Machiavelli's &quot;The Prince.&quot;<br />I found this sort of interesting given the important place psychological warfare, political intrigue, and human psychology in general occupy in Dune. Obviously Herbert had been thinking about these issues for some time before writing the book, in addition to the novel's important ecological themes.
B000002UJQ|5.0|this cd is one of the best, most unique cds i have ever listened to.  i believe this is in the same class as the great nirvana unplugged album.  the progression of the songs is unbelievable, and it is inredibly easy to listen to the whole cd in one sitting.  is like nothing i've ever listened to before.
0790749815|4.0|The &quot;Making of&quot; extra is fun, and the film looks and sounds great. Some complain of &quot;faded&quot; color - to me it just looks less garish and more realistic. Playing this transfer side-by-side with a &quot;fullsceen&quot; VHS tape reveals, however, that the producers have done what my mother always complains of in letterboxing: &quot;They've chopped the top and bottom off!&quot; Usually, of course, she is wrong: they have simply restored the sides of the picture to view. Here, they have indeed not only left the Vistavision off the sides but reduced the top and bottom as well, giving a completely false &quot;widescreen&quot; impression. So we're getting a better picture but one which is, as my mother often quite mistakenly complains, actually smaller in scope than the &quot;fullscreen&quot; image. Boo hiss to the transfer guys. Crispness and immediacy of the image will make up for the shaving, however: if shaved, at least it's shaved cleanly. But the actors need never have bothered to shine their shoes.
B000002KDS|5.0|I really love this disc but it is not as good as Love It To Death.  It does contain Alice's greatest song ever and that is of course &quot;Desperado&quot;.  Halo Of Flies is excellent as is Yeah Yeah Yeah.  This disc also of course contains the hit songs Under My Wheels and Be My Lover which are both truly classic. Even though Dead Babies is a little strange I have always enjoyed it.  Killer is a good track but nothing earth shattering.  You Drive Me Nervous is the weakest track but it isn't all that bad itself. If I had to give this disc a place among Alice's greatest albums then it would rank in the top five without a doubt.  &lt;&gt;&lt;
6304508611|5.0|The best time of the year to watch this movie is the day before or on Halloween!! You could turn all of your lights off and get spooked!!!!
6302610702|5.0|This box set was edited to begin the saga with the Corleone family at the their village in Italy.It was pefectly edited to co-enside with the rise to Empire of the Corleone family.Remember The Godfather Part 2,how it kept flashing back and forth through out the movie, that after a while you got confused, well this certain &quot;BOX SET&quot; fixed that problem by editing both part 1 &amp; 2 to look like one entire &quot;LONG MOVIE&quot;.    PLEASE if you can find this &quot;BOX SET&quot; I would like to purchase it
B00004X01U|5.0|Since she worked on this album I was thinking if she can top &quot;Ray of Light&quot; well she did. All 10 tracks are amazing. I can't wait for the future to see what more Madonna can give us music buyers. The only problem is there isn't a follow-up to her smash from her last album &quot;Frozzen&quot; The weakest track of the album is &quot;Paradise (Not for Me)&quot; which is still good. The title track Music has a 70s sound to it it's a great opener. Best tracks are &quot;Music&quot;, &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;, &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;, &quot;What it feels like for a girl&quot;. I not only recoment this album for Madonna fans but to pop music fans as well. This album gets a well deserved 5 and I don't give those easily.
B000001Y42|5.0|Just like the title. This isn't like Significant Other. Oh no, it's MUCH better. This is before Limp Bizkit sold out. This is real music. Some of the songs on here are downright insane like Stuck, my personal favorite song. I also like Stalemate too even though the song seems kind of like two different songs with the same lyrics. DJ Lethal actually does scratches like the unbelieveable ones in Indigo Flow, you can actually hear Sam Rivers playing bass and it sounds great.(I happen to enjoy the song Clunk for his bass work) Wes Borland's guitar is great, John Otto's drums are....well, if you like a lot of symbals, you'll like it but I really didn't even though it did keep the beat together and I did like the first minute or so of Stalemate for his drumming. Some of the songs are also very funny, like the end of Pollution where Fred just keeps wanting to bring that beat back and the other guy tells him to shut up! Also, it has the singles Counterfeit and Sour which aren't the greatest, Nobody Loves Me, the LB remix of George Michael's Faith, Stink Finger, and the weird but cool Leech demo version. Aside from the stupid Intro and the last song Everything, a 16:26 instruemntal with no guitar chords, this CD is perfect. Buy it now.
B00004T1NA|5.0|This is my first PT buy, the CD is stuck in the player and refuses to come out. Shesmovedon followed by Last Chance..., Russia on Ice &amp; Hatesong, ha whatever I Love the whole CD. Just purchased Stupid Dream and Signify. Can't wait to listen...     Where can I find the Sky Moves Sideways?     Who they sound like?  Just read the coments,  and buy one of their Albums, then we'll see who you come up with.     Refreshingly NEW......!
0380788624|4.0|I am not a computer scientist, but I was persuaded to read this book by one, and boy, am I glad I did. I was amazed by the level of knowledge in this book (from the details of Bach to those of code), but it was the storyline that kept me engaged -- I finished it in about four days. It'd be perfect if things didn't wrap up quite so Hollywood-like at the end.
B000005QH3|4.0|There is a brief camera shot in the 1999 film &quot;The Limey&quot; that earned me many puzzled looks from fellow theatergoers when I erupted into peals of knowing laughter. It's a floorboard-eye-view of Barry Newman doing a quick shift and accelerating in the heat of a car chase scene. It was a note perfect, clever homage to Newman's Kowalski character in &quot;Vanishing Point&quot;.The myriad of Amazon reviews shows how iconic this 30 year old existential car chase film has become in the collective memory. Granted, the &quot;plot&quot; takes a back seat (sorry!) to the proceedings, but the imagery and atmosphere of this film stays with you. (All I have to hear is the opening riff to Mountain's &quot;Mississippi Queen&quot;, and I get uh, er...imagery, if you know what I'm saying.)The late Cleavon Little is memorable as blind DJ/Kowalski's Muse &quot;Supersoul&quot;.Steven Speilberg was obviously influenced by &quot;Vanishing Point&quot; for his debut &quot;The Sugarland Express&quot; a few years later. A rare film that can be appreciated equally by philosophy majors AND &quot;Dukes Of Hazzard&quot; fans!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is a movie that grips you and inspires the audience. I am not a person who goes to the movies frequently. Even a good movie I seldomly see more than twice on the big screen (Saving Private Ryan was a two-fer), but Gladiator I was draw to three times. Russell Crowe did a fantastic job establishing his charactor. He commanded respect and admiration because he was so humble and sincere, yet extremely skilled and courageous as a soldier. The cinematographing was well done and the battle scenes and story line gripping. Historically, it takes some liberties here and there. The biggest weakness of the movie is Maximus' transition from fugitive to slave, but other than that, Gladiator is a movie you'll walk away from thinking about your own moral fiber.
0684857219|5.0|Excellent reference for those who like working out.  Even if you are just starting out, this book has excellent exercises and it shows how to do them the correct way, to prevent injury and maximize your workout.  It has a very detailed history of the sport of bodybuilding.  The last chapter explains proper dieting very well, and it seperates fact from fiction.  I would also recommend this book to anyone who wants to lose weight- as long as they realize the book is designed for bodybuilders. But I might be somewhat biased because I've always been a big Arnold fan.
0790729989|3.0|This is a great movie, but don't buy this dvd. Sometime soon the studio will release this in a 2 disc special edition. At present the disc that is available has only the movie and no extras. YOU also have to FLIP the disc over to watch the 2nd half of the movie...I found this very annoying. Wait for the special edition and you'll be happy you did.
0767802624|5.0|I see many people have beat me to reviewing the movie, so I'll review the DVD(s). First of all, if you haven't played the DVDs, you don't know what you're missing! Compare the greatest DVD you've seen before with either of these two and you'll see just how many features we have here! The Collectors' Series has features like the two theatrical trailers for MIB, visual (or audio) commentary, a behind-the-scenes featurette, a behind-the-scenes look at the metamorphosis of MIB, the deconstruction of the tunnel scene, and studies of the 3 main CGI creatures: the Jeebs head transformation, the worm guys (carrying the cigarettes), the opening scene revelation of Mikey, extended and alternate scenes, a mess of storyboards, storyboard-to-film comparisons, behind-the-scenes photos, and conceptual art, and the music video. As you can see, this is one CRAMMED single-layer disc. But only buy the so-called &quot;Limited Edition&quot; if you're a DVD fan that will go to ends of the earth to get a ridiculous amount of features (some of which you won't even want) on a DVD (or two) for it. Also, only get it if you're a reluctant DVD owner and you hate having to watch movies in anything but fullscreen. Because all the Limited Edition has more is the fullscreen presentation, the Edgar Bug Fight scene deconstruction, a few extra conceptual art and the so-called &quot;scene-editing workshop&quot;. If you're willing to pay so much extra for only those features, feel free, but you can get 3/4 of the features of the Limited Edition on the Collectors' Series and save a lot of money.
6305897786|3.0|An excellent and faithful realization of Arturo Perez-Reverte's &quot;The Club Dumas&quot; up to a certain point, at which it all goes to hell, literally! One thing's for sure, you can read the book or see the movie and neither will spoil the ending of the other. Although I understand the Satanist route, it seems like Polanski cut the last ten minutes of the movie, the scene wherein we learn WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON. As some other reviewers here have mentioned, the ending is extremely disappointing, and casts doubt back on one's enjoyment of the rest of what is really a very well made film.  Still, Depp is an extremely versatile actor which is a rare trait nowadays, and the film is beautifully photographed and edited. On the other hand, the music is ridiculously inappropriate and viewers will burst out laughing in several points only because of the goofy soundtrack.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|This album is unlike any of her previous releases. As you know most of Bjork's  previous work has a cinematic surrealism but in this album she removes the shackles  and let's the orchestra fly! Beautifully orchestrated, magically composed,  masterfully arranged. We've finally found the purpose for Her music. Only Bjork  can successfully marry a techno-pop-like beat to the most gorgeous string and horn  arrangements -- simply amazing!<br />All of the songs are written by Bjork along with someone else. Vincent Mendoza  (who arranged each piece with Bjork) expertly compliments Bjork's musical genius  with his sumptuous orchestration. A match made in heaven. <br />My two favorites, by far, are &quot;New World&quot; and &quot;I've Seen It All.&quot; The strings in  New World will take your breath away and, while the orchestration of I've Seen It  All can make you cry I don't care too much for the male vocals (Radiohead's Thom  Yorke). They do lend a realism that's lost in many musicals. Everyday-Joes don't  sing like Fred Astaire.<br />Honorable mentions go the &quot;107 Steps&quot; -- very imaginative. Only Bjork can make  counting steps seem like a roller coaster ride.<br />How her talent can continue to improve upon itself is beyond me, but she has and  can only continue to improve.
038533348X|2.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the first 90% of this book.  But then it was if if Vonnegut said, &quot;Well, better end this now&quot; and slapped on a contrived, simplistic, and extremely unsatisfying ending.
B000005IU2|5.0|I can't even describe the joy I felt when I first heard this explode from my turntable. It's THE record you should play for your snotty teenage brother who swears that nothing THAT OLD can compare with Punk and the rest of it, but IT DOES. Makes Trent Reznor types blush like little girls. The sounds Iggy makes are so unreal that they often trail off into lung shattering coughs,gasps and howls.Meanwhile, the music is relentless, LOUD and you get the impression of a deranged psychopath being sucked into a black star with hell screaming for him to come back. Power, this is the real deal kids!
6305922756|5.0|When this film hit theaters in 1984, it made less than $ 4 million dollars at North American box offices. But this is also true for the Monty Python films. This is a very good film in the same kind of satirical spirit as the Pythons. It's not the same as Python humor, but very similar. This is a great film with many funny moments.<br />However, the best part of this new DVD release is the special features. Tons of great special features! These special features are what you are really buying the DVD for. You get over an hour of additional footage that does not appear in the film. This additional footage is great stuff. Some of it should have been used in the actual film.<br />You also get a humorous inteview with the director, Rob Reiner, who has gone on to direct many successful films. The DVD also provides 4 music videos: Listen to the Flower People, Tonight, I'm Gonna Rock You Tonight, etc. <br />However, by far the best special feature is the audio commentary by the Tapsters: Derek, Nigel and David. The actors are in character while doing the audio commentary. Great stuff. Watching the movie with the new audio commentary is awesome. It's like a whole new Tap movie! Great idea on their parts. In the end, you get over 1 hour and 45 minutes of bunus footage and special extras.<br />If you love/like Tap or are looking for a great DVD disc that's worth the price, then buy this DVD! It's the best DVD disc I own because of all the great special features. All DVD releases should strive to provide all the great stuff that this DVD provides. This disc captures the revolutionary potential of DVD technology.
0380973642|4.0|Gaiman is a master at telling stories.  He showed it in the comic series Sandman, and shows it here as well.  Not confined to one single story, Gaiman is able to explore various different storylines, each as intriguing as they are different.  Perhaps the thing that really draws the reader in is the atmosphere that Gaiman creates in each story.  Confined by the 'short' nature of each story, it's amazing that he is able to do this so well with the limited space that he has.  <br />The natures of these stories vary from fantasy to horror, but most often they contain elements of each, mixed seamlessly.  This is one of the best collections of short stories I've read and it's made even more astounding because each story is by the same person, but each story is different.
0876852630|3.0|The novel &quot;Factotum&quot; by Charles Bukowski is about an alcoholic whose life consists of moving, finding and losing jobs, alcohol and sex. The protagonist Henry Chinaski drifts from one US American metropolis to another. There he finds a job and a woman, loses the job and leaves the woman and the town again and again. But Henry Chinaski does not seem to care since Charles Bukowski writes in an emotionless and direct way. Bukowski uses short and simple sentences, written in a colloquial language. The book is a first person narration, interesting in its own way but very repetitive. Probably a good book for young people who want to read a &quot;different&quot; book and get to know another side of the American life-style.
0380973634|5.0|Neil Gaiman got me hooked with his Sandman series.  I'd say that he is one of today's most gifted writers.  The way in which he creates a tale is amazing.  Characters come to life like few other authors can do, and the atmospheres he creates are astounding.<br />Neverwhere is no different.  Gaiman weaves a tale that mixes reality with fantasy, putting a fantasy world directly within the world of London and its underground.  The story is written so well, that you start to wonder if maybe it's more true than we'd think.  I had only one complaint about this book, it got over too soon.  Gaiman's writing makes the time spent reading fly by.
B00001SIES|4.0|i first heard of muse when i heard uno on my local alternative station and i noticed the radiohead comparison straight away, which is only compimentary.  being a big radiohead fan i was pretty interested in them.  then i heard a live session they did and i heard the passion and energy in their music and knew i had to buy this album even if i am a poor penniless student.  muse are an excellent band who demand you to listen and if you dont surely you're missing out.  theyre young right now but by listening to them you get the feeling that they have their feet planted firmly on the ground and are only going to get better. theyre on their way up so catch them now!
0380804557|5.0|Neil Gaiman is amazing.  The ease with which he moves from on genre to another makes you wonder if there is any style he can't write.  While everything he does has somewhat the same feel, it seems each work is completely independent from another.<br />The first thing I read by Gaiman was the Sandam series and then his novel, Neverwhere.  Stardust in no way disappointed me.  Gaiman is a true storyteller.  The world he creates is so complete that it seems like the places described could be right outside of any city.  This book takes on even more of a fantasy twist than Neverwhere.  The story centers around Tristran, a boy from the city of Wall.  He sets off on a journey to find a jewell that would surely win the heart of the one he wants, but along the way his journey takes on added dimensions he never imagined and quickly changes his life.<br />I think that even for people who are not huge fans of fantasy, the adept manner in which Gaiman spins this tale will win anyone over.  I can't say enough how talented Gaiman is at telling a story.
B0000025DD|4.0|A true guitar master, David Gilmour lets us hear his non-Pink ideas in words and music on his first solo effort, &quot;David Gilmour.&quot;<br />This is an excellent choice, but could have been improved with a few Roger Waters' lyrics and Waters' production genius.<br />Lets face it, both Gilmour and Waters were at their best when they played together in Pink Floyd.<br />All things considered though, this CD is a must for any and all Floyd fans.
0441003257|5.0|I bought this book because I'd loved everything I'd read by Neil Gaiman.  It ranks up there with some of the best purchases I've made.  The style seemed a lot like Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series, which I absolutely loved.  Pretty much everything is said tongue-in-cheek, but never gets stale.  The irreverent way that the book looks at all of the players of the final battle is hilarious.  The hellhound become a pooch obsessed with small mammals.  The devil's main guy isn't sure that he wants the world to end, and the archangel....well, he lost his flaming sword.  I can't say enough about this book.  It's funny.  Very funny and I love reading it over again.
B000002MFN|5.0|This album seems to have gotten better with age. Whilst hardly playing it when it was origanlly released, i played this a few months ago and now love it with the music still sounding fresh but then Madonna has the talent to make incredibly good music that is always well ahead of its time. This album was misreably over looked by many critics due to the controversy of the Sex book that had been released around the same time. This is an underated gem. The album was vastly produced by Madonna and Shep Pettibone. The album spun five international classics - the title track, EROTICA, the catchy re make of FEVER, the pumping dance tune DEEPER AND DEEPER, BAD GIRL (from her ill fated movie BODY OF EVIDENCE) and a truly magnificent ballard, RAIN. The albums cuts are equally as compelling and stunning with highlights being BYE BYE BABY, WHERE LIFE BEGINS, THIEF OF HEARTS, IS THIS LIFE and a pumping R and B number SECRET GARDEN. All come complete with breathy and deep performances from Madonna who is one of the worlds biggest and brightest talents. This album is amongst the best of the now many she has released. Essential! A classic! Highly recommended!
B000001E8P|5.0|This is my favorite album of all time, but for good reason.  It escapes me why it never caught on in America, cause it's much better than This is Hardcore, which was much more popular here (probably because of the cover photo).  Anyway, Different Class is the kind of album that you really must listen to all the way through--though I've heard it several hundreds of times, I still can't pick a favorite song.  The music is everything pop music should be: crazy (Disco 2000), sexy (Pencil Skirt) and generally dead-on in every way.  Jarvis Cocker is the kind of lead singer and songwriter who is charismatic and glamorous enough to be a film star and intelligent and observant enoough to be an important literary figure, but he never lets you forget that he's been disappointed and humbled and experienced life from the bottom.  Though the music's for common people, you will no doubt recognize it as something very, very uncommonly good.
B000001FY9|5.0|Legendary reggae star Bob Marley made countless great records and was  one of the most significant talents of the twentieth century. This excellent compilation brings together some of the very best of his work. Tracks such as JAMMIN, BUFFALO SOLDIER, NO WOMAN,NO CRY, SATISFY MY SOUL and REDEMPTION distinguish that classic Marley sound that has become so famous. He remains the definitive king of reggae and rightly so. Listening to this classic compilation makes you appreciate how he rightly earnt that title. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
B00000HZTB|5.0|This is Lou Reed's best work, including his time leading the Velvet Underground. Buy this CD!
B00004X0Q0|4.0|It might be a little early to say, but this album could well be the future of hardcore, stamped and shrinkwrapped into 12 fascinating and electrifying songs. At The Drive-In hold a quivering hand up against the thought-free march towards dumb punk and the hollow clang of modern metal. Not for them the pointless bellowing of those looking desperately across their idyllic teenage lives for something to get annoyed about; instead this is a band with an instinct for dicovery. At The Drive-In take from the deeply articulate vocabulary of Nirvana and the alt-rock pioneers of the eighties and nineties, and fuse this with both tenderness and determination on to the Fugazi imprint. The difference is their fiercely idealistic ideas about how expansive and downright musical it all deserves to sound. 'Relationship Of Command' is a forward-looking record in a genre seemingly so stuck in the past. <br />'Arc Arsenal' sets out the agenda pretty concisely, beginning with the rumble of toms and keenly distorted guitar lines that trademark the album. It's when you hear Cedric Bixler's initial call of &quot;I must have read a thousand faces!&quot; you start to really pay attention. His lyrics read like crossword clues, mirroring the density of the music, but within them you get a sense of a rich furrow of artistic ideas. The chorus of 'Catacombs', for instance, goes &quot;this gravity is just quadraplegic horse and carriage&quot;. It's an idea that bristles with content and weight, a feel that is echoed throughout the record. <br />What wins through in the end is the variety and the sheer inescapable presence of these sounds. Where 'One Armed Scissor' redefines the term 'call to arms', 'Invalid Litter Dept' weighs heavy with sadness and emotion. Cedric is a true hardcore vocalist, singing with real rage and exasperation, and the guitar lines trip in turns tentatively and ominously behind him. 'Sleepwalk Capsules' seems to sum up At The Drive-In at their best: distorted piano sounds decimated by looming guitar riffs and a clamourous &quot;confess!&quot; vocal, all of a sudden snapping into an almost new-wavey trill of guitar. Keeps you on your toes.<br />Future of hardcore? Wait and see.
B000009HF2|5.0|This is Peter Frampton in his prime! I had purchased a copy on CD last year and was impressed by the sound quality.  Peter Frampton's guitar playing is one-of-a-kind.  He's also a great acoustic guitar player, as shown on &quot;Winds of Change&quot; and &quot;Penny for Your Thoughts&quot;.  &quot;Doobie Wah&quot; uses the wah-wah pedal and borrows a lot from the Doobie Brothers style.  &quot;It's a Plain Shame&quot; is as Frampton calls it &quot;an oldie but a goodie&quot; with more great guitar work.  Keyboardist Bob Mayo also does a good job on &quot;Baby I Love Your Way&quot;, &quot;I Wanna Go to the Sun&quot;, and &quot;Do You Feel&quot;.  Back in 1976, a DJ described this as &quot;the best selling live album&quot;.  Listen for yourself to hear why.
0385486804|5.0|I tried to read this book at work, and i ended up messing some stuff up ..lol. It was so good that i couldn't put it down, although i was left reaching for more about &quot;alexander supertramp&quot; and his life. As a person who is caught in the bonds of society reading this book helps me appreciate what life is about, and that length is not a determining factor in it's value. So read it already
B000002C2E|5.0|I thought this was one of the best when I first heard it. I was in a store today, this was playing. I couldn't believe how incredible it was. I hadn't heard much of it for a year and a half because I usually listen to stuff like Underworld, Sasha, Hooverphonic, Thievery Corporation, etc.. This is some of the best stuff ever.<br />B
0440219078|5.0|When I first started reading this book, my boyfriend laughed at me. He told me it was something he had read in 6th grade. But I don't think a 6th grader can fully understand the message in this book. It makes you realize how lucky we are to live on this earth, even with all the bad things that happen. Jonas's world was not perfect, even though he believed that it was at first. How can a world without color, love and emotion be perfect? To me, love is the basis of all life. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to read something that will make him or her think.
B000002VCW|4.0|From the slick airbrushed cover to Al Stewart's silky vocals, &quot;The Year of the Cat&quot; is one of those records that sounds good today even as it defines (in some part) the good ol' Seventies.<br />Stewart is a fine singer and musician, and the production is painstaking throughout. So why wasn't his career bigger? After his follow up record, &quot;Time Passages&quot; it almost seemed like the Frampton Curse had struck. Still, the alternating sultry, dramatic and whimsical songs- particularly &quot;Lord Grenville&quot;, &quot;On the Border&quot; and the title song - showcase Stewart at his silk-jacketed best. Maybe in an era of stadium rock, studded jeans and dry ice (followed by the stripped-down thrashings of Punk), Al's music never stood a chance. But for the FM replays of &quot;The Year of the Cat&quot;, I never would have heard of this talented man.<br />Stewart's voice can sometimes veer into mincing, but it would be an underestimation to say that this record is lightweight. Like Dire Straits, this stuff has to be decanted like a fine wine. Try to chug it and you'll be disappointed.
0593044703|4.0|The question who are the heroes in this book is quite difficult to answer.  During the story you see the world from the point of view of multiple characters.  I found myself sympathising with nearly all the characters even though they sometimes acted in conflict with each other.  I found this aspect of the book enjoyable.<br />However the number of characters and their conflicting goals means that this is a book that gains from a second reading, meaning that on the first reading it can be complicated to try and sort out exactly what is happening.<br />The biggest downside of the book for me was the lack of background depth, I am still after my second reading still confused as to how the characters arrived in their present situation, and have a scanty understanding of how the world as a whole operates.
B000009QPQ|5.0|I own about 500 CD's and this is definitely the best one that I own.  Tremendous harmony vocals, beautiful sounding guitars wrapped around a brilliant set of songs.  The opening track &quot;Blue&quot; starts as a pretty acoustic number, and the harmonies of Gary Louris and Mark Olson with the string arrangements take it to new heights.  The following track &quot;I'd Run Away&quot; takes the Jayhawks in a more rocking direction with sharp guitar parts, violin and a rollicking piano.  In both cases the music is greatly satisfying, and sets the tone and pace that the rest of &quot;Tomorrow The Green Grass&quot; lives up to.  This album changed the way I think about music from the perspective of somebody listening to or playing music.
6303402348|5.0|This is another great Tom Hanks movie.Forrest Gump falls under all different kindda genres.I'd say it's mostly comedy and drama.Forrest Gump(Tom Hanks) had a hard life.First,as a kid,he had to were leg braces and run from kids.As an adult,his mom died,then the love of his life,Jenny(Robin Wright)died.He was drafted into the Vietnam War.Had to see his best friend die in his arms.Over all,it's a great movie.
B0000024ZC|4.0|I am a sucker for recordings that play a pivotal role in the history of any given band.  Examples? Genesis' &quot;Trick of the Tail&quot;, Yes' &quot;Drama&quot;, Rush's &quot;Permanant Waves&quot;, the Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot;, and Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon.&quot;<br />These examples stand out as being very different from the recording that preceded it and the one that succeeds it.  They stand as examples of bands that are changing thier sound or musical approach.  Most often, musicians in this position (particularly musicians in the '70's) are most apt to try new things and really stretch thier capabilities.<br />I see &quot;Three Friends&quot; as one of these recordings.  Coming away from &quot;Aquiring the Taste&quot; and heading toward &quot;Octopus,&quot; (both of which are masterful recordings) we find GG really stretching and exploring new territory.  The concept is very solid and the music that they devise (the three school friends)to realize that concept is stunning.  Particularly stunning, perhaps, because of its virtually universal appeal.<br />In all honesty, however, it should be stated that there is a lot to chew on here.  The first truly focused listen can be difficult.  It sounded like a big mess the first time out to me, and I am a seasoned progressive listener.  Several months went by before I really came to appreciate this album.<br />After proper digestion, I find the music to be very original and compelling.  There were many bands that a given group could have copied in the 70's for the sake of billing themselves as a progressive group.  GG copied no one.  They did thier own thing and they did it extremely well on &quot;Three Friends&quot;.  Most notably, on this album, GG could played a very wide array of instruments in a myriad of styles, but never to the detriment of the overall atmosphere of the recording.  It is very cohesive in spite of its dynamic and stylistic extremes.<br />Most of my complaints relate to the sound quality and packaging.  The only readily available CD version of &quot;Three Friends&quot; has a regurgitated cover from the first album (NOT the original cover), and is poorly mastered.  You can tell what everyone is doing, but it really sounds like it was recorded in the early 70's.<br />However, these complaints are really pretty cosmetic. &quot;Three Friends&quot; is a very important recording and an absolute must-have for any progressive rock listener.  They may not have had the commerical success that Yes or Genesis had, but thier lack of success has nothing to do with musical quality.  In fact, thier approach was so different and ultimatley unique that they could easily give any of the more popular 70's progressive bands a SERIOUS run for thier money.sound quality and packaging.  The only readily available CD version of &quot;Three Friends&quot; has a regurgitated cover from the first album (NOT the original cover), and is poorly mastered.  You can tell what everyone is doing, but it really sounds like it was recorded in the early 70's.<br />However, these complaints are really pretty cosmetic. &quot;Three Friends&quot; is a very important recording and an absolute must-have for any progressive rock listener.  They may not have had the commerical success that Yes or Genesis had, but thier lack of success has nothing to do with musical quality.  In fact, thier approach was so different and ultimatley unique that they could easily give any of the more popular 70's progressive bands a SERIOUS run for thier money.
0440219078|4.0|Lois Lowry's The Giver is a very interesting book.  It contains a culture that is different than any on earth in many ways. The descriptions Lowry employs to bring the different world to us are vivid and do place you right in the community with the people. Reading The Giver gave me a new perspective on the functions of society and how people live in it. If everyone read this book, would they see that every action they make is a statement that proclaims their precious individuality? Lowry's book is valuable as it warns people of something that would be horrific if it happened in our world, that many may consider to truly be an advance of humanity.
B00004RFDW|4.0|I didn't go to the cinema to watch this movie because I thought it's 3 hours length would have put me to deep sleep.  Then, I reasoned the imposssibility of a director to dwell on an issue for 3 hours when we already knew beforehand that smoking is bad for you.  Well, I will have to put my hands up in air &amp; admitted defeat as this movie is compelling to watch.  It could be the tightness of the script, the intensities of the main characters; played so well by Al Pacino, Russell Crowe (with his new found American accent), Christopher Plummer (a far cry from his Sound of Music day); brilliant directions by Mann; or semi documentary format of the movie.  I had watched his previous offerings such as The Last of the Mohicans, Heat but The Insider would have to be my all-time favourite.  I admired Wigand's bravery for standing up against the big giant corporation amid losing everything that he's owned, the loyalty of the Producer of 60 minutes for not hanging out Wigand to dry.  Whilst it's true that in real life, that might not be the whole truth but the ideal is definitely worth reminding. One thing that niggled me would be Mann's usage of same actor &amp; actress in his other movie such as Al Pacino (who could fault him?) &amp; also the lady who played his wife in Heat, who played Wigand's wife in this movie.  Highly recommended.  Wide screen format is an extra bonus.
0316286443|5.0|I've been a long time admirer of Kevyn Aucoin, having bought his book Making Faces. I immediately purchased this one, and let me tell you, it's worth EVERY PENNY! Don't tell me that Winona Ryder is Liz Taylor. That Gwyneth Paltrow is Faye Dunaway. That MARTHA STEWART can look glamorous as Veronica Lake. That Calista Flockhart bears such a striking resemblence to Audrey Hepburn. That Tina Turner isn't just as I would picture Cleopatra. And don't tell me that Hilary Swank is Raquel Welch in One Million Years BC! This book is a work of pure makeup genius, and I don't know anyone other than Kevyn who could pull that off.
0316777722|2.0|Sedaris is a talented writer; he has good sentence structure and uses creative analogies to bring across his humor.  Although I am impressed by his ability to be funny in writing, I wasn't at all tempted to laugh out loud (as other review writer have said).  It's not THAT funny.<br />What I find disappointing about the book is not the writing itself, but the writer and the content.  His life is not all that different from the average American.  Yes, his experiences in France are beyond that of what most of us accomplish in our lives, but then just write about France and leave out the whole childhood bit; it's no more interesting than anyone else's.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Simply GREAT! One of the best movies I've ever seen. If you liked BRAVEHEART, this is your movie. Great script, great actors, THE BEST soundtrack. You will hate the bad guy. You will love the good guy. Phoenix and Crowe, I dont know who deserves the Best Actor award. Hard to decide. As another reviewer said, 5 stars is not as much as this movie deserves! TEN STARS FOR GLADIATOR
B00004T9UF|4.0|I listened to this album with the attitude that &quot;I'm not a rap fan, through ignorance I guess, I don't like Eminem. ...&quot; Basically I didn't expect to enjoy it at all, I was amazed. I knew this guy was a bit, y'know, nutty but this album is mad. I loved it. It kind of changed my entire opinion on rap (although that's a big generalisation to make), it had just about everything, catchy tunes, clever lyrics, deep booming bass, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I'm a bit of a guitar fan myself (can't a have everything). I would recommend this albmu to anyone who isn't easily offended...ur wife and mother of your daughter are your ways of getting off.   What on earth are you waiting for?  BUY!  If you are tired of that  old-timey rap that delves into serious social issue about race, politics,  economics, brotherhood.  Again, you're in luck.  Eminem doesn't care about  any of that stuff either! My God, just put the CD on repeat and let the  hate wash over you!<br />And see, don't tell Eminem that he is ignorant.  He's  not.  YOU ARE if you don't realize he's &quot;from the streets&quot; and  therefore has a RIGHT to issue nazi venom against women, homosexuals, dead  people, disabled people, fellow artists - OR, everyone who does not share  his beliefs.  And don't tell Em that he is giving rap a bad name.  Because  he's getting PAID baby. Cha-Ching! $$$$$$$ Just because his own mother is  suing him, THAT DOESN'T MEAN HE'S A LOSER!  I mean, if Dr. Dre and Snoop  Dogg thinks he's all right, then ALL RIGHT he is!  <br />Eminem has paid his  dues.  He's done drugs, gotten into fights, made an obscene record, gotten  arrested, gotten a huge stinkin' pile of publicity from MTV/TRL.  So that  makes him a REAL ARTIST.  What more do you want him to do to convince you  to buy this cd?  Actually have some artistic talent?  PLEASE!  <br />Eminem's  not twisted.  YOU ARE if you don't immediately charge up your credit card  and buy ten copies of this MarshallMathers cd to hand out a Xmas.  That  way, you and your friends and family can gather round, hold hands, and rap  along with Em - insulting everyone on God's green earth and making yourself  look like an idiot in the process.  Share the joy!  Its your right and duty  as American citizens!  FINALLY, prove what a hardcore stud you are to  everyone who questions your ability to &quot;be a man&quot; and &quot;keep  it real.&quot; Because if you destroy others, as long as the beat is  strong, that is what makes you a man after all. You betta ask somebody!  (Oops, looks like I forgot to change this review to a five star rating.   Because this sure is some high-quality rappin.')  Oh well...BUY THE CD*BUY  THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD*BUY THE CD!
B00000BKDW|5.0|Iron Maiden at their all time peak in both inspiration, synthesis, maturity and execution. An album you listen from the beginning to the end over and over again... Eight out of eight tracks between 9.5 and 10. Think about that: for how many alboums that you've listened so far can you really say that? A classic masterpiece. Words can not really describe...
B00003CXE7|5.0|I went and saw this movie when it came out during the summer. I was not expecting too much out of it because everyone was talking about the graphics. So I went to check it out and the computer animation was great, but *gasp* there was actually a plot. I could not believe it. Who would have ever imagined good graphics and a plot together? I will be very disapointed if this does not receive best movie of the year!
B00000AFHM|5.0|OK this is one CD that you must own. This band just keeps throwing out great stuff each and every time. In this album every single song is good. This band will make you feel like you're in a dream somewhere in the late sixties. The most wonderful sounds come from the strings and horns of the orchestra. Folk mixed with Smiths with a touch of Nike Drake. Hmm!! Whatever it is....it's brillant and a must own.Buy This.
B00004TS0E|4.0|Attenborough is a very satisfactory replacement for Gwynn in this  remake, and the little girl is better than Natalie Wood (my biggest complaint about the original is Wood's performance; she's annoyingly precious). The romance is a little flat, but it was in the original, too. Perkins just isn't as good as O'Hara, (hardly anyone is), but McDermott is better than the telephone pole that played the lawyer in the original (it's no accident that John Payne wasn't a big star). And the &quot;trial&quot; makes a little more sense than in the original, although I sure missed William Frawley (aka Fred Mertz) as the judge's political advisor.<br />Overall, I think that this is a very satisfactory remake. It doesn't quite reach some of the high points of the original, but it avoids enough of the lows to make it just fine. And my kids like it better, probably because it's in color and has a more modern feel. It's become a family tradition to watch it on Christmas Eve, and I rather look forward to it every year...
B00000AFHM|5.0|OK this is one CD that you must own. This band just keeps throwing out great stuff each and every time. In this album every single song is good. This band will make you feel like you're in a dream somewhere in the late sixties. The most wonderful sounds come from the strings and horns of the orchestra. Folk mixed with Smiths with a touch of Nike Drake. Hmm!! Whatever it is....it's brillant and a must own.Buy This.
068484267X|4.0|I read this book in two days.  What amazed me most was the way Frank wrote about his childhood, expressing events, thoughts and the surround in a very accurate childlike language. It is only a proof of reality. I enjoyed the book very much.  I gave it four starts because not everyone is capable of taking all the misery described.
B00004X01U|5.0|Ok, in my opinion, this isnt the best Madonna album ever...but it is actually a very good album. Light years better than the recent albums put out by the 'blond teenage girl pack' that has been dominating the airwaves for the last year or two..<br />Rather than looking at the album in a singular perspective, you should take it in the context of the albums that have preceded it and have brought madonna to where she is now. Everyone is making a comparison to 'Ray Of Light' but in fact this album captures the sounds of Madonnas 'Bedtime Story' or 'Erotica' albums. The fact that this album is very smothered in electronica is beside the point. There are a hand full of amazing songs on this album. <br />My favorite at the moment is *Nobodys Perfect*. Its a pretty simple song, with distorted vocals (ala cher, as stated before) but the cadance of the lyrics and the beats are just amazing! I think that the simplicity of the statement of the lyrics and the complexity of the beats are just ... perfect!<br />*Impressive Instant* is the next stand out track. The Deee Lite club beat and the 'skipping' vocals will have even the biggest couch potatoes wanting to jump up and dance. Also, this song just makes me giggle because madonna uses a nonsence word ('winggy') as a rhyme in this song. Im thinking...whats up with that?<br />*What It Feels Like For A Girl* has an amazing, almost riot grrl spoken intro that is amazing to hear on a mainstream, major label album. The song itself is kinda like a slower version of Ray Of Lights 'candy perfume girl'. Its a very nice thought though..<br />*Paradise (not for me)* is a nice, slow, introspective number that sounds like it could have easily appeared on the second album by Morecheeba. Madonna speaking french. Tres Sexy!<br />*Gone* is the albums final song (its the one with the rad dentist drill sounds). Madonna sings &quot;..dream away your life, dream away your dreams..nothing equils nothing..&quot;. Very simple sounding statement but veryprofound.<br />Oh yea. The title track *Music* (like you havent heard it!) will have you wanting to move to NYC and become a professional breakdancer. I know thats what I was wanting to do when I first heard it...This is a really fun album in the long list of amazing music Madonna has put out! <br />(what are you waiting for? Buy it already!!!)
006016848X|5.0|It sure is one of the best books on communication between men and women. It helps, it works and above all it clarifys men's talk and eases misunderstandings. I highly recommend this book for everyon.
B00003CX5A|4.0|I love Sleepy Hollow, but the only thing is that it turns into a sort of Cluedo who-dunnit murder mystery thing. Apart from that, Tim Burton at his best. A really good flick to watch on Halloween night.
0780625129|4.0|Edward Norton gives an incredible performance as Derek Vinyard, a neo-Nazi who goes to prison for murder, and his younger brother Danny (Edward Furlong) who worships Derek, and who is heading along the same disturbing path. This is a beautifully photographed and wonderfully written movie that takes a very strong subject, and forms it all into a truly unique film. Norton is amazing - He has such as tremendous range as an actor that it so difficult that he also played a neurotic New Yorker in Woody Allen's Everyone Says I Love You. His buffed-up physique, shaved head, and goatee all make him look incredibly realistic as a Los Angeles skinhead (and worried some that skinheads would become chic). His performance is incredible, as are the standout supporting performances from Avery Brooks as the black teacher who believes in both Derek and Danny, and Stacy Keach (who seems determined to break his image as Mike Hammer) as the head white supremacist in town. First-time feature director Tony Kaye (who also served as cinematographer) directs and photographs this film beautifully, and Anne Dudley's score is one to remember. This film will make you think about racism, Neo-Nazism, politics &amp; race, and where hate really comes from - it is passed along from parent to child.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Russell Crowe has a definite presence on the big screen and he makes Gladiator his own as Maximus, a general in ancient Rome. Beginning with an impressively staged battle in Germany, Crowe embodies this warrior with his whole being. The favorite of Richard Harris' Caesar to take over Rome, Crowe refuses, and ends up as a slave whose only existence is to fight in the arenas, where most of the warriors die very young deaths. Maximus sees this as his chance to redeem himself.<br />Besides Crowe's terrific performance, Harris and the late Oliver Reed, as Profumo, Maximus' master, deliver wonderful performances.<br />The special effects are amazing as well, from the battle and action sequences, to the renderings of the Colosseum and ancient Rome. Gladiator is a top-notch action film, and one that signals Russell Crowe as a major star on the rise.
B00004XMVH|3.0|Jonathan Mostow, who so successfully created an atmosphere of tension and suspense in Breakdown, does the same fine work here in U-571. In this film, Matthew McConaughey leads a team of naval officers to steal a German encoder known as the Enigma. They take over a German sub, and attempt to finish their mission, when major problems ensue. (don't want to give anything away)<br />The best part of this movie is the effects and the tension that it created within the submarine. The special effects are amazing, the camera work is terrific as you feel the dizzy, claustrophobic sense of tension aboard this ship. That being said, it's the type of movie where you only realize afterwards what was missing.<br />First, there are problems of historical accuracy: Although the end credits thank the real Navy efforts to steal the German encoders during the War, it was the British, and never the American Navy, who were involved. This isn't a terrible thing, but it's crediting the wrong people. There are a number of other plot holes as well.<br />Second is the acting. With several exceptions, most notably McConaghey's solid performance, there is some bad casting and dry acting. Harvey Keitel ? He is listed as Chief Klough, but then why does he report to McConaughey's Lt. Tyler ? Bill Paxton is wooden, and Erik Palladino whines through his role and is annoying.<br />The suspense and effects are great, and it makes for a good `popcorn' movie, but U-571 could have been better.
B000021Y75|3.0|Run Lola Run has achieved a sort of cult status since its arrival from Germany, and in its style alone, it's easy to see why: this is one fast-paced, breakneck-speed story, with a likeable, punk heroine (Franka Potente), very cool animation, and a good soundtrack. On all of those levels, Run Lola Run works well. However, the story is another matter. I've read several reviews praising the different nuances, stylistically and story-wise, which change as the story runs each time. What I found was a crime-story version of the film Groundhog Day, or a more stylish version of an X-Files episode from several years ago titled `Monday', in which Mulder experienced the same botched bank robbery several times. Run Lola Run definitely wins on its style points, but on those points alone.
0792151712|5.0|Titanic has to be the best movie in the world. Titanic won 11 Academy Awards, including best director. James Cameron did an amazing job of recreating Titanic, as well as splicing in footage from Robert Ballard's expedition in 1986 which discovered the Titanic wreck. Leo and Kate do an amazing job as Jack and Rose. Be forewarned that this movie has a very powerful, moving ending. Also, this movie is to boating in the Atlantic as Jaws is to swimming in any ocean.
B000002UJQ|1.0|Hey, I'm a big music fan. But this CD stinks. It's true It's true. I mean writing a song about how an airbag saved your life? Who cares? Tell me? Is there anyway an Android could be paranoid? It doesnt have feelings like humans and other animals. What about the other songs? Well, they are just filler. I mean this CD is pretty good but not as good as others. I think it deserves a spot on the top 100 records of the 90s, but you guys really overrate it with your biasness monkey boy. If you want real music get something else like heavy metal or hip-hop. That's emotional music. This is for college kids and softies.
B00002E23E|5.0|FOR ANYBODY WHO KNOWS ANYTHING ABOUT PLAYING AN INSTRUMENT THERE HAS NEVER BEFORE BEEN FOUR MUSICIANS OF THIS CALIBER PLAYING TOGETHER AND CREATING SONGS OF SUCH CREATIVITY THAT WOULD GRAB THE ENTIRE WORLD AND KEEP GOING STRONG FOR 31 YEARS WITH LISTENERS OF ALL AGES. GREAT LIVE FOOTAGE IS SCARCE FOR ANY TRUE ZEP FAN BUT FOR WHAT YOU GET IN THIS PACKAGE IS A GOLDMINE TO KEEP FOREVER AND TO LEARN FROM JUST AS MOST OF ALL THE OTHER FAMOUS ROCK CLONE BANDS HAVE DONE SO ENJOY AND STUDY THIS HARD EVERYONE BECAUSE THIS IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS.  CHRIS FROM LONG BEACH.
B000003TBP|5.0|I rarely give five stars to an album, but this is one masterpiece that will be in the classics category 30 years from now, guaranteed. Odelay broadens and intensifies the eclectic sound of the 1994 LP Mellow Gold, with a slight focus on funk and hip-hop -- although you will find virtually every other genre brilliantly fused into the aural framework as well. The Dust Brothers should also be given two thumbs up for their dead-on production, as it serves as one of their best achievements as well.
B00000IL26|5.0|i first heard lee morgan on coltrane's 'blue train'. i couldnt' get over the big, brash, and cocky sound. this guy is what every trumpet player wishes he was. his delivery is impeccable his range is incredible and he plays like he means it.and it is hard to believe that he is improvising sometimes. further, the songs on this cd are great. i think the two takes of 'totem pole' are by far the best. i can't stop listening to that song 2 years after buying the album. I've heard other VanGelder editions, and rarely, if ever do they sound better than the originals - he seems to be going for a sound more reflective of the time it was recorded while sacrificing the dynamics. Anyway, my recording is GREAT, and this is rare for trumpet albums of that time.
B00000J7J4|4.0|It's about time that Carlos Santana is honored with mass acclaim, but he should have been recognized as a national treasure many many years ago.<br />The music is good for 90s pop unquestionalby, but does not match the intensity, cohesiveness or all around instrumental virtuosity that made the 70s Santana bands so great.<br />Man, if the kids like it, dig it.  Santana is Santana, and Santana is a fine musician who had once had a great impact on racial boundaries in popular music.<br />Do like Carlos Santana says, check out some Coltrane albums.
B000002J23|2.0|When I think back to what Yes was and then I hear this album, I shake my head in disbelief. Only &quot;Tales&quot; &quot;Tormato&quot; and &quot;Relayer&quot; are worse. The songs really don't have that Yes sound. Geoff Downes and Trevor Horn couldn't do much with their former band The Buggles and they don't add much here. This band should have called it quits after &quot;Going For The One&quot; but they didn't and this is what you get. Subtract Jon Anderson and Rick Wakeman and you get what I consider a fake Yes album. Get this only to complete your collection. DO NOT START HERE!
068818071X|4.0|Marian Keyes is a good writer but her books are all variations on a theme. I liked this book so much I sat down to read both of her others only to find out that they have basically the same plot. Luckly, she makes her stories so interesting that I did not really mind, but I would like to see another version of a story from her, not just girl who is with a good guy, gets caught up with a bad guy and then sees the light and returns to the original guy. Otherwise she had me often in stiches writing really good humour.
B0000033OZ|5.0|This band could never really be represented by a compilation album. So, you need to find the best studio albums and go from there. ELP's debut is a good place to start. Along with Classic Rock staple &quot;Lucky Man&quot; you also have &quot;Take A Pebble&quot; and &quot;Knife's Edge.&quot; The band really never sounded tighter than this. The next album, &quot;Tarkus,&quot; proved that.
B000002UC5|3.0|This is not McCartney at his best. When I first heard this LP thirty years ago, only two or three songs hit the mark. After &quot;Pepper&quot;, &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;, and &quot;Hey Jude&quot; we expected something very different on his first solo LP. But then we were in the audience ready for some good music. McCartney was struggling for Light and inspiration. If you judge this first solo attempt strictly on the music, it's at best average. If you place this LP in the context of history, it's relevant and brilliant. His tenderness and need for Linda is everywhere. &quot;Every Night&quot; is a simple song that holds up thirty years later, on it's own. &quot;Man We Was Lonely&quot; is honest and has that McCartney signature sound. He let's you know that even with all the fame and fortune of being a Beatle, the heart is where it's really at. The instrumentals &quot;Hot As Sun Glasses&quot; and &quot;Momma Miss America&quot; show McCartney searching and reaching out with his guitar. &quot;Junk&quot; is a great intropsective piece. This could have been from the &quot; White Album&quot;. &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot; remains his best post-Beatle song. Honest, powerful, profound, right through the heart. &quot;Singalong Junk&quot; shows a sense of humor and how really lost he is personally and creatively. It's almost like he has so much to say but can't find the words. So I'll fill it with this. The &quot;McCartney&quot; LP cover is my favorite. The Photos inside tell their own story on where he's at at that moment: &quot;family&quot;. Again, taken out of the context of history, the LP is average. When you know what's really going on with him at that moment, you're appreciation changes your perspective. Lastly, the closing song &quot;Kreen - Akrore&quot; tells you how frustrated and lost he is. The heavy breathing against the drums. He tired and worn-out. Some of the instrumentals on this LP almost belong to the avant-garde.
B000002OG8|5.0|I was looking for something to listen to while I surfed the web and put this album on. It is one of the best albums I own. After more than 20 years, it never sounds outdated. The duel guitars and vocal harmonies can't be beat. My favorite songs are &quot;Time Was&quot; &quot;Blowin Free&quot; and &quot;Warrior&quot;. But, every song is simply astounding. How this band got overlooked in the 70's still amazes me. Please don't pass this up. It will be one of the worst decisions you could make. BTW it's not just for guitarists, but anyone who is looking for a good, talented band.
0385491026|5.0|I am really shocked at the negative responses to this amazing novel of Margeret Atwoods, I would recommend this book to all women. The novel concerns itself with various themes and issues, Abuse, Power, Gender, Forgiveness, Time and Justice to name but a few. It is a tale of a women on a journey of realisation and acceptance as she is forced to face and challenge her repressed memories of insufferable callousness at the hands of her childhood companion.  I found it highly inspiring and enjoyable. Not only because it paints a vivid picture of the terrors of childhood but because we follow Elaine Risley on her fight to forgive and forget and in the end she wins.  Very inspiring in my opinion!
0783243499|5.0|First, let me say I never read the book...only knew there was controversy about it. So, when I started laughing early in the film at the dead on depiction of the souless consumerism, competition and shallowness of the early 80's, I was a little confused. But, I was also unexpectedly delighted. Don't the people who hate this movie realize that it is a brilliantly done social satire and a truly dark comedy?  Expertly casted, played perfectly and directed with finesse and humor, we not only get a picture of the times but also an understanding of the slide into madness. Excellent.
B00000DGUG|3.0|It is impossible to follow up on a blockbuster album with one that is as talked about or accepted. Just ask 90's groups like Hootie and The Blowfish or Ace of Base. Alanis Morissette's &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; was a record-setter in 1995 and she took her time making a successor. &quot;Junkie&quot; starts off strong but ultimately flounders on  pseudo-psychadeliic lyrics and jarring arrangements. &quot;Front Row&quot; rocks hard and &quot;Thank You&quot; has a great melody and an impressive vocal performance. The gem of the set is &quot;That I Would Be Good,&quot; an intense, personal ballad about forgiveness and unconditional love. But after that, the rose is blown. &quot;Unsent&quot; swirls into a dark nothingness and much of material lacks focus. This album could have been half as long and been more enjoyable.
B00000JGEF|5.0|Predator is a fantastic action/sci-fi film that has the words &quot;must see&quot; written all over it. I grew up with this movie (along with it's ultra-violent sequel, Predator 2). I've always loved it. There is almost nothing wrong with it. This movie always manages to be entertaining and scary.<br />I TOTALLY agree with Shawn Watson. This is a landmark movie. It sets the standard for excellent sci-fi/action films. The Predator is one of the greatest movie villains EVER. It's a total shame he's so damn underrated and didn't get  more attention like the Alien series got (which is pretty much nothing compared to this). Predator is the ultimate Alien  creature. Period.<br />The story is also extremely original. A group of Commandos go out to rescue a Government Official who disappeared into the South American jungle. They soon find out that some creature that has an ability to become invisible is stalking them and is hunting them. This adds a great and completely refreshing take on the sci-fi genre instead of the usual people on spaceship find Alien monster that wants to deavour them. I also flawlessly mixes the action genre and probably the horror genre.  The action sequences are mind blowing. The tank battle is absolutely amazing and the showdown at the end between  Dutch and the Predator kept me at the edge of my seat and took my breath away. I guarantee the same will apply for you. <br />Besides having incredible action sequences, a completely original and awesome villain, and gore galore (this definitely is NOT for kids and the weak-stomached), the scenery is  beautiful and breath-taking. The jungle is the perfect hunting ground for the Predator, and the battles are even  better when shown in the landscapes. The acting is also fantastic. Arnold has one of his best roles ever and Kevin Peter Hall makes the Predator a million-dimensional killing machine. McTiernan's direction is top-notch and makes the film move at a terrific pace. The photography is some of the best ever on film. The same can be said for the screenplay. Very original and strong, and extremely unpredictable.<br />All in all, Predator is an awesome movie that shouldn't be missed by any sci-fi/action freak, horror fanatics and Arnie fans. Buy it now and be sure you also get the equal sequel, Predator 2.
B000001Y42|2.0|This is the album that got the ball rolling for Limp Bizkit, and after taking an honest listen to it, it's tough to understand why. Sure, it's loud and it's fast, and it has some memorable moments, but overall it's a sloppy, tuneless mess. No wonder it was their amusingly psycho cover of &quot;Faith&quot; that won them fame -- just about everything else here screams of potential not being met, and so the boys just pound the crap out of their instruments, hoping that all the noise and energy will cover all the potholes on this VERY bumpy ride. No dice.  Part of the problem is the production, which is quite simply terrible: there's no clarity to any of the instruments, and everything sounds muffled, like they recorded it in a garage with the door closed. It's hard to believe that a producer as genius as the great Ross Robinson could hash out such a colorless sound. Adding insult to injury, the mixing of the album is even worse -- particularly on John Otto's drums, which sound like he's beating cheap trash cans. In short, this CD sounds like a demo, and doesn't give Limp Bizkit the cutting-edge sound they need to get their material across.  The sound of the album wouldn't be a problem if the songs were up to snuff, but they aren't. Most of the tracks sound the same, and singer Fred Durst usually resorts to annoying screaming when he runs out of good lyrics, which is often. Other than &quot;Stuck&quot;, which joins a good rap by Durst with a lethal thrash chorus, and &quot;Pollution&quot;, a catchy punk-type song that gets better as it goes, most of Three Dollar Bill doesn't cut it. They also borrow from many bands without shame (&quot;Counterfeit&quot;, in particular, sounds like cheap Korn).  But all these flaws can be attributed to the fact that it was this young band's first album, and they clearly got better with their next album, Significant Other, and the upcoming Chocolate Starfish &amp; The Hot Dog Flavored Water, probably their best work to date. If you want the Limp Bizkit heard on these two albums, you'd be best advised to avoid Three Dollar Bill, which even the band says is by far their weakest moment. But if you don't mind running your hands through all the crap to find a few diamonds, then by all means give this one a shot. But at least buy it used. It simply isn't worth the full price.want the Limp Bizkit heard on these two albums, you'd be best advised to avoid Three Dollar Bill, which even the band says is by far their weakest moment. But if you don't mind running your hands through all the crap to find a few diamonds, then by all means give this one a shot. But at least buy it used. It simply isn't worth the full price.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is the best CD I've heard in a long time.  Darren's voice is gorgeus and haunting, and Daniel is one of the most talented musicians in the world, in my opinion at least. I think they are way better than 'N Sync or BSB.  And they've stayed away from all the hype, too.  I Knew I Loved You and Crash and Burn are beautiful and romantic, and The Best Thing is a lively party song with teen appeal.  Two Beds and a Coffee Machine, though not widely recognized, is really sad if you listen to the lyrics.  Buy this CD today, I mean it!!!
B00003ZA0T|5.0|This is one of the best metal albums I ever heard, its like the Nevermind(Nirvana) of metal.  when I play it, I just go crazy bounce up and down in my room, (Sic) and Liberate makes me go nuts, Eyeore is cool to, is like the punker song of slipknot, i've seen them live once and they f...en rule!
B00004U3UG|2.0|I must agree with some of the previous reviewers. This is a good movie, but the quality of this DVD is VERY POOR!!! The final battle scene is grainy (worse than on a VHS tape) and the dubbing is bad. The words don't match the actions of the actors mouth during the final battle scene in some areas. I guess I'm going to have to buy the other (THX) version of this movie. I hate watching a movie when I am not satisified with the quality of the product. It distracts me from enjoying the movie.
6304789440|5.0|Aliens was the best one out of all four, I think. Segourney weaver was awesome in it, then again she was in all of them. Aliens was really cool because everyone was panicing which gave the film more suspense to it. I own 1-3 of the Alien movies, but I love Aliens! The facehugger scenes were great in it expecially. Overall, I loved it.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Bryan Singer's XMEN is (in the humble opinion of most fanboys I've talked to, myself included) THE new standard of how a comic book movie should be made. I'm sure there are people out there who thought BATMAN &amp; ROBIN was a fine film but I as of yet have not met one. There are so many exceptional qualities about XMEN but perhaps the biggest factor is the standout performance of Hugh Jackman as Wolverine/Logan. The other characters in the movie are certainly interesting but when Jackman's on-screen he simply commands attention! Mark my words...Hugh Jackman is here to stay in Hollywood! IMHO...XMEN is the best comic book adaption ever put to screen...
B000002H33|5.0|If there is a heaven, then Cliff Burton is for sure shaking his head in disappointment at Metallica's latest &quot;accomplishments&quot;.The title of my review pretty much says it all. Compared to Master of Puppets all others of this genre take second seat. To relax, close your eyes, and experience this album to an exceptional stereo system should be enough to bring any open minded person to a certain degree of enlightenment as to what a true masterpiece really is. Thats alot to say, I realize that, but thats just one mans opinion. If I had to choose just one.... this is where the typical reviewer says &quot;you can't possibly choose just one they're all great&quot;... But not me. Standing oh so slightly taller than the rest is the mighty orion. If you where to give 4 musicians nothing more to work with than 2 electric guitars, a bass and a drum set and say &quot;make classical music. I dont care how long it takes just as long as it happens&quot; this song would definiely be the outcome. If you have been fooling yourself into thinking that the last couple of disasters that Metallica has released are their best, you need to wake up, and give this album the attention that it deserves.  As far as the songs themselves, they are all tens except for orion, which has somehow breached natural laws and clocked in at an eleven. But you dont have to believe me... Just listen, and you'll realize that great is the master and mighty above all others.
B00004Z1MN|5.0|This one had me on the edge of my seat!  I wanted to talk, laugh, and cry with the movie, but couldn't - I was on an airplane!  I've been waiting for this to come out on video so I could get my husband and son to see it.  One of the best movies I've seen in a long time.  If you haven't seen it - BUY THE VIDEO OR DVD!!!
B00000G3Q4|5.0|The FILM: After all those years, Sam Raimi's debut feature still delivers very well. This film did not only become a cult favourite because of its excessive use of gore, but because it was made by a bunch of very talented people. You want proof? Here you go: The special effects seem, especially to our nowadays CGI-spoiled eyes, very cheap, crude and primitive, yet the film still works extremely well. Even after all those years, the film still manages to conjure a very special atmosphere which greatly contributes to the success of this film. Many, many scenes still stand out and it is still a delight to watch in fascination the imagination, enthusiasm and creative wit of Sam Raimi and his team.  The DVD: The picture quality is hardly striking but, considering the source material (it was, after all, an &quot;amateur&quot;-film), very pleasing. Special note: In order to preserve the correct aspect ratio of the original film, this film was transferred in full frame instead of a letterbox format. It's great fun to hear the demons dashing through the woods in remixed surround sound. Also, do not forget to check out the audio commentaries which feature a whole bunch of interesting trivia. Kudos to Anchor Bay for another great disc, if you want a definite edition of THE EVIL DEAD, don't look any further...
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney Spears has done it again and there is nothing that you haters can do to stop that.  She performs tracks that are catchy and you can hear almost anybody quoting some of her lyrics.  Here is a breakdown of the album for those who like her.<br />1. Oops!... I Did It Again - Great song! Good idea for a first single, makes her look sexy. 5/5<br />2. Stronger - By Far, the best song on the album.  It is really catchy, and you'll be singing along in no time. 7/5<br />3. Don't Go Knockin' On My Door - Something different, and yet she makes it work. 4/5<br />4. (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction - Good r and b feel but I dont like the beginning part. 3/5<br />5. Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know - Good lyrics, and cool beat but I am not much of a slow song person. 4/5<br />6. What You See (Is What You Get) - The second best song on the album, and has a really positive message.  Saying that I am not one to be changed. 6/5<br />7. Lucky - A pretty good song, but I don't think she is singing about herself because she didn't write the lyrics. 5/5<br />8. One Kiss From You - This song has a great feel to it, almost like Soda Pop. 5/5<br />9. Where Are You Now - Pretty good slow song. 5/5<br />10. Can't Make You Love Me - Almost like &quot;What U See...&quot; It is a really good song, very easy to dance to. 6/5<br />11. When Your Eyes Say It - Dianne Warren wrote this but Britney sounds like she is talking through most of it. 4/5<br />12. Dear Diary - Her writing debut and I have only one word for it. Cute!  5/5
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard remains one of my very favorite authors, maybe number one. I haven't read a book by her that I didn't like.  Some of my all time favorite books that I keep are by Linda. Mr. Perfect happens to be one of them. I was kept in suspense until the end, and the love scenes were extra steamy. I liked the characters, they seemed so real and likeable. I recommend Linda Howard to everyone who loves a good book. Mr. Perfect is a winner!
B00003CWN2|5.0|No matter how you see &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot;, the opinion still stays the same: it is a GREAT film.  Despite the acting being wonderful (Hilary Swank, Chloe Sevigny, and Alicia Goransan all were superb---but out of them all, I think Peter Sarsgaard, for his portrayal of John Lotter, deserved the Oscar nomination), the camera work was exquisite and the fight to keep reality in and not mix it with too much fiction was a good touch.  This is definitely on my list of one of the best films I have ever seen!
079073804X|5.0|The added trailers and &quot;extra's&quot; on this version are great at helping us to remember it's only a movie, HOWEVER  this is one age old story of good vs evil which I don't believe will ever stop frightening people.  The images and special effects which appear very simple and basic in comparison to current hi-tech standards are still very shocking and will send chills down your spine and give you goosebumps. This movie will continue to scare because the fear produced is rooted deep within our own psyche.  The movie leaves you with images and thoughts which have the ability to transform your moments alone into a living hell.  It is a fear that goes far beyond what we can &quot;see&quot; with our eyes. The movie strikes the most primitive fears imaginable with graphic and sacreligious visual images and the bone chilling sound effects and musical score.  The added visual imagery of the almost subliminal  and fleeting death face will leave you asking yourself and others if you really saw  it.  In addition, the newly inlcluded scene of Reagan in a 'spider walk' down the staircase will again trigger those fears which are difficult to describe verbally but resonate deep within our psyche.<br />Beyond the ability of the movie to scare the hell out of you (or into you),  the movie also seems to depict another basic  theme of the human search for answers to life's big questions.  The early sequence of the archeological dig in Iraq and the sequence of the adolescent Regan undergoing a series of neurological and medical tests to identify the &quot;etiology&quot; of her &quot;illness&quot; are classic illustrations of this.  From this movie, it appears the anwers to these questions regarding  the presence of good &amp; evil forces and the nature of suffering cannot be unearthed in the archeology of the past or the  technology of the future.  These may continue to be questions which may never  be &quot;answered or proven&quot;...and maybe they aren't meant to be.  They may always be a matter of belief or faith and this movie is likely  to shake yours.<br />It's recent re-release to the big screen has also yielded successful box office figures proving it one of the classic horror films of all time.always be a matter of belief or faith and this movie is likely  to shake yours.<br />It's recent re-release to the big screen has also yielded successful box office figures proving it one of the classic horror films of all time.
B000003TAW|5.0|not necessarily with you, but you must buy it!<br />This is an essential album.  It falls in my Top 10 right along with the Beatles Rubber Soul and Led Zeppelin IV.  All of the songs are catchy, and so musically sound it makes you wonder why Weezer isn't bigger than they are.  It's so aesthetically pleasing it'll be in your CD player for months straight right after you buy it, and will definitely stand the test of time in the group of albums you play the most.
B000002A3T|5.0|The Division Bell was the first PF I bought, after hearing a couple of tracks on a local alternative radio station (NZ mainstream radio sucks). Perhaps it sounds pathetic and fanatical but it quite literally changed my life and views of music. I had never come across a band before which had a sound which could fill the room and just seem to go on forever. Being half deaf, a musically powerful band will always hit me harder than a lyrically powerful band because I can't always hear the lyrics of a song clearly first off. Fortunately the production was such, I could cotton onto the lyrics easily as well, which I think are great. All of the songs are great, parts contributing to a greater whole. I was smitten shall we say.<br /> I have subsequently explored the other PF albums (and the associated solo works by the members) and enjoyed them immensely. This album still tops my list of favourites from PF.  More importantly though, it was the album which opened up my ears to many, many different forms of music. <br /> Roger Waters was and is a very good singer-songwriter but his ideas from the late 70's onwards were breaking away from the ideas which drove PF in the earlier years. Up until &quot;Wish you were here&quot; I feel it was about of creating a sound which people can immerse themselves in and stare at the bedroom ceiling to on slow afternoons. Dave Gilmour (among others) has spoken about the attempts to create an atmosphere through the words and music in various interviews over the years.<br /> Roger Waters is interested in saying something meaningful and his ideas are brilliant; however, not to denigrate his huge contribution to modern rock music I think his ideas were developed as far as they could within the PF context. Ultimately these ideas grew to become the &quot;wrong shape&quot; for PF to express. The later PF albums, and particularly Division Bell mark a return to the arguably less lyrically powerful form but equally emotive form of psychedelic music.  Both Roger Waters and the current PF make excellent music (when they ARE making music); however, I don't feel the argument &quot;Which one's Pink?&quot; really has much relevance. For me it doesn't make sense to try and compare them.<br /> Ultimately time will tell whether The Division Bell (or any album by any group for that matter) deserves the praise or scorn it gets. I think the jury is definitely out on The Division Bell, yet my experience thus far is that it has deeply moved a lot more people than the sceptics realise.
B00004XPQL|3.0|I've got a soft spot in my heart for certain B-grade flicks, the ones that somehow realize they're bad and yet aspire to be more. They fail miserably, of course, but it's fun to see them try. Bad dialogue, bad acting, and a ridiculous plot should never add up to something entertaining, yet sometimes, by some miracle they do. That's how we get guilty pleasures.<br />&quot;Final Destination&quot; is just this type of film. The writers try to set up a debate on determinism versus free will and end up with some real howlers. Emotions are shown with a clenched face and too many uses of the f-word. Male lead Devon Sawa in particular is way too earnest in his portrayal of the precognitive high-schooler Alex, whose predictions get 7 people off a doomed plane and land them at the top of Death's list. And you would think Death would do better than to copy slasher boogeymen, but you would be wrong.<br />But director James Wong and his cinematographers seem to understand it's all a sick joke (with, by the way, one hell of a punchline in the final second). A filmic McGyver, Wong seems to relish turning cups of vodka, computer monitors, and dishtowels into instruments of over-the-top carnage. He's content to get by on style alone, which doesn't make for an award-winning movie, or even a good one. It does provide a couple hours of entertainment for those in the right frame of mind, though, and sometimes that's all that matters.
B000001ELP|2.0|All due respect to Mr. Boros, but I have to say... Some bands cannot make good &quot;concept albums.&quot;  KISS is one such band. And disliking it does not mean that I am &quot;not smart enough to see beyond four chords.&quot;  As a matter of fact, I find most power rock of the ilk referred to in that comment pedestrian and unimaginitive.<br />I write all this because I think it should be clear that while KISS should be commended for trying something new to reinvigorate the band against - face it - shifting demographics and a loss of direction by the band (the group dissolved, essentially, during the making of this record), they still failed.<br />Concept albums and prog rock are generally, by default, a pretentious lot.  I'm not saying that derogatorily.  I actually tend to enjoy well constructed and written concept albums.  The new Radiohead album, &quot;Kid A&quot; is a great example of an experimental conceptual album.  The Pretty Ones rock opera &quot;S.F. Sorrow&quot; is another classic - the one that inspired Pete Townsend to start on &quot;Tommy.&quot;  The point is, KISS never were about this, and they just didn't have the tools for the job.  Their talents lie in other directions.<br />I can't be impressed that a band uses strings and orchestrations unless they use them well and to good effect.  KISS didn't quite manage that.<br />Music usually interests me more than lyrics, but for completeness' sake, let's examine the story, et. al. of &quot;Music From The Elder.&quot;  Hardly original is it?  Every band in the 70s and 80s seemed to record an album about the young boy who is the hero, ancient mystic powers... damn!  All we're missing are unicorns and albatrosses, and we have ourselves a Hawkwind or Marillion album.<br />So, since I've spent all this space claiming KISS shouldn't have made this album, I imagine you think that I wish they had released another &quot;Destroyer&quot; or some such.  Nah.  I'm all for reaching out in new areas, so long as the artist can manage it.  Maybe a move into more interesting tonal arrangements and styles would have suited KISS better than this misguided project.<br />It is precisely this sort of album by this sort of band that 'Rock and Roll Creation' and 'Stonehenge' parodied in the classic &quot;This Is Spinal Tap.&quot;<br />In sum: nice try at rebuilding band, too bad the results are derivative, unoriginal, and unfulfilling.
0783226160|5.0|This movie was most likely the first film to parody Fraternity life at College.  And it sucedes greatly at doing that.  Otter, Bluto, Dean Wormer, Flounder, and many others are portrayed with great hillarity. Not for pre teen kids and probably not for most senior citizens but anyone who can reminisce about the good old days of college parties will love this one.  Its a classic in its own light.
B00003CWL6|1.0|This movie has bad acting and an even worse storyline.  Fortunately, I don't give a crap for low high school girls who complain and whine that their breasts are 2 mm smaller than the average or about a crazy guy who video tapes people who is the son of an even crazier military officer.  Who cares about a movie that is all about teen sex?  A lot more than you think.  Who cares about a person being in Seventeen magazine?  A lot more than you think.  But this movie is not compelling, just plain stupid and way too long.  I can't give you enough reasons not to watch this film.  Take my advice, don't get this film.  But you can ignore it and face over two hours of torture or over two hours of napping time.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I SAW THIS MOVIE 3 TIMES IN THEATERS AND IT GETS BETTER EVERY SINGLE TIME! IT IS A PARODY TO ALL THE  GOOD SCARY MOVIES! THIS IS A-MUST-SEE!  IF ANYBODY LOVES COMEDY THAN U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE! THERE WILL NEVER BE A BETTER MOVIE!  NEVER!
B00003CX8J|3.0|The movie is very good in some aspects, but lack in many.  The cast is perfect for their characters and play them well, and the graphics are pretty good.  But the storyline.  It sucks.  It's mostly about Wolverine.  Also, evolution isn't true, it never was and never will be, but what made the storyline worse was that they messed with the characters.  Cyclops is supposed to be kind in the comics, but his image in the movie is less appealing.  I recommend you get this movie, if only you like lots of graphics and like the cast.  But the movie is far from the comics in quality.
0446677450|4.0|This book was very good.  It teaches you to use your mind in everything that you do.  Once you become a buying consumer part of the world it is hard to get out of that trap hopefully everyone will read this book and get out of the trap.<br />It was very motivational as well.  I think after I read this book in a couple of hours I could have conquered the world.  So here I am trying to conquer the world.  My Dad recommended this book I am just sorry I didn't read it sooner.  Definitely read this book if not to get get rich then for the motivational aspects.  I would recommend it to anyone.
B000002L7J|5.0|Historically, the greatest songwriters in rock (Bob Dylan, Paul Simon, Elvis Costello) have never articulated any original or remarkable thoughts within their lyrics. The most a successful rock lyricist can hope to accomplish, is to accurately mirror the status quo by encapsulating how and why certain segments of society feel. Not to write meaningless, relativistic &quot;phonetic poetry&quot; like Brian Eno. Not to claim that the difference between things there (the projects) and here is such that the taking of responsibility there and here should be on different principles, like most knuckle-dragging hip-hop &quot;artists&quot; try to do. That music not only says nothing about &quot;my&quot; life, but nothing about life in general (except that its absurd). It's like Camus with a drum-machine. <br /> When Morrissey first emerged from the UK's New Romantic scene in the early 1980s, he and the Smiths immediately stood out from the crowd. Hitherto, he was the first lyricist to speak out for tens of thousands of disaffected, alienated adolescents, who had been waiting impatiently for such a spokesman as the flamboyant Mancunian. Unlike unbearably bleak successors Kurt Cobain and Richey Edwards, there was an occasional optimistic light at the end of the tunnel within Morrissey's lyrics. <br /> &quot;Meat is Murder&quot; is full of somber, melodic tunes that cast a autobiographical light on Morrissey. The first song &quot;The Headmaster Ritual,&quot; is a petulant diatribe aimed at the abusive faculty of St. Marys, a Catholic school he attended until he was 16. Track five, &quot;That Joke isn't Funny Anymore,&quot; is my personal favorite; a song which Morrissey claimed in an interview was about the treatment he received by the music press. Then there's &quot;How Soon is Now,&quot; a song that the Smiths are identified with here by most people here in the US, nothwithstanding the fact that it was never released as a single for the Smiths in the UK.  <br /> A definite must-have for any Smiths fan and a smart first-purchase for those looking to get acquainted with the band's best work.
B000002U82|5.0|Here's 3 words to describe this CD...Wizard of Oz. Nuf said!
B00004YYDI|5.0|I have always considered &quot;The Professional&quot; to be a modern classic.  It is a relatively fresh story (a true rarity) that is well cast, well directed, and well acted.<br />At its heart, this is a action-themed dark love story about two people who (for very different reasons)who might at first glance seem incapable of love, yet are.<br />Jean Reno and Natalie Portman are both fabulously convincing, and Gary Oldman turns in a captivating performance as well.  Director Luc Besson has created characters that we can admire (or despise, as the case may be), and are much more easily understood in this longer version.  The edited US version leaves out some important, though slightly uncomfortable scenes, that truly further both the story and the characters.<br />I recommend this movie, especially this version.
0783235607|5.0|This fine film is proof that the horror genere can make an intelligent and thought provoking film.This film is a MUST see for anyone who considers themselves a horror fan and to see a film that relies on plot and a good sense of its audience rather than cop-out CGI effects and a lame story.
0380788624|5.0|An incredible read.  Stephenson's knowledge of events of World War II, the development of military codes, the birth of the computer, etc., is truly mind-boggling.  Despite its heft, at 900 pages +, I never once felt my attention slipping, which is quite a tribute to Stephenson's writing skills.  Great characterization, several gripping stories (present day and past history), as well as fascinating facts make for time well spent.  If this truly is a first volume, I anxiously await volumes 2 - ?
0792841344|4.0|This film stands alone in the world of horror.  I first saw Phantasm on a blind date back in the late 70's.  I loved it, my date hated it!  Needless to say ... a second date was not forthcoming.  Being a fan of comic books, this movie could have had the dialog displayed as word balloons over the actor's heads,  it's just that non-linear.  On the surface, it's a weird horror movie filled with creepy characters and unique visuals.  At a deeper level it's about dealing with the sudden loss of loved ones and the desperate need to hold on to the remains of sanity.<br />The DVD is a great transfer and the extras are outstanding.  After all these years, the film still holds up as a creative leap  and a lesson to all the 100 million dollar directors who seem to have forgotten that its the story ... not the money spent that makes a classic movie!<br />This movie will make a fine addition to any film buff's library and will continue to disturb it's viewer for many years to come.
B000002KOO|5.0|Fleetwood Mac...This is the ORIGINAL mac...no stevie, no meaningless, sappy pop songs...just pure, hard blues rock...the best tune on the album is the alternately powerful and delicate Oh Well...it is Peter Green's magnum opus...the craze of Rattlesnake Shake is a highlight, as well as Green's Coming Your Way, Underway, and Before the Beginning...but Green is not the only punch on the album...Danny Kirwin's Coming Your Way and Like Crying are also solid blues/rock tunes and the Searching/Fighting for Madge are Mac at their jamming best...three guitarists, a great rhythm section...and Peter Green, a musical genius...buy this album and you'll never regret it
0783225725|5.0|&#34;High Plains Drifter&#34; (1973) remains one of the finest Westerns of the past 30 years, though it was sadly underrated during its initial release. The film's psychological and supernatural elements are much stronger when viewed in a modern context. Like his Oscar-winning &#34;Unforgiven&#34; (1992), director-actor Clint Eastwood utilizes the genre to explore the darker aspects of human nature. From a cinematic perspective, &#34;High Plains Drifter&#34; is superior to all the Eastwood-directed Westerns — with the exception of &#34;The Outlaw Josey Wales&#34; (1976) — and benefits from repeated viewings. Once seen, the dysfunctional town of Lago never can be forgotten.
B00004W19V|4.0|First off, this movie has been a favorite of mine since I was young and I still laugh at the jokes in this movie. &quot;Hey, Laser lips, your momma was a snow blower&quot; :) Anyways, I thought that this DVD being a special edition and all would have some really great features; well, I was disappointed. The featurettes are extremely old, which were filmed around the same time the film was made. The only thing new is the commentary track. Regardless, if you like this movie, buy the disc. The video and sound are great.
B00004SCX6|3.0|This CD isn't anything great. I guess it has its moments, but it is overly computerized. I gave it 3 stars because I like the title track, and a couple of other songs. Otherwise, it's not that great
0517543052|5.0|I first picked up this book about two years ago.  Since that time, the tale of how Richard Alpert Ph.D. became Ram Dass has become one of my favorite works.  Is it on the fringe?  Well, that depends on your perspective.  Your enjoyment of this book will be proportional to your acceptance of different viewpoints on life.  If you don't want your ideas about life challenged, then don't read this book.  However, if you believe that the purpose of reading is to get you thinking, then there is perhaps no better book then &quot;Be Here Now&quot;.  If you are up for a good internal debate, pick it up and read on.
B000044U4B|5.0|This is the best Metallica CD out in the market. It has the best song, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;. Also one of the most intense songs, &quot;Fight Fire with Fire&quot;. I recommend this CD very much.
6302969352|5.0|I haven't read all the reviews of this film, but I can't imagine that any reviewer rates the film less than superb.  It's a knockout!  Action-packed, funny, heart-wrenching, humane, profound--this one film seems to have everything anyone could want, including a forbidden romance.  If I could show one film to my classes every semester, it would be this--or Yojimbo, or Sanjuro.  Those are all personal favorites, and I've never told anyone about them who didn't come back and thank me!
6305807086|1.0|I did not like this movie. I did not like the characters. I did not care about them. I thought the premise stupid not weird. The actors have all done better work. [ I DID like Mary Kay Place a lot though.] It was mildly amusing in spots but never laugh out loud funny.
0800128052|5.0|Being from Miami, you can only imagine how much my title hurts.  Anyway, this is one fantastic movie, and you cannot help but cheer during it.<br />Sean Austin plays Daniel &quot;Rudy&quot; Ruettiger, an undersized student who always dreamed of playing for the Notre Dame college football team.  To get there, he has to overcome many obstacles, and play for the practice squad, running the opposition's plays.  It is a difficult course, but one in which Rudy refuses to give up on.<br />The acting is great, as Austin turns in a remarkable performance.  Charles S. Dutton plays his inspirational friend/boss very well, and Ned Beatty is excellent as Rudy's blue-collar father.  The plot, based on a true story, is nicely drawn out, and leaves you feeling inspired.<br />Overall, this is a real entertaining film that you are guaranteed to enjoy.  It's a touchdown!
B00004STPT|5.0|I think that this soundtrack restores many of the original &quot;latin&quot; music (the truly one, by the latins one of their tribes: the romans) in a classical-modern way. I liked a lot, because it gives you the emotions and feelings according to movie scenes.  I liked most the last song &quot;Now we are free&quot;, however the lyrics are in latin... does anybody have them, can you send them to my e-mail please??
0783225849|5.0|This is another fine Universal Home Video Hitchcock release. There is a load of extras which are nearly as fascinating as the film itself. I can't wait to see the entire Hitchcock library cleaned up and released on DVD, and I hope Universal continues to achieve this high level of quality in their product.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Of course you've all seen the movie (and if you haven't, what the hell are you thinking? ), so let's get straight to the DVD itself.  The second you pop it in, you know you're looking at the most insane, overblown DVD ever released just from the crazy menu intro.  A lot of the best movies ever made were cheaper than the menus on this disc.  And you get just about everything you could possibly want in a T2 DVD and then a whole lot more.  Or, rather, you learn everything you'd ever want to know about T2, but the disc doesn't have one of the most obvious features fans would have wanted-- a Cameron/Schwarzenneger commentary track.  Yeah, there's that crazy 26-people track with subtitles so you can tell who's talking, and both Cameron and Schwarzenneger appear on it, but it's obviously just pieced together from various interviews and documentaries (many of which appear elsewhere on the disc).  As nice as it is, the best commentaries are the ones that make you feel like you're watching the movie with the people who made it, like the one on Anchor Bay's Evil Dead II special edition.  And when you think T2, you think James Cameron and Arnold Schwarzenneger, so their voices should have taken precedence.  Everything else is as good as you'd expect, with three versions of the film all presented in fantastic picture and sound (DD or DTS).  The Special Edition version adds some interesting moments (a scene focusing on Miles Dyson really adds to the significance of his character) but also some lame ones (the Kyle Reese dream sequence is melodramatic and drags on way too long).  The hidden third cut, however, just adds two needless scenes, including a totally ludicrous alternate ending.  But anyway, it's one of the best DVD purchases around, and everybody who owns a player should probably buy it just as a reference of how thorough the format can be.  It's a five-star disc, no doubt about it, but they really should have gotten more of Arnold and Jim.
B000002HFU|2.0|Its probably the worst cd made by anyone in Wu-Tang.The intro is funny and thats about it.The only decent songs on this cd were ones odb did with other people and they weren't even that good.If you want some Wu-Tang flavor get the 1st Method Man alblum,Tical.Its a lot better.
B000002MTR|5.0|An old friend of mine gave me this CD a long time ago, along with some others including CD's by Pearl Jam, Jimi Hendrix, P.O.T.U.S.A., Bush, and Silverchair. The only ones I ever listened to were Bush's &quot;Sixteen Stone&quot; and Hendrix's &quot;The Ultimate Experience.&quot; I considered &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; to be a throwaway disc...until now.<br />I found the disc in a drawer near my computer, and remembering that it did have two good songs, &quot;Aeroplane&quot; and &quot;My Friends,&quot; I placed it into my CD player and was amazed to find one of the best Chili Peppers albums I'd ever heard!<br />Maybe not quite as good as &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magik,&quot; but still an absolutely kickin' CD, &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; alternates between slow, melodic songs, funky groovin' songs, and hard-edged songs. All songs on this CD are great, I've discovered it's one of those CD's you can listen to without having to skip a track.<br />The very best songs include &quot;Aeroplane,&quot; &quot;My Friends,&quot; &quot;Coffee Shop,&quot; &quot;Deep Kick,&quot; &quot;Falling Into Grace,&quot; and &quot;Transcending.&quot; Flea's little song, &quot;Pea,&quot; is also an intriguing bit of music, though filled with more expletives than I'd like. Overall, the album is just a great experience.<br />Although you have to let it grow on you for a while, give this CD a chance if you haven't already. I waited about 3 years to give it a decent chance, and wish I would have discovered this masterpiece a long, long time ago. Recommended.
1558908498|5.0|The word 'sequel' alone surpasses its original, otherwise refering to the original Scream (starring the same recuring characters in Scream 2, Sydney Prescot, Gale Weathers and Dewy Riley). Cleverly written dialogue, and well directed by Wes Craven, this Scream will surely make your hair stand on ends or at least give you a few jumps in the plot. Well acted by some of Hollywood's best actors, Neave Campbell (Party Of Five), Courtney Cox (Friends), and of course David Arquette.<br />The scene starts in the movies, following a couple watching the Stab preview along with other horror fanatics. Little did they know, they were the victims of the sequel loving serial killers, the murders were the imitation of the first killers from the original movie, Scream, following in Billy's footsteps. They were also making they're own movie, they're own sequel so what rules now apply to the new movie? The rules of a sequel as follows and are contained throughout the whole polt of the movie, (rule 1)- more dead bodies, so that means more murders, (rule2)- the death scenes are much more elaborate, and (rule3)- well, watch the movie and find out for yourselves through the horror and terror of Scream 2. <br />The identitys of the killers will surprise you. This is a must see movie, a must see sequal and a must see Scream to be viewed over and over again. Enjoy.
B000002J1B|5.0|Well, this was my very first experience of Yes, and i only am very young for a Yes fan at 15 but this was an awesome album by my standards. This is NOT music, but an experience. I laid in bed and listened to Gates on dull whack through a fantastic set of headphones and it is one of the best experiences of my life. Each time i listen to it i love it more. It really is a fulfilling experience from start to finish, from the sublte playful intro to the monstrous war section and fanfare which always makes the hairs on the back of my neck stick up, and the beautiful sublime outro &quot;Soon...&quot; which moves me to tears. It is worth buying this album for 22 minutes of bliss and nirvana. I think everyone ought to listen to this at least once, and then buy CTTE and TfTO just to make thier lives complete. The tracks Sound Chaser and To Be Over really are second fiddle to this masterpiece, which does justice to the skill of all members of Yes, especially Moraz and White and Howe and Squire....oh hell and Anderson. Why wasnt i born earlier? Why does this track not seem like a piece of music but a story? Dont try to answer, but try and find yourself in this album.
0790749815|5.0|The film needs no review from me. It's essential viewing for any film fan.The DVD offers a very nicely realized 5.1 digital soundtrack by combining the original stereo music tracks with the original foley tracks in a very effective mix. The benefit can be seen to it's best advantage in the cropduster scene. The plane flies around Roger Thornhill....AND me! The DVD also offers us the first issue of this film in it's proper aspect ratio. A former laserdisc &quot;widescreen&quot; release was formatted correctly in some scenes, and completely in errror with others. The color wasn't up to snuff, and only the opening credits were in stereo.Now these problems have been eliminated and we have a wonderful film watching experience in store. Buy it. Watch it many times.
6305728437|2.0|Disney has done it again: transforming a wonderful legend into a pointless and silly comedy. I thought this would be a strong feature but it's often ridiculous (The ancients spirits doing a party...). If you're interested in a film dealing with asian culture, choose Mononoke Hime.
B000002G6J|5.0|Years ago, A&amp;M records re-issued some of the old CTI recordings under their Audio Masters Plus series. When I heard that A&amp;M had re-issued the Jobim recordings &quot;Tide&quot; and &quot;Wave&quot;, I ran down to my nearest record store and bought a copy of each. And when the CD version of &quot;Wave&quot; was released a few years later, I bought a copy of that too.<br />Call me obsessive-compulsive if you will but I just can't get enough of great music. And without a doubt, I must say Antonio Carlos Jobim's &quot;Tide&quot; and &quot;Wave&quot; albums are true masterpieces. <br />In listening to the vinyl and CD versions of &quot;Wave&quot;, there is little, if any, discernable difference in audio quality. The CD version is every bit as good as the vinyl version; either way, listening to this album is a real treat.<br />Side one is my favorite as all the tunes are smooth and soothing to the soul. The title track, &quot;The Red Blouse&quot; and &quot;Look to the Sky&quot; are among my favorites. Then again, side two has some real gems like &quot;Mojave&quot; and &quot;Lamento&quot;. <br />Anyone who loves jazz, easy listening, Bossa Nova or just good music, will enjoy this album. Get it while you can and while you're at it, pick up a copy of &quot;Tide&quot; too. You won't regret it!
B000005RS0|5.0|This is a truly great album, she's the queen of rock'n'roll.  Songs like, &quot;I Might Have Been Queen&quot;, &quot;What's Love Got To Do With It&quot;, &quot;Private Dancer&quot;, &amp; &quot;Better Be Good To Me&quot;, (my favorite song), they're all classics.  Everyone should have this album, it's worth the money.Please buy it, it's great...
0201634988|5.0|What you've heard is true: this is the most important book on programming of the last __ years (at least 10, for me maybe of all time).<br />I wanted to just put a few thoughts in that I didn't see in the other reviews:<br />1. I read an article one time where John Vlissides (one of the authors) was saying he spoke somewhere and asked how many people had read the book and almost everyone raised their hands, then he asked, who would like to come up and explain how to implement the Composite pattern and suddenly only a couple hands were raised. Though this book is a fount of great ideas, it really will be most useful to you if you become CONVERSATIONAL with EACH of the patterns. That's the whole idea from Alexander anyway so consider it a mandate from on high.<br />2. One easy way I've used to explain to people what patterns are about is that mere object oriented training leaves people with an idea of how to model things as objects, but so many times I've done reviews of programmers code and they got that far and then as soon as work needed to be done that required more than one class, one of two things happens: they start passing data all over the place (back to the structured world we go), or they start binding their objects into deadly embraces. This book teaches you how to have some 'tricks' in your bag for modeling just such situations. Now, that said, there is some work you will have to do to map it into the newer programming world we're living in, for instance distributed Java makes some services available (like EJBs/container services/messaging) that changes some of the implementation ideas considerably.<br />3. If you are using Java, you can start to learn patterns and their application to your chosen platform by looking at a vast wealth of work that's already been done. The JDK uses the Observer pattern for its event model. Some of the more advanced frameworks, like BEA's Theory Center, are loaded w/Design Patterns (Chain of Responsibility and Strategy). And many products (Together/J) use patterns in their APIs (Visitor).<br />Finally, whenever I'm interviewing programmers now I ask them if they know what patterns are, then if they get past that, if they can give me an example of a recent use of a pattern and how it worked. I had a guy a couple of weeks ago looking for 6 figures who told me he'd heard of the book but hadn't gotten around to opening it. Der, that's like a doctor saying 'I've heard milk might not be good for ulcers, but take it because I haven't had time to review the research yet.'<br />More writers need to put out CD editions that are this good, dang it!!many products (Together/J) use patterns in their APIs (Visitor).<br />Finally, whenever I'm interviewing programmers now I ask them if they know what patterns are, then if they get past that, if they can give me an example of a recent use of a pattern and how it worked. I had a guy a couple of weeks ago looking for 6 figures who told me he'd heard of the book but hadn't gotten around to opening it. Der, that's like a doctor saying 'I've heard milk might not be good for ulcers, but take it because I haven't had time to review the research yet.'<br />More writers need to put out CD editions that are this good, dang it!!
0780631684|5.0|Best in genre I've seen in a long time.  New/original story, new faces, new twists.  Can't lose with this one.
B00004W55E|5.0|WOW!!!!!!!!!! I need more stars to rate this CD.<br />Individuality, what a perfect title for this CD.  An idividual she is.  Who can you compare her to? (No one)<br />It is rare that I like an ENTIRE CD on the first listen.  Well folks, this is one of those CD's.  If you're a person who enjoys fresh, raw uncut talent, then look no further; Individuality is a must have.<br />Although every song on this CD is worth listening to, I have a few instant favorites.<br />Gaia (splendid duet with Jonathan Butler) I Gotta Go Reflections Of My Heart (Iridescent) I can Explain (POWERFULL)<br />I can't believe my local newspaper gave this CD a mediocre review.  Personally, I think they need to clean the wax from their ears.<br />PLEASE spread the words to all of your friends, tell them what a GEM this piece of work is.
B00004X01U|2.0|To describe Madonna in any setting as a &quot;creative entity&quot; is one of the most baffling statements one can make about the woman, her work, or her &quot;trend du jour&quot; approach to artistry. I have always loved Madonna's music when it came without pretense...when the woman knew what she was, who she was, and what her audience wanted. Good, solid, sexy music with hooks that drag you out onto a dancefloor by the lip. Lately, the woman has been trying to pass herself off as an &quot;artist&quot; with &quot;deep, deep thoughts&quot; and &quot;conviction&quot; and &quot;spiritual importance.&quot; Sorry. She has about as much spiritual depth and artistic credibility as a kiddie pool. But that's why her fans love her! She's shallow, and marginally talented, and opportunistic, and an expert at marketing herself and, well...WONDERFUL! This album is exactly as the last reviewer described it. Filled with synthetic feelings, thoughts, and cliched musical angles. The first single, 'Music' is HIDEOUS! It's like Madonna has lost her chops. WHY? WHY? WHY? She is starting to sound tired when she puts out an album completely void of irresistible songs. I was disappointed in a big way by this recording. I wish I could have given it more, but I also wish Madonna will stop trying to pass herself off as some kind of avante garde, suave, and sophisticated Anglophile, Francophila, Italiophile artiste. She ain't. She wasn't meant to be, and it's starting to come across as fake or just plain bimbo-ish. If I want genuine introspection and spirituality, I'll listen to Sinead O'Connor...whose 'Faith &amp; Courage' album, by the way, runs circles around Madonna's new one in terms of both genuine lyrics, style, hooks, and sexy dance music. Wake up, Madonna. You're not THAT old yet! Eagerly awaiting the NEXT Madonna release. PLEASE RECOVER YOUR SINCERITY!
B000002J23|2.0|As much as I want to like this album--especially considering the number of &quot;Panther&quot; (as they like to call themselves) fanboys who pounce on sight at any criticism of it--I must count myself among those who are heavily disappointed in &quot;Drama&quot;.   I suppose it all depends on whether you think the singer is an adequate replacement for Jon Anderson; obviously, my answer is in the negative.  In fact, I find his nasal attempt to do an Anderson impersonation intensely irritating, unless he is buried in harmony vocals with Squire and Howe.  But on top of that, &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; is the only truly Yes-worthy cut here; its deft updating of the progressive Yes sound for the 80s sounds tight and energetic, and if the rest of the album had followed suit, I might give it a higher rating in spite of the vocals.  However, most of the rest, like &quot;Does It Really Happen&quot; and &quot;Run Through The Light&quot;, begin to sound increasingly (and distressingly) like the white-boy AOR-ish arena pop/rock that would come to dominate the 90125 group, only with Howe being a better guitarist than Rabin.  The other major 'epic', &quot;Into The Lens&quot;, is unfortunately rendered laughable every time I hear the phrase &quot;I am a camera&quot; delivered in Downes' best super-serious style--it's just plain silly.  I am certainly not against the group trying to stylize and harden their sound for this album, I just don't like the way it was done.  I would recommend &quot;Drama&quot; for &quot;Machine Messiah&quot;, but that one track alone does not redeem the album overall.
6305892946|1.0|Since the Halloween and Jason series of sequals, there's a long tradition of progressive decline in quality between the first movie and the ones that follow it. Alas, Scream3 can't escape the tradition it attempts to spoof. The first movie was pretty witty, enjoyable in the way it self-consciously sent up the horrow shows of the last 20 years. The 2nd Scream was OK. Unfortunately, the 3rd one keeps all the self-consciousness with little of the wit. Oh, there's an occasional sharp line, but I guarantee you won't remember any of them by the time you return the video to the rental store.<br />Do yourself a favor. Do the laundry, clean the oven, reconcile your checkbook. They're all more fun (and scarier) than Scream3.
B00004WKII|5.0|It's a horrible burden being the fan of a dead artist, so the release of new material is always a great thing. I was a little afraid Experience Hendrix would throw together a bunch of cheap snippets and make Hendrix freaks like me shell out money for it, so I was very pleasently surprised by what i found.  There is a great outtake on &quot;Bold As Love,&quot; one of my favorite Hendrix songs, as well as so many ingeniously reworked versions of his standards. The real stars are the new songs. &quot;It's Too Bad&quot; is a wonderful brooding blues treasure that really captures Jimi at his best. Throughout the set though, the image of Jimi is always present in the background. Whether you here him joking around or yelling at the band, he is there. It brings a smile to my lips to hear him and listen to him grow as a player through the set. That's what Jimi's family wanted and I think they were right on the mark.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Hi!   This new album by Britney is really good! I couldn't stop listening to it! Some of the tracks are slow some are fast, but most of them are really catchy and you'll know the words to the songs really quickly!    I think this new album is better than Britney's last one, and I hope all of you buy it so you can all get addicted to her CD/Tape!
B000002BBY|3.0|&quot;What's The Story Morning Glory&quot; would like to be known as the &quot;Revolver&quot; of the 90s, but &quot;Revolver&quot; it is not; for one thing, the group would have to show at least some small *shred* of originality or innovation to merit that label--simply ripping off licks and tunes (all in the name of 'tribute', of course) isn't going to do it.  When I first heard the album I thought the songs themselves were all good enough Beatles/Kinks/T.Rex knock-offs, better than some others I could think of, but the simple fact of the matter is that Liam does NOT have the voice of a John Lennon, Paul McCartney or even George Harrison--his excessive whine would be less intensely offputting if he didn't in fact claim that he is as good as his heroes.  The real talent in the band is Noel, who is even a better vocalist--his vocal on &quot;Don't Look Back In Anger&quot; makes it easily the best track on the album, even above the much praised &quot;Wonderwall&quot;.  But what finally convinced me that Oasis were an overrated, overhyped Next Big Thing was hearing Blur's &quot;Parklife&quot;, an infinitely more varied, authentic, original, tasteful and with a better vocalist  effort at resurrecting Britpop than anything the brothers Gallagher could come up with.  Interestingly, Oasis made it big in the States just once with &quot;Morning Glory&quot; while Blur have remained a cult act--almost proof positive of who is the better act.
0553106635|4.0|I was thoroughly impressed with G.R.R. Martin's first two books in the series and had to get this one through Amazon.co.uk before it came out in the U.S.  Martin certainly pulls out all of the stops with his third book, with heroism of the first order, dastardly treachery, and the demise of some major characters that we have grown to care about in his previous books (not completely unexpected, as he seems to revel in the sudden turns of fortune for &quot;the good guys&quot;).  I have two reasons for not giving it full marks.  The first is that the individual plots for each character, and the scheming plans that underlie their motivations have become so complex that it makes it difficult to jump in after more than a year's absence.  I'd hope to see at least a brief summary of what has gone before in his later books so we can help keep things straight.  <br />My second reason is that although I enjoy my sword and sorcery stories with a healthy dose of reality, the politics, backstabbing (quite literally!) and the gut-wrenching deaths of major characters certainly does take its toll.  Readers should be warned that this book is much darker that his previous two novels, and by the end, he leaves few characters that we can wholeheartedly root for.<br />Regardless of my reservations, I am still very impressed by Martin's storytelling and his ability to transport you to a real world full of magic, mystery, and danger.  I will be eagerly awaiting his next book.  I hope that publishers will take note of the &quot;Harry Potter&quot; release timing and get the book out on the same day on both continents...
B00000I0XW|5.0|Anything with &quot;Phantom&quot; music is great. This cd shows Sarah's multi-talented career back in the 80's. All the material on the disc are original versions of her songs.<br />Every one of the 16 tracks are unique. The moods change from playful broadway to sad and gloomy. Sarah sounds so different, you just have to like her. The tracks from &quot;Cats&quot; are two very original tracks. &quot;Gus the theatre cat&quot; is solemn. &quot;Macavity&quot; is broadway. &quot;Love changes everything&quot; is the only track on this compilation that actually made it to a Brightman album. You'll find it on the import album &quot;As I came of age&quot;. It's sung in her whiny, little girl voice.<br />The &quot;Phantom&quot; tracks are great, especially &quot;The phantom of the opera&quot;, used as the opening. There are 4 tracks from the said musical.<br />When I purchased &quot;The A.L.W.collection&quot;, &quot;Time to say goodbye&quot; was already out. Although I thought I wasted my money, I took it home anyhow, expecting the worst. Considering there were many tracks I previously did not know, I had made a great choice. The compilation is definitely a best seller, not to mention a great addition to anyone's collection.<br />My Sarah collection started with &quot;Dive&quot; back in 93. I wasn't sure what she'd come out with next, if anything at all. Even though she played the leading role as Christine in &quot;The phantom...&quot; I never was able to believe that she was the same person as in 93. I've bought every disc from then on. Go out &amp; buy the disc, or buy it on the net. You won't regret it.
B000001F26|2.0|I don't know about you all, but i'm a bit baffled as to why whoever Clapton's old record lable have kept this on the market - after releasing 'The Cream of Clapton'.  All but one of these songs is included on the latter, plus several of his Cream tracks.<br />Sure the songs are okay - the radio friendly ones - it's just the stupidity of the compliationo.  <br />I don't know about you all, but it seems just a bit dodgy the way you can still buy 'Timepieces', 'Backtrackin', 'The cReam of Claption' and 'Crossroads.  He has almost as many compilations as studio albums!  <br />Buy 'The cream of Clapton' instead.
B00000K19E|2.0|This movie bites off a bit more than it can chew. It wants to pose the question: what is really real? It also wants to make us think about the meaning of our lives--a point overlooked by almost all reviewers.--Are we just cogs in a tremendous impersonal machine that is the world? Are we no more than fuel that sustains civilization? What is this civilization? And who is it for? Of course, these are all good questions. Too bad the characters in this movie are flat and the acting is mediocre. I felt no sympathy for any characters in this contrived and predictable film. And I felt relieved when it was all over.
B00004RFCM|5.0|If you love the show, this set is for you.  If you have never seen it now is your chance.  All the fun and witty banter of the first season.  I hope HBO continues to release the second and third season (when it winds up).  It was so much fun revisiting episodes I had forgotten.  Also very sleek packaging, very well done menu.  I enjoyed everything about this DVD!
6304907648|4.0|what an enjoyable film this was.without the pretensions of seven and silence of the lambs a straightforward serial killer thriller played to the hilt ,very exciting particularly the finale and quite upsetting,lets be honest the killer is very real  in this film,great performances(weaver denied any  fanfare again)great direction and music and it leads to a generally great film another overlooked gem as far as im concerned 4 out of 5
B00001U03Q|3.0|Doesn't this man do anything but put out compilations anymore?  Claptons time with Warner has not been fruitful.  Sure, he put out Money and Cigarettes, Behind the Sun and August in about 4 years, but how many of those were really good?  <br />Since then, he's put out two, count them TWO albums of 'fresh' material.  Fair enough, he putout 'From the cradle', his cool hardcore blues CD.  He also put out '21 nights', the likeable 'Unplugged', 'The Cream of Clapton'(compilation), 'The Cream of Eric Clapton' (video), 'Blues'(compilation), 'Crossroads' (compilation).  Am I forgetting any?<br />Into all this we get 'chronicles'! He's got nothing to draw from.  There's the slick and boring albums with Phil Collins, the generally dull 'Journeyman' and the definitely sull 'Pilgrim'.  He hasn't left the Warner brothers compilation building marketers very much to play with...not really.<br />If you just want a taste of Clapton's later work without having to buy these duds, I guess its a fair option.  Otherwise, buy some of his good work.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney Spears is the best, she is the next Madonna. Ok, I know that Britney hasn't the best voice (Madonna hasn't) but they have the soul that Christina and other singers haven't. This album is great, it has a lot of possible hits!
B00001NFCY|4.0|Did somebody say - everything you loved about Pearl Jam, without all the stuff you hated.  I cant turn my stereo up high enough at times.  This CD never leaves the CD player in my car!  What a great disk - I am so glad I bought it!!!  4 1/2 stars form me!!!
B00000I8BX|5.0|I also noticed that this album has a lot of harsh, insulting reviews, but I think this album rules!!! Even though I like soul of a new machine and demanufacture more than this album, this album has a groovy, atmospheric feeling to it...a bit commercialized too(Even though some people might not agree with that). For the people who gave harsh review to this album...I believe it's people who liked FF's previous efforts, but was disappointed with obsolete; mainly because they turned weak... In the other hand, there are some reviewers that weren't supposed to review this album(Korn, Limp bizkit, kid rock etc fans who gave bad reviews to this album). Anyways, in my opinion, this album is great, and the songs I recommend are shock, edgecrusher, descent, hi-tech hate, freedom or fire, resurrection, 0-0(well evil dwells), soulwound. Hi-tech hate, freedom or fire, securitron are traditional FF style songs...descent, ressurection, timelessness are not the kind of songs you would espect from FF...Shock, edgecrusher are great songs that are not done by the trademark style FF does, and smasher/devourer, obsolete are cool heavy songs...but might take some time to grow on you...Anyways, I really recommend people to buy this album if you're a metal fan
0451191153|5.0|Hi all,   I am a Junior in High School &amp; i pickd up this book b/c my sister recommended it. Although lengthy, this book was probably the best i have ever read. It really makes you think about society &amp; philospy. Defintly worth a re-read!
B00000AOUD|5.0|I don't have the words to describe this CD. It's impossible you need listen it. I've listen for 20 years and I enjoy more and more each year.
B00004XPQL|5.0|The two men who wrote this film used to write for &quot;the x files&quot;,so being the ultimate nerd/obsessed fan of the show, I had to see it. I must say I was very impressed and quite scared. If you enjoy the tv show, you will love the film! :)
0767827015|1.0|&quot;Boys N the Hood&quot; Staring  Cuba Gooding Jr (Jerry Maguire) and Ice Cube (Friday,Next Friday) star in this flim about  freinds growing up in South Centeral  L.A. .With you tipical layout of gangbang flims. They have hard times growing up  to be &quot;men&quot; and have even  harder times as men ,they  all but one dies at the end.Ok acting by all but overall poor writing in this flim sinks it.Just another 2 hours of life we will never get back ofter watching this poor movie.                    In The End &quot;Men Not Found In BoyZ&quot;.        Rated:R    NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER 18.
B00004TL21|5.0|Buying CD's on a whim has gotten me in trouble sooooooo many times, so I was had my doubts about this CD. But after repeated listening, its well worth every penny(nickel, dime, etc.).<br />From beging to end, the one word kept constantly playing in the back of my head; &quot;different&quot;. Its been awhile since I've heard an album that can be dubbed experemental and not [be a big let-down]. The album itself is well-made and well produced(from Terry Date!  What the hell is this? That's gotta be a mistake!). The songs sounds very so much its so very hard to describe. Heavy on some(Street Carp, Knife Party, Change) to soft and mellow(Digital Bath, Teenager). And all this being accompenied by the smooth sounds of Chino Mereno(deffentatly one of rock's better vocalists). Add some great guitar, bass, and drums and you got yourself a contender for <br />But if there is one thing on this album that makes it worth its weight gold is Passenger. The Duet between two of rock's best vocalists is just too amazing for words. The voices follow so nicely together without every becoming jagged or ridged in changes. So smooth. So clean. So friggin' GOOD!<br />This being my first Deftones album, I must say it has me interested. If any of the previous albums are as good as this one, then I might have a contender for best metal band(Tool being my fav. right now). So for now, I'll just marvel at this CD as it enjoys another spin in my Disc changer.<br />P.S. What the hell is up with the genre listing for the band? They are NOT Rap/Metal!
0671034065|5.0|After reading some of the reviews, I have decided that you are either a Linda Howard fan--100% or you aren't.  There doesn't seem to be many people in the middle.  Having read nearly all of her works, I can say that this is nearly the best, next to &quot;McKenzie's Mountain&quot;.  Of course, &quot;After the Night&quot; and &quot;Dream Man&quot; are right up there with the best.  However, the two characters in &quot;Mr. Perfect&quot; are &quot;perfect&quot; plays off each other.  Their conversations are witty and flirty.  I imagine many people would like to have those quick comebacks.  The signs on the elevators would lighten my day.  I think Ms. Howard gets better with time and look forward to her next &quot;masterpiece.&quot;  Until then I will re-read Mr. Perfect and all of the others I mentioned.
B00003CX8J|5.0|this is a movie thats been in the making for a long time,and was worth the wait. the basic plot line is keeped intact and the special effects is way above par. but the big surprise was the acting, no over the top blow hards. magneto was actually convincing and thank god no spandix. good story,good acting,good special effects.wait till you see wolverine in action. buy it, you will like it, alot.
0446608955|4.0|In the novel A Walk to Remember written by Nicholas Sparks,Sparks makes the reader both smile and cry. In 1958 in Beaufort,South Carolina Landon Carter a seventeen year old senior in highschool enjoys hanging out with his football buddies and taunting others. Landon's father is a congressman , that insists because of his son's poor grades that he needs to do something extra to get into college. Landon decides to run for class president and wins. Now that he has won the election he has responsibilities, which is to attend the school dance. The only problem is that he doesn't have a girlfriend to go with.   Landon decides to ask Jaime Sullivan, the minister's daughter, because she is someone that would defenitley accept, is a part of the geek group, and probably hasn't been asked yet. They both have a good time at the dance but Landon doesnt think much about her untill they both play leading roles for the school Christmas play. Her father wrote the play afet her mothered died. The whole school is excited about Jaime starring as the angel, and Landon playing the male lead role. Ater spending so much time practicing the play with Jaime he finds himself falling in love with her and seeing her true beauty inside of her. Jaime does have a secret that will brake Landon's heart, if she ever let's it out. Jaime says to Landon,&quot;You can't fall in love with me&quot;. With the ending of this story it is sure to bring a smile and tear across your face for the holiday season.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I think this film is very good, because in relationships between man and women exists many times insecurity, jelousy, and sometimes our marriage, or any kind of relationship is destroy by fantasies.   The message from my point of view of this film is to learn that there  are realities that look as fantasies because they are incredible, and they are fantasies (THAT THEY DONT EVEN EXIST) that we look at them as REALITIES.  But they are realities only in our MIND.  Sometimes when we are disturb we start to confuse reality with fantasy with our OWN IMAGINATION.
0446608955|4.0|In the novel A Walk to Remember written by Nicholas Sparks,Sparks makes the reader both smile and cry. In 1958 in Beaufort,South Carolina Landon Carter a seventeen year old senior in highschool enjoys hanging out with his football buddies and taunting others. Landon's father is a congressman , that insists because of his son's poor grades that he needs to do something extra to get into college. Landon decides to run for class president and wins. Now that he has won the election he has responsibilities, which is to attend the school dance. The only problem is that he doesn't have a girlfriend to go with.   Landon decides to ask Jaime Sullivan, the minister's daughter, because she is someone that would defenitley accept, is a part of the geek group, and probably hasn't been asked yet. They both have a good time at the dance but Landon doesnt think much about her untill they both play leading roles for the school Christmas play. Her father wrote the play afet her mothered died. The whole school is excited about Jaime starring as the angel, and Landon playing the male lead role. Ater spending so much time practicing the play with Jaime he finds himself falling in love with her and seeing her true beauty inside of her. Jaime does have a secret that will brake Landon's heart, if she ever let's it out. Jaime says to Landon,&quot;You can't fall in love with me&quot;. With the ending of this story it is sure to bring a smile and tear across your face for the holiday season.
6304298285|5.0|This is an awsome movie! it's one of my top favorites! It's about a boy who as he grows up, he grows up, and I mean grows up! like he ages, lets say when he was 12 he would look like hes 30, and when he graduated he looked like he was 80. It's a very good movie, and Mario Yedidia is in it, and hes hott!
0780626494|5.0|While *Blast From the Past* is silly in the extreme, Christopher Walken, Sissy Spacek, and Brendan Fraser turn in wonderful performances in this light-hearted, family-oriented comedy. Fraser delightfully and convincingly portrays Adam's innocence and sense of wonder although it is really Christopher Walken and Sissy Spacek who make the movie as Adam's old-fashioned and loving parents.  In addition, the movie is also filled with wonderful and quirky bit characters whom full credit should be given to for many of the movies most amusing moments.  Alicia Silverstone turns in a decent performance and is not miscast so much as she is misdirected and under-written.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Apparently, Slipknot managed to make good sales thanks to the amount of advertising and merchandise they've been doing.  Overall, this CD is not what I'd expect a good hardcore heavy metal band to be.  Slipknot does have a few good songs here and there or in one part of a song but it's just not good enough guys.  Although a good start for the band, if they keep up the way they started, then problems will begin to occur.  Slipknot is only recommended for you if you're the kind of person to enjoy moshing.  Otherwise, avoid purchasing this CD completely. You'll be disappointed as I was.
1559409010|5.0|...and blessed are the Pythons, the crackerjack British comedy troupe creating one of the most funniest movies I have seen in a long time.<br />The Life of Brian has long been one of my most favorite comedies, and no matter how many times I watch it, I cannot help but break out into raucous laughter at the insanity of this film. Truly blasphemous, truly hilarous, John Cleese and his troupe of merry men leave no stone unturned poking fun at anything and everything religious. From brainless mobs finding shoes as signs from God, to a lisping Roman emperor, to the classic cruxifiction song, this movie is not for the religious light-hearted.<br />Even better, this Criterion Collection version has so many extras, the true fan will be preoccupied for many hours enjoying it all. Especially wonderful were the deleted scenes and the running commentary by members of the troupe. Also, I appreciated the subtitles. For once I was able to get more of the jokes due to the British accents hard to understand with this untrained ear. If all DVD's were this rich, I'd be a happy camper. You are getting your money's worth for the price!<br />Rent or buy &quot;Life of Brian - Criterion Collection&quot; immediately!!
0553213105|4.0|This Book is just the kind of book that I like.  It has great characters, a suspensful yet charming plot, and wonderful writing.  Unlike many books, this one ended just how you want it to and you are not dissapointed.  Defenitley a favorite.
B000001FI7|5.0|Portishead &quot;Dummy&quot; is one of the finest works of the 90's, with every song moving unnervingly sensual. Best played medium loud, late at night, first thing in the morning, and with the bass on the highest setting.
B000001GQP|5.0|This recording is far and away the best performance of Carmina Burana.  The mood and feeling of each poem are incredible in their power.  Both takes of &quot;O Fortuna&quot; are more threatening and potent than any other I have ever heard.  &quot;Fortune plango vulnera&quot; ties with the second version of &quot;O Fortuna&quot; as my favorite song and &quot;In taberna quando sumus&quot; is a close third.  are  Jochum has truly recorded THE definitive Carmina Burana.  <br />There are some very minor downsides to the recording. Occasionaly, a page turn can be heard, but I believe this only adds to the vitality of the perfomance.  My one real quibble is Janowitz.  The Amazon editorial review is largely correct - in Dulcissime, she sounds rather strained.  It doesn't bother me as it does some people, possibly because I'm not a singer.  However, Dulcissime a :34 song, and given the true brilliance of this recording, it can be easily overlooked.  <br />Some VERY minor quibbles I have with the recording: - first, there seems to be some controversy over the spelling of the town and monestary from where the Latin text is supposed to have originated.  Most liner notes translate &quot;Carmina Burana&quot; as &quot;Songs from Benediktbeuren&quot;, including this version.  However, some people hold that &quot;Burana&quot; refers to Benediktbeurn rather than -beuren, which is a more common German ending.  A small difference, to be sure.  Also, there are some errors in the Latin text (the full original text in Latin and sometimes German is provided, with running English translations).  The earlies example is in &quot;Fortune plango vulnera&quot;, in the third stanza, where the Latin reads &quot;nam sub axe legimus/Hecubam reginam.&quot;  The provided translation is &quot;for under the axis is written/Queen Hecuba.&quot;  Problem: legimus means &quot;we write&quot;, not &quot;it is written.&quot;  That would be legitur.  Also, in various places throughtout the text, what would be &quot;mihi&quot; in Classical Latin becomes &quot;michi&quot; in this text.  I'm not a Medievalist, and I don't know if this is an alternate form or just an error.  Certainly, these are insignificant issues.  I only mention them because they exist - they of course do not harm the listening experience in any way.<br />This recording was performed in 1968.  When I first listened to the recording, I didn't know that and I thought it was a more recent recording.  The sound quality is beautiful.  It has depth and vigor and power that is truly amaziing.  <br />Please, don't be discouraged by any of the very minor trifles I have mentioned above.  If you are looking for a recording, buy this one.  Any other would be a waste of your money when this truly incredible recording is available.
B00004X01U|3.0|I must admit, the first time I listened to &quot;Music&quot;, I was a little disappointed. Being a long-time fan of Miss M, I expected her to break more ground with a completely different sound than her previous &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. Although &quot;Music&quot; is a little different, not much new ground has been broken here. She has further explored  more of the &quot;electronic&quot; sound with this lp, probably a little too heavily. I have discovered, though, that with each listen the album grows on you more. You find yourself humming these songs in your head long after the CD player has been turned off, and I suspect that is the idea with any pop album. The few stand-out tracks are &quot;Amazing&quot;, probably the best track- which could have easily been on any upcoming &quot;Austin Powers&quot; Soundtrack for it's addictive late 60's-early 70's sound. The lovely &quot;What It Feels Like For a Girl&quot; sounds extremely heart-felt and deserves release as a single. If you're looking for &quot;Music&quot; to dance to, the best bets are the title track and &quot;Runaway Lover.&quot;<br />Overall, the album is worth purchasing, especially if you are an avid fan that must have everything She does,as I am. But if you want Her best efforts, try listening to the &quot;Evita&quot; soundtrack, &quot;Erotica&quot;, which was highly criticized but, to me, was one of her best efforts or the staple of any Miss M collection- the self-titled first album.
6303942830|5.0|I recently saw this movie with my best friend.  She had seen it many times before, and it was one of her favorites.  I had no idea what it was about, but I had heard of it.  I thought it was one of the saddest films I had seen in a long, long time.  The love shared by Hawkeye and Cora was expressive enough not to need words.  The musical score was EXCELLENT, and I would like to get my hands on the CD version of it.  The ending was powerful and moving.  My friend and I were both wet-eyed by the time the movie was over.  Though the battle scenes were pretty graphic, I would recommend this to anyone who loves drama and bravery.
B00000JMQC|5.0|I have loved this movie ever since the first time I saw it which was when I was 8 years old. It wasn't as scary for me at that age although people say it is. I am so glad that they re-released it. I have gone to every video store to try to find it and couldn't. The only part in the movie that kind of scared me a bit was the Wheelers but now that I think of it, they are cool.I can't wait to see this movie again.
B00004WKII|5.0|First: The &quot;Red House&quot; on Disc 3, from the long out-of-print *In the West*, is worth the the price of the entire box.  This is one of the great electric blues recordings of all time. Ditto the lyrical &quot;Little Wing&quot; that precedes it.<br />Second: The set is lovingly and beautifully mixed and mastered.  The alternate studio takes are a revelation.  There isn't a cut on all four discs that isn't essential to anyone who has ears to hear.<br />Hendrix was the greatest visionary musician of the 20th century.  If you don't know that, if you suspect it but aren't quite sure, if you think &quot;maybe yes, but what about Miles, Coltrane, Armstrong&quot; etc., I say, get this set; go directly to disc 3, track 7, and think again.  Which is not a cut to Louis Armstrong or anyone else in his class.  They definitely made Hendrix possible.  Maybe you won't agree with me in placing Hendrix a notch above, but in any event, he's in their company.<br />If you already know this, then KNOW THIS:  there is much here that you've never heard, and that you NEED to hear.  What a great thing that Hendrix didn't know how to write  or read music; that he used the recording studio as his laboratory.  This set contains much of that experimentation/improvisation.  Along with the excellently recorded &quot;live&quot; cuts, the results are nothing short of IN-SIGHT (in the Longergan-ian sense)into one of the great musical geniuses of all time.  Yes.  Of all time.<br />This album spans Hendrix's entire solo career.  On disc 1, you can hear why, Londoners, and later, New Yorkers at Club Wha, FREAKED OUT when they heard him play.  It's still fresh and full of remarkable guitar playing.  In addition to alternate takes from *Are You Experienced?* and *Axis Bold as Love*, you get his great Monterey Pop recordings of Dylan's &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot; and lots of other juicy live stuff from Jimi's freakily manic early American concerts.<br />Disc 2 shows Hendrix getting more and more confident and centered in his vision.  Plus, this is where he starts to use all his technical chops, not just as a guitarist (the best there ever was) but also as a studio technician.  Eddie Kramer deserves loving credit here too.  I don't know of any other more fruitful collaboration in the history of recorded music, with th possible exception of the Solti/Culshaw &quot;Golden&quot; Ring (Wagner: Der Ring des Niebelungen&quot; on Decca/London)of the late 50's - early 60's.<br />Disc 3, with much of the previously released material from *In the West* has excellent versions of &quot;Voodoo Chile (Slight Return),&quot; &quot;Stone Free,&quot; and &quot;Purple Haze.&quot;<br />Disc 4 has a lot of excellent alternate versions to songs that were made perfect in the miraculous live album &quot;Band of Gypsies&quot; and provide a glimpse into what might have been &quot;Country Blues&quot; and &quot;Message to Love&quot; are particularly fine.<br />The digital remastering is excellent.  The sounds are beautifully mixed, showing that the Jimi Hendrix &quot;experience&quot; was the result of one man's vision supported by the indispensible collaboration of Mitch Mitchell, Noel Redding, Billy Cox, Buddy Miles, the aforementioned Kramer, and Chas Chandler, among a host of others.<br />Shell out the cash for this set.  You won't be disappointed.nd more confident and centered in his vision.  Plus, this is where he starts to use all his technical chops, not just as a guitarist (the best there ever was) but also as a studio technician.  Eddie Kramer deserves loving credit here too.  I don't know of any other more fruitful collaboration in the history of recorded music, with th possible exception of the Solti/Culshaw &quot;Golden&quot; Ring (Wagner: Der Ring des Niebelungen&quot; on Decca/London)of the late 50's - early 60's.  <br />Disc 3, with much of the previously released material from *In the West* has excellent versions of &quot;Voodoo Chile (Slight Return),&quot; &quot;Stone Free,&quot; and &quot;Purple Haze.&quot;  <br />Disc 4 has a lot of excellent alternate versions to songs that were made perfect in the miraculous live album &quot;Band of Gypsies&quot; and provide a glimpse into what might have been &quot;Country Blues&quot; and &quot;Message to Love&quot; are particularly fine.  <br />The digital remastering is excellent.  The sounds are beautifully mixed, showing that the Jimi Hendrix &quot;experience&quot; was the result of one man's vision supported by the indispensible collaboration of Mitch Mitchell, Noel Redding, Billy Cox, Buddy Miles, the aforementioned Kramer, and Chas Chandler, among a host of others.<br />Shell out the cash for this set.  You won't be disappointed.
0782008372|5.0|This film still holds up today.  Ground breaking in every way back in the eighties, spawning sequels sequels sequels this movie still holds onto its greatness.<br />The DVD is good, but not great.  no flashy menues and you have to use the step function to get through the slide show of production notes and pics or it flies past in ten seconds.  The commentary is very slick, though i think one with Christopher Lambert or Greg Widen would've been nice too.<br />The audio and video just isnt as bad as everyone claims.  The audio is overly quiet sometimes, and the picture is somewhat grainy, but it just looks good.  Plus, the thing is like seven bucks!  nab it!
014028009X|5.0|Simply hilarious! What 30-something Singleton hasn't gone through what Bridget goes through?<br />A delightful, energetic and captivating book. It's a short read - I finished it on the plane on a roundtrip from New York to Texas and back.
B000002C2E|3.0|I'm the biggest dylan fan, although he HAS come out with some sorry albums to say the least. When &quot;Time oOut Of Mind&quot; was realeased it won a Grammy and the word was it was his best albums. This isn't true. His best albums would put this album to shame. Don't get me wrong, this is a damn good album and it could have been better if some of the filler songs were removed. &quot;Highlands&quot;  for one is like around 14 or 15 minutes and it may very well qualify as the worst song on the entire 73 minute album. It's slow and boreing and that's all there is to it. That's just an example, there are others.  Some songs are awsome though. For instance, &quot;To make you feel my love,&quot; is a faverate. Another is the bitter &quot;Love Sick.&quot; You have to keep in mind as well that he's an old man now so he is becomeing aware of his mortality. &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; shares his feelings, its terrific-highly personal. His voice is now even more scratchy and lower but usually it favors his bluesy songs.  Not his best by all means, and as far as the comparasons to &quot;Blood On The Track&quot; I don't see any. Good for those who already have his essential.
6300268993|5.0|The reason they can't use the directors cut of Superman II,is because they then had to pay Marlon Brando Millions Millions of dollars.<br />Anyway this movie is also great without the directors cut,and gives new life too the superman movies.
6305426694|5.0|A taut probing look at lawyers, the law, judges, corporate giants vs the people, its victims.  This film depicts sharp crafty hot-shot lawyers interested only in pursuing personal injury suits guaranteed to win huge settlements-  finally immersing themselves in a case that may be beyond their ability to win, crushing their confidence and dismantling their ranks and their finances.  The case is worthy, the victims deserving of justice, and the battle collossal. John Travolta as the top obsessed lawyer is excellent, and Robert Duvall as a wise, old opponent is superb.  A magnificient cast rounds out this drama concerning the illness of adults, deaths of innocent children, and animals because of contaminated drinking water and industrial pollution.  Unfolding the massive cover-up and getting this case into the courtroom to be heard is almost impossible, but our hero plods on.  Gripping, intense, yet uplifting and redeeming in its concept of the often frustrating saga  of &quot; trying to do the right thing.&quot;  I liked the film.  Yes it deviated from the book, but films often take a creative twist.  It begins on a  &quot;Jerry Maguire-SHOW ME THE MONEY!!!!!!&quot; tone, but expands into &quot;A Philadelphia Story&quot; of sorts.
6303212263|5.0|this is to the guy named &quot;TROKI&quot;.Why should anyone wanna wait for the DVD edition of Superman The movie when we can enjoy it right now.I mean if the qualety of a film makes the film better then maybe....but it dosen't ok.<br />So to all you people out there now, buy Superman the movie today AND ENJOY IT!
0684833395|5.0|There are only a handful of books that go beyond literature, cross that fine line into the realms of real life and then challenge what we believe to be right.  The Catcher in the Rye and perhaps One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest are perhaps two.<br />For centuries brothers have murdered brothers in the pursuit of peace, and although we always 'try' to believe in the powers pulling the strings we never stand up and ask why?.  Jospeh Heller used Yossarian to ask why, and he uses a wit to make the point so incredibly poignant.  <br />If passers by catch you reading Catch 22 many pass a knowing gaze and quite possibly feel a tingle down their spine.  Whilst at an Airport in Texas a gentleman spotted the book and made a comment that was positively chilling:  &quot;I read this book and laughed in college, and then read it a second time in Vietnam.  The second time it was not as funny, the second time it was true.&quot;<br />Before reading Catch 22 I read an interview with Joseph Heller, he was asked why he had never written another book as great as Catch 22, his reply was simple: &quot;Nobody Has&quot;.  When you reach the end you have to agree.
B00004T9UF|2.0|Unbelieveable. The Slim Shady Lp is probably the best CD I have right next to Three Dollar Bill Y'all, Limp Bizkit's first CD. But they both sold out terribly. I mean, just a look at the cover and you can tell he's gone lame. First off, he has a very sore throat on EVERY SINGLE SONG. Not good. Second, he cusses far too much. The song Marshall Mathers is totally unacceptable and now it makes me sick whenever I try to listen to this song. Third, the tunes of the songs are half baked. The song Kill You if half silence in the background and entirely silence in half the refrain. It's so stupid. Fourth, Eminem seems to have changed his funny style of music to a more serious and boring style. All of his lyrics are about hating boy bands, hating being famous, and how he doesn't care. His older CD had funny lyrics, some pointless, but the only really serious songs were If I Had and Rock Bottom. I didn't like If I Had, but at least Rock Bottom was conceived well and turned out good. The serious songs on here are....every song. It's lame. And last, his songs seem to keep getting stupider. The song Amityville has got to be the stupidest song I have ever heard in my life. I can't believe he made it. It's kind of like when Steve Berman says in the skit &quot;Change the record or it's not coming out.&quot; I agree with you all the way.
6304675348|3.0|Even though this movie provided a creative take on horror flicks, it wasn't scary enough for me. The sequel was better.
0060920084|2.0|Bryson's account proves to me that education leaves a lot to be desired. Some quotes...&quot;the Sunday New York Times - and it's well worth every trembling leaf. So what if our grandchildren have no oxygen to breathe? F**ck 'em&quot;. &quot;The average Southerner has the speech patterns of someone slipping in and out of consciousness&quot;. &quot;I was alone with a small bag of pathetic treats in the most boring town in America&quot;.  I think the most boring part of the trip was Bryson himself.  Although his writing shows glimpses of real humor, and real wit, most of his attempted humor is at the expense of real people. People who wisely left this pompous fool alone.  I'm glad I picked up the hardcover version of this book at a garage sale for 50 cents. Then again, maybe I overpaid.
0780631684|1.0|The movie starts out well enough, but as it goes along it gets more contrived.  The plot is ok, but the acting and script were terrible.  Stifler from American Pie was completely miscast.  If you enjoy Teen Horror films, this wont disappoint, but if you want something as well written as Scream, which wasnt that well written anyway, you are looking at the wrong move.  The cheesy lines were awful, but it kept me laughing because of it.  Rent if you want to see it.
B000023VR6|1.0|People like &quot;Dr. Dre&quot; should have a federal law prohibiting them from even being considered for a record deal.
B00004SCBE|5.0|The soft section of Pictures of a City has a layering, careful pacing and texture to it, where Schizoid man is a very, very fantastic jam. \\"Pictures\\" shows a lot of growth in writing and arranging. \\"Cadence and Cascade\\" may at first sound like \\"I Talk to the Wind,\\" but the clean acoustic guitar and flute is acompletely different production approach then using the fuzzy, soft fender rhodes was on \\"wind\\" As for side two, Cat Food is one of two truly great pieces of fusion.
B00004X01U|5.0|I think Madonna is really hot for a 42 year old! She looks pretty darn good in the cowboy getup too! Her music is nuts!! Even my roomates who are like Christian music and Country lovers can't help but get a little funky when I play the album! I can't wait to Hit the Roxy in NYC when she performs there! I love to club and she's got it going on with her new music. It's going to be packed in the city, but it's a hellof worth it!! Every track has it's own story and I wanna make a dance for each one! Hook me up with this chica! Can't wait to get to the city and listen....to the RAMBA, RAMBA, RAMBA !!!!<br />QUE EXCELENTE!<br />ES RIQUISIMO!!!
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Regardless of the well known fact that Americans are always lucky in whatever they do (e.g. not one single torpedo dud in the whole film), we are again shown why the Germans lost the war. There are way too many scenes in which lucky fortune counts for the film heroes and again the always incapable Germans. The atmosphere in &quot;Das Boot&quot; (1981) is much more intense. My vote is 1 out of 5.
0684853523|5.0|King is the unequivocal master in the of storytelling and writing. 'On Writing' is part biography, part handbook for aspiring writers. It explores the pains and heartaches often endured to perfect one's art, and the healing quality of the writing process. Take it from a man who knows, and has a boundless passion and love for writing. 'On Writing' is a poignant look into the mind and life of one of the best loved, and most widely read, authors around today coupled with solid advice for any writer, published or not.
0783242816|5.0|This movie is cool. Must see movie.
0684853523|5.0|King is the unequivocal master in the of storytelling and writing. 'On Writing' is part biography, part handbook for aspiring writers. It explores the pains and heartaches often endured to perfect one's art, and the healing quality of the writing process. Take it from a man who knows, and has a boundless passion and love for writing. 'On Writing' is a poignant look into the mind and life of one of the best loved, and most widely read, authors around today coupled with solid advice for any writer, published or not.
B00004W55E|5.0|Well worth the wait, the first track explains it all. Buy it, sit back, drive, read or whatever you need to do, and I guarantee you will enjoy this CD. <br />Rachelle Ferrell is a very talented singer, songwriter and musician and much appreciated. I'm so happy she took her time and did it her way. Excellent work!!!
B00003Q438|1.0|After reviewing the encouraging reviews I decided to buy the movie and see it for the first time. To tell you the truth I was not impressed at all. This movie might have been something extra ordinary back in the 80s but if you see it now for the first time you'll be very much disappointed!
6301976983|5.0|What is interesting about my giving this movie a 5 star rating, is that it really is not one of my &quot;favourite&quot; movies, but there are so many things to love about the film that I couldn't give it any less.<br />Walter Huston as a crotchety but likeable old man, that wants to get rich, but wants a little help.  Tim Holt as a gloriously understated &quot;everyman&quot;, that you can't HELP but hope that HE ends up doing alright at the end.  HUMPHREY BOGART as a man who, because of his greed, gradually descends into insanity.  Barton MacLane as the rotton scoundrel who tries to cheat Bogie and Holt out of their money that he owes them.  Robert Blake as the cute little kid that sells the tickets.  John Huston, as the man who Bogie puts &quot;the bite&quot; on, more than once.  Bruce Bennett as a man who is fortune hunting, but for a good reason, to support his wife. Alfonso Bedoya as a cold-blooded bandito.  A well written story about a very understandable thing...greed.  We all have it to a certain point, but it is how we handle it that helps define us.  See what I mean?  There are many things to like about this movie.<br />Bogie most CERTAINLY deserved to WIN an Academy Award for his performance in this film.  Dobbs' descent into madness (as portrayed by Bogie) was so GRADUAL, that you barely even noticed it until he started talking to himself, but you were sure of it when he pointed his finger in Tim Holt's face and yelled &quot;I know you for what you are!&quot;<br />I think all THREE of the major stars of this movie, Humphrey Bogart, Tim Holt, and Walter Huston (he DID get one) should have gotten Oscars.  Bogie was great, Huston won the award, but without Holt to tie the whole thing together, it would not have been as poignant, I think.<br />WATCH IT!  You may not LOVE it, but you will definitely love many things about it.<br />Oh yes, let's not forget &quot;Badges?! We don't need no badges!  We don't have to show you no stinkin' badges!!!!&quot;, the famous line spoken by Bedoya.
B000001GXJ|5.0|Abbados Simon Boccanegra is the finest Recording I have herd, yet. For one thing thist one of Verdis best works, and we also got singers who follow the ruels of bel-canto. Abbado and Cappuccilli are men who know how to perform a Verdi opera, They are specilsti in there art. The rest of cast stands up pretty good and the sound is fine.
B00003CXDG|1.0|As a diehard fan of the original television show Mission: Impossible, I was appalled by what Tom Cruise and John Woo have done to this once-honorable franchise.  They took what was a subtle, creative, sophisticated package and turned it into a completely generic action movie.  Mission: Impossible was about outwitting the enemy--in this travesty of a movie, any enemy who gets in Cruise's way is simply killed--Pathetic and generic.  To top it all off, Cruise and Woo are obsessed with gunplay throughout the movie, something the producers and directors of the original television series INTENTIONALLY did not use.  They wanted their characters to THINK their way out of situations--Woo and Cruise just shoot everything until somthing works.  I had high hopes for the potential movie series after the first one came out, but I will NOT be seeing any others--I'll just go watch Face/Off again (A MUCH better John Woo movie....)
B00004Y6RO|5.0|im always gonna owe a lot to this band. ive been listening to them since their disc premiered last year, and they really helped me get rid of a lot of anger and other bitterness. they also opened me up to a lot of other great metal bands, something that gets cooler every day.<br />on the topic of the cd, this is one of the most brilliant cds to be released in recent years. the lyrics are filled with pain, and the only other bands whose songs come close to sounding so pained are soulfly and Korn. corey's vocal range is nothing short of amazing, switching from pained melody to tortured scream . the whole band is really good on their instruments, especially the three percussionists and the team of guitarists.  if u dig this bands style, try soulfly ( the new one has Corey doing guest vocals by the way) and slayer. anyways, buy this cd, its nothing short of astounding.
0800141431|5.0|Sydney Pollack has directed an excellent film -- the integration of story, acting, music and brilliant editing make this a timeless experience.  Barbra is superb - the opening scenes, with that haunting theme song, are so well put together.  Redford was a perfect choice for Hubble Gardner.  You can't miss with this film - it's a classic.
B00000DHRX|5.0|I have got the CD Ladies &amp; Gentlemen: The Best of George Michael and I love it. I am big George Michael fan. He is my favourite singer. This CD is wonderful. All songs on Ladies &amp; Gentlemen: The Best of George Michael are wonderful. A must buy.
B0000048YM|5.0|Definitely prophetic.  She (Babs) is the greatest performer of the 20th century.
B000002LFU|4.0|i bought green for pop song 89 they did it on mtv unplugged sometime back.it was a classic that inplugged they should release it the entire show. show i talk about the weather or write a review will the answer was never given my rem so here goes green is a wonderfyl mix of rock and pop. pop song 89 is a classic rock song. you are everything is a personal song about the world and us and the writer. stand is true and pure pop ,not even the beatles can get more pop into that song.the album is real personal,without the singular feel .turn u inside out rocks big time .in short i nice personal rock album for everyone who will each come with a different feel of it and differnt favorties. mean is pop song 89 and turn u inside out . just love it.stripe (rem)can ask the qestion to make u think while he rocks u.
0451450523|5.0|Hidden away in a lilac wood, the last unicorn cares little for the outside world.  After all, she is magic and she is immortal.  However, when she hears that she might be the only unicorn left in the world, she sets out on a journey to see if there are any of her kind left.  After being captured by a freak show she meets and joins forces with a bumbling magician, Schmendrick, and later, a middle aged maiden, Molly Grue.  Together these three embark on a quest that will take them into the dangerous realm of King Haggard.  It will be here that the last unicorn will have to face her nemesis, the Red Bull, in order to free the rest of her kind. <br />To a large extent, Peter Beagle's book is considered an interesting work of fantasy because it was one of the first post-modern science fiction novels.  The most salient feature of post-modern science fiction is a rebellion against the classical fantasy/science fiction novel that creates a world that is completely separate from our own.  In this traditional world the characters say and do things that are completely in line with the small universe that the author has created in his novel.  The author strives to draw the reader completely into the story.  Beagle rebels against this by creating a novel that constantly pulls the reader out of the novel, back in to the real world, only to slide back into the plot.  The Last Unicorn is a novel that is written in this post-modern style, of which many examples can be found. <br />Beagle does not immediately strike you with his departure from traditional fantasy.  The unicorn lives in a lilac wood all by herself, in what is seemingly a medieval world.  There are kings and wizards and peasants.  But just when the reader is being drawn into this &quot;other&quot; world, Beagle introduces a character to disrupt it in the form of a talking butterfly.  The thing that pulls the reader out of Beagle's world, back into his own, is not the butterfly's ability to talk (that, after all, is nottoo bizarre in a fantasy novel), but what he has to say.  Among the many things that do not belong in a traditional fantasy novel, but work well in a post-modern one, are the butterflies' references to Shakespeare &quot;you're a fishmonger,&quot; children's singalongs &quot;you are my sunshine,&quot; and songs from America's pop culture &quot;Won't you come home, Bill Bailey, won't you come home.&quot;<br />Now, a veteran of fantasy could probably come up with a list of science fiction cliches that could explain this odd knowledge.  Perhaps the butterfly learned these phrases by falling into a wormhole and spending time in our world.  Maybe the butterfly is in fact a traveler from our world, secretly disguised.  Or, perhaps this is really some bizarre post-apocalyptic world where after many millions of years and genetic mutation, the new inhabitants of our planet are uncovering our twentieth-century pop culture.  But this, like other details in Beagle's novel that clearly do not fit in with the rest of the story, and are not easily explained away. <br />Evidence of Beagle's unorthodox style can be seen later when Schmendrick and Molly are taken captive by Captain Cully.  Schmendrick tries to flatter the outlaw by pretending that he has heard of many of the outlaw's exploits.  As Cully begins to fall for this, he becomes much more friendly with Schmendrick, offering the wizard a place by his fire, an invitation to talk of what people supposedly say about Cully in other countries, and with a unique twist, a taco.  An odd foodstuff for outlaws seemingly modeled after Robin Hood.  Later, Schmendrick spends a good part of the night making up stories about the glories of Captain Cully.  The reader learns later on that most of these tales came from his &quot;good grounding in Anglo-Saxon folklore.&quot; <br />Beagle uses many other small descriptions to rip the reader out of his fantasy world.  At one point a prince is described &quot;reading a magazine.&quot;   At another point, Prince Lir is described as having armor that is partially made of bottlecaps. <br />A more subtle example of post-modern fantasy is the birth of Prince Lir.  The Prince was found on butcher's block, warm despite the fact that it was snowing, surrounded by stray cats.  As Drinn, the villager that found him said &quot;it purred prophecy.&quot;   But it is at this point that Beagle breaks the spell.  If this were a traditional fantasy, Drill would have become the foster parent for the boy and raised him.  But this is not traditional fantasy.  Drill instead scares away the cats and leaves the baby to what he expects will be death; because, he fears that the child that seems to have an aura of destiny around him might grow to be the one that brings down the prophecy of doom that had been cursed upon his town by a witch. <br />These are just a few of the many examples that make The Last Unicorn a very different, but very beautiful, kind of fantasy.  The post-modern style of fantasy, or the fantastic, has had a hard time being accepted by many hard core fantasy fans.  Many critics do not like novels that try to constantly toss the reader back and forth between the world of fantasy in the book, and the real world.  These people find it very hard to take the story seriously.  Others, however, are able to enjoy the beauty of a book such as this.  They see The Last Unicorn and books like it as a fantasy novel that does not take itself too seriously, and can use references from real life as a form of humor and another form of expression in the novel.  Imagination, after all, isn't a bad thing to have, especially in a fantasy world.<br />The Last Unicorn is a beautiful book, one that is filled with holes and spaces that draw you into its beauty and let you become a part of its creation.
B00000099Y|5.0|At a glimpse @ first this CD may not mean much to u cuz the music world is covered with worthless pop and their lyrics.  The most underated band ever, Tool, should get more credit from the releasing of Aenima. This Cd has a lot of NIN type nonvocal inserts that are neatly placed. Well 1st off there is a song u can take literally or figuratively, is Stinkfist...this song originally means pushing or penetrating to a new level...like you are detirmined...or there is the figuritive way (use your imagination with the name there *haha*)  well newayz...there are a number of great songs in this album...such as stinkfist, Eulogy, H,...well all of them!..Ok  just do the right thing and get this CD...u wont regret it!
6302794331|5.0|I went to see this movie in the theater when it came out and found it hilarious then.  We sat in front of several football players from University of Kansas and they laughed as hard as we did.  But aside from being funny, this is a very lovely film.  It's one of the great stories of all time, and the fact that most of the characters are puppets only adds to the magic.  Michael Caine plays it straight and, in so doing, makes a genuinely poignant Scrooge.  Watch it carefully - there are subtle pieces in there which take attention to notice.
0767802470|5.0|He survived that damned War! He survived being a POW! He learned something!<br />The Brits love their children, too!<br />This is all that has the right of  being said about it.
014017821X|3.0|Carter's collection of reworked faerie and folk tales is quite amazing. She succintly carves out the heart of the story and places it in a new form. And her use of potent sensuality (like in the wonderful &quot;Puss in Boots&quot;) is marvelous. I wanted to like the book more, but all the stories aren't as captivating, so. The book is remarkable for its intelligence and sparkling originality.
B000002VCQ|5.0|This album is great.  &quot;Saving...&quot;, &quot;How Will I Know&quot;, and &quot;Greatest Love...&quot; are beautiful and are some of her best-loved hits even 15 years later.  This CD is worth every penny.  The only thing I wish is that it included her duet with Jermaine Jackson, &quot;If You Say My Eyes Are Beautiful&quot;, which is one of the most stunningly beautiful vocals of her career.  Simply the best.
6305750750|5.0|Didn't meet expectations, and it got five stars? Let me explain...<br />The Star Wars trilogy is just plain good viewing.  Sure, Return of the Jedi is a little weak, the 70s dialogue in Star Wars is hilariously outdated, but the movies are just plain good storytelling.  That's what it's all about - doing a simple thing well.  Few people try, fewer succeed.<br />Phantom Menace is again, a simple thing done well.  It is a story of happier times, before the Empire, when the Jedi were the Guardians of the galaxy. It is also a story of the of the rise of the Empire.  It's not obvious unless you know some of the story that didn't show up in the movies, so trust me here.<br />I remember the first time I saw Phantom Menace.  It was, of course, a midnight showing, and the theater went wild when the Star Wars logo appeared and the theme music started.  I, a generally mature 33 year old , was shushed by the teenager with his date sitting next to me, since I was so busy talking non-stop with my friends about the movie and every thing that appeared on the screen.  The movie wasn't that good.  It was just a Star Wars movie.  Of course, a Star Wars movie is better than about 99% of what's out there.<br />It didn't make me think, really. The special effects didn't leave me in awe. Jake Lloyd did annoy me.  So did Jar-jar.<br />It was just pure, unadulterated entertainment.<br />And the Jedi, at the peak of their power, did kick some major tail.  The fighting was out of this world.  You think Luke was a good Jedi.  Bah.
B00000DFRS|3.0|Being a huge fan, I bought the CD and wasn't too disappointed.  Not bad, but I think it was too hip-hop/rap for my taste, which is not the style that she does best.  Also, I was more than a little surprised of the songs that were released for radio.  You'll Never Stand Alone and Until You Come Back definitely deserved a commercial release, and When You Believe would've been a higher charting single had the record company not waited until the last minute to release it as a commercially available single.  I did NOT care for &quot;MY Love Is Your Love&quot; until I heard the dance/remix (J.P. remix) on the radio--I love this single version.  Same way with It's Not Right...I didn't like it AT ALL until I heard the thunderpuss remix, then I fell in love with it...the album didn't contain the single versions like her other albums do.  The remixes for these 2 songs really saved them...they went from forgettable to truly essential anthems!  Overall not bad, but not my favorite album of hers, especially since the versions of some songs aren't the hit versions.  I also bought the singles, and I was happy to get the radio versions of the dance hits.  Overall, the album strays a little too far from her formula--I'd rather see more ballads (and more released to radio) or more essential dance material like the radio remixes to 'My Love' and 'It's Not Right' than the move to hip-hop rap.  Who wants to hear her sing that?  Not me.  She is the best because of the way she sings Soul/Pop/R&amp;B, not hip hop.  I'm sure the label and Whitney included &quot;I Learned From The Best&quot;, &quot;Until You Come Back&quot;, and &quot;You'll Never Stand Alone&quot; on this cd to please her true fans, and believe me, they did.  I loved all three and they were sung SO well, but my point is why not push these to radio?  THEY sounded like the runaway hits from this cd more so than some of the other songs.  Lastly, to radio and the record label:  Whitney is one of the greatest vocalists of our time and we want to hear her on the radio and we want to see big promotional ads for her new releases.  Plug them for all they're worth because she ALWAYS puts out quality work, as opposed to some of the flash-in-the-pan, navel-bearing girl vocalists that are overplayed on radio today.  We want to hear MORE of the talented Whitney Houston.
B00003CX8J|5.0|In a world of darkness and chaos, racism and dispair there lies hope for a new future that only derive in the X - Men a band of mutants so hated by humans yet cared for by a single man Xavier.Stan Lee's infamous comic get's new  life in this inteligently done big buget screen adaption  that stays true to the original vison of it's creators a powerful performance by newcomer Hugh Jackman who does  not know what his path in life is , and confronts a very troubled girl named Rouge in the film they seem to have  a connection a bond because they share the same feelings of being alienated by people who don't understand them.<br />   When they find that there is a man that knows about  them being Xavier , Wolverine is precarious to weither he should trust him and Rouge even though she dosent  know the use of her powers and how to control them is at ease.Halle Barry plays storm who knows full well  road that she taken is right and has full control of  her powers and is at times a mediator for Wolverine. When a powerful and mysterious man named Magneto is  conjering up a recipe for distruction his mutants and him decide to decive the X-Men and take Rouge she is the missing link for him to make his plans complete  but when the X-Men find out there not about to give up without a fight they all set there diffrences , aside to save Rouge and humanity from it's fate.<br />           With a directors commentary from Brain Singer  and production notes , trailers and incredible picture and sound X-Men is a film that's a sure fire recomendation for kids it teaches them morals and values to not only , accept people for who they are but to come together and unite and work together for a good cause but great for  adults because of it's dramatic and emotional power as  well as great action and acting all around X-Men is a  film your sure to want to watch over and over again  and now on DVD it's even better a worthy experience.
0316921173|5.0|it isn't worth it I swear don't start hate this finally finished had to start all over, mass confusion, still reading again, re-, can't purge. . .read house of leaves it's easy, fun or really just anything else, normal type books that go back on the bookshelf at some point, resolved, good, nice books.  friendly.
B00004T8RK|3.0|Simple as that. I mean this album has a few good songs, but this aint no vs. or ten. There fans say o those were the worst and wont look at reality. Pearl jam is an amazing live band, but this cd is not so great. Its 3 stars for average. Nothing legendary. FACE IT, THERE NOT THE BEST. Live, theres a band thats been around since pearl jam started, but STILL makes good music. These are Neil Young wanna be has been's
0736644296|5.0|After having read the first half of this book, I was bored.  Nothing happened.  We heard about a future attack, but it never happened.  But then suddenly, at the last few chapters, it finally took place.  And then the book got so exciting that I sat there gasping for air.  I also understood why the boring first half was included, because that part was the one that made the last half in to such an incredible experience.  And after I read the whole book, the first half became exciting too. So buy this book, it is the best I have ever read.  But keep in mind, that the first half is boring.  So do not give up.  Keep reading it to the end, and I promise you the best reading experience you have ever had. It is the first book by Hemmingway I have read, but it will not be the last.
6304711883|3.0|Ransom features two of my all-time favorite actors-Mel Gibson and Gary Sinise-facing each other off in a game of cat-and-mouse.  Naturally, my expectations for the film should be high.  While the film does have its thrilling sequences, there are also needless subplots and repellent violence and tone.  There are also a lack of surprises, as everything plays in a manner that's not too hard to guess.<br />As should be expected, the acting in the film is superb, with Gibson delivering a powerful performance as the flawed man who only wishes to get his son back.  Rene Russo as his wife also shows strength and passion.  Equalling Gibson's performance is the terrific Gary Sinise, who plays his villainous character to perfection (or rather imperfection), a guy you just love to hate.<br />Though far from perfect and the occasionaly stilted direction from Ron Howard, the great cast and some suspenseful sequences make this film worth a look
B00004YM0D|5.0|This is a great cd.  The music is wonderful!
B000002J09|5.0|If you're just now discovering Led Zeppelin - where have you been? In short, if you're a fan of classic rock, you should own this album. If you listen to music at all, you should own this album.  If you like to trace the roots of music, you'd notice that they are cited as an influence by nearly anyone who ever played in a rock band. To call them influential is an understatement. It is no mistake that this band found their way into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, or that this record typically finds itself on lists that hail it amongst the \\"best albums of all time.\\"  <br />Led Zeppelin was huge. Their music, though decades old, is still widely embraced by generation after generation of rock music fanatics. And, remarkably it sounds fresh, exciting, even provocative. Their fourth album, known as \\"ZoSo\\" is no exception. The track list is virtually a \\"Request List\\" for any FM rock station, with tunes like \\"Black Dog\\", \\"Rock and Roll\\", \\"Battle of Evermore\\", \\"Stairway to Heaven\\", \\"Misty Mountain Hop\\", \\"Four Sticks\\", \\"Going to California\\", \\"When the Levee Breaks\\" all being hugely influential. Start with this album, and then add the rest of their work to your collection. Immerse yourself in some of the greatest rock and roll ever recorded from one of the most important rock and roll artists ever. There's little else that needs to be said.
B0000062GE|5.0|Wow. What can i say that hasn't been said a hundred times before in this review forum? Stabbing Westward has unleashed an artistic, atmospheric gallery of emotion with Darkest Days. Above and beyond anything by Nine Inch Nails or Gravity Kills - though good bands in their own respects, they lack the honesty and emotion that Stabbing Westward provides. The biggest difference between Stabbing Westward and other industrial bands is the way the music 'flows...' musically enchanting and melodic, through a perfect balance of mechanical or electronic effects and instruments. And it just wouldn't work without Chris Hall's voice - soft and sentimental at times, bitter and angry at others.<br /> Sure, it's dark and depressing. If you turned off the music halfway through the album, you'd walk away feeling broken. But LISTEN TO IT ALL THE WAY THROUGH, FROM BEGINNING TO END. the music unravels a story... the 'character' of the story is sucked down, destroyed by the hatred he feels for himself because of his mistakes with the one he loves, and the listener is pulled through the black hole with him. BUT... together you are pulled through the fire and emerged rebuilt again... the 'character' realizes that he won't become the thing he hates, stops himself short, and departs with happy memories about his lost love, lifting the depression. You walk away from this album feeling BETTER, more cheerful than depressed as you would if you stopped halfway through.    Order this album. If you're too impatient, get up, drive to the store, and buy it. Put it in the CD player, put on the headphones, and lay on your bed in the dark or drive down a dark highway at night, and listen to Darkest Days from beginning to end. You won't be disappointed.<br /> Oh, and ignore that 'explicit lyrics' warning. There's maybe two swear words in the entire album...
B00004SYWZ|5.0|Every song this album is great only I want I say that a-ha is one  is the best group, because music from a-ha  is wonderful !, perfect for the lovers!! and genials songs!! and bigger singer !! Morten Harket My track favorite is &quot;You `ll never get over me&quot;, &quot;Velvet&quot;, &quot;Thought that it was you&quot;, &quot;I wish I cared&quot;, &quot;the sun never shone that day&quot; all songs are great!!
0425170349|2.0|This Tom Clancey book is about John Clark and Ding (from Clear and Present Danger) setting up an new international task force.  Concerned mainly with anti-terrorism.   Various scenarios ensue, building up their image of competence, and gradually introducing the main plot elements.  It starts pretty well, but the last 200-odd pages, out of 897 in my softback, start to drag and annoy.  I am not sure if he decided he had to wrap things up, or got sick etc, but the effort just doesn't seem the same.<br />I like Clancey, really I do. But Rainbow Six suffers in too many departments. I can accept the plot, it might be _possible_ for a private corp to develop a virus secretly. I can accept the formation of a NATO anti-terrorist group. But what really bugs me is the way the &quot;bad-guys&quot;, who are obviously smart from their setup plans, loose their brains once the ball gets rolling. <br /> Other people have mentioned inconsistencies, Clancey's right-wing views, and technical faults. This I can accept, but not the unreasonable reasoning of supposedly smart characters. <br />Buy the computer game instead, it's a little old now, but is a brutal and more entertaining education on anti-terrorist units.
B00003CXGG|2.0|Romeo Must Die is a mildly entertaining film that just doesn't live up to its potential.  Many of the reviews I have read compare it favorably to The Matrix, but this is ridiculous.  Now, don't get me wrong...Jet Li is a phenomenal martial artist.  Martial arts alone, however, do not make a great film.  The acting was poor and the improbable fight sequences were downright silly, as they were physically impossible (at least in The Matrix, there is a logic that allows for gravity-defying flips, etc).  Finally, the relationship between Han and Trish simply doesn't go far enough to warrant a &quot;Romeo &amp; Juliet&quot; romantic link.  They never even kiss for crying out loud!  Overall, not a good film.
0393312836|5.0|ONE: This book is violent. TWO: This book is sexually explicit. THREE: The language takes a while to understand. FOUR: This is one of the most exciting and innovative books to come from any author in the last century!<br />Anthony Burgess has achieved something extraordinary; a book with class and style, and a centre character you would love to hate...but you can't! If you look at the movie (Stanley Kubrick) it plays like a direct opposite to &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot;, with the first half showing total and utter mayhem and the second half a sickeningly controlled enviroment where Alex our &quot;Poor and humble narrator&quot; has his write to freedom taken away. While reading the book you may be disgusted and put the book down but you'll end up picking it up again and questioning yourself how the hell did I put this down? The answer is that this novel is so intriguing and so inventive that if the violence and sex is a bit too much you can forgive it because it is needed and necerssary! The language he has created &quot;nadsat&quot; is a stroke of genius and before long you'll be speaking the lingo in your normal conversation without knowing it. Absolute class.<br />If you have a taste for contraversy and innovative thinking you'll love this. If you have a small mind and don't look beyond the norm than you'll hate it and be disgusted but for the people who aren't delve into the world of Alex and his droogs and viddie how propper horrorshow this novel is! (Just ignore the old &quot;Ultra violence&quot; and the &quot;Old in-out in-out&quot;)<br />Forget the film, read the book...you won't be dissapointed!
B00003CWN2|3.0|I will say the acting was great, Hilary Swank and Chloe Sevigny did a terrific job and I believe they captured the spirits of Teena Brandon and Lana Tisdel.    My problem is how a lot of events that really happened were altered or ignored.  Teena Brandon's life was a lot more than the couple of weeks before she was brutally raped and murdered by two \\"friends.\\"    Also, a third person (named Philip Devine) was murdered in the house.  They did not give Teena's murdered friend (played by Roseanne's Lecy Goransen) much attention, and didn't even use her real name.  It was like they wanted to sensationalize the fact that Teena Brandon was a lesbian and completely forgot about the two straight people who died.    Another problem I have with this movie is how it drags.  They try too hard to make them sound uneducated, and some of the accents are too far-fetched.      Finally, Lana Tisdel is not reported to have been at the murder scene.  It is just too ridiculous to believe that she was there and lived.  John Lotter and Thomas Nissen almost killed a baby!     A lot of this film is about sexual obsession.  It's clear John Lotter was murderous because he was obsessed with Lana, and that was probably true in real life.  The rape was horribly violent, and caused me a lot of distress to see.      The sheriff's treatment of the young, frightened victim was also horrifying - because the unspoken message was \\"You're a dyke, you needed it, get over it and shut up.\\"    Overall, I wouldn't say don't see it, but don't believe it's the whole story or the truest story.  Again, the acting was TERRIFIC!
B0000025DD|5.0|Man! If You Likes Pink Floyd, you got to buy this record. From the opening Mihalis`` to I Cant Breath Anymore``, the record is fantastic. I Have All The Records Of Pink Floyd and I Have To Admit: David Gilmour is one of the fantastics records that i have from an artist solo as a writter!
B00004TLMC|2.0|I hated this movie and am only giving it 2 stars because Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman acted well.<br />The problem is it is poorly written and too far out there even for me (and I like unusual, artistic flicks)<br />I don't want to give away the plot - oh wait, there isn't one!<br />I guess the main reason I hated it was it was too long, too hard to follow, and just sickening.<br />A man tries to prostitute his pre-teen daughter, and that is just one of the disturbing things in the movie.<br />I'm pretty open-minded, but they went just a little too far.
B00004W3MS|5.0|About 7:55 into the song &quot;Vidrar Vel Til Loftarasa&quot; (no.7 on the CD) something happens which can only be described as &quot;musical magic&quot;; a fluid, soft, melodic (almost Bach-like) song transforms into a thundering electronic, yet melodic, rhyme where an electric guitar played by a violin bow plays a major part. In fact, all the songs are ecxellent, and the whole CD is truly unique. Angel-like, magical, dreamy; these are words that I use in attempt to describe this music. Probably one of the top five albums of all time.
0792842731|2.0|This film takes 007 and turns him into just another action hero after one of those shady billionaire villains.  The lagging plot is saved by some incredible stunt work, but the characters have been &quot;updated&quot; so badly are hardly recognizable.  Joe Don Baker is terrible in his two scenes playing the obnoxious American the British love to hate, and Dench's coquettish smiles at Bond's behavior border on silly.  Bring back Connery and Moore...heck, even Lazenby and Dalton!
0783243499|1.0|My sister wanted to see this movie-I didn't.  It was not what I expected.  I normally like movies that make you think and are not main stream, but this movie sent chills up my spine.  Patrick was a pig, plain and simple.  He was a self centered, egotistical man who cared nothing of the people around him.  I believe he lived in a dark fantasy world dreaming up that he killed all these people without anyone noticing.  I don't think he fully understood how much the people he worked with and were so called friends with were laughing at him.  The major problem with this movie is that there are people out there just like Patrick.  This movie makes their fantasy a reality.
B000000OAL|5.0|Este en realidad no es el primer cd de QUEEN (ya que QUEEN AT THE BBC es la primera grabacion disponible de QUEEN ) pero si el primero que salio al mercado en Gran Bretaña , ello no quita para nada el hecho se ser un gran disco, especialmente por ser el debut de una de las grandes bandas del rock. Temas como KEEP YOURSELF ALIVE , y la primera version de SEVEN SEAS OF RHYE son verdaderos clasicos de la banda y en ellos se observa ya el estilo caracteristico de la interpretacion del grupo. <br />Compre este cd
B00004RHZU|5.0|The best so far I think she can do some prety good music. The song that gets played so much on the radio there you go, the best song on the cd. Even though it gets play too much. Everyone will like you make me sick and most girls. Good cd.
B000000OAN|5.0|Esta es el album que llevo a QUEEN a la fama mundial por el sencillo BOHEMIAN RAPSODY,  y es sin lugar a dudas uno de los grandes albumes del grupo, no solo este single si no tambien canciones como THE PROPHETS SONG , LOVE OF MY LIFE y DEATH ON TWO LEGS, hacen de este cd algo especial. Un cd donde se puede observar todo el poder de interpretacion vocal de la banda ( muy en especial de FREDDIE MERCURY ) y la maestria tecnica de sus musicos. Por ultimo un final apoteosico con el GOD SAVE THE QUEEN , escogido por el grupo como un homenaje en el ao del jubileo de la reina. Sin dudarlo le pongo 6 estrellas
6305662371|5.0|When The Exorcist first came out, I was too young to see it...or so my parents thought.  At was with not a little agony that I saw the film arrive in theaters, and heard about people throwing up and fainting because of it.  I was a young horror movie junkie, and this sound like the Uber-horror flick.  And I was missing it!  <br />Then came video.  <br />And now a new theatrical release of a re-edit of the original film.  <br />Probably, the original edit was a better movie.  The scenes that are added don't bring too much to the movie, except, of course, for the infamous &quot;spider walk&quot; scene, which is very, very brief, and utterly creepy.  I can't imagine why it was removed from the original release.  <br />What makes viewing this movie in a theater such a treat is the clarity of the picture.  Having only seen this movie on video, I never caught most of the demonic &quot;flashes&quot; that you see througout the house, and in Regan's room.  Look closely, for instance, on the vent hood over the stove in the scene during which Ellen Burstyn comes home, and the lights are flashing on an off.  Look closely at the door when she enters and leaves Regan's room.  <br />This movie is still shocking, still frightening, and still a helluva lot of fun. ( It's also nice, frankly, to see a movie in which the Catholic Church, and priests, are not portrayed as depraved and oppressive. )  Were this movie made today, all the subtleties would have to be made explicit for the unperceptive MTV generation of moviegoers.  They just wouldn't pay enough attention, for instance, to understand that there is a relationship between the demon and Max von Sydow's character, that, apparently, the demon possesses the girl to lure Fr. Merrin to his own destruction (listen carefully to the tape that Fr. Karras makes of the demon--you'll hear it cry out for Fr. Merrin).  <br />This is one of the greatest horror movies ever made.  You need to see it in a theater.  If you can't, watch it on DVD.
0385484518|5.0|This book shares how the dying experience creates a level of compassion uniting the heart and soul in an eternal relationship that will never die. Morrie did engage his friend Mitch in his dying that opened his heart to live life fully. In Morrie's dying experience, he taught his student one of life's greatest lesson. Mitch learned to die while he is alive.       Mitch opened his heart and soul into the realm of spirit. He opened into insight and learned to see through his eyes instead of with them. Mitch pierced through the veil of appearances and saw the face of God.         I also recommend: What the Dying Teach Us: Lessons on Living by Samuel Oliver
B00004X01U|1.0|I have every CD Madonna has released.  Liked every on of them except her new release.  The CD gets started good with Music which is the only good song on her CD.  It goes down hill from there.  Its boring and no fun.  In fact this is one of the worst CD's I own.  This CD dosnt even come close to her previous release Ray of Light one of her best.  Im disappointed I bought this CD.
B00003CXDG|5.0|Don't believe the reviewers that said this stank, it didn't!  This has to be one of the coolest movies ever, it's up there with some of the better Bond movies, definetly beter than The World is Not Enough.  The action scenes are so cool, you just have to see this!  Well enough, pre-order today!
6305718954|5.0|The film is brilliant and has more truth in it than religious nutters would like you to think about.  The best quote : After a stigmata attack  Priest   &quot;Its a gift from God&quot; Patricia &quot;Can I give it back?&quot;
B000001FV1|5.0|your first review that is listed is fine, and i agree that this is a wonderful recording. I saw Traffic twice on this tour and it was fantastic. However, your first reviewer made a GRAVE error, in mentioning Jim Gordon and Rick Grech. They are on Low Spark and Welcome to the Canteen. They are NOT on this album. The Muscle Shoals drums and bass were used....Roger Hawkins and David Hood. Credit where it is due...please gentlemen.
6305718954|5.0|The film is brilliant and has more truth in it than religious nutters would like you to think about.  The best quote : After a stigmata attack  Priest:&quot;Its a gift from God&quot; Patricia :&quot;Can I give it back?&quot; Enjoy the film.I did.
B000002U9Y|4.0|Piper was a success. Everyone loved it, including the Beatles. It recieved great reviews and threw Pink Floyd into mild stardom within England and parts of Europe. Saucerful, was the beginning of when Pink Floyd decided they would do what came best to them, concept. This unfortunatley never completly took form on the album because the band had to much inner turmoil. For the most part, the album is a good collection of early Pink Floyd material. Of the 7 tracks there are 5 clear standouts:<br />1. Let There Be more Light: was a Waters song with exceptional bass and vocals.<br />2. Remember A Day: Wright's version of a kind of depressing Penny Lane. Very good piano by Rick and slide guitar by Barrett<br />3. Set The Controls: This and the next track mentioned will be Floyd's building point. It is the start of their mood pieces that evoke a certain effect on it's listener. Heavey accents on Bass and drums<br />4. Saucerful: See Set The controls. It is also noteworthy to say the band actually drew out what they thought the song should flow together like, using peakes and valleys representing the musics texture.<br />5. Jugband Blues: This was Syd's curtain call. It very sad that in a way because of his downfall Floyd achieved much of their success. After all Floyd most popular songs and albums were directly linked to him. The song is quiet, roudy, sad, chaotic, and beautiful. Basically everything a Barret song should be.<br />The other tracks, Corperal Clegg and See Saw unfortunatly fall a bit short. They are by no means bad, and the former is very expiramental and lyrically intertesting, but they just show a band scrabbling to find an existance after their leader, and founder, mentally could no longer cope.
6305718954|5.0|The film is brilliant and has more truth in it than religious nutters would like you to think about.  The best quote : After a stigmata attack  Priest:&quot;Its a gift from God&quot; Patricia :&quot;Can I give it back?&quot; Enjoy the film.I did.
B000002MG1|5.0|Now, in the new millenium, and you look back to see what's behind you, you can sum up a lot of things.  Concerning music, everyone should mention &quot;Automatic for the People&quot; as one of the most perfect CD's out to date.  It's still a great mix of sweet pop, beautiful lyrics and melodies and contains the some of the band's greatest efforts and overall greatest songs.  This CD is still my number 1 favourite!  Everybody hurts and Nightswimming are so great, and the rest of the CD supports these classics with it's own greatness.  Although REM still is going strong, I don't think they can ever make another record as strong as this one.
0783227272|5.0|I had to study 'Amistad' for a year 12 assignment and I thoroughly enjoyed the film.  It was definitely an eye opener to me as to how African slaves were treated.  The performances from the actors was incredible.  Cinque was an extremely important character and was often portrayed as being 'Christ-like'.  He was often seen in light and in the court room scenes he was wearing light coloured clothes.  Cinque was also seen as the 'head' of the other black slaves.  They all looked up to him and admired him.  Due to the technique of lighting, the viewer is shown that Cinque and the other slaves are the 'good', and the Americans are the 'bad'.  Characters in the film who were siding with the Africans were all seen in light, while others, for example the Spanians, were seen in dark lighting.  <br />Overall, I feel that Spielberg did a fantastic job with this film and the technique of lighting was very effective in portraying certain views to the audience.
B000002U82|5.0|This is simply a timeless masterpiece which touches a true music fan's soul. There isn't much I can add that hasn't already been stated but this album really moves me. It's dark and beautiful at the sme time. The playing is great and the lyrics are straight and deal with topics which are as relevant today as they were in 1973. I certainly hope they will put out a special 30th anniversary edition in 2003. Go get this album!
0140189378|2.0|While I was looking for a book to read over the summer, I found a small-size novel with catchy title SEIZE THE DAY. Moreover,the author of the book, as I found out, was the winner of the Nobel Prize for literature. All excited and willing to read, I lay down on the beach and grabbed my book. However, after reading few pages I realized that this short novel was definitely not what I 'd expected it to be.    It was the most boring book I have ever read. Nothing, but nothing really happened throughout it. Instead of action, there were pages of precise descrioptions of places, people, things and not many dialoges, which I like so much.    SEIZE THE DAY, a story of a man, who is complete, miserable loser in life, who constantly repeats his mistakes and doesn't really try to change his life, didn't entertain me at all. After finishing the book, I was bored and tired of hearing of his continuous problems caused by himself.    So, if you are looking for entertaining and interesting book with action, as I did, SEIZE THE DAY is not for you.
B000002KLP|5.0|A co-worker told me this was his favorite Prince album.  I was surprised because I often felt that people overlooked this album.  When this album was first released I had it and I would listen  to it when my parents weren't around because I thought they would get offended and take it from me. Luckily it never happened because on this album Prince gets raw and funky. The lyrics are indeed naughty ,but the music is so funky that Prince could have been singing nursery rhymes and it would have still been jamming.  Prince first two albums had a lot of slow tempo songs ,but here only &quot;Gotta Broken Heart&quot; slows the pace and it is only 3 minutes long.  The rest is just syntheisized funk.  The title track and &quot;Head&quot; just blows my mind. This album is  definitive &quot;Minneapolis Sound&quot;.  If you love Prince you must have this one.
B000002KOO|5.0|I can't say exactly why I was so fascinated by this record 31 years ago when I bought it (the earliest American release, sans &quot;Oh Well&quot;) at a Woolworth's for somewhere around $3.50.  I was probably drawn to the cover, which was certainly colorful and mysterious.  (In those days, I could afford to buy interesting-looking music just because of the album cover.)  After a couple of puzzled listens, I decided this would be my favorite rock album of all time.  Again, I can't say exactly why.  Perhaps it was the blues at the heart of it or the enthusiasm in the music.  Except for Green, the musicians possessed no more than the talent you'd expect from a rock record, but there was something different about it, something genuine, even heartfelt.  Later, much later, after delving into these guys' lives and subsequent extremely checkered careers, I came to understand that it was their sheer good fortune at the time to be thrown together during a period of extreme (and often acid-fueled) ferment in music (as well as everything else).  They came out of the blues, but they listened to the Dead, the Doors, and any number of other innovative bands, and they put that extensive, authentic, dangerous, diverse experience to good use.  This is still my favorite rock album, and for more than sentimental reasons.  It holds up.
B000002KLP|5.0|A co-worker told me this was his favorite Prince album.  I was surprised because I often felt that people overlooked this album.  When this album was first released I had it and I would listen  to it when my parents weren't around because I thought they would get offended and take it from me. Luckily it never happened because on this album Prince gets raw and funky. The lyrics are indeed naughty ,but the music is so funky that Prince could have been singing nursery rhymes and it would have still been jamming.  Prince first two albums had a lot of slow tempo songs ,but here only &quot;Gotta Broken Heart&quot; slows the pace and it is only 3 minutes long.  The rest is just syntheisized funk.  The title track and &quot;Head&quot; just blows my mind. This album is  definitive &quot;Minneapolis Sound&quot;.  If you love Prince you must have this one.
0345403959|4.0|In my opinion this book was more or less unbeatable, but as i said thats my opinion. If you dont like heavy reading, i suggest you read the Belgariad and Mallorian first. in Belgarath the sorceror there are a lot of names to remember,and the belgariad introduces these at a lesser extent so you can actually remember what its telling you!
1878424319|5.0|This little book is quietly becoming a major hit.  Why?<br />Because don Miguel touches our souls.  He shares with us ancestral wisdom and truths.  He writes elegantly and beautifully.  He speaks of a life he knows of love, joy, and kindness.<br />I have spent a little time with this man.  He is a gift.  So is this book.  Treat yourself or anyone you love to this work.
B000002I2G|5.0|This album is undoubtedly the Doors at their creative zenith. On this beatiful album they have delved (quite successfully) into a  new realm, and come back with a monumental recording. There are no songs on this album that are not up to the Doors potential, on such albums as Morrison Hotel, or LA Woman. Tell All the People and Wishful Sinful are two songs where the addition of orchestral elements have shone through quite nicely. There are other greats on this album, such as Wild Child, Easy Ride, and Touch Me. Shaman's Blues is a great song, with Jim sounding coherent and real, while the other Doors play beautifully. Finally there is the Soft Parade, which could be easily called their best ever. It is an incredible opus, the Doors Stairway to Heaven, or Bohemian Rhapsody. All said, an extremely solid album, the most stable and solid since their debut. Nice work guys.
B00004X01U|4.0|If you have a cat, see how it reacts when you turn this up. My cat freaks out at the synthesizer sounds. I've never seen anything like it.<br />Most of the record is good, but every time I hear that cheesey Cher/Kid Rock voice distortion it stabs me in the eye. That was old a year ago! Madonna should know better!
B00003CX7L|5.0|I had expected a dull child's cartoon with a meaningless plot and dull characters...wow was I ever wrong!  Toy Story 2 is funny, exciting, dramatic, and very entertaining! This time around, Woody is stolen by a greedy toy collector...why? Because it turns out that Woody is a valuable doll from the 1950's when he had his own popular TV show!  As Buzz and the rest of the toys frantically try to find a way to rescue Woody, our cow-boy hero meets other toys just like him---Jesse the cow-girl, the Prospector, and Woody's hillarious horse. And all this time Woody starts to wonder if maybe he's found his rightful home...or has he? The animation is tops, the plot is engrossing, and the movie is excellent!  If you think an animated feauture is just a bunch of interesting graphics then you're wrong! This is a heart-warming and wonderful family film.
B00000IQW0|5.0|IT IS SO GREAT TO SEE BATTLESTAR GALACTICA BE RELEASED ON DVD. THIS IS THE THEATER VERSION OF THE TV PILOT FILM. A STORY OF A RACE OF ROBOTS KNOWN AS CYLONS LAUNCH A SNEAK ATTACK ON THE 12 PLANETS THAT ARE INHABITED BY HUMANS. THE ONLY SURVIVING BATTLESTAR, THE GALACTICA LEADS THE SURVIVORS IN AN ASORTMANT OF SHIPS ON A QUEST FOR A LEGENDARY PLANET KNOWN AS EARTH. WHILE ON THERE QUEST THERE ALWAYS IS THE DANGER THAT THERE ENEMY THE CYLONS WILL FIND THEM. A GREAT MOVIE ON A SCALE OF 1 TO 10 I WOULD GIVE IT A 10. LOTS OF ACTION WITH A GREAT STORY, AND EXCELLENT SPECIAL EFFECTS. MORE FUN THAN WATCHING STAR WARS. I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS MOVIE. I CAN ONLY HOPE THAT MORE BATTLESTAR GALACTICA EPISODES ARE RELEASED ON DVD IN TE FUTURE. THE PICTURE QUALITY ON THIS DVD IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER SEEN OF THIS MOVIE. IT IS A LOT BETTER THAN THE PICTURE QUALITY OF THE VHS RELEASE. AND THE SOUND QUALITY IS PERFECT. UNFORTUNATLY THERE IS NO TRAILER ON THIS DVD. TRY IT IT IS THE BEST SCI- FI ENTERTAINMENT.
0380730367|5.0|Somehow he manages to make a very dark subject, the damage a sociopath can do into a facinating read. He shows the controlling influence in a way that leaves no doubt of the charismatic power or evil intent.  It is deep and extremely accurate, while never talking like a text book. Only to be read if the real horrors of the man on the street don't fase you. Brilliant.
6305627347|5.0|For some reason, I can't sit through a half-hour of the South Park TV show.  I enjoy it well enough, but it never really holds my attention.  The humour always seems stunted on the small screen, very ribald but always in an inconsequential way.  Well, free from the restrictions of television, Stone (no relation) and Parker have made a tremendously funny companion movie that manages to weave social satire using thread made up of curse words.  And surprisingly, it became one of my favourite movies in recent memory.<br />And not to be forgotten, but it's a damn fine musical as well.<br />From the opening refrain of 'Mountain Town', it quickly becomes apparent that the satire will be witty and tight, parodying Broadway musical standards for their own twisted purposes.  But the whole thing takes a wicked left turn with the infamous song 'Uncle F**ka' (I truly despise having to put the asterisks in, but then I guess that's the kind of thing this movie is railing against).  It's a nonsensical, roll-on-the-floor-laughing, swearing-for-swearing's-sake song from the movie-within-a-movie starring Terrance and Philip.  And it throws down the gauntlet for all that is to come.<br />The remaining songs are all perfectly placed parodies, which serve to advance the narrative, provide character development, and serve up more opportunities for poopy jokes.  All noble causes, I'd say.  Favourites include 'Kyle's Mom is a B**ch' (which if you listen close enough, is actually quite poetic), and 'What Would Brian Boitano Do' (or WWBBD, in which the 1988 Olympic Champion is held up as an all-knowing superhero).  And of course, the closing credits contain a soulful, sincere performance by Doobie Brother Michael McDonald of 'Eyes of a Child' (&quot;Sure, life is kind of gay/But it doesn't seem that way/Through the eyes of a child&quot;) that spoofs the drek David Foster and Diane Warren regularly churn out.  <br />Special mention should be made for 'Blame Canada'.  Any true Canadian knows who the target of that one is, no?<br />The brilliance of this movie, it appears to me, is that Stone and Parker figured that the only way to top their TV show would be to up the ante with the movie.  Thus we get Saddam Hussein as a butchy homosexual lover of Satan, the execution of Bill Gates, and of course 'Operation Human Shield' in which all the black residents of South Park are not only expected to shield their white army mates from Canadian attack, but are strapped to the tanks as well.<br />And of course there's the swearing.  I read somewhere that this is the movie with the greatest proliferation of cuss words.  Well, bravo I say.  Bring your grandma and your kids, cause in the end all that swearing actually makes a very powerful point.  And Cartman's final coup de grace -- in which his cussing actually saves the day -- is as good a condemnation of the censorship of speech as anything this side of Newspeak from George Orwell's '1984'.
B000000WCA|5.0|This album is superb Pop/R&amp;B, Mama/Who do you think you are/Naked.  Need I go on?  Good debut from the best girl group of the 90's!
B00000JGEI|5.0|This is one of arnolds best movies ever!  Sure it would get old if you watch it too much, so dont do that!  But, seriously, this is one of arnolds best.  Tops the first Terminator I think.  This one has everything!  Great special fx for it's time &amp; still considered good special fx today.  The characters are great in this one, just as they were in the first one.  Don't miss this movie!  Buy it now!
B00000DLUV|3.0|I must say that I liked this live album very much.  There is a chance to see songs like Grease and Islands in the stream(Which I thought was better than the original version) performed by the group for the first time!  My only quibble is that they do not include songs like You win again and Secret Love.  These were big hits so why did they not include them?  Anyway apart from that a good effort!
B00000JGEO|5.0|This is arnolds best movie!  This action movie has everything.  Great action sequences, comedy (some of the best comedy in the movie is by Tom Arnold), romance, drama.  This one has it all.  It isn't a normal action movie where its just good guy vs. bad guy.  This one has better bigger conflicts.  Arnold actually did some acting in this one.  Tom Arnold was the true comedy in the movie though.  Actually he was just great period.  Some things that go on in the action sequences are very funny too.  Everything worked in this action movie.  James Cameron is the king of action!  A great movie to watch w/ a group of friends or family.  Awesome Movie!
B000001FDK|5.0|Great soundtrack to a great movie.  All the songs are good especially the new songs written for the movie, Hopelessly devoted to you, Grease, You're the one that I want, etc.  It's no wonder it sold so many millions of copies, it's perfect!!!!!
0064471837|5.0|I love his book and Shade's Children. I read them in 3-4 days. I recommand them too all my friends they like them too. I strongly suggest this book. And all others by Garth Nix.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I bought this cd a while back and decided to wait on giving Amazon customers my imput. I have been an Enigma fan from the beginning and I will have to say that their music is one of the most uplifting, exoctic, and artistic types of music out there. I feel that they tell a very deep rooted story within their music. It takes you to a place that you can only dream of. Using various instruments to speak to you in a magical way,I will have to say that their music will be an enjoyment for all types of people for a long time to come.....
B00003W8NM|5.0|Alright, alright, so everyone knows now that this is a really good movie. Well, perhaps not EVERYONE. So maybe I can change a few minds with this review...?<br />WEll, this movie starts off looking nothing like a thinking movie, if you base your opinion solely on the titel and a lot of the trailer info that they gave. But as soon as you start watching it, you realize how much thinking the cast and crew did in it, and how much thinking you need to do to pick up on everything. And trust me, no single viewing will reveal everything! Also, this movie is borderline psychotic. And you feel THAT, too. By the end of this movie I was beginning to feel just as insane as our hero (played by Edward Norton). And the ending. Well, let's just say that the ending... Well, not to be stereotypical, but you have to watch it for yourself. And watch it you will. But remember, &quot;The first rule of Fight Club is never talk about Fight Club&quot;.
B00004SST6|4.0|ITS IS SUCH A PLEASURE HEAR BENSON THROWING THESE LINES AGAING EL BARRIO SHOWS HE IS STILL IN CONTROL OF HIS THING , SOUNDS SO FRESH , CREATIVE , POWERFUL , WHEN HE GETS OUT OF THE ROOT OF A CHORD PROGRESSION FEELS LIKE A MASTER DOING THE BEST AT JAZZING UP THE GUITAR...THANKS FOR THE GIFT OF DOING THIS GUITAR GEM...
B00000K0DT|5.0|When this film first came out great things were very quickly said about it. Sometimes you get a film which people say is great because it has a wonderful car chase or there is a nice big explosion or the main character gets to say some wonderful one-liners. This film was being praised because it had a good story.<br />This caught my attention so I went to see it and have watched it many times since. Not because I didn't get it, quite the opposite in fact. I understood the film but I just loved the experience of watching a brilliant story unfold so mcuh that I wanted that experience again and again.<br />Can there be anyone out there who hasn't heard about this excellent film? How can I convince you to rent this, to buy it or just to plain sit down and watct it? Simple - if you like to watch a good film that is far more than car chases, explosions and witty one-liners then this is it.<br />From the intriguing opening scene as we watch a ship go up in flames, the film slowly unfolds a story of how weeks before five men were brought together for a police line-up. Not just any five men, but five criminals who should not have been brought together at all. Plotting revenge against the NYPD for this harrasment is only the beginning and slowly but surely we begin to hear about this underworld myth - Keyser Soze. A powerful underworld lord who may or may not exist. Could it because of him that these five men were brought together? If so, what does he want from them and will they be willing to help him achieve that goal?<br />Watch it and find out, I just hope that the arms of your chair are strong enough because you will be gripping them!<br />The DVD is generally quite good, there is minor digital noise at the start but it is not distracting. The film is not enhanced so you will either have to enlarge your screen or put up with it in 2.23:1. The only extra is a commentary track which gives a nice insight into the making of the film.
6305280711|5.0|With director John McTiernan back at the helm, &#34;Die Hard With a Vengeance&#34; (1995) is a textbook example of action-packed filmmaking —  the best of the &#34;Die Hard&#34; series. You couldn't ask for a better acting ensemble. Bruce Willis adds more depth to his John McClane role, thanks to the inspired casting of Jeremy Irons (as the vengeful brother of Alan Rickman's Hans Gruber) and Samuel L. Jackson (McClane's unlikely partner). There's more action and characterization than in the previous &#34;Die Hard&#34; films. McTiernan's swift pacing never lets up. From beginning to fadeout, &#34;Die Hard With a Vengeance&#34; is great fun.
B00004U8H4|2.0|Hard to follow. Not enough of a plot
B000024ZLX|5.0|This is the best Pink album. Mr Roger Waters is doing a very great job here. The song two sun in the sunset is the best.<br />So a meesage to the new Pink Floyd(without Roger Waters): Dont destroy the Pink Floyd name with a new album...............<br />Roger Waters is Pink Floyd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is the best
B00004TH7Z|5.0|The 90s have been a rather sad decade for Metal and Rock in general - rap, pop and boy bands have dominated the scene with the new style of rap-metal coming out - the type of music that I, and most classic-metal fans that I know definetely do not like. And now in the year 2000 we see a large number of awesome records being put out by some of the best metal artists of all time. Out of all of them the best one is clearly &quot;Brave New World&quot;. The album is fresh and yet has the feel of classic Maiden. Starting from the first riffs of &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; it absorbs you and does not let you go until the end, leaving you with a wonderful feeling of hearing some of the best music ever made. Some of the songs sound to me quite mellow compared to the usual Maiden style, especially &quot;Blood Brothers&quot; and &quot;Dream Of Mirrors&quot; for some reason remind me of Deep Purple. The title cut &quot;Brave New World&quot; is an awesome musical piece talking about the main character of Aldous Huxley's infamous book, from which the song (and the album) takes it's name.<br />The album is a must-have for any Maiden fan, metalhead or anyone who enjoys good music.
158234082X|5.0|This book should be required reading at every culinary school in America. It should be the book you bring as a hostess gift when your friend (who's a fabulous chef) has another dinner party but won't stop talking about how, someday, she wants to open 'a little restaurant.' In short, it is 100% the real deal when it comes to what it's like to be a professional chef. It captures the excitement, the misery, the pain, the anger, the pride and the abuse that is part and parcel of cooking in a restaurant. As a pro-chef-turned-pro-writer, it is the book that I always wanted to write but never did because, frankly, I wasn't in the life long enough to do it justice. In that short period, I had a freakish ascent from prep cook to bistro sous chef (and w/out the benefit of cooking school). During that time, I witnessed everything that Bourdain writes about - and quickly realized that I didn't love the world of 24/7 back-breaking work in someone else's restaurant to make it my calling. And as for the idea of opening my own place - as Bourdain himself said in a recent online chat, 'NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER.' Not only do 80% of restaurants die a horrible death within 5 years of opening, but those that survive extract an incredible toll on their owners. (You've got to be a little of a masochist to be chef, but you are a victim of psychosis if you become a chef-owner.) Bourdain is justifiably proud of his current post as a journeyman chef as NYC's Brasserie Les Halles, but I think he should be even prouder that he managed to capture everything it means to be a chef in his first nonfiction book - something that The 'BAM!' Food Channel, with its dozens of programs, doesn't even begin to understand. Bravo, chef!<br />PS: Bourdain advises that the quickest way to find out if you *really* want to be a chef is to become a restaurant's dishwasher for six months. And he's absolutely right.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|The 90s have been a rather sad decade for Metal and Rock in general - rap, pop and boy bands have dominated the scene with the new style of rap-metal coming out - the type of music that I, and most classic-metal fans that I know definetely do not like. And now in the year 2000 we see a large number of awesome records being put out by some of the best metal artists of all time. Out of all of them the best one is clearly &quot;Brave New World&quot;. The album is fresh and yet has the feel of classic Maiden. Starting from the first riffs of &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; it absorbs you and does not let you go until the end, leaving you with a wonderful feeling of hearing some of the best music ever made. Some of the songs sound to me quite mellow compared to the usual Maiden style, especially &quot;Blood Brothers&quot; and &quot;Dream Of Mirrors&quot; for some reason remind me of Deep Purple.<br />The album is a must-have for any Maiden fan, metalhead or anyone who enjoys good music.
0790734850|5.0|It is me, Jabba The Hut, and I'm here to review this wonderful film I just saw the other night in my palace.  The character development in this film was absolutely top-notch.  I enjoyed the somewhat polar-opposite personalities of Bud White (Russell Crowe) and Ed Exley (Guy Pierce), and how they reacted to each other like oil and water (for those who have not taken chemistry class in high school, oil and water do not mix, thus explaining my analogy).  Ed was the smart one (somewhat of a pacifist) and Bud was the strong one (seen as a mindless thug).  Both characters had flawed personalities, giving them a more realistic feel.  And when the two finally joined forces,  it gave me the impression that there had never been a better duo in the history of...of duos, since Batman and Robin (which pale in comparison).  <br />I have to admit, the first time I saw the movie, I didn't pay too much attention and thought that it was just a waste of time.  But after watching it the second time around, I realized a multilayered story, waiting to be peeled with my Jabba-like paws, with its prized core, ready to be exposed to all intellectuals.  I couldn't help but congratulate myself for understanding this movie.  I treated myself to a feeding of two frogs, instead of the regular one.
B00003CWTI|3.0|I had great expectations that this movie didn't meet at all! The stories are powerful and the cast is formidable.  To its credit, the movie was able to capture me for its entire 3 hours lenght.  The film starts with this long narration about bizarre coincidences that tie people together, inexplicably.  For example, arrows are drawn on the screen to show how a guy jumps off a ten story building and gets shot through a window by his own mother which was pointing the gun at his father, gun that was kept unloaded until he (the son) thought of a brilliant way to rid himself of the litigious parents.  The arrows accompany the now dead body in its fall that ends into a safety net installed by some windows cleaners days before.  Such starting sequences set a very particular stage on which a great number of themes and stories unfold.  All of the characters in the movie are related by either blood, working relationship, or friendship.  However, none of their stories are intertwined like the beginning of the movie suggests they would be and, there is no gran finale to bring everything together, so all of the introductory part about coincidences becomes pointless and annoying in retrospect.  The movie would have been much better if that whole part was edited out.  The way in which the plot falls apart toward the end suggests that the writers and director had run out of creative juices and were looking for an easy way out, much like the spectator starts to feel the urge for a way out of the chair and into the closest restroom.  Most themes are left hanging and never explored in any satisfactory detail.  The parallel stories that should converge into a single unified end, as hinted from the start of the film, come to an abrupt finish and fall flat to the ground, like toads from the sky.  I was left thinking: have I been watching three hours for this?
6304066147|5.0|A few years ago I watched this program by accident,sine I had  become an enthusiastic trekker! A memorable work for me.
0792846710|5.0|What a great movie.  It is so stupid, you have to love it.  And it grows on you more and more everytime you see it.  Rent it, buy it, pop some popcorn with your friends and laugh your head off.  Its a winner.
B000002B7S|4.0|This album has several great things about it.  First, the songs &quot;Waiting for darkness&quot; and &quot;Bark at the Moon&quot; are some of the best of eighties hard rock.  Also, though not as great as Rhodes, Jake E. Lee can pump your heart like any of the great rockers.  What is missing from the album is Ozzy's total range as a vocalist.  The upper range is not used nearly as much as previous or follow up albums.  Still, this album is pretty much better than most early eighties albums and and is a must for all hard rock/metal fans.
B00004XPQM|1.0|What never ceases to amaze me was that people criticized Ed Wood for years.  I mean, yeah he did use pie pans for flying saucers, but this joker actually paid tons of money for his special effects.  I will say this though, great acting job done by the local high school drama club-----NOT!!!  I think they could have done us and their careers a favor and stayed on the airplane and died.  From the desk of joe-blow Hollywood agent: Note to myself: Send young actors and actresses to acting class.
B000002B82|5.0|This is my favorite Ozzy album and I believe to be his most versatile.  Zakk Wylde is phenomenal as ususal, especially in the breaks on &quot;Desire&quot; and &quot;No More Tears&quot;.  Three of his greatest ballads, my favorite part of Ozzy music, are &quot;Momma I'm Coming Home, &quot;Time after Time&quot; and &quot;The Road to Nowhere&quot; appear on this album and are emotionally sung by Ozzy.  &quot;Hellraiser&quot; will make you want to jump over the empire state.  Quintessential Ozzy sounds also appear with &quot;Mr. Tinkertrain&quot; and &quot;I Don't Wanna Change the World&quot;.  This recording never gets old because of individuality of all the songs and is great album for beginning Ozzy fans.
0783243499|1.0|Gosh, what hype over a complete pile of garbage.  If it was supposed to be &quot;disturbing and dark,&quot; the director needs to get over himself.  David Lynch films, which are highly criticized at Amazon, are dark and disturbing.  This looks like something a hormonal 14 year old would put together.  The acting was terrible, except for the one shining moment of Reese Witherspoon's portrayal of Evelyn.  Oh, and for the comment on those &quot;people that expected it to be like SCREAM or something&quot;-- I despise Scream and those teeny bopper movies and this movie did NOTHING for me.  It seems as if it were some sort of &quot;message movie&quot; to warn against the dangers of capitalism.  The soundtrack was pretty good, but the problem is the best songs are not on the soundtrack.  Do yourself a favor, do not waste your money or time watching this film.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|An absolute travesty of history.  The representation of the US being the forces who captured the Enigma machine is a crass insult to the memories of those British servicemen and women who died in action and espionage attempts (and final success) in retrieving an Enigma. What will Hollywood produce next?  American scientists splitting the atom?  Maybe we could have the USAF winning the Battle of Britain against the Luftwaffe in 1940, years before the yanks even entered the war?  How about them sinking the Bismark?<br />This film is like England producing a film claiming to have landed the first men on the moon, or the hisory of the RAF ending the war in the Far East by bombing Hiroshima? or The Queens Household cavalry being the sole defenders of the Alamo?<br />A load of tosh and utter trite - typical gung-ho American jingoism.  Alhough the producers try and put the film in context in VERY SMALL PRINT AT THE END OF THE FILM, it still tries to show the events as being factual. Disgraceful - those remembered at Chicksands and Bletchley Park must be turning in their graves.
B00003CWTH|4.0|&quot;Magnolia&quot; looks and feels a lot like the movies &quot;Grand Canyon&quot; with Danny Glover and Kevin Kline and &quot;Falling Down&quot; with Michael Douglas as the laid-off engineer who flips out and goes on a rampage.  All three of these movies are set in Los Angeles.<br />     &quot;Magnolia&quot; is a good movie, however I do have a few arguments about it.  Intended or not, the writer/director of &quot;Magnolia&quot; portrays Anglo-Americans as being the only Americans who have serious morality issues to resolve.  The life experience of Black-Americans living in Los Angeles in this movie is wholly dismissed.<br />     This is symbolized in the movie when the writer/director reduces the little black kid in &quot;Magnolia&quot; to singing an incoherent rap song as the only way the kid can communicate to the white LA policeman about a crime the little black kid may know about.  Naturally, the white cop ignores the little kid.  Later, the same policeman does not pay much attention to a suspicious looking guy in a brown jacket running through heavy rain in the kid's neighborhood.<br />     If the black kid in this movie has anything to say, it just is not as critical to the white experience of life being represented in this movie.  Everyone should be aware by now that Hollywood has always relied on stereotypes to belittle the Black experience in America.  Why else would the writer/director have the little black kid sing a rap song to the white cop in an obvious reference to the days of Black vaudeville?<br />     Also, two of the African-Americans in this movie, of which there are only three (in Los Angeles?), are portrayed as disturbed or insignificant characters whose only refuge from a harsh life in LA is crime.  Witness the same little black kid later when he takes a load of cash from the Anglo woman's (Julianne Moore) purse after he finds her inside of her top-of-the-line Mercedes parked in the pouring rain unconscious from a drug overdose.  The otherAfrican-American character portrayed is a poor and obese woman who has a dead body in her closet and the other a dispassionate African-American female newscaster who is interviewing the character played by Tom Cruise.<br />     Of course, when the main characters in this movie, who are upper-class whites, have some major frustrations to express, it's okay for them to contort their faces and blow a gasket, curse at family and strangers in public or private, or steal money from their employer (and still have a conscience), or preach misogyny (without a conscience) to angry white men, as three of the main characters in this movie will do.<br />     If anything is being said in this movie, it is that some people who reside in Southern California are amoral and tend to lead grossly immoral lives and wallow in their guilt.  I just hope that the writer/director of &quot;Magnolia&quot; does not feel this way about all Americans.<br />     Finally, I have heard of frogs raining out of the sky, but not the five-pound bullfrogs shown in this movie.  They are the small ones you find in little ponds of water after a hard rain.
B00004T9UF|5.0|ok i think this album really opens the light on eminem. the lyrics may offend some people but hey the man's just saying what he feels. but anyway this album is really awesome. it has a good catchy beat and i listen to it over and over again. and they man has dope skills.
B00004RFFU|1.0|Come on people. This was a terrible movie. I bought the book but didn't read it, although, I could tell from just scanning over it that it was better than this piece of garbage. They eat rats, gross!  Not scary. Isn't that what a movie about vampires is supposed to be? Dark Shadows in the 60s was scarier than this piece of junk. I agree with whoever wrote the review about feeling sorry for them and yes we should feel sorry for them getting in this movie. ( ditto to whoever said this) I think the poeple that wrote such good reveiews were just dazzled by Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise's good looks. I think also the book was more gay oriented so if it had included that, none of these straight people would have written such great reviews and if there had been unknowns in this movie nobody would have cared about this movie. Brad Pitt's character is a little sympathetic and you do feel a little sorry for him Kristen Dunst does a great job in her role. Bottom line though, is the movie is long, boring, drags and does not keep you on the edge of your seat being scared. I used to have nightmares with Dark Shadows, the old 60s soap and this doesn' even come close. Try Silence of the Lambs if you want to be scared. True it's gross too, but there is suspense and story moves and the acting is great. Save your money with this one and watch Dark Shadows on the Sci-Fi station.
0385484518|4.0|By Emily Woolf    <br /> As I picked up &quot;Tuesday's With Morrie,&quot; I was doubtful I would finish the book with a positive attitude toward anything written by Mitch Album. The cover looked dull and boring so i went into the book with a bad feeling. Instead, left me considering my own life, and contemplating the lessons given by Morrie.  Tuesday's with Morrie was based around a heavy subject, and written as an account of the events. Death is the main subject of the book, but it isn't what the book is about. It is about the meaning of life and the importance of love, compassion, and understanding. As Morrie continuously says throughout the book, &quot;Love each other or die.&quot; Morrie's philosophy in life was to reach an understanding with himself and the world. To provide love and comfort for anyone who would take it. He continues to learn more and more about what life really is about as he becomes closer to his final day. The advice Morrie gives us, the reader, becomes more and more admirable as his days grow shorter.  This book focuses on a student of Morrie's (Morrie was a college professor), Mitch. Over the years, after Mitch has graduated and become a sports writer, a Nightline special is aired on tv. By chance Mitch is flipping through the channels and catches the few words, &quot;Who is Morrie Shwartz?...&quot; That was all it took after sixteen long years, for Mitch to go back to Morrie.   The reader acquires there life lessons through the conversations Mitch and Morrie have every Tuesday. They touch every subject any other person would have trouble talking about without any sense of embarrassment. Subjects that confuse people their whole lives such as death, love, money, the culture we live in, and forgiveness. Morrie's advice comes in different forms such as quotes from authors, poets, and personal experiences. As I was reading I came upon a piece of Morrie's advice that will stay in my head for a long time, &quot;When you learn how to die, you learn how to live.&quot;  It's as if our life long goal is summed up in one sentence. If we could accomplish this, I think everyone would have a more peaceful life and appreciate everything so much more. Morrie supplies everyone that has spoken to him, listened to him, read his thoughts through articles, books, or seen him on tv, with inspiration to achieve their highest goals. Isn't that what everyone wants? Someone to tell them that `they can do it!'?
0805062971|5.0|An incredible book.  It keeps the reader interested until the very end.  A phenominal read.
B0000035E7|5.0|Well, this cd shows the begining of nirvana, in the seattle days. Its PURE, totaly uncomercial, expresive, drastic, and loud. It can realy take you, i mean, nirvana is a music in which you realy get involved, kurdt wasnt pretending anything he said, he wrote his songs and sang with his soul, and in this cd you can notice this. The problem of this cd is that nirvana wasnt very.. shaped, and its kinda repetitive sometimes. But anyway, its one of the best cds
1852276843|4.0|I read this book more like a novel than like a bussiness story. Richard Branson is hilarious!! He describes bouth how he has succeded and how he has failed in some bussinesess. He shows us how he was about to go bankrupt a few times. He is definitly a man with a lot of courage. His bussiness with fun aproach is great.<br />He also lets the reader know how important his family has been to support him.
B000003TAR|5.0|Well.. this is a difficult to understand abum at the begining if you started by nevermind, its a very pure album, very shaped (i think the explicit lyrics thing come only from, &quot;my heart is broke, but i have some glue, help my inhale&quot;)
B00003CX8I|5.0|I was blown away by the movie as a whole.  The special effects were superb, the actors did a very good job portraying their characters, and the plot was great. This is one person who is getting this on tape right away!
B0000067L3|4.0|Cream consisted of three of the most talented musicians in the world in the late 60's.  Clapton, Bruce and Baker  all came from jazz/blues backgrounds and they added a rock twist on their tunes that made their music shimmer.  This is  best portrayed on Wheels of Fire. The album opens with the hit White Room.  While similar to  Tales of Brave Ulysses, Clapton fires the song into sonic brilliance with the final one minute solo.  Bruce's vocals  and Baker's steady beat are also wonderful.<br />Sitting on Top of the World is a great slow, Howlin Wolf blues song.  The trio cover it quite capably. And here is where the album loses a star:   Passing the Time and As you Said are the biggest duds on the album.  Thrown together haphazardly, they don't sound like Cream at all.  Pressed Rat and Warthog, while revealing Cream's witty side, is ok, but it isn't what you buy the album for.  Those Were the Days is mediocre and sounds like a leftover from Disraeli Gears.     Mixed in is Politician which is Cream's own blues song and it comes off quite well, led by Bruce's vocals.   Born Under a Bad Sign is a classic cover of the blues.  Just listen to Clapton and you'll understand why. The studio album ends with Deserted Cities of the Heart.  While not a hit, I think it is the most underrated song on the album.  Clapton's fuzzy solo and Bruce's terrific delivery carry the song. The live side burns.  Each member has their own little piece of art:  Clapton has his magnum opus Crossroads, Bruce the frenzied harmonica on Traintime, and Baker on the thumping Toad.  While all of these tracks are terrific, the band reaches god-like status with the epic Spoonful.  This is Cream at it's creative best, and while most see this as self-indulgent and showing off, it ain't showing off if you can do it.  Right????? Overall, the album is terrific, despite the rocks in the middle of the studio album.  This is Cream at it's creative peake and I recommend it highly.
6303407188|5.0|Ed Wood is perhaps the most misunderstood and just plain odd films of Tim's career. It is a comedic look at the life of the man who's become oficially known as the Worst Director Ever, Edward D. Wood jr. We follow Ed from the debut of his play &quot;the Casual Company&quot;, which although touted for it's realistic costumes (he got them from army surplus, so the story goes) was a horrible bomb. Never being done in by debt, flopish movies or low morale, Ed's love for angora and womens' underwear saw him through many a hard days night. The Casual Company really set the tone for Ed's film career, as he wrote, produced and directed (like some sort of mutated Orson Welles, Ed's idol) several hollywood low-budget bombs. His &quot;big break&quot; comes when he meets an aging and heroin addicted Bela Lugosi who he becomes fast friends with. Through many trials and trbulations, Ed somehow finds a way to get his work finished, even by getting a baptist church to fund a film about grave robbing! Sure it meant having all his friends baptised in a swimming pool, but he -did- get it done. Johnny Depp plays Ed Wood to a T, once again transforming himself completly into the role. To watch Depp in Edward Scissorhands, then Ed Wood will really give you a feel for how great an actor he is. Lisa Marie plays the sultry latenight monster movie television show host Vampira, whom Ed pursues to be in his movies for some time before she finally relents (due to her being fired). Martin Landau's protrayal of an aging Lugosi is spellbinding, one of the best of his career. Perhaps it is poetic justice in some way, that Ed Wood is one of Burton's worst grossing films. I'm sure Ed would approve.
1885283148|5.0|Of all the books on Apollo written by the astronauts this is the best. The author treats his story with candour and a good degree of self-effacing humour. He really conveys the feeling of being on the spacecraft with him and explains technical issues well. <br />Mike Collins comes across as the astronaut you'd most like to meet in the bar. An excellent book.
0767812387|4.0|While its' premise can be a bit boring at times, &quot;Dance With Me&quot; is an entertaining film that will give the viewers a glimpse of the competitive world of ballroom dancing. Making his American feature film debut is Puerto Rican singing superstar Chayanne, whose previous claim to fame has been his successful recording career in the Spanish-speaking world. While Chayanne has acted in only one movie prior to &quot;Dance With Me&quot; (the 1994 Puerto Rican film &quot;Linda Sara,&quot; which co-starred Dayanara Torres, a former Miss Universe who is now married to Latin singing-superstar Mark Anthony) his role as Rafael, a recent Cuban emigre in Texas is somewhat believable. He doesn't possess the accent or the personality of a native Cuban, and I don't understand why the producers didn't make his character Puerto Rican instead.<br />Vanessa L. Williams is wonderful as usual, and her dancing will blow you away. Both her and Chayanne add sex appeal and passion to this somewhat slow, sometimes sappy film. Kris Kristofferson is great as Rafael's father, however I did feel that Joan Plowright's character was out of place. The film does convey a Latin feel to it, and the film's soundtrack will validate this as many Latino singer stars such as Gloria Estefan and Thalia lend their musical talents to it. <br />It was an added bonus to see both singing superstars Albita and the DLG perform live in the film. Albita, Cuba's hottest export in recent years, mixes her usual blend of salsa with traditional Cuban rhythms. DLG, the Puerto Rican-Dominican salsa group are also incredible, and their performances are an added bonus in this film.<br />Director Randa Hines (&quot;Children of a Lesser God&quot;) does a great job in keeping the cast and story together. as the pride of San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico, Chayanne can rest assure that he will have a bright career ahead of him due to his good looks and personality (he is already the official spokesperson for the Puerto Rico's Tourism). Vanessa Williams will blow you away with her dancing, and the film will give you a craving for Latin music and dancing.  An excellent film for anyone wanting to explore Latin music and dancing.
B000005J56|5.0|I have been listening to myBuena Vista Social club CD everyday for about 2 years, I have given it as a gift to many people, the result? They all love it. This album is such a gem you don't have to understand spanish to love it, (no wonder why at the sold out concerts by their members over half of the fans don't speak spanish) anyhow, the performances by these great musicians deliver a brilliant performance. The only thing that I am not happy about is that some of the musicians were not given the credit they deserve, for exmaple the great trombone player and band leader (as seen on the movie) Jesus &quot;Aguaje&quot; Ramos was not mentioned instead Ry Cooder's son Joachim was, but well, listen to the record and watch the movie for yourself and you will give the musicians the credit they deserve.
B00004X01U|2.0|Um, ok.  When I first heard the song Music, I was really eager to get her new cd.  I bought it and when I got it home and listened to it, I was soooooooo disappointed.  I am not trying to trash Madonna at all because I love her, but this cd was not her best.  Acutally, it was worse than Ray Of Light and I didn't really care for that one either.  I think Madonna was her best when THe Immaculate Collection and Erotica came out.  She looked fabulous then.  She looks good still now, but man, she needs some better material.  I did like Music, and Impressive Instant.  The rest is really just not that good.  Spend your money on a worthy Madonna cd like Erotica.
0441003257|5.0|Bad news. The Apocalypse is coming. Soon. Luckily, Heaven and Hell have left the business with the Anti-Christ in the hands of Crowley and Aziraphale, demon and angel respectively. Now they have misplaced the Anti-Christ and pretty much decided they really like humanity a lot more than their either of their bosses.<br />In the first edition, the full title of this book was &quot;The Nice &amp; Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch.&quot; &quot;Nice,&quot; in this context, meaning precisely correct. Agnes saw it all coming, from her being burned alive as a witch to the air force base where Armageddon will begin (&quot;Peas is our professiune.&quot;). Agnes, her descendant, Anathema, the Four Horseman - Horsepersons - and the Other Four Horseman (a different chapter of Hell's Angels); it all comes together with the serried ranks of angels and demons gathered overhead.<br />Yes, this is an hysterically funny book. A satire and a parody, it lampoons everything in sight. From Elvis sightings to televangelists to the destruction of all intelligent life (&quot;nothing left but dust and fundamentalists.&quot;), little escapes the scathing wit of Gaiman and Pratchett.<br />Of course the demon, Crowley, drives a 1926 Bentley. Of course any tape left in its glove box for more than two weeks turns into something by Queen. Of course the flaming sword used by War is delivered to her by International Express.<br />And what happens to the telephone solicitor, Lisa Morrow? Come on now, you secretly thought all telephone solicitors deserved it, right?<br />In the tradition of Jonathan Swift and Mark Twain, the satire makes a point. That point may be unpalatable to the religiously inflexible, or to those whose sense of righteousness hampers their sense of humor. Critics of Swift and Twain would find much to criticize in Good Omens. But Pratchett and Gaiman demonstrate that we don't need Heaven or Hell to have Good and Evil in the world; we have all we need in ourselves. It's the humanity of Adam Young, the Adversary, the Angel of the Bottomless Pit, etc., it's his human-ness that ultimately makes all the difference.<br />Don't read this book in bed; you'll keep your spouse awake, laughing out loud. But there's nothing else bad that can be said about it. Ineffability may be beyond our understanding, but humor, even humor in the face of the End of the World, we can understand.<br />Try this book. I will predict, with Agnes, you'll like it.he humanity of Adam Young, the Adversary, the Angel of the Bottomless Pit, etc., it's his human-ness that ultimately makes all the difference.<br />Don't read this book in bed; you'll keep your spouse awake, laughing out loud. But there's nothing else bad that can be said about it. Ineffability may be beyond our understanding, but humor, even humor in the face of the End of the World, we can understand.<br />Try this book. I will predict, with Agnes, you'll like it.
B000002LKU|5.0|I picked this one up about 6 years ago.  Didn't really like it all that much at first, but it has really grown on me.  It's a good listen all the way through.  Highlights include Railroad Worksong, Run Me Down, Will You Miss Me, Bewildered, and Your Own Sweet Way.  Really not a bad egg in the bunch, though.<br />This album was released around the same time as Neck &amp; Neck with Chet Atkins, another gem.  I like this one better though.<br />If you are looking for a Dire Straits album, this isn't it.  This is a good one to take a chance on, though, if you are looking to expand your horizons.<br />If you ARE looking for a Dire Straits album, try MK's new release:  Sailing to Philadelphia.  'What it is' rocks!
0440211727|5.0|This book was so much better than the movie.  I read the book and was just absolutely in awe and couldn't wait to see the movie.  The movie was disappointing in my opinion.  The book is so much more discriptive than the movie.  The book goes into character development and there are so many memorable moments that were left out of the movie.  I would recommend this book to anyone, but I would warn future readers that there are a lot of racial references in the book and could be offensive to some people.  It was a great book and John Grisham tells the story wonderfully.
0783246641|1.0|Avoid this film if possible! The only thing I liked was the male nude scenes. It was quite a bad film :(
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is one of the best animes, no, one of the best single movies I've ever seen.  While this is NOT a children's movie, it is pure magic. Note: This is a wonderful movie, but it is also VERY violent at times!  Not at all for the youngsters!
B000035P5E|5.0|Sutherland and Nelligan are brilliant, in this old favorite of mine. It's the kind of classic spy movie you never get tired of. However, I think you probably need to be familiar with the movie already, in order to really appreciate it. -By that I mean, its pace might actually be a little too slow for someone watching it now for the first time. But this of course happens to be one of the many good things about it; it takes the time it needs to tell the story, establish the mood and the cold persona of the ruthless &quot;Needle&quot;. (It's quite sad to think just how much most certainly would've been considered a waste of time, and ended up on the cutting-room floor if made today.) The picture on the DVD is quite good and sharp most of the time, especially the outdoor-scenes at daytime. By the way, there's an alternative ending of the movie in existence (with cop Bannen arriving by helicopter), and it would've been nice if MGM had included it as an extra bonus treat. Still, this simple tale is a true classic and well-worth getting.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Don't get me wrong, Eminem's music is unique.  Rap may not be my favorite kind of music, but his music can turn all people that think rap is homo into it.  His music is catchy, and funny at some points...  In a sick way.  This CD has no songs that are below 3 stars, and Slim Shady is awesome.  The only reason I gave him 4 stars is because of his lyrics.  Although they are funny in a way, they are just too... hard for some people.  The songs are great, but his lyrics can be irritating.  Not enough to make you throw the CD down and step on it but irritating enough for you to turn off the CD when parents or other people come home.  ...t be held responsible  for murders just for writing a song. He points out how disturbing it can be  to have a crazed fan on your ass. He casually flips everyone the bird and  sarcastically points out that he must be a criminal just for speaking his  mind.  This is a great album. Mr Mathers, I wish I could shake your hand  &amp; tell you how great you are.  If you don't like this album or Eminem,  do the chorus from &quot;Under The Influence&quot; on me.... Daniel  &quot;Silvio&quot; Conway.
B000002HJD|1.0|The Doors are a clasic great rock 'n' roll band, you would expect more from them...mostly more singing. Most of the songs on this realy aren't songs! Just a warning, don't wast your money.
630588255X|5.0|This, along with Casablanca, Citizen Kane, The Graduate, and The Hustler (and, guilty pleasure: Repo Man), is a movie I can watch over and over, and enjoy more with each screening.  As others have commented, there are so many  unforgettable lines and retinally-etched scenes: &quot;I love people, they're my species&quot;, &quot;Harold!, that was your last date!&quot;, the priest, the forearm, the wooden sculpture, and yes, the smiles.  Maude's magnificent ability to enjoy life is a model and a treasure.  I have shared this movie with my older daughter and her friends, and they love it, too.  See it over and over again, and refresh your desire and ability to love and to laugh.
0394810112|5.0|Roald Dahl was, by all accounts, a terrible human being.  But he's also the author of several marvelous  books for kids, some good creepy short stories for adults and a couple really good memoirs.  He is best  known for his great children's book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory made iconic by the classic  schlocky movie version, Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.<br />This is another one of those classics that has become so familiar that it is perhaps easy to lose sight of  its pretty stern moral tone.  In addition to being generally obnoxious, all four of the other kids  represent some bad habit of children:<br />  Augustus Gloomp: gluttony  Verucka Salt: avarice and greed  Violet Beauregarde: gum chewing  Mike Teavee:  excess television viewing<br />The obnoxious children come to various horrible ends, each in keeping with his or her particular vice.  Meanwhile, it is the good child, Charlie Bucket, who is chosen to take over Wonka's business.<br />A very funny book that teaches simple yet valuable lessons.<br />GRADE: A
B000035P5E|5.0|Sutherland and Nelligan are brilliant, in this old favorite of mine. It's the kind of classic spy movie you never get tired of. However, I think you probably need to be familiar with the movie already, in order to really appreciate it. -By that I mean, its pace might actually be a little too slow for someone watching it now for the first time. But this of course happens to be one of the many good things about it; it takes the time it needs to tell the story, establish the mood and the cold persona of the ruthless &quot;Needle&quot;. (It's quite sad to think just how much most certainly would've been considered a waste of time, and ended up on the cutting-room floor if made today.) The picture on the DVD is quite good and sharp most of the time, especially the outdoor-scenes at daytime. By the way, there's an aternative ending of the movie in existence (with cop Bannen arriving by helicopter), and it would've been nice if MGM had included it as an extra bonus treat. Still, this simple tale is a true classic and well-worth getting.
6305014140|5.0|Well, what can I say from the begining you can tell that jubei is the coolest, and best, character ever.<br />First he gives you the feel of a heartles, rouge mercenery,  then when the story unfolds, his character developes, to be a deep, thoughtful, and loving.<br />The story is just great, and the action fantastic, I can recomend it, for any one, first timers or not. unbelivable swordplay, and great story with a touch of the superpowerd.<br />5 stars just makes it a MUST.
B0000024RZ|4.0|This is Dylan's one and only 100% protest album: ten angry songs pointing the finger at the establishment and the ills of society. Several are immediately memorable including a nostalgic look at the past (One Too Many Mornings), a lonesome farewell to my love (Boots Of Spanish Leather), and the tragic death of Hattie Carroll (The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll). The message of `The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll' is reinforced with a chorus that, each time repeated, becomes more powerful. The album has a weary sameness: same tempo, same key, same melody. Political protest doesn't stand well with the test of time, because \\"the times they are a-changin.\\" A sign reading \\"The Times They Are A-Changin\\" looks quaint at a left-wing rally, but it is a dumb song. Ask you dad, your grandfather, your great grandfather: the times all always a-changin.' Dylan sticks his feet in a bucket of commie-loving cement, and his politics sound dated.<br />By 1964, two factors should be clear concerning Bob Dylan. One, he's a \\"thinking man's artist.\\" And two, is his \\"holier than thou\\" attitude. Of all the times he throws stones at hypocrites, and bellyaches about injustice, he never once examine's himself. Tell me one song where Dylan turns his spit and venom inward. Bob Dylan often reminds me of a bible thumping television evangelist: condemning the sins of others while never accounting for his own.
6304795254|5.0|I loved this movie, great suspence, great direction and cinemathography, lots of twists and turns, great performances all around but most of all it has this ability of keeping you glued to the screen as in all of Finchers movies. <br />David Ficher is one of the best directors right now, he proved it once with Seven, with this film and Fight Club, the man is pure geneous. <br />I have seen bad endings that almost ruined the movie for me but this is definitely NOT one of them. The movie would never have worked without it. The ending was GREAT, the best part of the movie.
0060977493|3.0|I'm deeply ambivalent about this one.  First off, I think Ms Roy has very nearly struck the perfect  balance between the traditional English that Indians, raised on Dickens and Trollope and company, had  imposed on them and the sing song pidgin rhythms of India, which Rushdie has rendered so  annoyingly.  At times the repetitions and sentence fragments and other affectations become more of a  hindrance than a benefit, but it seems that some Indian writers feel compelled to write in this sort of  native style, and if it is inevitable, then better Roy's fairly controlled method than Rushdie's  incomprehensible over-the-top method.<br />And I did enjoy the book to a degree.  The story of two twins who are separated for some mysterious  reason at an early age, with one of them falling completely silent, is handled almost like a mystery.  The story has a real narrative drive as the history of and reasons for these events unfolds.  But I've got  to admit, whatever the controversial politics of the novel are, they went right over my head.  I'm sure it  has to do with Imperialism, Marxism, Socialism, Christianity, Hinduism, etc., because they are all  mentioned a lot.  But I truthfully couldn't discern the deeper political messages of the novelist.  Perhaps  they are too parochial?<br />And when the book's mysteries are finally revealed, I just didn't think that the dark secrets at the heart  of the novel were of sufficient import to justify the portentous build up that they were given.  Then  again, I'm a chauvinist, xenophobic, insensitive jerk, so I'm willing to assume that part of the blame is  mine.  I certainly look forward to Ms Roy's subsequent efforts.<br />Grade: C+
6305750750|5.0|This movie is a great combination of action,a  great story line, and amazing special effects. I simply cannot understand how people don't like this movie. I'm looking foreward to the next two movies!
B00004X01U|5.0|YOU MUST GET THIS CD, it is the best cd I heard this year!!Madonna is so special because we can always count on her for a good time!! Its always fun to see what 'style' Madonna will have on each album, MUSIC has the style of a cowgirl and it fits perfect with this album. She is so &quot;amazing&quot;..and the music on this cd makes you go on a wild adventure and you never wanna return...THIS ALBUM IS THE ONE FOR YOU!!! Once you listen to it you can never stop..and thats the truth! Madonna has great lyrics as always and the cd TOTALLY ROCKS...MADONNA IS #1... Its time to BoOgIe WoOgIe..Dont you think?!.
B000003BF1|4.0|The great nine-song \\"Let it Bleed\\" begins with the foreboding (yet well- known) \\"Gimmie Shelter,\\" which is notable for the stirring and soulful vocals by Mary Clayton, and the solid drum work by Charlie Watts. The CD sleeve unabashedly proclaims \\"This Record Should be Played Loud,\\" and \\"Gimmie Shelter\\" is one song that benefits from high volume. Quickly, though, a formidable Stones mixture of blues and country kicks in on the tamer \\"Love in Vain,\\" with Mick Jagger's close vocals and a mandolin contribution from the great Ry Cooder.<br /><br />\\"Let it Bleed\\" offers something for everyone's musical taste. \\"Country Honk,\\" for instance, is a stripped down, countrylike version of \\"Honky Tonk Women;\\" such a song was destined to be played in this fashion, and what makes it work so well is the wonderfully shrill fiddle played by Byron Berline. \\"Live With Me\\" has a raunchy Stones sound that gets the album revved up again -- another song meant to be played loud and live. The title track has a feel-good, somewhat communal vibe to it, which may have been a popular sound at the time. The album stalls at the slow blues of \\"Midnight Rambler,\\" but check out Keith Richards' competant vocals on \\"You Got the Silver,\\" another country tune that the Stones loved doing back then.<br /><br />The superstar song on \\"Let it Bleed\\" is the awesome \\"Monkey Man,\\" a groovin' gem heard on the popular movie [[ASIN:0790729725 GoodFellas]], toward the end when the lead character is completely whacked out on drugs. Mick and Keith trade off sassy lyrics and guitar licks, respectively, as if it's second nature. Raunchy songs like \\"Monkey Man\\" display the Stones at their best back in the day: a crazy lifestyle, drug-prone lyrics, a messy and happily bleak attitude, a messy life. \\"I'm a monkey!\\" Jagger proudly and loudly bellows on the song, as if he's reached the apex of life's harsh ladder. \\"You Can't Always Get What You Want,\\" -- a huge tune by these guys -- quietly ends this terrific Stones album, but after following the boastful \\"Monkey Man,\\" which will continue to ring in your ears,\\" it seems a little washed out and slow, tired by comparison. Take the Stones advice, though: play it all loud!ng the boastful \\"Monkey Man,\\" which will continue to ring in your ears,\\" it seems a little washed out and slow, tired by comparison. Take the Stones advice, though: play it all loud!
0152465030|5.0|I wonder what commonality it was that lead several of the early aviators to be such great authors.  There's Beryl Markham's West With the Night, the various works of Saint Exupery and in  addition to the writings of Anne Morrow Lindbergh, the Lone Eagle himself, Charles Lindbergh, won  the Pulitzer for The Spirit of Saint Louis.  Certainly they had all lead fascinating and exciting lives, so  they had good material to work with when it came to autobiography and memoirs, but how then  explain the slight but enchanting fable of The Little Prince?<br />Saint Exupery's classic tale can be read on many levels and enjoyed by readers of any age.  He tells the  story of being stranded in the desert and meeting a tiny blond boy.  This Little Prince proceeds to tell  of his travels from planet to planet until he arrived on Earth and of what he has learned along the way.  The most important thing he reveals is a secret that was taught him by a fox that he tamed:<br />  And he went back to meet the fox.  &quot;Goodbye&quot; he said.<br />  &quot;Goodbye,&quot; said the fox.  &quot;And now here is my secret, a very simple secret:  It is only with the heart that one can see rightly;  what is essential is invisible to the eye.&quot;<br />  &quot;What is essential is invisible to the eye,&quot;  the little prince repeated,  so that he would be sure to remember.<br />  &quot;It is the time you have wasted for your rose  that makes your rose so important.<br />  &quot;It is the time I have wasted for my rose--  &quot;said the little prince  so he would be sure to remember.<br />  &quot;Men have forgotten this truth,&quot; said the fox.  &quot;But you must not forget it.  You become responsible, forever,  for what you have tamed.  You are responsible for your rose. . .&quot;<br />  &quot;I am responsible for my rose,&quot;  the little prince repeated,  so that he would be sure to remember.<br />This is the central lesson of the story--love and responsibility for one another.  And just as this is  essentially the message of Christ, from here on in the rest of the story is a fairly straightforward  Christian allegory.  As Saint-Exupery is dying of thirst, the Little Prince leads him to a well, the water  of which is uniquely refreshing.  Then the Little Prince announces that the time has come for him to go  away, that a snake will bite him and it will look like he is suffering greatly, but that he will live on in  Saint-Exupery's heart and mind and can never die.<br />Regardless of whether you read the story as simply a delightful children's fable or read it as an  existential or a Christian myth, or read it multiple times and find a different meaning each time, it is  endlessly rewarding and quite beautiful.  If you want an ideal introduction to the book, check out one  of the etexts online, they are excellent examples of the best aspects of the Web--presenting the entire  story (in various languages) and illustrations in lucid formats.<br />GRADE: A-.                          &quot;But you must not forget it.                          You become responsible, forever,                          for what you have tamed.                          You are responsible for your rose. . .&quot;<br />                         &quot;I am responsible for my rose,&quot;                          the little prince repeated,                         so that he would be sure to remember.<br />This is the central lesson of the story--love and responsibility for one another.  And just as this is  essentially the message of Christ, from here on in the rest of the story is a fairly straightforward  Christian allegory.  As Saint-Exupery is dying of thirst, the Little Prince leads him to a well, the water  of which is uniquely refreshing.  Then the Little Prince announces that the time has come for him to go  away, that a snake will bite him and it will look like he is suffering greatly, but that he will live on in  Saint-Exupery's heart and mind and can never die.<br />Regardless of whether you read the story as simply a delightful children's fable or read it as an  existential or a Christian myth, or read it multiple times and find a different meaning each time, it is  endlessly rewarding and quite beautiful.  If you want an ideal introduction to the book, check out one  of the etexts online, they are excellent examples of the best aspects of the Web--presenting the entire  story (in various languages) and illustrations in lucid formats.<br />GRADE: A-
B00000DHRX|5.0|George Michael's album, &quot;Ladies and Gentleman&quot; is an excellent compilation of his finest work.  The double disc set divides his songs into &quot;for the heart,&quot; and &quot;for the feet.&quot;  My personal favorite is the former, and in particular &quot;Jesus to a child,&quot; &quot;You have been loved,&quot; &quot;Heal the pain,&quot; &quot;Cowboys and Angels,&quot; and &quot;Praying for time,&quot; are beautiful tracks.  These are wonderful musical arrangements that exhibit George's talent in both writing and vocal arrangements.  This cd is for those of you who know good music and appreciate George's talent as an artist.  I cannot recommend it highly enough.
B00003CXGP|5.0|I was unable to make it beyond 50 pages in the incredibly grisly novel version of \\"American Psycho\\" written by Ellis.  However, my film group assured me that the movie version was an utter transformation of the novel and Christian Bale, as the lead, a major acting discovery.  The group was right. Rewritten with black humor at its core, this tale of the consummate yuppie of the 1980s, who is also a serial killer, held me spellbound, when I wasn't LOL.  Bale is also interviewed on the DVD version and you can barely tell he is the same person as the character he plays, Patrick Bateman.  This is not a mad-slasher film like \\"Nightmare On Elm Street\\".  So if you are looking for that kind of film, this will not fit the bill.  This is an exploration of the dark underside of a Harvard educated, privileged young CEO and his cohorts on Wall Street and the \\"horror\\" is how right the film feels. There is the issue raised of how real Bateman's murders are versus a complete breakdown of his psyche taking place instead.  However, this becomes one of the interesting points to debate after seeing this film and is not easily answered.  I'm keeping my eye peeled for the next film Christian Bale makes as he is an actor who could do marvelous work in the years ahead.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00000G6KG|5.0|Okay.  F-yeah...this is the sh--.  This is the album that single-handedly reinvigorated metal in 1986 after softsucks like Guns and Jovi started making their fey noise.  Twenty nine minutes of unrelenting but surprisingly intelligent music accelerated all the more by Tom Araya's new, crisp-minus-the-effect vocals.  Words cannot describe the reaction fans had to this during the 86-87 tour, except it made 'Tallica's Monster 'riot' look like Barney Goes To Camp.  Anyone into guitar, look this one up and learn...
0679640304|5.0|A surprise awaits Roland Michell, a postdoctoral research assistant studying Randolph Henry Ash , as  he opens the Victorian poet's personal copy of Giambattista Vico's Principi di una Scienza Nuova in the  Reading Room of the London Library.  The book, apparently untouched since Ash's death, contains  numerous marginalia and personal papers, including two drafts of letters to an unnamed woman whom  the poet met at a breakfast in the 1850's.  Acting on impulse, Roland swipes the letters and embarks on  a quest to determine the identity of the intended recipient and to explore the ramifications of the  correspondence.  He determines that the object of Ash's interest was the fairly minor poetess Christabel  La Motte and, with the help of the beautiful but icy LaMotte scholar Maud Bailey, reconstructs the  relationship between the two--a relationship with ground shaking import for the understanding of both  authors' works.  Meanwhile, several more esteemed and powerful academics get wind of their search  and the quest turns into a race.  Along the way Roland and Maud peel back the further details of an  18th century love affair like the layers of an onion, and fall in love themselves.  Ultimately, the final  revelations about the lives of the poets are unveiled in a drawing room scene straight out of a British  mystery.<br />Byatt mixes thinly veiled references to historical figures (Ash is Robert Browning; LaMotte is Christina  Rosetti), literary forms (narrative, letters &amp; poetry), and genres (criticism, thriller, detective story,  quest, etc.) to create an entrancing novel of ideas.  Reminiscent of books like Josephine Tey's Daughter  of Time, Umberto Eco's Name of the Rose (whose influence she acknowledges),  and Julian Barnes's Flaubert's Parrot, she shows that the life of the mind can be thrilling and that a  literary mystery can be just as gripping as a noirish melodrama.<br />One caution: over the years, I've given this book to half a dozen people and I don't think a single one  of them finished it; I'm certain none of them much liked it.  I think the reason is that you can get  bogged down if you take the Victorian storyline too seriously.  It seems pretty clear that much of the  stuff on arcane points of interpretation and scholarly criticism is meant to be parody, not gospel.  It's  also easy to get lost in the poetry and the letters, with all their imagery and allusions; but keep in mind  that they are essentially McGuffins, meant to advance the plot, not an integral part of it themselves.  Byatt was quite consciously trying to write a novel that would be fun; it should be read for enjoyment,  not for talmudic effect.  At any rate, it's one of my favorite novels, and if you approach it like an arty  version of the Maltese Falcon, you'll love it too.<br />GRADE: A+n't think a single one  of them finished it; I'm certain none of them much liked it.  I think the reason is that you can get  bogged down if you take the Victorian storyline too seriously.  It seems pretty clear that much of the  stuff on arcane points of interpretation and scholarly criticism is meant to be parody, not gospel.    It's  also easy to get lost in the poetry and the letters, with all their imagery and allusions; but keep in mind  that they are essentially McGuffins, meant to advance the plot, not an integral part of it themselves.   Byatt was quite consciously trying to write a novel that would be fun; it should be read for enjoyment,  not for talmudic effect.  At any rate, it's one of my favorite novels, and if you approach it like an arty  version of the Maltese Falcon, you'll love it too.<br />GRADE: A+
031286504X|4.0|What's particular interesting in this book is the way how vampires are represented. Richard Matheson found an interesting way to write a creative story involving classic figures, the vampires. If you think that this book will contain the same old way to write a vampire story, you are wrong!!  The main character takes you into a desperate world, trying to survive at all costs.The book is completly involving and it's worth to give a look at it!
B000005J56|5.0|My husband and I had heard that the documentary \\"Buena Vista Social Club\\" was a must-see.  We did watch it twice and enjoyed it thoroughly.  However, the version I felt I must own was the CD of the music, which I did buy.  I know very little about Latin or Cuban music.  My one prior exposure was to the soundtrack of \\"Mambo Kings\\", which I also enjoy.  This is an absolutely beautiful album.  It is very lush and romantic and very easy to listen to, again and again.  There is a beautiful thick booklet included with the CD which was a very nice bonus. There is nothing strident or loud about this Cuban album either, if anyone assumes (incorrectly) that is what Cuban music must be.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00003CWL6|1.0|This is a film for people with short attention spans.  It presents a number of dramatic subplots and eccentric characters that all add up to nothing.  The love story is what kills the film because the kid with the camera, whatever his name is, is so  boring and pretentious it almost made me sick to watch him act.   I realize this is an unintelligent review, but I think it is only appropriate that a review for this overblown piece of trash should be unintelligent.  Okay so the kid loves his father who is a racist, violent loser, and the kid loves a girl and ignores all other girls, and he is perfect, and he knows everything.  They should have called this movie &quot;Jesus Christ in Suburbia&quot;.  Middle  aged men will love the character of Kevin Spacey though and his pathetic attempts to break through the monotony of his life.  Hint:  Buying a car, exercising to improve looks, and not working...oh, and smoking marijuana...yeah, he's really correcting things by becoming more materialistic and more selfish.  Some people can afford to be heartless and greedy I guess.
630242335X|5.0|This is, by far, the best STAR TREK film to date, blending Science Fiction, Drama, Murder Mystery, and Shakespeare into a true masterpiece. The visual effects are some of the best the TREK films have to offer (coming off of the &quot;Ooh, look at the MODEL!&quot; visual effects of STAR TREK V: THE FINAL FRONTIER). The story line and plot are spectacular, and the battle scene at the end of the film is marvelous. STAR TREK fans and non-TREK- fans will love this breathtaking movie. Grade: A+
6301643410|4.0|this movie was incredible. michael douglas is at his best while andy garcia and ken takakura play amazing supporting roles. douglas plays a cop who is under heavy scrutiny from internal affairs and is getting investigated for possible money smuggling from a case he was head of in past years. the story starts out when douglas and garcia are eating lunch, the restaurant is then interrupted when the japanese mafia intervenes at the restaurant, killing people, and then garcia and douglas track down the head man.(Sato). douglas and garcia are informed that they must take sato back to japan for the japanese government to take care of him. upon arriving in japan, sato escapes and douglas refuses to leave japan without getting his man. this is an overlooked film of douglas' but it shouldnt be. this is one of his great films!
B000003KLM|5.0|Pretty mundane stuff from director Peter Hyams as usual. Mark Harmon plays an obnoxious San Francisco police detective who investigates a murder that took place on local military base, and goes head to head with an old army bureaucrat, the presidio's chief provost, unconvincingly played by Sean Connery. Strictly Hyams' usual uninspired formula is at work here. It is still interesting to watch Connery in a role that he is totally miscast and see just how he approaches this character. Bruce Broughton's score is not bad.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Any serious DVD fan must own a copy of this disk. Along with 3 versions of the film you get countless &quot;making offs&quot;, pages of production notes with interesting information, and trailers showing how the film was marketted in several stages to avoid giving the fact of Arnie was in fact a good guy. There is also a rather nifty THX trailer which all adds up to the make this the best DVD on the market. And it all comes complete with a swanky metal collectors case. Forget Men In Black, this is the one to own.
6303201997|3.0|This is, by far, the worst STAR TREK film ever released. Shatner was trying to be Leonard Nimoy, and fell flat on his face. The story seems mumble jumbled at times, and the visual effects are less than enthusiastic. But still, the character development and the battle scenes were great. The idea Kirk and company battling God was crazy (My entire family agrees that they were not fighting God FOR REAL. What they were fighting against was a demon who had tried to take control of Heaven from God, and God banished him to the planet Sha'Ka'Re, creating the Great Barrier around the planet to keep him from getting out. And, like all demons [and Satan himself], he tried to make everybody think that he WAS God.). The plot was fair, and the scene where the shuttle craft flies manually into the shuttlecraft hangar aboard the Enterprise (and crashing into the net) has got to be the best visual effect of the entire movie. STAR TREK fans will enjoy this a little bit, but not much. Grade: B-
0375501851|5.0|Twenty four year old Zadie Smith has written a wonderfully self assured, hilarious first novel. Spanning a 45 years friendship between Samad Iqbal, a Muslin Bengali and Archie Jones, a Brit with suicidal tendencies she had created characters and situations both original and familiar.  Archie marries a nineteen year old toothless Jamaican named Clara, while Samad begins his married life in a prearranged union with the short tempered Alsana.  Their lives and subsequent children's lives beome the centerpiece of the book, with Smith smoothly handling ideas of race, religion, faith, destiny, and how history manages to repeat itself. Her writing style, and the ample amounts of humor she creates through her richly drawn characters is very reminiscent of two of my favorite authors; John Irving and Charles Dickens. More than once I was reminded of Irving's 'Son of the Circus' and if like me you're a fan of his, you'll probably enjoy this as well.
B00003CXAR|5.0|1975 classic with extra treats.......I love sharks and Jon Williams. I'm not sure why more than one of these were made but oh well. I will never grow tired of this film.
0780629450|5.0|Never before has a Shakespeare play been brought to the big screen like HAMLET in its entirety. And for a film based on a Shakespeare play, it is pretty fast paced. Kenneth Branagh gives an out-of-this-world performance as the Prince of Denmark. And moving it to the latter half of the nineteenth century did not ruin the play at all. The supporting actors (Derek Jacobi, Kate Winslet, Julie Christie, Billy Crystal, Gerard Depardieu, Brian Blessed, Robin Williams, and Charlton Heston) give some of their best performances to date. The sets are stunning, absolutely stunning. It is a movie that proves that Kenneth Branagh is one of the greatest directors of our time. He can take something like Shakespeare, and mold it into something that everybody can enjoy, while not ruining the work that was originally done upon the story. I recommend this film to all Shakespeare lovers! It will surely make you laugh, cry, and cheer! Grade: A+
6301008944|5.0|I WISH YOU WOULD PUBLISH THIS MOVIE THIS MOVIE IS GREAT,FUNNY,GOOD FAMILY MOVIE IF IT WAS PUBLISHED AGAIN MY FRIENDS AND I WOULD BY THIS MOVIE WE HAVENT BOUGHT IT CAUSE YOU QUIT RELEASEING IT I AM SURE THERE ARE OTHER PEOPLE OUT THER THAT FEEL THE SAME WAY ABOUT IT TO. SO PLEASE RELEASE IT AGAIN. THANK YOU. AND ALSO ONCE IN WHILE SHOW IT ON TV TO
6305750750|5.0|I love the film. The soundtrack is a masterpiece, but what do you expect from John Williams? I loved everything about this movie except the computer Jabba. It's cool to mix the computer images with the costumes but they should've went oldschool with Jabba. I can't wait for the next 2 films!
0312955006|4.0|This is the third Connelly book I have read after Blood Work and Black Echo. Connelly's stories involve more than a great mystery which keeps you reading) but Harry Bosch is a very likeable character. I find him heroic but with many flaws. Because of this I want to read more stories about Harry Bosch.
6303109950|5.0|I'm not usually a big fan of westerns but this film is incredible! Val Kilmer shines on this one but the cast is great. We have a huge flat of Doc Holiday in our studio and even had it on stage during our first show together. Since then Doc Holiday's taken a shot from a drumstick but that's the price you pay for 161bpm.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. it is very high on &quot;the list.&quot;  Acting: Superb. I haven't seen this type of acting by two young people, that people don't like because they thing they're cocky, in all my life. Brad Pitt gives such a convincing performance as the do-anything leader of Fight Club, and Edward norton's character. Now Edward Norton, man, can you picture a better insomniac than him? I thought not. The acting is down right convincing and is helped by the unbelievable screenplay. <br />Plot: An insomniac is fed up with life and doesn't know how to live it. He try's social groups but they make it worse. Then he meets Tyler Durden and the fun begins to rip into your chest like you've never experienced. THey stard Fight Club, a way to get the pressures of life off your back. Then they take it a step further and, well, I shouldn't say more because of the ending. The ending will blow away your mind! It will not make sense at first but then you can see it.<br />With all this said, when I first saw this movie I was a little dissapointed. It was not what I expected. Then I saw it a second time and I was motionless. The hidden secrets in this movie are what caught me in. They are the reason that this movie is beyond your minds capacity. If you think you missed out on something, you did. So just watch it again and you will find it. It has so many interesting and provocative points on life, women, men, society, leaders, brothers, government, movies, homosexuality (this might take some time to figure out), heterosexuality, puberty in your 30's, and the list is endless. If you thought that those are some odd points, wait till you see the movie.<br />This film is dark and always in your face. It doesn't escape from you. it is almost as if you become Edward Norton's character. You begin to feel him and feel his emotions. A note to everyone: Go see this movie with an open mind. Then you will allow yourself to see the modern classic titles Fight Club.<br />I have always been pulled in by dark, controversial, disturbing, funny, and odd images. This movie has all of that in one. One may disagree with me on all of this becuase they missed the message that it was giving out. I can't say the message becuase it will give away the story. Another point is that this plot has so many stories hidden within the obvious that you will HAVE to see it again. <br />You should love this movie's forceful views on society. It shows this through hidden views. Ancient Greek Mythology must be read with the concept that one thing means another and that one thing is hiding behind another. This is what Fight Club is. It is a hidden masterpiece that will never cease to entertain the viewer.
B00003CWL5|5.0|I loved this movie. Everything fit together to the letter. This film gives you an idea of how many people's lives get away from them.
0316548189|5.0|Nelson's words create realistic pictures in your mind. As he is struggling, you feel as though you too are stuggling with him. When he is overjoyed, you are overjoyed, when he is locked in his jail cell, you feel as though you are with him. He draw's you in with the fine art of writing as no one has done before. Every sentence, paragraph and phrase is filled with description only to leave the reader in awe and amazement. Nelson allows us to take our lives into perspective. He asks us to understand a world that most of us know nothing about. This book will leave your mind in wonder and with more respect for Nelson Mandela than ever before.
6305657947|5.0|When I finished watching this film in the theater for the first time I wanted to stay right there and watch it again.Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo are great. Dennis Lewry was fantastic as was most of the cast. The soundtrack was interesting and the pace was perfect.
079073804X|5.0|heh  this movie made me not wanna have children, scared me half to death, i loved it...
6305903182|1.0|LEt me say this first, all critics and viewers who said this movie was actually good must be in need of nueral surgery right now.  Just like the Scream 2 this movie was retarded.  No Exception to Scream 2 the killer just popped out of no where, no one had a clue.  Why would the director of this movie be so stupid as to have the killer a character that was never introduced throughout the whole movie.  As for the people who liked the movie, I would personally like to hit you over the head with a 75 pound brick, maybe with the success of knocking at least some sence into your illigitamite teeny-bobber, crappy movie liking thick skulls.
0312954468|5.0|This was one of the best books I've read in 10 years. It was almost as if I were apart of the story. Could hardly put the book down. Highly recommemded.  Don't know if you could find a better book on the market today.
0449911357|4.0|It's too hard to follow the first time, even IF you've seen the movie, IMHO. And this makes it too hard to appreciate. <br />That's why I only give this four stars.  I like my books to be a little more organized than this.  But in every other way, the book is wonderful.  I love the characters, I love the way it touches on a number of contemporary issues without preaching, and the individual sections are well written.
6305657947|4.0|The chemistry between Rene Russo and Pierce Brosnan will take your breath away.  It is a constant cat and mouse game and with each pasing scene it gets better.  I would say this is one of the best &quot;heist&quot; movies I have ever seen.  Brosnan is an excellent actor and it especially shows in this movie.  I think this is better then anything he has done as James Bond.  However, this movie would not be as good as it is if it wasn't for Rene Russo's character.  She captivates you.  And it is great to see a woman close to the same age as her male conterpart.  I hope a sequel is on the way.
1573225517|3.0|High Fidelity is written entirely in the first narrative. As such the reader is embroiled with the thoughts, emotions and nuances of its protagonist, one Rob Fleming. At 35, Rob is clearly at the crossroads. An avid record enthusiast, he owns a none too successful second hand record store; his mother wonders when he will ever find a 'real' job. Laura, his partner of three years has just walked out on him. So what's a guy to do, he composes a top five list of his most memorable breakups. Analysing what he did wrong and asking himself are all relationships merely reoccurrences of earlier ones ?  <br />In short Rob comes across as a rather self indulgent lazy slacker, whiner or loser (take your pick) who would rather reorganise or recategorise his massive record collection then face up to his fear of intimacy and failure to commitment. Sounds familiar ?  Rob appeals to males over thirty as the  everyman one can identify with who has experienced all sorts of  situations, dilemmas and miscommunications with women.<br />High Fidelity ultimately is a novel about transition and redemption. Rob is a guy who has been undergoing a twenty year transition from adolescence to adulthood, something that does not sit well with him. He realises almost too late that relationships carry responsibilities and with that a certain level of maturity has to be attained. Love him or hate him with his incessant whining, endless top five lists and his inability to 'see the forest for the trees', Rob eventually earns our endearment. His one redeeming feature is his honesty about his faults. Yes he admits he has made mistakes and many of them, but he is learning perhaps ever so slowly and albeit the hard way.<br />The Verdict: High Fidelity is a good but not great (as the critics would have you believe) novel. However it is not just a book for guys. Women reading this book may gain some information in the way of the insights, secrets, obsessions etc into how males think and then again they may conclude we are all losers.  High Fidelity although certainly well written is essentially a narrative of observations coupled with humour and the occasional dose of wit without too much analysis. This coupled with Hornby's ability to relate and empathise with the reader is perhaps why he is so popular.
B00001NFCY|5.0|AMAZING!!!!!!!  This is one of my favorite cd's to listen to in the car.  Usually with most cd's I pick and choose the songs I like, but with Human Clay you just sit back and take in the sound.  And what a beautiful sound it is.  These four guys are very talented.  &quot;Wash Away Those Years&quot; took my breath away.  And &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; touch your soul.  Take a listen and you will see what I mean.
156895963X|5.0|Angela's Ashes is such a splendid work of literature, that one's eyes cannot belive what they have before them. A drizzly, dark lane, filled with the smell of coal, the wet, and, above all, the lavatory. You may think it was nasty, but, ah, this was only part of the early childhood of Mr. McCourt and his family. I, personaly, would give anything to live in Ireland, as it's history is such one that one can only stand on the shores of America and gaze over the Atlantic, dreaming of the goings on over in Ireland.
B00004KD1L|4.0|A few of these tracks have old jazz samples (At The River, Pre 63, Inside My Mind...) which will probably provoke instant comparisons with Moby's Play. It's not done quite as well as that, but then it's in a different style. &quot;At The River&quot; is my favourite. It's a beautiful track, and you can just feel the love coming out of the music. Other good tracks are No.'s 1, 3, 4, 8, and 12. I don't care for tracks 7, 10 and 11, because they tend to get a bit repetitive. Most of the tracks are long (Five, six, or seven minutes).<br />An innovative album, which is well worth buying.
B00003CXHJ|3.0|U-571 has tremendous special effects, but so do millions of other movies.  Know what else millions of other movies have? Weak plot, weak characterization, bad acting.  Know what U-571 has?  The same.  It's true this film is griping, and it does keep you on the edge of your seat, but other that than there's not much else going for it.  Like so many other movies U-571 relies on special effects to keep it afloat, which is why in the end it survived.<br />It was a good story, unfortunately they rushed to get it out, slapped in some dialoge, composited some special effects, and hired Bill Paxton. Fun to watch if you've got time to waste.
B00004RHZU|4.0|I was impressed by this funky debut from Pink. When purchasing it, I was just in the mood for something pop with some substance. Just tired of hearing the over played Britney and Nsync tunes but still wanting something fun what i got was something hot. Red hot. The major problem with today's popsters is that they are too safe. Back in the 80's pop goddesses like Madonna (&quot;Like a Virgin&quot;) and Janet (Nasty Boys) were making grooves that were not only fun to dance to but bold. Pink's album attempts to glorify that boldness. It is energetic, her beats are sonic and consistently contagious. Although she's not much for I Love You baby ballads and jams it's all good. This is really not an I Love You baby world. She sings about heart break, game-playing and the usual junk most of today's current relationships are made of. She makes the songs edgy and relatable. Outside of two throwaway tracks (Hiccup and You Make Me Sick--because of ultra corny lyrics), the album as a whole is jamming. Standout tracks are &quot;There You Go&quot;, &quot;Mean Green&quot;, &quot;Split Personality&quot;, &quot;Stop falling&quot; and &quot;Love Is Such A Crazy Thing&quot;. Pink has definitely pushed her way into the pop scene...we'll see if she's a one hit wonder or a chica who's here to stay for a while. Because boy does this pop music scene need some rebels!
B000002LSV|4.0|Hard to imagine ZZTop, the &quot;little 'ol band from Texas,&quot; was among MTV's earliest signature bands with 1984's distinctive, sexy videos for &quot;Legs&quot; and &quot;Sharp Dressed Man.&quot; But 1992's &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; proves that while they kept an eye on the ladies and hands on a sharp-looking steering wheel, ZZTop kept its musical head &quot;in Mississippi&quot; with &quot;One Foot In The Blues.&quot;<br />This collection is no career retrospective; essential tracks as &quot;Arrested For Driving While Blind,&quot; &quot;Jesus Just Left Chicago,&quot; and &quot;Heard It On The X&quot; remain on 1975's &quot;Best Of.&quot; But this set still struts with Texas barbecue like &quot;Tush,&quot; 1981's &quot;Tube Snake Boogie,&quot; Billy Gibbons' rifle-shot guitar on &quot;Cheap Sunglasses,&quot; &quot;I'm Bad, I'm Nationwide&quot; and &quot;Got Me Under Pressure.&quot; All tracks recall, spiritually if not always  in execution, the Delta-turned-bright-lights-big-city blues of Lightnin' Hopkins, Howlin' Wolf, Jimmy Reed, and especially John Lee Hooker (who locked horns with ZZTop over its unappreciated tribute &quot;La Grange.&quot;) Only the fussy Elvis Presley remake &quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot; and the strained &quot;Sleeping Bag&quot; falls flat.<br />The reward from ZZTop's success came from realizing the gorgeous women, fast cars and funny videos associated with the group put its basic, blues-based rock over in one of music's most synth and dance-dominated periods. Sadly, it wouldn't last; ZZTop subsequently released three unsuccessful LPs for a label (BMG/RCA) now dominating teen pop. It's suffered some health problems, and is in a holding pattern touring with other 70s Southern rockers like Lynyrd Skynyrd. But before believing ZZTop's best days are behind it, remember that the band didn't call its 1991 LP &quot;Recycler&quot; for nothing. As &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;  proves, ZZTop has dressed great, straight rock and roll in sexy, stylish clothes before, and can again. Recommended.hes before, and can again. Recommended.
B00003CX8J|2.0|Sorry, but I just thought the movie was a complete BORE!  The effects are the only thing going for this kiddie-flick.  Better luck next time, guys.
B000002NE4|5.0|With this album Nick Cave has finally come full circle. Listen to his first &quot;solo&quot; work From Her to Eternity (or even reach so far back to the filthy core of his soul and listen to The Birthday Party work) and then listen to The Boatman's Call and it's painfully apparent that he's reached a point of grace - and finally! - after all these years. Having been writing songs about love and lust and heartache in its most grim forms, his muse has brought him to a point where it's time to lay his soul bare, what he's been trying to hide behind words and images for so long. And what some may have thought would be a cruel, shriveled, blackened thing actually turned out to be a pale, ethereal, and strikingly beautiful creature. The songs no longer speak of love and lust and heartache in those twisted, manipulative forms that lead the listener to believe his soul is black and ugly, they now speak with brutal honesty and simplicity, with actual elegance. The toned down manner of the songs and Nick's quiet, reflective vocals manage to give the feel of his finally baring his soul to you - and only you - as if you're the only one in the world who could bear to see such a hauntingly beautiful thing. And let me warn you it isn't easy. If you're truly prepared to see, what you may find could haunt you for the rest of your days and you will never be the same.
B000002J09|5.0|I have just bought Led Zeppelin's fourth album, and it definitely is one of the best rock 'n' roll records I've ever heard.  Every song on this album is fantastic; it's amazing how this record is only 42 minutes long.  Here's a play-by-play of each of the songs on the album:  &quot;Black Dog&quot; and &quot;Rock and Roll&quot; begin the album on a fast and furious note (with a great drum solo by John Bonham at the end of &quot;Rock and Roll&quot;); &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot; and &quot;Going to California&quot; are soothing folk tunes; &quot;Misty Mountain Hop&quot; features more great guitar riffs by Jimmy Page; &quot;Four Sticks&quot; and &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot; are hard-rocking blues ballads; and of course &quot;Stairway to Heaven,&quot; the band's beautifully constructed epic which remains the most requested song in the history of rock radio.  From Robert Plant's unique voice, to Jimmy Page's inventive guitar playing, and to John Paul Jones'and John Bonham's fast and thundering rhythm section, everything on this album works flawlessly.  If I were able to make a &quot;Top 5&quot; list of the greatest rock records, &quot;Led Zeppelin IV&quot; would definitely be on it.
B000001FA4|4.0|Before the release of &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;, this was the quintissential U2 album. It is evident after one careful listen that this is a band in the middle of change; growing and evolving musically and lyrically.<br />   &quot;Pride&quot; is a song which no rock fan born before 1980 should  need an introduction to. &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot; &quot;Promenade&quot;, and &quot;A Sort of Homecoming&quot; are all beautiful,yet  best when played loud and with a copy of the lyrics at hand.<br />   I have long thought &quot;Wire&quot; to be U2's most underrated song,  but perhaps unknown is closer to the mark. Reminiscent because of its frantic pace and driving beat of earlier albums,this is a great song and it will keep your heart, hands and feet all a'rockin'.<br />   &quot;MLK&quot;, Elvis Presley and America&quot;, 4th of July and &quot;Indian Summer Sky&quot; all seem to be adrift,songs looking for a home. These four songs are what cost this otherwise great album a  fifth star, in my not too humble opinion.<br />   All things considered however, this is an often brilliant recording, well worth any music fans time and a must for U2 fans.
B00004Y6NM|3.0|It scares me to see that some people have been rating this as a 5 star CD. It isn't.  Not even nearly. There isn't really all that much of worth on this CD.  Sure, She's waiting and Forever Man are a couple of Clapton's catchier tunes - but look at the lyrical content....there is NONE.<br />FOr the most part Clapton has nothing to sing ABOUT on this CD.  Worse though is the very '80s' Phil Collins production. If you love Collins's sound, this might be for you. If you find Collins a terrible bore, you're not going to love it.<br />Clapton said of this CD that 'Some of the best stuff never got on it'.  The Warners quality control people were so appalled by this CD that they sent him back into the studio to record three new tracks - including Forever Man.  So don't expect a cohesive effort.  Expect a CD at odds with itself.<br />Fans of the 'God' Calpton will not be smiling.  The only guitar workouts are on 'Same old blues' and 'Like a prisoner'.  The former, some have claimed is Clapton's best guitar performance on a studio CD.  It maybe or it may not, but the song IS long and kind of boring, with way too many synths.<br />You may love this CD, but the truth is that I would happily GIVE my copy away.
B00000DGUY|4.0|It would of gotten 5 stars but i'm not a huge fan of a couple of the songs such as heavy fuel (not true Dire Straits).  However these songs are eclipsed by the legendary songs like sultans of swing and romeo and juliet(top 5 favourite songs). Best compilation created by Dire Straits and lets face it Mark Knopfler is one of the greatest guitarists ever.  Definately some excellent music on the CD.
B000002OMN|5.0|Contrary to the negative reviews of the mysterious Music Fan from random parts of the US, nothing but positive notes can be made about this come back smash!  I was introduced to Meat Loaf by my uncle, the first song I listened to by Mr. Loaf was &quot;I'd Do Anything For Love&quot;, and I was hooked. It can safely be said that Meat Loaf and Jim Steinman offer more than the Music Industy does today!<br />Life is a Lemon shines out the negative aspects of life, something that is rarely touched.  Objects in the Rear is an incredible song in its own right.  The way that Steinman puts these things together is great, then throw in the grand voice of Meat and you have this powerful masterpiece.  I can't wait to see if yet more colloborations by Meat and Steinman are produced on hopefully another epic album.  Don't waste time, buy this ASAP! Trust me.
B00001U03Q|5.0|This man is the No.1 guitarist of all timeas he is consistently at the top.  Excellent songs such as tears in heaven and a fantastic live version of wonderful tonight.
B000002JK2|5.0|Way, way back in the mid-70's I was listening to a radio station here in Sydney, Australia, called Double J.It was late at night and the DJ had just received a new album...Rough Mix.And then I heard some of the most unbelievable songs I could imagine..from some of my favourite artists. From simple rustic airs to the swirling strings of &quot;Street in the City&quot;....Till the Rivers All Run Dry to a foot beating out a rhythm, and a dobro thrown in for good measure.<br />   Enough of me going on..do your self a favour (sorry Molly), and take the chance to listen to this album. I feel even now this  wonderful piece of music stands up well...and with the loss of of Ronnie Lane we will never hear the likes of this again.<br />   I understand someone has performed at least one of the songs off this album. I hope they give credit where credit is due...and perhaps lead to a resurgence of interest in this album.
0553106635|5.0|This is Pure Class.  A Song of Ice and Fire is everythingJordan's Wheel of Time promised but has failed to deliver.  It'scomplex, sophisticated, real, bloody, sexy, crude and totallyabsorbing.  This volume is number 3 and it continues to build on itspredecessors superbly.  The characterisation is outstanding; thecharacters change, mature and evolve (unlike those in WoT who arecardboard cut-outs by comparison).  The sheer scope of the series isbreath-taking but you're never bogged down in history or geography inorder for it to make sense (although there's an appendix which doescome in handy).  Martin handles all the details deftly and never losesthe pace.  <br />What also impresses me about the series are the names,both of people and places.  &quot;Stark&quot;, &quot;Lannister&quot;,&quot;Riverrun&quot;, &quot;Ser Gerold Hightower&quot;, &quot;CasterlyRock&quot;, &quot;The Blackfish&quot;, &quot;Crannogmen&quot; just toname a few.  They indicate to me the effort Martin has gone to inorder to produce the easily the best fantasy written in the last 25years.<br />The language is rather strong in places, this latest volumein particular.  For me it makes the story and characters all the morereal (and earthy), but others may be a little put off.<br />To sum up:George R. R. Martin has raised the bar in the genre to heights I fearwill be difficult to match.  I think that in 20 years time people willbe saying that this series was as influential both within and outsidethe genre as The Lord of the Rings.<br />So what are you doing here?  Gobuy them and read them NOW!
B000002OG8|5.0|This album has a spirit that has endured the years.  The group was never promoted (I never heard a cut on the air), yet anyone I have played it to ends up with their own copy.  They made a way for themselves on the road (I was introduced to their music when I attended a Joe Walsh show in Central Park where nearly every soul asked, &quot;Who are these guys?&quot;  Joe did'nt stand a chance as headliner. Their use of texture, pace, and inflection range from subtle to intense &amp; succeeds at creating unusual imagery for the listener.
B0000026DJ|4.0|I first heard Midnight Oil in the aftermath of the Michael Jackson Thriller phenomenon, when it became trendy to blast &quot;When The General Talks&quot; from your portable Boom machine (or some other corny name we gave it in the 80s). By the Septmber 1986 release of &quot;The Dead Heart&quot; the band made me really stop and listen to the passion and the truth that quintessentially was The Oils. Few artists in rock history have sang with the passion that Midnight Oil carried, and what's more they delivered! In 1985 Peter Garret became a politician, putting issues like the environment and indigenous rights on the agenda.  It's all in the lyrics. If you read the lyrics to songs like the &quot;dead heart&quot; you can feel the mood of the grass roots political movement which emerged from the 1980s here in Australia, which became mere political correct symbols by the 1990s. Lines like &quot;it's time ... to pay the rent... to pay our share&quot; and Garret's bagging of big corporations, and how they have too much power and eroding the rights of our marginalised, in the &quot;Dead Heart&quot;. This was reprised on Blue Sky Mining in 1989. But did they listen? Hardly... Peter Garret to me is an Australian John Lennon, a messenger of truth, with the authorities (as always) paying litle attention to this kind of social responsibility some stars fortunately feel for their own communities. IMO this album, along with 10 to 1 are the 2 essential albums of this VERY important band. In A Way they're a piece of Australia.
B00004SCX6|5.0|A great album by Britney Spears. Here is the breakdown of the songs:<br />1. Oops!...I Did it Again: For the few who haven't heard this song, it is about a girl who plays with and breaks guys hearts. A cool song with a cathcy hook.<br />2. Stronger: Fun song...nothing very memmorable here.<br />3. Don't Go Knockin' On My Door: Good song with a cool beat. This song is similar to Stronger in the sense that it is about a girl telling this guy to go away after he hurt her. This song sorta reminds me of &quot;Are You that Somebody&quot; by Alliyah.<br />4. (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction: Great remake! I didn't think she could pull it off but she took this song and made it completely her own. Her voice sounds so good in this song.<br />5. Don't Let me Be the Last to Know: This song sounds like something Shania Twain would sing (she co-wrote it). A nice ballad.<br />6. What U See (Is What U Get): A pretty forgettable song about this girl telling her boyfriend to accept her the way she is.<br />7. LUCKY: The BEST song on the album! I am obsessed with this song! It is so good...I play it back to back to back over and over again! The lyrics are of a girl whom everyone thinks she has it all but in reality is unhappy. The song has a great hook and Britney sounds really really great on this song. I hope she makes it a single because it is destined to become a hit.<br />8. One Kiss From You: Probably my favorite ballad on this cd. Very nice song.<br />9. Where Are You Now: Pretty ballad.<br />10. Can't Make You Love Me: In my opinion, this is the worst song on the disc. It makes references to Lucky because the girl is saying she has all this money and fame but she can't make her crush love her...very mediocre.<br />11. When Your Eyes Say It: Good ballad written by Dianne Warren. The beginning sounds like &quot;You're Still the One&quot; by Shaniah Twain.<br />12. Dear Diary: The song Britney (co)wrote. The lyrics are pretty dumb in my opinion but her voice sounds really nice and soft in this song.<br />A great album that definitely shows Britney with a more mature style and voice. If you liked her debut you should definitely get this cd. Even if you don't like Britney, give it a try!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator was one of the best films I saw all summer and definitely one that will be added to my DVD collection! The movie represents the time they were shooting for and has really great effects. The battle scenes themselves are worth purchasing, especially with all of the extra footage and bonus disc! Buy it now!
0783240503|5.0|I was waiting with great anticipation for this video and it was worth the wait.  Donny Osmond was excellent!  He is truly talented.  The narrator lacked a little on her singing ability, in my opinion.  I saw the Dallas production with the second generation of Osmonds and they were wonderful. I think that Jodie Benson would have been the better choice for the narrator. My children, teenagers I might add, really enjoyed this video.  They wouldn't really admit it, but they watch it when I'm not around.  I would love to get the opportunity to see this in a live production with Donny Osmond.
0151003084|5.0|i am not a cold blooded murderess. i am a mere child with a morbid sense of humor. this exceptionally good story met my gorey standards.
B00003CXDG|5.0|Alright, first off let me say that this was THE best movie of the summer. It beat all of the history of Bond movies and Perfect Storm and Gladiator. If you didn't like this movie you were either hallucinating or on some illegal substance, or both of the above. If you saw the first M-I movie (which wasnt too good) dont get discouraged about this one. MI-2 is much better... it has a good plot (it could actually happen), good action, and finally a good looking and intelligent female character. The sound effects and visual effects will blow you away. I truly recommend this movie to the movie fan that yearns for some good action. It will be awesome on DVD. One last note... there are some awesome cars in this movie.
079073382X|5.0|I was flipping through the channels late one night a couple of years ago and came across this movie. I had never heard of it before then.  About 90 minutes later, I knew I had just seen the greatest romantic movie ever made.  <br /> It captures what it feels like to be with someone and the two of you think that you're the only two people on the planet.  But also, what it feels like to know that you have to be away from them.<br />The thing that stands out for me is the ending: both knowing that they love each other but they go their separate ways, not knowing if they'll ever see each other again; and then showing all the different places that the couple visited in their 14-hour &quot;affair&quot;, now empty as the sun begins to rise. I've only seen this movie once, but the ending still leaves a lump in my throat when I think about it.<br />After you watch this movie, you think to yourself, &quot;If I ever had the chance to live the perfect romantic night, it would be like this.&quot;<br />One other thing: Others will say this is a great &quot;date&quot; movie, but for the greatest emotional effect, watch this movie by yourself.  You'll know what I mean right after it ends.
0316777722|5.0|This book is an absolute hoot!  I laughed out loud, loudly, more times than I can count.  His description of his dad, mom, siblings, pals and enemies are hilarious.  I haven't laughed this much since reading Forrest Gump.
B000002N3N|5.0|My god, this album is too much.  This is a great album.  My favorite tracks are: &quot;Athair Ar Neamh&quot;(which means &quot;father in heaven&quot;), &quot;Hope Has A Place&quot;, &quot;Pax Deorum&quot;, &quot;Anywhere Is&quot; and &quot;The Memory Of Tress&quot;.  Enya's voice is so beautiful.  I have all her albums, and I hope she's coming out with another one very soon.  I heard a rumor she's coming out with a new album on October 17, 2000, that could be false informantion, but that's what I heard.  Look for it anyway.  Anyway, you must buy this album, it's beautiful.
0780626494|5.0|I loved this movie although I know its a bit too sweet and too cute at times.  It's an excellent candidate for a &quot;family movie&quot; but actually its just a good, solid movie all around.  Christopher Walken and Sissy Spacek turn in delightful performances as Brendan Fraser's parents - wholesome and quirky.  This movie does have its hints of the darker side of the middle class 60's type environment in which Adam (played by Brendan Fraser) was raised - such as Spacek's closet alcoholism as well as hints of the way our society has changed - from the so-called innocence of America during the Kennedy era with its Cold War paranoia to a modern-day America with its acceptance of a diversity of lifestyles that the 60's hadn't accepted just yet and also its societal problems that just didn't seem to be a part of the early 60's consciousness even though they existed then as now. Brendan Fraser turns in a wonderful performance, effectively portraying Adam's innocence and sense of wonder at everything he sees with humor and even pathos. Alicia Silverstone does a passable job although I felt the flaws in her character were not her fault so much as it was the fault of her character being underwritten and the director being confused as to what to do with her character. David Foley is wonderful as always.  The movie is also peppered with wonderful character actors who actually make up some of the movie's funniest moments. Although the screenwriting is not as tight as it could be - especially with regard to the latter half of the movie when Fraser wanders around the modern world - Fraser carries the movie with ease and charm.  This movie is well worth watching.  Good movie if you're in the mood for something light, not too serious but not bubble gum either, funny, and with wonderful comedic acting by Walken, Spacek, and Fraser. The type of movie you can watch again and again and still enjoy because its just fun and cute and well done.
B00004X01U|5.0|I love this CD.  I've had it since the day it came out and I love #1, 4, 8, 9, and 10.  The rest are good too but I haven't got them memorized.  Yet.  :)  Highly recommended.
B00004RF83|4.0|Though it's not quite as good as \\"The Manchurian Candidate,\\" this is still an outstanding movie. John Frankenheimer's adept direction and Rod Serling's literate, nuanced script complement the fine work of a brilliant cast. And unlike most of the nuclear war flicks of the '60s, \\"Seven Days\\" avoids the preachiness and propaganda that run through the bulk of the genre.    The DVD equals the film in quality. The print appears flawless, and the sound is as good as can be expected from a 60's era movie. Special features include a theatrical trailer, some brief production notes, and a detailed, informative commentary from Frankenheimer. He includes all kinds of fun details about the making of the movie. (Ex: rather than building gigantic sets to represent the infinite cooridors of the Pentagon, the crew built a V-shaped corridor, and hired midgets to walk back and forth across the corridor, creating the illusion of distance.) (Ex #2: the intensity of the performances might have something to do with the Cuban Missle Crisis taking place during filming.)    My only quibble is that Frankenheimer apparently had a cold when he taped the commentary, because he sounds congested. It's distracting at first, but otherwise it's a first-rate commentary.    One bit of trivia: Leonard Maltin notes this film marks John Houseman's screen debut, but there are two other sightings: Leonard Nimoy in an uncredited role, and I could be wrong, but I could swear I saw Robert Mitchum in a non-speaking cameo as a U.S. Senator.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke (Mononoke Hime) works on so many levels because 1)Its creator, Hayao Miyazaki, spent a life's worth of effort on the script and on every cell of animation (take that disney). It may be some of the most beautiful animation ever created. 2) This movie avoids the boring, usual good vs. bad with occasional sidekick formula (take that again disney). The characters and story are very well developed, and there is no CLEAR cut badguy. 3) Joe Hisaishi did the music. 4) It's a Miyazaki film. 'Nuff said! For those of you unfamiliar with Hayao Miyazaki, I suggest you check out Laputa: Castle in the Sky, Nausicaa, Castle of Cagliostro, or My Neighbor Totoro. Get a taste of the greatest director/writer that ever lived! *The english dub of Mononoke is okay, but please see it in its original form (Japenese w/ eng subtitles).
B00004XPP0|5.0|I was just a lttle kid when these films came out, but even then, they had a huge impact on my life. I knew I was a part of a cultural phenomenon. Nothing has changed as an adult, except that I am more aware of their impact on society. The stories of the Star Wars trilogy are humorous, fanciful, and compelling. You can not help but be spell bound while watching these films. And despite what many believe, you do not have to be a sci-fi fan to enjoy them.Everything you could want is included: romance, drama, heroric battle, humor... it's just an adrenaline rush to watch these movies. You will love it... they are still the best... Phantom Menace was excellent, but nothing will compare to thes three masterful epics!
0452277752|5.0|I read this book last year in Jr. High when a friends of mine lent it to me during the excitement of Columnbine.  By far, my favorite story was Rage; maybe because of Columnbine. Is definately worth this book and more.  The Running man was another great one. These two could easily have made the book sell for more than what people ask for. King was always a great writter, I couldn't deny it after reading this. The running man is a kind of story that makes you reflect on where our world is going and it makes perfect sense. No doubt, maybe we will have game shows that people gamble their live on while $5 air filters cost $100 to keep the poor unhealthy and discriminated as if they were a large Leper Colony. A true Masterpeice
B000021XS0|5.0|That music fan from Pittsburgh has no idea what he is talking about. He claims that &quot;SFAM&quot; has no soul! Has he even listened to &quot;The Spirit Carries On&quot;, &quot;Finally Free&quot; or &quot;Through Her Eyes&quot;? Every one of those songs is filled with emotion and soul. The other point I want to comment on is him claiming that there are other less known prog bands that are better and worth checking out. If that is so, why didn't he list them? Because there are none! Dream Theater is the greatest prog band in the world right now and no band is even close, although Spock's Beard is pretty damn good too. Dream Theater may show off a lot, but their music drips with emotion and soul, which can't be said for many bands who &quot;play fast&quot;, so to speak.
6303979882|5.0|I love this movie so much!! I remember the first time I saw it. I went with a bunch of my friends when it first came out and we all fell in love with it. It's the best movie. My favorite part is when Devon Sawa asks Christina Ricci if he can kiss her. I thought that was the sweetest thing. Everyone should see this movie.
B00001NFCY|1.0|I think I liked this stuff better 10 years ago when it was a wee bit more original and fresh. Hopelessly derivitive. And they deny it! At least STP admits their influences. Creed , please go back to Florida and play again at Disney or wherever.
B00003CX8J|5.0|If your a sci-fi fan, and enjoy a entertaining movie with GREAT acting, storyline, special effects, and action scenes, then you WILL like x-men. <br />If your a DVD fan who enjoys LOTS of extras and deleted scenes this one is gonna make you happy.<br />Especially if your a guy. Ladies, this is a good gift for your boyfriend or husband, they'll like it.<br />Overall, i question your taste in movies and you being a DVD fan if you don't buy X-men on DVD.
B000002MJC|5.0|Way back in 1993 when I first saw 'I Feel You' on MTV a shock entered my system.  Depeche Mode had a new edgy rockier sound.  They had a completely new image most noteably illustrated by Dave Gahan's Rock God look with his long hair, beard and tatoos.  I could not believe that this was the same band who had such babyface features and classic pop simplicity which made Depeche Mode accessable to me and my 9 year old friends when 'See You' came out in 1982.  At first I was not too happy about the change in musical direction, as the last single of Violator (World in my Eyes) was such a polished electronic dance classic.  However I was absolutely fascinated by this new image, Depeche Mode had now grown up and were serious 30 somethings ready to conquer the world.  The single 'I feel you' did grow on me, and the power of Dave Gahan's vocal came out stronger than before, initially the most appealing factor of the song.<br />I was a very late convert to the album. 1993 was a great year for 80s electronic/new wave artists with classic albums by Tears For Fears (Elemental), Pet Shop Boys (Very), Duran Duran (Wedding Album)forming my memories of that great time.  For some reason I did not buy Songs of Faith &amp; Devotion that year. I bought it in '97 when Ultra came out, the year that I became a full-on DM fan at the staggering age of 24! The positive vibe I got from all those other albums in '93 was there with Songs.  The adrenalin from the single tracks like I Feel You and Walking in My Shoes brought the memories flooding back.  Although this was a more organic sound it sounded vastly superior to a lot of guitar based indie of the '90s.  It was also very melodic with the Martin Gore vocal tracks Judas and One Caress with its orchestral similarities to Massive Attack's Unfinished Symphony.  In Your Room is the best song that Depeche Mode have ever made.  The adrenalin, passion and power of this track is enough to make your head feel like its going to spin off.  The weakest track is Get Right With Me but good all the same in its own right.  It is necessary to calm you down after the intensity of In Your Room and warms you up for the techno inspired Rush.  The album finishes on a high note with Higher Love which sounds more electronic than the rest of the album.  This was not the first DM album to use guitars and still had its fair share of synths. This was the one which did not sound purely electronic and some people did not like that and did not therefore listen objectively.  This was the last album with Alan Wilder whose musical genius reached its peak with DM with this album.  Some of the sounds and themes from Songs were transferred  to his next Recoil album in 1997 Unsound Methods.  The adrenalin and passion from Songs was therefore missing from Ultra, although DM's new melancholy style still made that a good relaxing album.
0679746048|4.0|Very well written book. I think it's great that Susanna Kaysen wrote a book about her expience in the women's ward. It was very brave of her to share her feelings with the world.This book makes you think about who you are and how other people see you, and in my opinion any book that makes you think about any thing at all, is well written. Throughout the book you can read the charts that the nurses and doctors kept on her, I thought it was wonderful you could see what she was thinking and what the doctors thought she was thinking, it was a helpful comparison. I would recomend this book to any one who enjoys learning new and  interesting things about other people.
B00004YYDI|5.0|This DVD retells the classic story of a man. But this was no ordinary man.  This man, known only as Leon, liked milk.  He liked it so much he drank it for breakfast.  He drank it for lunch.  He drank it for dinner.  He was obsessed with milk.  Adored by fans around the world, this milk drama made people cry, laugh, and become suddenly thirsty.  There is also a subplot in the film which involves Leon taking in an orphaned girl whose family was killed by corrupt DEA officers and ends up training her in his profession as an assassin so she can take revenge on the rogue cops.  Also, Leon ends up getting the girl to drink milk.  She didn't like milk early on, but ended up drinking ALOT of it.  She drank it for breakfast.  She drank it for lunch.  She drank it for dinner.  They drank milk together, and sometimes, just sometimes, they would drink milk by themselves!<br />Included in the DVD are 24 added minutes of milk drinking scenes that where deemed too strong for American audiences.  Also included are trailers form the director's other films, including one of some guy that liked swimming, and another one of a woman who liked camera close-ups.  But the best, of course, is the one of our milk-drinking hero.  Although the Dolby Digital audio track isn't all that good, you can still here the high quality milk slurping in Dolby Surround.<br />Assassin and corrupt DEA officer fans will enjoy this DVD.  But for the rest of us who just like milk, we know what the film is truly all about.
B00004X01U|5.0|I think I must be the only person in the world that was bored by Ray of Light. It was if after having baby Lourdes Madonna bathed in anticeptic. Technically it's a good album, emotionally it was boring as hell, which was why I wasn't too excited by this one. Boy was I wrong. The title tracked is the funked up soundtrack from a ..... flick. It's that nasty little song that Miss Celie combed out of Shug Avery's hair. But don't expect the same from the rest of the album, while &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; and &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; (both of which probably have Dee Lite planning a comeback) are both dancey, the centerpieces of this album are the slow songs, &quot;I Deserve It&quot; &quot;Amazing&quot; and &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; are possibly the best three songs Madonna has ever recorded -- and hopefully the next three singles. Rather than reading anymore of my rambling, just by this CD, you won't regret it.
B0000027RL|3.0|Now that's one of those Records everybody calls genius and I can't see no apperant reason for that. And I feel so terribly sorry for that, because I like this record, I just don't think it's anything super-great. It's hard to explain why I don't rate this one too high. All of the songs are brilliant, emotional, full of great melodies and Eddie Veder is a great vocalist. So what is my problem? I don't know. Maybe somehow Eddie's emotional lyrics just don't reach me. Maybe there is too much whining and too less screaming for my taste. If I only knew... Again, this Record has tons of great songs : &quot;Jeremy&quot;, &quot;Black&quot;, &quot;Alive&quot; basically EVERY SONG IS GREAT. But I'm just too stupid to get the real greatness behind it all. &quot;Ten&quot; is a good effort, nothing more and nothing less, I think the band is totally honest and I wish I could appreciate their genius. But I can't. It's hopeless. I listened to this three days nonstop and I couldn't make out anything that would make me cry, laugh, freak out or anything that would make me give it a four-star rating. Too polished production and songwriting maybe. You know the situation if someone cries in front on you, you take that girl/guy in the arms and tell them everything is alright but you just couldn't care less about it? That's my problem here. I will check out &quot;Vitalogy&quot; soon and as I am told it's much more raw than this one. I hope, because I would really like to like Pearl Jam. But &quot;Ten&quot; wouldn't be a worthwile reason.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This cd is great because all the tracks are catchy and they all have good beats.  But not only that, all the lyrics are well thought out and rapped in a manner that no one has ever done before.  Comming from a musician, Eminem is truly a genius rapper with talent like no other.
0553106635|5.0|This series has evolved into a soap opera---a damn good one, but a melodrama nonetheless.  Almost every chapter is a cliffhanger, and the ending is geared to keep you hanging in suspense while you wait for the next installment.  Shifting and twisting from one character and plot thread to the next, many pass each other like ships in the night, and just when you think they might meet and provide some resolution, they sheer away again, following their own separate adventure, only the general upheaval of the book's background holding the multiple storylines together.  This is not a series that appears anywhere near a conclusion, and with  the author's ability to continuously create and weave together more and more credible subplots, don't expect an ending to this series any time soon: after all, as the text admits, Daenerys' dragons are years away from being able to be ridden.<br />The title for this installment is not as apt as the previous: no battle occurs equal to the Blackwater, nor do the many opponents---ironmen, wildlings, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, or Lannister, let alone the Others---ever come together to meet in a single climatic battle, as the title might imply.  Instead, the political conspiracy, betrayal and murder of the previous two books continues to dominate the tale, liberally leavened with slaughter and skirmishes.  Players come and go, the plots multiply and thicken, and even what is expected often takes an unanticipated turn.  And it is the profusion and complexity of Martin's intrigues that arguably sets this series apart from the other prominent fat fantasists, Terry Goodkind and Robert Jordan.    They as well depend upon a profundancy of subplots and scheming to extend and carry their stories, but Martin arguably does it more tightly and with greater relish.<br />One might detect a note of criticism in my preceding comments.  There is a suspicion that this nine hundred odd page volume could easily have been reduced by a couple hundred pages.Many of the subplots and episodes in this book appear to exist for their own sake, contributing little to advance the overall storyline---There is a noticeable shift of tempo between the first and second half of the book.  And at times the author's obvious manipulation of the reader's interest becomes wearisome and frustrating.  However, there is little question as to the author's ability to spin a story, juggling so many without once losing control, and for most, I suspect, the plethora of plots and intrigues---even the repetitive cliffhangers---will prove appealing.  Martin writes with a vividness of detail and characterization that never pauses, and has created a diverse cast of characters in which one feels invested.  And the author could never be faulted for his imagery or a lack of imagination.  Certainly one of the best books of the year.
6304233639|3.0|This movie is simply escapism, it's true.  But what's wrong with that?  I thought the movie was slow to start, the characters are stereotyped, the plot IS a rip-off of war of the worlds, but it's enjoyable to watch and Will Smith is pretty good.  Not every movie has to be full of 'deep messages,' you know.
6304795254|1.0|Very far-fetched, even for a movie...  Insults the average man's intelligence, need not say what it does to the intelligence of a thinking man...<br />Michael Douglas is probably the only positive aspect of this otherwise silly film.  Maybe if viewed by an audience of bright-eyed, gullable, 12-year olds, the movie would reach it's full potential with it's so-called surprises.  <br />I must honestly say this picture was one of the biggest dissapointments I have witnessed, considering I was looking forward to an excellent thriller, but what I got was a goofy, rediculous fantasy... <br />For anyone contemplating a purchase, please consider renting first.  Then, after you view &quot;The Game&quot;, you will understand why any truly intelligent person would NOT make this a purchase...  <br />What an awfully overrated movie !!  Shame on you silly little people behind this picture for thinking you could get away with trash like this.  Adios !
0440539811|4.0|Great fun!  A relentless trip with or without drugs.  Always wondered about the idea that all rumored conspiracies were in fact one big conspiracy, and here it is: the fantasy that those who control our environment actually know what they're doing and have a plan for us.  An evil plan, admittedly, but at least someone's in control!  A great follow-on especially if you've just been reading Lovecraft, Eco or Jim Garrison.  The style is a bit smug and self-congratulatory, but hey, that's part of the fun.  One caveat: a lot of conspiracy theorists have praised this book as being their bible and a real eye-opener, but I suspect it's the conspiracists themselves who are actually being laughed at here.
6304795254|1.0|Gee whiz, what a brilliant picture ---------  NOT !!!!<br />:o)
B00001OH7P|5.0|Perhaps Bowies's most famous and most sucessful album. Deservedly so because it is his peak and indeed, this is one of the defining musical moments of the early seventies.<br />It is possible to write all sorts of analytical theses about the alien persona of Ziggy and the sense off alienation in the music but, when you come down to it, this album is about blisteringly good music.<br />Powerful lyrics, delivered with Bowie's mesmeric and haunting voice supported by muic which alternates between raw edged starkness and a rich wall of sound. Just about every track on this album could have been released as a single and they would all have been hits.<br />Im not going to select a favourite track because they are all so good.<br />This CD is available in a number of different versions. The one to go for is the release with several bonus tracks. Most CD reissues with bonus tracks serve mostly to illustrate why some material was originally left off the album. That is not so in this case. The extras range from well known B-side tracks through to original demos of some of best known songs on the album. All are great additions to the CD. Indeed, even if you already own the CD, it is worth buying a copy with the bonus tracks.
6304795254|2.0|Oh paleease ---   Stop with the BS this film throws at you.  C'mon now.  Who is this director anyway ??  This guy is known for Seven and Fight Club ??  <br />Seven and Fight Club were much much better than this piece of overhyped trash!<br />Spare yourself the viewing of this film.
B000002H2H|5.0|I think that any Metallica fan would agree with me when I say that this is truly one of the best CD's that have ever been created. If you are looking for a head banging experience, the electric chair is the place to be! Though the CD has only 8 tracks, it times at more than an hour, and each track is it's little story. Words cannot describe the rush from listening to &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; and all the rest!
B000003CMB|5.0|If the phrase &quot;jam session&quot; ever makes it into the dictionary, this CD should be used for the example.  The Allman Bros. are often known by songs recorded after these sessions, but upon hearing Whipping Post, Elizabeth Reed, or Stormy Monday played with such loose, musical abandon, real fans know the legend took root here.  The high point is the epic Mountain Jam, one of the most pure examples of great musicians letting it all hang out and having fun with the audience along for the ride.  If you love electric guitar and REAL Southern Rock, buy it...
B000001FOS|5.0|I realize that I have already reviewed this album, but hear me out. In my first review, I made this CD sound like it wasn't all that great. However, I have been listening to it a lot lately, and I realize that it is a considerable bit better than what I made it out to be. First of all, the songs are all great. I'm not disappointed with any of them. My favorites are Hold On, Dreaming (Tell Me), Now is the Time, Krakatau, and Memories. Memories and Krakatau are the two instrumentals on here. Krakatau is such a great contrast to Memories, and you can really tell because Memories is right after. A very poignant ending to this album. Now is the Time and Hold On have two of the coolest and emotional solos I've ever heard. Dreaming (Tell Me) is very beautiful song, although perhaps not quite as much as Memories (a very sad and thought-provoking acoustic instrumental). Second, the guitar work on here is incredible, as usual. I've already mentioned how great the solos are. Third, the vocals, done by Joe Lynn Turner (ex-Rainbow), are fantastic. Last, I really like the lyrics. They're very poetic and emotional, like the singing. I think anyone who likes good music should own this amazing album.
6305922748|5.0|My wife bought me this video for Christmas this year, but I couldn't help myself and, while she was away, tore it open and gleefully watched it three times in a row.  I had seen this thing twice before, but had forgotten just how funny it was.  Easily my favorite movie of all time.<br />The great thing about Tap is that the actors never jab you in the ribs and laugh at the characters along with you - an act of treason too often seen in comedy.  They could have easily gone over the top and turned the film into The Naked Gun or Airplane (funny films in their own way, but not at all sharp satire), but their restraint in handling their characters and the story makes the movie.<br />The songs are not hilarious becuase they are Weird Al- or Spike Jones-style novelty items; they are hilarious because they are incredibly close to what they satirize.  Those things are funniest which come nearest their intended targets, and Tap is consistently dead-on without whacking you over the head with the jokes.  <br />This is not &quot;serious&quot; satire (Doctor Strangelove, etc.) that has some huge point to make about society.  It is a brilliant skewering of rock and roll, executed with the perfect blend of creativity, insanity, and restraint.  It makes me laugh until I pee myself every time I watch it.  <br />A must-have particularly for musicians and music fans.
6303149200|5.0|I find few oversights as shameful to the entertainment Biz as the fact that films like this are not easily obtainable to the general public.  The Wicker Man is wonderfully representative of a somewhat lost Genre of creepy 70's art house flicks.  A strong foreign influence on Brit &amp; Auzzie directors of the time and all of the mind expanding drug experimentation of the 60's finally started paying off.  Films such as The Wicker Man and Don't Look Now, and to a lessor degree, films of the continent like More and The Valley are indeed a forgotten artform. A film of the &quot;Lost Genre&quot; typically will be shot on that very distinctive 70's film stock.  It apparently looked marvelous at the time, but cost cuts in it's composition that were to save the industry ended up in a film stock that degraded in a mere five or six years.  What we're left with however unintentional at the time are beautifully creapy washed out colors blending at the edges into each other and night scenes as grainy as a gravel road. An irreverent view towards sex, a hint of otherworldly spiritual implications, and an ending you'd never guess are all featured key themes in these films.  If you are a modern day film afficionado and you appreciate the works of Lars Von Trier, Danny Boyle, and David Lynch, I strongly suggest you investigate the Wicker Man and other such films of the era.  Sadly, you will find it quite difficult to snag them in most U.S. video stores.  Some are still not &quot;legal&quot; in the U.S..  The Wicker Man may be hard to find, but it has not been banned and it is well worth the extra investigative effort.  Also see the early films of Nick Roeg (Don't Look Now, The Performance and Walkabout ) and of famed diredctor Peter Weir (Picnic at Hanging Rock and the Last Wave)  All are brilliantly creepy and I feel that all are members of the secret lost genre.
0767802470|5.0|&quot;Das Boot&quot; is by and far the best submarine movie ever produced.  After seeing quite a few submarine movies that range from decent to all out horrible, this is the one to see.  Wolfgang Petersen is a very skilled director when dealing with very claustrophobic environments, such as a hijacked 747 in &quot;Air Force One,&quot; or a quarantined town in &quot;Outbreak.&quot;  But in &quot;Das Boot&quot; he truly outdoes anything done before or after.  This movie is filmaking at it's finest.  By being so long and drawn out, which was at first kind of a turn off, it makes the viewer become more and more drawn into the plot and the predicament of the crew.  By the end, you have a real idea of what living for days and months at a time under the water is like.  I'm a US submariner, so I have first hand experience.  This movie has the ability to at least give the viewer a taste of that.  Some American viewers won't like it, it's a European film, so it's not a typical Hollywood blockbuster.  For that the viewer should go pick up &quot;Hunt for Red October&quot; or the new &quot;U-571.&quot;  This is a dark, brooding and not very happy film, yet extremely gripping.  The performances were very good, especially Jurgen Prochnow's portrayal of the crusty, old guard submarine captiain, who is actually only about 30 years old.  All in all, this movie comes highly recommended, and should be watched by anyone wanting a real idea of what life is like on a submarine, even one of our modern nuclear submarines.
6305903182|1.0|THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN, IT IS A DISGRACE TO THE WHOLE HORROR/SUSPENSE MOVIES EVER MADE! NOT EVEN FUNNY OR GOREY, NO OLY PLAIN STUPID! NO STORY, NO BLOOD, NO COOL KILLER, NOTHING. IT IS A BAD MOVIE, IT SHOULD BE BURN AND ALL ITS COPIES. DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE AND GET AWAY FROM IT FAST
