0446310786|5.0|I will be brief;the other reviews here are praise enough. This is the book I took to the hospital when I went to deliver my first child. Needless to say, I didn't get much reading done, but the intent was there!This book, like &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot; is one of my &quot;comfort&quot; books!
0060975768|5.0|I am priviledged to know personally Gen. Moore &amp; Joe Galloway &amp; many of those soldiers who fought in the battle of Ia Drang. I am also familiar with the lingering effects of that battle on those who were there, &amp; their friends &amp; family. I've been to the annual reunion in D.C. held every Nov., been to the memorial service at The Wall early on a Sun. morning as the name of each soldier who fought in that battle is read by a &quot;brother&quot; who is there to honor him. Tears flow freely, without embarrasment. There are never enough hugs. The love Gen. Moore has for those men, &amp; they for each other, is unconditional. When I read the book, I felt such sadness &amp; anger that those of us &quot;back home&quot; were lied to by the very gov't. that was allowing our brothers, sons, husbands, lovers, to be put through such horror - &amp; Ia Drang was only the beginning. When I first met Gen. Moore &amp; thanked him for writing the book, his response was &quot;I had to. I had to. Those men must not be forgotten. America must know of their bravery.&quot; Those men will never be forgotten. And, FINALLY, we learned of their bravery. <br /> Also, to correct the synopsis, Joe Galloway did not &quot;accompany&quot; Gen. Moore to LZ X-Ray. He was able to &quot;bum&quot; a ride on a resupply helicopter the night of the first day's battle (Nov. 14th) only after getting permission from Gen. Moore. <br /> I was quite surprised by the 9/4/97 comments of Russell L. Ross,Albany 32, ref. changing the book from history to fiction. If Mr. Ross was a member of the 2nd BN who was at LZ Albany, his anger should be directed at Lt. Col. Bob McDade, whose stupidity put his battalion in a position to be ambushed &amp; massacred! I'm also at a loss ref Ross's rambling comments about Jack Smith &amp; the mechanics of the helicopters. I can assure Mr. Ross, there was nothing ficticious in the account of that battle!
0345315227|2.0|LESS OF A BOOK, FAR MORE A HOTCH-POTCH OF DISPARATE IDEAS.<BR>THIS SERIES HAS BEEN PLUMMETING FOR 30 YEARS, AND THIS CERTAINLY DOES NOTHING TO ARREST THE DECLINE.<BR>IT IS ALMOST TO BE EXPECTED OF CLARKE BY THIS TIME THAT CHARACTERISATION WILL BE AT A MINIMUM AND DIALOGUE STODGY, BUT AT LEAST HIS OTHER BOOKS CONVEYED SOME OF HIS<BR> ENTHUSIASM AND WONDER- THIS BOOK SEEMS LIKE A COLLECTION OF SCRIBBLED ON ENVELOPES AND CIGARETTE PACKETS, ASSEMBLED OVER 50-ODD YEARS WHICH CLARKE HAS UNEARTHED AND DECIDED TO STRING TOGETHER(MAYBE HE HAD TO PAY HIS ELECTRICITY BILL OR SOMETHING).<br /> THE ENDING IS PATHETIC, SAVE FOR THE FINAL VERSE, WHICH AT LEAST SERVED TO EVOKE A SNIPPET OF THE AWE OF 2001.<BR>CONVERSELY, HOWEVER, THE EPILOGUE REALLY IS EXCELLENT, AND PERHAPS DEMONSTRATES THE DEFINING DICHOTOMY OF THIS AUTHOR'S CAREER; CLARKE THE SCIENTIST IS AN UNDOUBTED GENIUS<BR> WHO HAS MESMERISED US FOR YEARS, AND WILL ONLY BECOME MORE VENERATED AS THE DECADES ROLL ON-<BR>BUT CLARKE THE WRITER IS AN ARTIST WITH A (SADLY) VERY LIMITED PALETTE. <br /> IF YOU VALUE THE EMOTION YOU FELT WHEN READING OR WATCHING 2001,THEN AVOID THIS BOOK LIKE THE PLAGUE.
0345350499|5.0|I would have to say that this book made me see things about how women are depicted in today's Western, Christain society and say &quot;That's where that idea came from.&quot; The ideas and idologies presented in this book finally show a way of thinking, not linked with Christianity, that are so much a part of how most people look at things. I think all women need to see that there was once a different way of looking at the world that involved them as not being the ones in the wrong but the ones with all the power.
0684874350|5.0|What amazes me is that amidst all the pain, suffering and abject poverty, the author and his family never gave in to despair but were always hopeful! And the other thing that touched me is the love that was always there whatever happened ... between his parents, among the brothers and most especially Frank's for his father! I'll never forget this book!
0679759328|5.0|Anita's Brookner's &quot;Hotel du Lac&quot; is purely perfect.  Her writing is precise, sparkling, and emotive. Edith Hope (even the name is evocative), is one of Brookner's most finely drawn characters.  <br /> Sent by well-meaning friends to a timeless, proper hotel at the tail-end of the tourist season for a transgression of the romantic sort, spinsterish Edith is left to ponder the outcome of the rest of her life. But there are tentative friendships, quiet observations and a fragile hope that come from her exile.  <br /> Reading this novel gave me the exaltation that comes from reading great literary fiction, along with the satisfaction of discovering a well-written story. Treasure this book!
0380018179|5.0|I have read and re-read this book more times than I can remember, yet every time, there's something new. There are a few slow parts, but this is without a doubt a book you will never forget. There's always a moment of melancholy when you finish it...feels like you've lost a good friend to turn the last page and know there's no more. Fiction? Well, sorta......you might not find a real, live Meghann Cleary, but I've no doubt that there's alot of Meggies and Ralphs out there.....
0399142851|1.0|A smallpox-like virus threatens Dr. Kay?  Kill her off, I say.  What a completely unsympathetic character.  In fact, now that I think about it, there isn't a single sympathetic character in the batch.  Kay is always prickly, even to those she supposedly loves.  And, I'm sorry, I work in a predominantly male-dominated industry, and I certainly don't see the recriminations Kay faces every single day.  Of course, I also have a nasty tendancy to be occasionally PLEASANT.  While I'm on the topic of prickly, Lucy.  GET OVER IT.  I hope the FBI isn't truly made up of idiots of the caliber of Lucy.  She may be a programming genius, but she's a rotten field agent.  Benton is almost likeable, but he loses points for being in love with Kay.  What a lousy way to resolve the Mark issue.  Seriously, Kay pined over him for how many books?  And to get over him after hearing one simple statement?  Puh-lease.  Patricia Cornwell, go back to your day job.  Or, at least, if you're going to write novels, get a ghost writer.
0786880708|5.0|EXCELLENT book with the perspective sorely needed today in our fast paced lives. Deeply and truthfully appreciative of the individual human spirit and needs, that need to be addressed in all of us caused by past and present life and personal experiences. This book shows how each individual how to find their own way to take the time we need to take for ourselves and to appreciate the humanity in others and ourselves. GREAT BOOK. A MUST READ FOR EVERYONE. ESPECIALLY PARENTS AND COUPLES. ACTUALLY....ANYONE. Can't say enough good things about the inspiration this book inspired in myself both by the writing and the quotes the author uses. Our society should be looking to share more of this book on a wider scale. This book is true &quot;chicken soup for the spirit and soul.&quot;
0446364495|1.0|...because it irrefutably illuminates the decline (if not death) of literacy in our present society. How else can one explain its status as a phenomenal best-seller? In any other time and place in history, a book like this could not have been conceived, let alone written, published, and embraced shamelessly by so many. A book this stupendously shallow, derivative, and just plain bad, could only be born and cherished in a world where reading books has almost become a thing of the past. For those who claim this is the best book they have ever read, the only explanation is that they have not read (or could not understand) any other books. They are like tiny children who have been offered a choice between a rumpled fifty-dollar bill and a shiny nickel. They can appreciate The Bridges Of Madison County only because they have no idea what they are missing.
0679457313|1.0|I bought this book on the strength of the review I read in our newspaper - I'll never make THAT mistake again!  I absolutely don't get the hype over this novel.  I couldn't follow the plot.  I couldn't find a SINGLE reason to care about what happened to any of these characters.  And I found Roy's &quot;unusual&quot; style distracting and affected.
0812523334|4.0|Little Women is interesting and heartwarming, but sometimes it can also be annoying, because all the girls want to be good so much. I think there are a lot of girls who don't want to be good at all. I don't like it that the author takes wanting to be good for granted.
0061002860|5.0|I didn't need a one line summary for this book, just the one word.  For whatever reasons, this is the first Christie book I've read.  I've seen some of the films made from her work, the best, IMO, being Witness For The Prosecution, directed by Billy Wilder. I had heard that this was a good one to start with, and is it ever.  It is not only terrifically plotted, but it has great characters, sparkling dialogue, and it is beautifully written and constructed.  I'm not saying anything else other than it's a must-read.
0425152251|5.0|There was no better way to educate one self.  Jostein Gaarder, to my oppinion, is the best teacher I ever had.  For the first time, I understood the study of Marx, Darwin,plato.... This was the most interesting process to learn philosophy
0679457313|4.0|This very very emotional and introspective novel by Ms. Arundhati Roy is one of the best I have read. This novel may not move you to tears but will haunt you for days. I have woken up a lot of mornings with rahel, eatha and ammu's tears from my eyes.  It makes you wonder about the human mind. The incest of rahel and estha made me think. Really think. Being a &quot;two-egg twin&quot; myself I thought, &quot;Would I have done that ?&quot;. My instinct was to say no, but honestly I do not know. May be thats natural given the life of both of them. What they did that night was not physical love but a expression of the longing love. A must read.
0140157352|5.0|The foundation of all great negotiation books, Getting to Yes gives you the real                                    essence of mutual gains negotiation. It's a neat, concise, little paperback, and a fast                                    read. It's so neat and concise, in fact, that you should buy multiple copies and hand                                    them out to people you like - or to people you want to like you. I've read it a dozen                                    or so times and I keep finding new insights.                                       The main ideas of the book are that positional negotiation is pointless, and that our                                    negotiations should focus on interests rather than positions. As far as I'm                                    concerned, if that's the only thing you recall from reading this book, you'll have                                    learned something indispensable. But, by the time you finish Getting to Yes, you'll                                    be convinced that negotiation is a simple matter of figuring out what you really                                    want, what the other side wants, and working out the space where those interests                                    intersect -- despite the generalizations, deletions, and distortions the other side                                    might use to confuse you.                                        One of the leading fundamental constructs presented in Getting to Yes - which                                    differs radically from my own number one tenet - is &quot;separate the people from the                                    problem.&quot; Getting to Yes proposes that problems exist objectively and can be                                    analyzed on their own merits, independent of people's perceptions, attributions,                                    and relationships. My contention is that a problem only exists to whatever extent it                                    is perceived by the beholder. As such , there is no problem if you separate the                                    people from it.                                        In real life, it's impossible to disentangle people issues from discussions of                                    &quot;concrete substance.&quot; Regardless of the prescriptive in Getting to Yes, real                                    problem solving negotiations require constant simultaneous attention to the                                    problem and the people. The skills you really need to extract and understand                                    others' perceived interests in the context of a relationship aren't taught in Getting                                    to Yes. The book diagnoses the conditions that cause difficulty in negotiation, but                                    doesn't offer all components of the cure.                                       Nevertheless, one dose each of Sales Effectiveness Training and Getting to Yes                                    should cure just about anything that ails any normal negotiation. As John Kenneth                                    Galbraith says of Getting to Yes, &quot;This is by far the best thing I've ever read about                                    negotiation...equally relevant for the individual who would like to keep his friends,                                    property, and income and the statesman who would like to keep the peace.&quot; What other endorsement do you need?
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down, by Richard Adams, is the best book I have ever read.  It is a touching and suspenseful story that takes us into the minds and hearts of a warren of courageous rabbits fleeing their home.  <br />Although many people would think that this book would read like a fantastical fairy tale, it does not.  Richard Adams simple, vivid, flowing writing forms a beautifuly woven tale of suspense and drama, terror and tragedy, love and joy.  And despite the fact that the characters are animals, this author finds away to make them human and realistic, from the basic needs to their fated enemies.  <br /> This story begins on a warm summer eve while the Sandleford warren is at silflay(grazing).  It there goes to the bond and trust between two brothers, Hazel and Fiver, that lead them to round up as many rabbits as possible in order to flee their home in the face of danger.   The story then takes you through the hills and forests and across the rivers on the course of their flight.  The tale tells of their adventures and troubles that do not end even at the sight of their new home. From their new warren they must search and eventually battle a group of troubled and warlike rabbits in order to survive. <br /> This story takes you beyond the bounds of traditional imagination, into a world filled with understanding and balance with nature.  It creates friendships and troubles for creatures that have so often been ignored in society.  This classic has paved the way for many more that follow in it's wake.  By all right this book should belong to everyone, young and old, and treasured as a classic to love and hold and to read over and over again.  I present to you Watership Down, the best book ever written.
0552137030|5.0|Discworld author Terry Pratchett and Neil &quot;the Sandman&quot; Gaimon have conspired to perpetrate the funniest novel I've ever read. Making such alledged &quot;laff riots&quot; as The Princess Bride and Confederacy of Dunces pale in comparison, Good Omens has the same wonderfully skewed British sensibility as the best of Monty Python. Insightful and inventive, chock-full of wonderful throwaway &quot;bits&quot;, Good Omens made me realize the apocalypse could be a hoot. The only book I've ever bought multiple copies of...and the subject of my holy grail, the coveted hardcover edition.
0380002930|5.0|I know that I already wrote a review, but it was mainly for the review contest.  I felt that I needed to write something inresponse to the very few people who could stoop to write that it was poor.<br /> Anyone who does not read a whole book has no buisness reviewing or giving a critique on it. You cannot say that this book wasn't exciting considering that most of the time thier lives were in danger and that there was a huge batte filled with suspense.<br /> I honestly doubt that there is a giften and talented class out there that would have a hard time reading this book.  Maybe it just isn't a very bright class.  People that are intelligent understand the true ability of the write and excellent story plot.   My father read this to me when I was in fifth grade and I was enchanted with it.  I could not bare to put it down every night and I have read it many times since.  This is the best book ever written for young and old.  IT's a true classic.
0312932081|5.0|I had heard about &quot;Ender's Game&quot; for years before I actually picked it up to read it.  My husband recommended it strongly, as did all of my friends who had read it. Given all the hype, I was prepared to be disappointed.  Instead, I found the book to be everything promised.  On a literary level, it was simply and clearly written, and in this era of excess verbiage, that is a definite plus.  As science fiction, it holds up in every way.  Certainly the situation is extraordinary; why would we want to read about it otherwise?  Reading the few negative reviews, I couldn't help noticing that the main criticism was that the premise was unlikely.  In the first place, as speculative fiction, &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is not bound by the laws of possibility.  But if it were, it would still hold up.  An institution dedicated solely to the purpose of finding one extraordinarily gifted child capable of saving the world would almost certainly unearth a person as remarkable as Ender Wiggin.  The reviewers who scoffed at the idea clearly have very little faith in humanity, and no concept of the human potential.  It's worth noting that the harshest critics of Card's writing style and his premise were almost all laughably bad writers; it's as if this book forced them to face up to their own inadequacies.  It's no wonder they couldn't identify with Ender Wiggin.
0425129586|5.0|This was the first Christie book I encountered.  A friend persuaded me to read this book, and ever since I've been hooked.  This book, however, is by far the best Christie book I have read yet.  I may only by 13, but I've been reading full length novels since 2nd grade, so I have a pretty good sense about books.  Christie takes you in from the beginning, by taking what seems to be a perfectly innocent vacation, and immediatly adding suspicion.  Then, adding in the idea of murder, which, of course, sets the scene for any good murder mystery.  She then eliminated all the possible suspects, one by one, untill you know who the murderer is.  Or so you think.  Then that person dies, and you start all over again, only with no witnesses,or suspects.  Just when you think that this will be an open-ended book with no ending, the police recieve a letter from the murderer, who you had already suspected, but then dismissed him as a possible suspect because of death.  If you have not read any of these books, or have not read this one, I would strongly recommend this one.  But be careful, if you haven't read Christie yet, this book will get you hooked, and you won't be able to stop reading her books.
0140177396|5.0|My name is Adam Moulton and I am 14, and loved Of Mice And Men. It is a great book to read if you enjoy classics I guarentee you will love this book. It is based around two great charecters George, and lennie. It is a sad touching book. It is a great book for beginners to experts. It is a great gift to give. If you enjoyed The Red Poney, To Kill A Mocking Bird, Travels With Charley,etc. then this is the book for you. Read this book.
038542471X|4.0|The Client is really a nice book to read, easy to understand even for Non-Americans. Compared to  the book, you can almost forget the movie, except Tommy Lee Jones.
6303481345|5.0|Impressive movie with good ending for each story, within the movie. Over all, the story filled with myth and legend, was truly enjoyable. Both with sub-title &amp; dubbed, I preferred sub-title to get the true emotion of each character. The hero's and villain's hate for each other was believable, as was the romance of the hero and heroines. I list this, along with AKIRA, Galaxy Express 999, as one of my best owned animated movie's.     END
0848801571|5.0|By far one of the best ACC book's I have read.Very thoughtful &amp; provoking work by the master of science fiction. Kalleren, Stormgren, Jan and George really come alive. <br /> Clarke poses the real question of if the stars are really for us, and can be rivalled to a thinking man's Independence Day, but, in my opinion, a lot more engrossing.
0465068359|5.0|Were you to read only the Kirkus review, you would dismiss this book.  However, the Kirkus review is biased, ignorant and incorrect.  Unfortunately, in recent times, Kirkus has become home to opinionated, ill-informed microencepheletics, and its reviews are generally worthless. In this case, the Kirkus reviewer has completely misrepresented a powerful work that will stay with you long after you have turned the last page. Having lived in Japan and worked with the Japanese military post-war in an official training and advisory capacity, the subject of the Nanking horror came up more than once.  The Japanese insisted it never happened, was merely Chinese propaganda. This book puts the lie to that assertion.
0446310786|5.0|I just read To Kill A Mockingbird I am 14 and loved the book. Charecters Atticus,Jem,Scout,Dill,Bob Ewell,Tom Robinson,Mayella Ewell,Calpurnia,Etc. I would recomend this book to both kids and adults. It is easy to get into and hard to put down. If you are looking for a classic look no farther than To Kill A Mocking Bird. A must read for classcic book readers. Adam Moulton
0679457313|4.0|I very much enjoyed &quot;God of Small things&quot;.    Having just read &quot;THE Autobiography of Jesus of Nazareth and the Missing Years&quot; (set largely in the same areas), Ms Roy's wonderful book filled in the hearbeat of India for which Patton's book left me yearning.   It was the humanity of Ms. Roy's writing that I found so absorbing.   A worthy winner of the Booker prize.
0061053147|5.0|Future Noir almost reads like a novel with its behind the scenes examination of the making of Blade Runner.  It is a must-read for anyone who goes to movies for it exposes the harsh realities of personality clashes, near financial disasters, humorous anecdotes, and ultimately a climax after a thrilling roller coaster of a ride of how could this movie have ever been made in the first place.  Paul Simmon has put flesh and soul on the names normally ignored as the credits flashed by on the movie screen.  He even offers optional sections of his book you can skip without losing the thread of the book (if you wish).  This book is easily read, entertaining, and insightful.  Learn how movies are funded, how earlier special effects were imaginatively put together, how books get altered into movies, what a director really does, discover the fascinating overlapping and intersecting parallels between movies, stars, and movie personalities.  And perhaps most important of all &quot;what was this movie all about anyhow&quot;.  This book may make you laugh, perhaps even cry.  But in all instances, it will give you a greater appreciation of what movie making is all about.  With the exception of a number of elusive questions left answered (the delay of a soundtrack to the movie, the real story behind Harrison Ford and Sean Young) and a number of new mysteries raised (who was the third actress screen tested?), Mr. Sammon's book is a refreshing, important look into the one of the most intriguing movies of our time.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I've alwalys known Radiohead was something special.  Pablo Honey was certainly not a spectacular album, though there were some outstanding songs, a launchpad for future albums, you might say.  The Bends drew upon classic rock for inspiration and managed still to sound wholly new.  The blueprints for OK Computer were encrypted into some of the best song on the Bends such as &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, &quot;Nice Dream&quot;, &quot;Just&quot;, &quot;My Iron Lung&quot; and &quot;Street Spirit&quot;.  The band made a hyper-jump into the future to record the magnificent and stunning OK Computer.  I hear people often say that there should have been an album between OK Computer and the Bends, I respond by asking them if they have heard the song &quot;Talk Show Host (R&amp;J Mix)&quot;, that this one song sufficiently forges the stylistic gap between the two separately brilliant albums.     People often ask why I think OK Computer is so unique and spectacular, I ask them to name one other band that sounds like Radiohead on OK Computer, and no one ever can.  In desperation, many name bands that you can tell influenced the band, such as Pink Floyd and Sonic Youth, I concur, but the comparison heads only at the degree of influence.     OK Computer, floats from the speaker and into your head and all of your exposed skin, seeping in through your pores and leaking in a most wonderful sort of infection, that incubates while listening to the album.  When the you reach the last bars of  The Tourist, the last track on OK Computer, you begin to be overtaken by the album.  It has enough texture to steal your emotions away from you, and manipulating them to their own devices.  Ethereal sounds pulsate and lie just beneath the surface of the music.  When I saw them live, the emotive, melacholy beauty of &quot;Exit Music (for a film)&quot;, brought me to tears, I was crying for the song's subjects and because I'd never heard anything so dually sad and beautiful.     END
0440224764|2.0|Improbably plot with improbabable ending.
089845915X|5.0|Regarded by many as the seminal Amercian novel, The Grapes of Wrath is not merely a snapshot of Dust Bowl poverty, but of the strength of the human spirit.  While the movie focuses on the character of Tom Joad, Steinbeck's book is really about Tom's mother, and how she eventually assumes the leadership of her family.  The pages are literally choked with the red dust of Oklahoma's ruined farms, and of the dust and exhaust fumes on the road to California.  The dialogue is colloquial and accurately portrayed.  His characters are rich in substance, as is the entire story.  Throughout the book, the scene is introduced with poetically-written interludes, giving the reader a clear sense of where he or she is.  For those who feel content with the John Ford film, I recommend the book, if only for the sheer enjoyment one can get from reading this work.
0671004107|4.0|I loved the book, but was a little bit disspointed  with the ending.
0385486804|5.0|Krakauer turned a personal tragedy into a public debate.  Was this kid really a &quot;free spirit&quot; trying to find himself or an arrogant son trying to punish his father?  How you answer that question will probably tell you more about yourself than about Chris McCandless.  Perhaps that's why so many readers find the book disturbing - but one you can't stop reading.  If you don't find yourself thinking about this book when you have finished reading it - you definitely didn't &quot;get it&quot;.
0880381736|5.0|The DragonLance Saga is, by far, the most wonderful adventure and fantasy series ever written, and this book is written by two of the worlds best fantasy writers too!  If you read this book, get ready for an adventure and thrill of a lifetime.
0307010856|5.0|This is the greatest book ever.  My parents read it to me when I was a child.  Every night I had to have it read to me.  It was the first book I learned to read.  Unfortunatly my Mom had to throw it away because it was so worn.  For years I looked for this book.  I finally gave up a few years ago.  Well, a couple of weeks ago I found a copy in my cousin's toy box!  I was so excited I decided to look for it again.  Now I've found it.  I would reccommend this book for every child (and even a few adults)  It is a wonderful story with a wonderful surprise ending
0393038912|2.0|I have to offer a contrary opinion to the glowing reviews here. While most have been pretty insightful -- I only found one blatant racist pig -- they seem to miss a fundamental point: why is the economic and political dominance of the west that Diamond researches seen as inherently _good_?  There's no doubt that the events he chronicles did happen, the disease, the political conquests, etc, and I believe most of his reasons as to why they did. The problem lies in the fact that neither he, nor the other reviewers here, ask the more fundamental question -- So WHAT?  So what if the west has better weapons, resistance to disease, and economic dominance? Why are these equated with success or superiority? We need to deconstruct _why_ these were/are seen as the goal for civilizations past and present.  The New Guinean asks why whites have more &quot;cargo&quot; -- no doubt a provocative question -- but no one stops to think &quot;is 'cargo' really good, or desirable, or admirable?&quot; Diamond has taken a very traditional and very male view of what exactly is the &quot;good stuff&quot; in life.
0399208534|5.0|I've given this book to just about everyone I know who has a kid, and it never fails to please both the kids and the adults. I love that caterpillar! &quot;The Very Busy Spider&quot; is also a winner.
6304504012|5.0|Having always enjoyed one of those fascinated/yet slightly disgusted relationships with the Material Girl, and being a dedicated Andrew Lloyd-Weber fan, I decided that the movie was a must for me.  Evita did not disappoint, even though the portrayal of her stays mainly to the darker side of the legend.  If you love AL-W's music (hey, I've only seen Phantom 5 times) , are interested in the Evita legend, and don't flat out hate Madonna, this is a compelling movie......and Antonio Banderas is more than up to the role of Che and quite sexy in the bargain!  On the humorous side, I had an older acquaintaince tell me that she and her husband had walked out of the movie about half way through.  When Iasked why, fully expecting that it was because of Madonna whom I know she loathes, I was told that it was because the whole thing was sung!  I replied that it was, after all, a musical, hadn't she known that? Her reply - well, they ought to have told you that in the ads!    END
0440539811|2.0|Ok, so it changed my politics (or just gave me a name to call ideas I already had) but did it really have to take 800+ excruciating pages? What a waste of time! fnord.
0553277472|5.0|On one level this is an adventure story, on another, its a metaphysical journey, on yet another its a primer on life...Pirsig is able to intertwine his journey with philosphy, adventure, and discovery.  I had to read this book twice to fuly understand it.  After the first 100 pages i could not put this book down!
0684874350|5.0|Wonderful!  I simply could not put this book down and felt compelled to shut myself in until I reached the very last delicious page.    A simple, lyrical and painfully honest work.  Loved it!  Am stunned in a void until I find another book as worthy.
0440227275|5.0|I think when I found out abuot release I was going to cry. It wasn't right to do that to children. I think Jonas made a right decision on take Gabe and leave the community. Some of the rules were unfair. I would like to pick who to marry and what job I want. Also making one person like the giver deal with all their pain is rude. I think this books shows you that sameness isn't always good. They couldn' even see in color because people according to the community would be jelious.
0793518326|5.0|For the musician who loves the Beatles and is particular about playing an arranagement and &quot;getting it right&quot;, or for the music lover interested in the nuances of just how the Beatles made their music,&quot;Beatles-Complete Scores&quot; is the book you have been waiting for. Information included in &quot;Complete Scores&quot; goes far beyond other Beatle Books and is really all you will ever need.  On the downside--in the &quot;picky&quot;catagory--I would personally like to see the print a little larger(if possible for a collection of material of this size) and a plain bold type rather than the somewhat stylized type,just to make it easier to read while holding a guitar and figuring out an arrangment.In summary, if you are a Beatles fan looking for the &quot;real stuff&quot; buy this book! Steven O. Sellers San Antonio,Texas
0399128964|5.0|i am 42 and read this book for the first time when a teen ager. it still holds up. i have read the many reviews and am surprised that no mentioned the astounding theory of time presented by hebert and also his fusion of mysticism with space travel. in a time when humanity seems second to machine he proposes that the ultimate secrets of the universe are found within, not by the scientst or machines. when the world said no to drugs in the 80's dune proposed the only way for true space travel was with the use a mind and body altering drug, the spice. what would nancy think? this book changed the way i thought of my relation to the universe and has left me with a hunch that time is both predtermined and unpredictible, like a river wide at times and narrow and defined and at times a &quot;pit&quot; which is horrible to &quot;see&quot; . but most of all it instilled a faith in the human soul as one of the greatest mysteries and force in the universe.
0140049975|5.0|While approaching the end of his career, Steinbeck attempted to weave together an epic of two families, culminating in the gigantic work of East of Eden.  Covering a period of over 50 years, the novel tries to do so much more:  the retelling of the Cain and Abel story in the farmlands of the Salinas Valley which was Steinbeck's home and the setting for many of his works.  If there is any fault in the novel that stands out, it is in the heavily contrived nature of the storyline and its characters.  In spite of this, Steinbeck wrote with such force and utter conviction that the reader is asked to be carried along on faith.  One does not enter into such a pact lightly.  For his part, the author presents his tale with honesty and integrity.  It is not asking too much for the reader to take him at his word.  This saga of the Trask and Hamilton families covers the gamut of human experience, and while many of the characters are despicable in nature, the reader may feel a degree of empathy for them.  This is no small feat for an author.  As in earlier works, Steinbeck is unrivaled in setting the scene, in this case the Salinas Valley he knew so well.  There is a love-hate relationship here.  Life is hard, especially for those unfortunates who struggle in the arid wastes in the foothills.  This is home to the Hamiltons, an Irish immigrant family scraping out a living from its meager topsoil.  The interior of the Valley is described as rich and  bountiful, and the other family described in the novel, the Trasks, enjoy its fruits.  In time these two parties meet, and through their association, their lives are enriched.  Steinbeck chooses this novel to introduce the character of Cathy Ames, a monster with the face of an angel.  Nowhere in literature is found a more frightening and twisted individual.  This evil in the form of innocence is thrust suddenly into the life of Adam Trask, and from here on the novel broadens into a tragic epic.  Having entered into a pact with the author the reader is begged to forgive Steinbeck for the various contrivances he employed to bring his story to life.  For those who have seen the awful movie with James Dean, forget it.  Give Steinbeck the benefit of the doubt and read the novel.
0553573403|5.0|This is a great book that I luckily stumbled upon at my local bookstore. Intriguing plot twists and excellent writing will cause many a sleepless night.
6303443214|5.0|Although I did not think that Tom Cruise could do this part, I soon lost track of &quot;Tom Cruise&quot; and enjoyed the movie very much.<BR> This movie is a synopsizes of the book.<BR> Read the book for a truly disturbing and fascinating story.     END
B000002AGB|5.0|This CD is perfect for any fan of The Who, or anyone looking to see what the fuss is all about over this band. It functions almost like a Who primer, including all of their greatest songs (with the possible exeption of &quot;Who are you&quot;) alongside their masterpiece, &quot;Tommy&quot;. This performance of Tommy is a true milestone in the evolution of the Deaf, dumb, and blind boy. It is representative of the golden age in between the original double-album released in 1969 and the disasterous Ken Russell movie. Alongside the great music, you can almost smell the cannabis in the stale air, and see Pete Townshend playing his guitar windmill-style. As close as you can come to the 60's without time travel.     END
0440219078|5.0|I think I enjoyed this book, because I could relate to the main charactor. His want for understanding the giver, and what really happened around him. At first, he was scared and didn't think he had the 'magic' within him. I highy recommend this book for it's wonderful discribtion, understanding of the world, and interesting happenings. You never really know what's going to happen next. Therefore it is sooo hard to put down. Even as the novel ends, you'd wander what happened to him. I love a good book that 'changes' your theory of the world and it's people.
0684874350|4.0|Frank McCourt's book is brilliantnly written. I loved it, even if repetitive sometimes. Sometimes it was almost painful how much I could relate to some mentality descriptions of the social envrioment in which young McCourt has grown up. It is funny, for I have never been to Ireland, nor met anyone Irish, but have grown up in another poor European catholic country (Croatia). The paragraph that stroke me the most as very familiar is this one: &quot;The master says it's a glorious thing to die for the Faith and Dad says it's a glorious thing to die for Ireland and I wonder if there's  anyone in the world who would like us to live.&quot; That was almost enough for me to love this book. Thank you, Frank McCourt, for having the word in your heart to express it!
0812524586|5.0|<br />Card is a virtual mastermind in his portrayal of Ender and his siblings.  Any author that can delve that deep into the mind of a child, much less three of them, must have something going for them.  Anybody that sees these three child geniuses and adults in children's clothing must have lived a very unproductive childhood.  Card recognizes and incorporates how different and left out gifted children often feel, and how such isolation often leads to activities which are as much a challenge of the mind as they are a challenge of the body, activities ranging from the spiral drawing on his desk at the very beginning of the book to the Battle Room.   <br />Characterization in this book was admittedly weak in some points, but only if you expect an author to say &quot;this boy has brown hair and blue eyes and is 4'7&quot; tall.&quot;  The mind of a person, especially with the innocence of a child, is what determines a person's worth, and that is what Card focuses on in his characterizations.   <br />Finally, this book is not limited merely to the single plot and subplot of Ender and his siblings.  There exist many levels of plot and subplot, mostly focusing on the interaction of Ender and his siblings with others, whether those others be of the same or different age and same or different caliber of mind, or any combination thereof.  It is this human interaction which Card fully understands and what makes this book so fascinating.
0679720200|2.0|One of the worst books I have ever read. I don't know why anybody would want to  read a book about a person who is bored....
0684874350|5.0|Written with refreshing honesty, feeling and humour.  It is hard to put into words the range and depth of emotions one feels whilst reading this book.  It is a book that should be read by anyone with Irish parents raised during the 30's in order that they may understand. Thank you Mum &amp; Dad.  Thank you Mr McCourt.
1558002065|5.0|I am a 12 year girl who read this book at ten, and have read it 4 times since! I find something more profound each time, such as humility, obedience, etc.  It has given great interest in Chinese culture, and has inspired me to write my own story of a Chinese family.  Absolutely Spellbinding!                                                (Callie Collins)
0312853238|5.0|Like I said this book is without a doubt the greatest book of all time.  With A main character you can relate to, and feel desparetly sorry for, Plus a supporting cast of equally well written characters.  One can't help but be enthralled by Ender and his journey through a futuristic military school.    Scott-Card really illuminates the child genius we all wish we could be, and for a little while lets us become that child, as he triumphs over himself, and the world.
0385040253|5.0|As a hunter, camper, and outdoors columnist, I am constantly called upon to use various bits of ropework as I go about the day's activities.  I thought I had a fair bit of knowledge on the subject of rope until I read this book.  I simply couldn't believe there were so many ways to use the stuff.<br /> If for any reason you have to use rope, you should read this book.  If you are interested in macreme, this book is for you.  If you like the nautical life, this book is a must-have.  If you like braiding, read this book.  Even if you're only going on a road trip, this book will show you a dozen ways to lash your luggage down tight.<br /> The section on serving the ends of line to prevent its unraveling is particularly useful to anyone that uses rope a lot.  And, if you have to lift heavy loads with a pulley, you'll love the section dedicated to just that jubject.  I work around a farm and am always looking for new ways to use rope.  Every time I breeze through the pages, I learn something new.<br /> Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, carpenters, craftsmen, hobbyists, mariners and historians, this book is for you.  I never thought of ropework as an artform but it is. The day I added this title to my library was a good day.  I cannot say enough about the Ashley Book of Knots and recommend it without hesitation. Every library should have a copy.
0446364495|5.0|I love the book, in fact reread it 3 times and it never failed to touch me deeply.  I just wonder how readers could give it a 1 to 4 or even 7 book rating when the author incorported lots of deep and meaningful language, colorful comparizons.. i.e. Peregrine.  For me it is a &quot;10&quot; ten times over.  I specially love the scene where Francesca was in the car with her husband and watching Robert Kincaid drive away....I cried my heart out on that scene.  This book will stay with me forever!!!!
0380973634|4.0|This could have been a great book.  One of the highest on my list of great fantasy books.  It was funny, it had nice dialogue, and interesting characters (Old Bailey, Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemaar are my favorites).  The premise itself was interesting itself, if not used before (see &quot;Down Town&quot;): an underside to London where people fall through the cracks and Richard dragged from the Upworld to the underside.  And if it had completely failed as a story, then it makes a pretty nice travel guide to London (I'm speaking as someone who read the American version of the book and has never been to London before). But the ending!  I felt so disappointed.  It was the ending that made it an nice book, but not a great book.
B000002BBY|5.0|Again with the second album oasis show they are getting better, the songs are fantastic and with a new drummer they show new dimensions. Whats the Story? has amazing songs like Wonderwall, Don't look back in anger, Champaign Supernova and Morning Glory. The songs that agin became world anthems of 95-96, the boys are back! Oasis=the best.    END
B000002AS3|5.0|The debut albun from the boys from Burnage, Manchester, England was the fastest selling debut album ever in British music history and it was no suprize when it went to No1. The songs are fantastic with some great tunes that will last forever, with songs like &quot;Cigarettes &amp; Alcohol&quot;, &quot;Slide Away&quot;, &quot;Supersonic&quot; and &quot;Live Forever&quot;, they were the national anthems of '94 in England. This album totally blew all other musicians of the planet on release. A piece of art! Chris Welch Vancouver, BC Canada   END
B000002C25|5.0|The third and arguably the best of all three Oasis albums, this set of music shows the world class and genius of Noel Gallagher. The album was the fastest selling album since Michael Jacksons &quot;Bad&quot;, with songs like &quot;D'You know what I mean?&quot;, &quot;Don't Go Away&quot;, &quot;All Around the World&quot; and &quot;Stand By Me&quot;. Oasis once again prove themselves to be the best and biggest band in England and the one of the biggest bands in the world. Also they are fantastic live. Liams vocals on the songs are better than ever along with Paul McGuigan, Paul Arthurs and Alan White, oasis are turning them selves into greats that will &quot;Live Forever&quot; Keep up the fantastic work guys. Are you MAD FOR IT? Chris Welch  Vancouver. BC Canada   END
0345315227|2.0|There is a time to keep going and a time to stop. For the Space Odyssey \\"franchise\\", stop please. The saga began with Odyssey 2001 in stunning form, with the brilliant setting of the opening scene in primordial Africa and developing surely to the Star Child. Odyssey 2010 which followed maintained Clarke's high standards with a compelling story and a fascinating denouement. Odyssey 2061 saw the first cracks in the edifice as Clarke meandered all over with a clumsy and rather amateurish plot, yet managed to retain a bit of the atmosphere and ethos of the saga. By now, fans of Clarke and the saga had grown in number and hence Odyssey 3001 was received with cheers; which however slowly died away as the extent of Clarke's slippage dawned. Frank Poole returns from the dead thanks to the chill of outer space and new medical techniques. His recovery and reintegration into a society which has advanced a millennium is brushed over and loses all force, despite Clarke's using the quote of advanced science appearing magical to a time traveler from the past. Little attempt is made by Clarke to explore this theme despite its immense possibilities. The idea of computer viruses as the ultimate weapon of mankind against the monolith and its masters is ingenious. However the very idea of the monolith's mysterious masters dispassionately weighing Earth and finding its inhabitants wanting is more suggestive of a religious orientation and is perhaps (sorry to be cruel) indicative of Clarke's advanced age. One must add, to be fair, that the novel still sparkles in parts with the typical quirks and quips that Clarke is loved for. The part where a circumcised Poole is rejected by a potential lover who equates circumcision with mutilation is a good example. But one longs for the clarity, the coherence, the brilliance that shine through in Clarke's earlier works. This is an effort that might win a newcomer laurels, but not Clarke. He falls by his own supremely high standards of excellence. Asa fan of Clarke, I am disappointed in this work.
0345403959|5.0|This was my first Eddings book and I honestly enjoyed it. If you are new to Eddings work don't be thrown off by the way this book starts off. After the first 100 pages or so you will find it hard to put down. It pulls you in and leaves you wanting for more which is now Polgara The Sorceress. Also this book is long 700+ pages in paperback. It turned me in to a bonified Eddings fan and I cannot recomend it enough. BRILLIANT!
0440213525|5.0|Mark Sway and his younger brother are on their own while their mother struggles to make ends meet at a crummy job. While she is at work, the temptation to misbehave proves too great. The boys sneak off into the woods near their trailer park to smoke cigarettes, and end up witnessing the suicide of a lawyer. He was about to embark on a huge trial involving the mob, but before his drunken demise he reveals a secret to Mark that puts him in grave danger, as both defendants and prosecutors prove they will do anything to uncover Mark's secret. Mark Sway seeks out help and protection from those after him, and happens upon Ms. Reggie Love. Reggie is a divorced, middle-aged woman who's just recently passed the bar exam. Scarred by the effects of alcoholism, including a husband and children who left her long ago, Reggie has struggled to regain control of her life and bury the pain of her past. Reggie takes Mark as her client, but soon finds that the law alone will not keep them safe. And she will do anything necessary to protect her client... and herself.  This book has many stories. It is of a lawyer protecting a client. It is of a young boy in need of someone to care for him and keep him safe. It is a story of social class, the Sways having everything stacked against them emotionally, medically, and legally because they simply don't have enough money. This is also a tale of a woman who overcame severe personal problems and starts over, determined to do things right this time, no matter what. This is a fabulous story. The movie was also well done, but, as usual, the book is always better. Many kudos to Mr. Grisham for giving us this suspenseful tale; it's one of his best.
044022425X|5.0|If only History had been taught in schools the way Ms Gabaldon manages to tell it!  I guarantee there would be boys more interested in learning - Jamie as a role model going from young Scot to treasonous activist to prisoner to pioneer - and Claire moving from a simple wife and mother (if ever there was such a thing!!) to a time traveller and pioneer would be a role-model for any young woman searching to find her way! <BR> <BR>I LOVED all of the books in this series and was lucky enough to find three of them in one go - the pain of waiting for Drums was immense, and now I find myself in the same position as many - waiting with baited breath for the next epic.  I find myself feeling for the characters, laughing, crying, hoping and dreaming.  The sensitive way in which Ms Gabaldon deals with Bree's rape by Stephens, the love between Bree and Roger which mirrors Claire and Jamie - it fills the heart.  I will never part with my copies of these books - when loaned out, they are jealously guarded, but I feel it is almost a duty to introduce other people to these amazing books. <br /><br /> Diana - you have my heartfelt thanks for providing books that defy description.
0553573403|5.0|Wow!  I've read Martin's Wild Card series, and I was not terribly impressed.  So when I picked up Game of Thrones, I expected something similar, but with a more medieval flavor. Was I wrong- a pleasantly so!  This book grabbed me by the throat and would not release me.  I was sucked in by the whole tone of the book, which hails of impending disaster.  The marriage of humor and horror in this book surpass that of J. V. Jones' debut trilogy.  I grew attached to many of characters, loathed just as many, and I'm still pinning hopes on the salvation of a few more.  When the book ended, I was extremely distraught, as it has a GREAT cliffhanger- that leaves you hanging until June!
0399134204|2.0|Being a Chinese American, I was elated by this book's success in the market, and bought a hardcover copy immediately after it first came out.  But I was disappointed.  I couldn't finish reading it despite several attempts.  The story was just boring to me.  Later I read some negative reviews in a Taiwanese newspaper on this book.  Some of the top writers in the Chinese literary community felt this book was a prime example of what they termed &quot;antique selling&quot;.  They criticized that many novels by Chinese American writers sell ancient ills of China, such as bound feet, horrors of old-fashioned families, to the American public which takes to this well.  According to this review, the problem with these literature is they don't really teach the Americans to look at China or the Chinese in a modern context.  Instead, they encourage stereotyping.  For example, the women characters in Joy Luck Club were victims, a la traditional Chinese sterotype.  The male characters were abusers, none of them likeable.  As usual there was a lack of positive Chinese male characters.  The review made me think.  I myself simply couldn't get into this story because it was boring to me. But my uncle, a Chinese man educated both in China and in America, walked out of the movie version of Joy Luck Club after he had gone to see it with high hopes of a Chinese triumph.   Reading all the glowing reviews here, with but one exception of a pan by a Chinese reader, I feel even more alert at the different receptions this book is receiving from the Americans and the Chinese.  Very interesting, indeed.  I do remember how, when The Godfather first came out, some Italian Americans were upset at the book.  In the end, I think many books do offer sickening archetypes.  The Americans are of course interested in getting to know some Chinese archetypes; and the Chinese tend to become upset at what they call the &quot;ill caricatures&quot;.  I myself hold understaing for both views.  I simply find thestory boring.  I still have it on my shelf, but still can't finish it.  I have a hard time understanding why this is such a higly regarded book.  On the other hand, a friend of mine wrote a novel which had a character many of her Chinese friends identified with.  We felt it was at last a &quot;normal Chinese person&quot;.  But when she sent it to a publisher, it was rejected on account of &quot;the character is totally Americanized.&quot;  Very funny.  Bottom line is: while this book may seem impressive to the Americans, many Chinese feel it's boring, and/or has too many negative stereotypes.  I've come to realize that some of the most stereotype cowboy movies had appealed to me while I was growing up in China and knew nothing about America.  Without those movies, I would not have been enticed into the American culture.  I'm glad Joy Luck Club has generated so much interest in the American audience.  I hope also that this interest will not die at this point, but will lead to more in-depth interest in the real, modern Chinese culture.  Please don't stop here, Amy Tan, go forward with more modern stories.
0694517208|4.0|I found this book useful as a general guide to communication between people in general, not only between the 2 sexes. Gray makes some good points and highlights aspects which many people are only aware of on a subconscious level. To completely dismiss the book as simplistic and obvious is harsh and narrow minded, yet to follow his suggestions to the T is equally narrow minded and unrealistic. Use it as a general guide to open your mind to the vast differences in the way actions and statements are intended to come across and the way they are actually perceived by others.
0060920084|5.0|I had not read anything by Bill Bryson previously and having bought it on impulse, took it with me on a long flight recently during which I made quite a scene by constantly having to guffah out loud - he really has a wonderful style of writing and the ability to get you to laugh even when you are trying to do your best to restrain yourself, look serious and not be a nuiscance to your fellow-passengers! I have not quite so much enjoyed a read since the days of reading authors like S J Perelman and James Thurber. Incidentally was Thurber also not from Ohio? Columbus, Ohio if my memory is right. Has his house not been turned into a museum and how could Bill Bryson not have visited it? I visit the US regularly though mainly the big cities, but having read this book I shall take try and get out to look for the mythical town that Bill was also looking for.
0679416781|4.0|Ondaatje's book is complex, each character is richly drawn.  The language is beautiful. A couple of times I got lost in the descriptions, most notably in the scenes in the cave (I would have rated the book a 10, but I had to see the movie before I knew if she died or not...couldn't tell from the book, and I read that passage several times before I gave up).  If you likes stories to fall &quot;neatly into place&quot; and be more-or-less chronological, don't read this book.  If, however, you like interwoven plots and artfully crafted text, this is for you.
B000002KCI|5.0|I'll never know all of the meaning written into his lyrics, but what these songs mean to me, what the music means to me, takes me away on a journey of love through the past and the future. Perhaps i wasnt ready at sixteen to understand &quot;pardon my heart&quot; or &quot;through my sails&quot; but it is music of the sincerest confession, the deepest insight, and hey he screwed up like all of us, and music is a journey to the self, to myself and yourself; and it is that i got something out of loving neil like a brother that i never had or a father that i never had. and though this music couldnt protect me from the suffering i have endured and the mistakes i have made, maybe he gave me the strength to go on alittle further. When I was homeless and wandering the streets eating out of garbage cans, he was still there giving me love enough to keep going. and when i became a doctor i still loved him and this music of ours. I am making my own music now neil, as a chiropractor, with my hands making healing music on peoples bodies, my hands press healing chords into their spines, and pain is eased. thank you neil for everything. i love you. i wish albums were alive so i could have shared a life long friendship with him. maybe i still can. but maybe in the future when we are all holograms and each of us can know everyone and we can get everything we need and the tears and the smiles will be knitted together in something real and worthwhile, then i will spend my life with neil and jimi and john and you will be able to also. i really hope so i really do. i pray for that. thats the kind of heaven we all need now.i think these thoughts are worth saving. they touch a place that makes a space that you can live in.    END
0446604844|5.0|I found it very difficult to put down. The characters were realistic and the subject matter believable, almost too believable. I can't wait to read Baldacci's next, The Winner.
0451169514|4.0|In this story, King creates fictional characters who are in every sense likeable. Their innermost thoughts are brought to light, and the readers can identify. However, the plot is thin, and most people in the story dont let their characters shine through. The fact that an eleven year old can terrorize other kids didnt sound right to me, and I thought the author bared his soul. Other than that, I liked the idea of it taking place in the 1960's and that we know what later become of  the characters.For the most part, I think people should take the time to read this book.
0316286869|5.0|Kevyn is a genius and this book proves it.  He is able to find the beauty in everyone and bring it out for the whole world to see.  For each makeover he lists his steps and includes drawings showing how to recreate what he has done.  I also enjoyed reading his autobiographical parts that he had included.  Of all the makeup books I have looked at this is by far the best with wonderful pictures (some taken by Kevyn himself!)
0440211727|5.0|I personally feel that this is John Grisham's best piece of work. Racism in the South has always been an intriguing issue for me and this story did move me.John Grisham's novel went to the heart of the problem of civil rights..the courtroom. It is a start to just make a law that someone has the freedom to vote, to eat in any restaurant and to swim in any pools..but the enforcement of this law is pertinent for there to be any change the way people think..at least we can try to.
0553277472|5.0|I constantly find myself picking up this book at least once a year.  The book forces you to pay attention and to think; to reflect on the direction of our society and our culture, and to question if it is a good direction.  Pirsig does an excellent job in not preaching, but telling a wonderful story, and uses the story as a tool to introduce and expand upon his philosophy and the zen philosophy.  The book challenges us all to reflect and to work at understanding our lives and our culture in a time where everything is forcefed to us through television and 15 second sensationalized news stories.  Read Pirsig and awaken your mind.
0679735909|5.0|POSSESSED and Keith Thomas's RELIGION AND THE DECLINE OF MAGIC were my two favorite books that I read in 1997.  As a former grad student (Yale and University of Chicago), I can attest that the intellectual milieu was quite familiar and accurately treated.  What impressed me about the book was the way that it managed to get better and better as the story progressed.  And the last four pages were as good as I have ever encountered (only Henry Green's LOVING and Dostoevsky's THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV had final pages that I loved as much).  I would recommend any serious reader getting this book immediately, but especially anyone who has had to trudge through grad school in the humanities.  A truly fine novel.
0679457313|5.0|For a first time author, the lucidity of expression and abundance of metaphors that aptly describe whatever is meant to be, is a credit by itself. After a long long time has India produced an author of some STUFF in English. No wonder even the redoubtable R.K. Narayan was all praise for Arundhathi Roy. I just can't wait for another one from her!
0679457313|5.0|What can you say about a story like this one?  If you read the book you already know. The Tao says that one should do the work and step away.  It will speak for itself.  I agree. But this is a forum to speak in favor of or against the words contained in 321 pages. <br /> Someone mentioned that this seemed like an autobiography of Ms. Roy. I don't know if it is, but on the chance that it might be, I'm glad she survived.<br /> If we only considered writing styles, we would be left without the works of Emily Dickinson, who never used more than a dash or period as punctuation.  We might never have enjoyed Alice Walker's, The Color Purple.  It was written the way it was spoken.  Why compare it to e.e. cummings, or any other writer? Arundhati Roy has her own style and it is reflected by the tone in which her story is told.<br /> A little humor, innocently presented via the eyes of a child. Reflections of a self righteous and self absorbed woman who seems not to like being an Indian as much as she aspires to being a perfect English Lady.  Forbidden passion between castes.  Adult theft of childhood innocence.  Family dysfunction.  A mother who loves her children but is too angry with life to fully appreciate them.  Jealous aunts and uncles. A selfish cousin who really is just looking for approval.  Two children who believe and trust in adults but are sadly corrected when they are betrayed by those very adults. Finally, two individuals wo are left with only their sorrow, guilt, hurt and pain.  How to lift these heavy burdens?<br />   If we move this story to the Bronx in New York City, 1968-71, this is my life.  So her story, although specific to Indian, transcends cultures. It could be anyone's story. But in this case, it is the story of Rahel and Estha.<br /> It tells many things. The most important of which is the effects of the corruption of innocence both politically and privately. It is clear and lucid. Some may have wished that the perspectives were better explained,but in reality human nature is not always explained and that is exactly what you have in this story.  You don't really know why or how anyone could perpetrate such lies and crimes against innocent people. But they do.<br /> If you read it and compare it immediately to anything else, you cheat yourself of an experience that might be pleasant on its own merits.<br /> Sometimes we have to be willing to blindly travel in the mind and heart of the writer; to go and see what it was that the writer intended.  I enjoyed the journey. Take it for yourself and if you don't like it, at least you had the chance to go some place you would never have gone to on your own.<br /> It's like Indian food. Some of the tastes are curiously interesting, with flavors that wake up the palet of your mouth.  Not all of the spices are going to be pleasant...some may actually leave a bad taste, but you'll never know unless you try it.<br />  The God Of Small Things has many flavors and reflects many colors.  That is the beauty of it!
1567184855|5.0|I finished reading this wonderful book by Dr. Newton over a year ago.  It touched me at my very inner level, and helped me to understand so much more about how we chose our life paths.   I am a natural skeptic, but Journey of Souls rang true for me; I subsequently met and had a session with Dr. Newton, and it's true!    I was regressed back to where I reviewed my past lifetime and decided on this lifetime, and now have a much clearer vision of why nothing is happening to me that I didn't choose.  I also have a clearer understanding of the lessons I chose to learn and where my individual path is leading in this lifetime.  <br />  This insight has helped me through many issues in the past year, is assisting me in my work and interaction with others, and I will be forever grateful to Dr. Newton for writing such a truly inspired, and well-researched book!   If you have interest in a higher view of the daily trials and challenges in your lifetime, this book is an absolute requirement for your personal reading list!<br />  I have bought dozens of copies for my friends and relatives, and will look forward to Dr. Newton's next book!!   He is a wonderful and caring man, as well as an outstanding author.
0679731725|5.0|Anyone who's seen the movie will know the basic story offered in Kazuo Ishiguro's &quot;The Remains of the Day&quot;; a portrait of the steadfastly old fashioned butler Stevens, and his tragically unrealized love for the housekeeper he brings to work with him.  However, we all knew there was more to it than that; that under the professional facade Stevens proffered lurked an undermining confusion about the depths of his own humanity and ability to love someone else. We always sensed the inner turmoil lingering beneath the surface of this character, but couldn't understand; we couldn't get into Stevens' mind, weren't allowed to see his real thoughts and feelings. <br /> Kazuo Ishiguro's novel solves these problems for us.  Told from Stevens' point of view, it affords us the chance to delve deep into his character and finally understand his motivations and the reasons for what he does and the way he acts.  The result is a sadly ruminative picture of a man who cannot come to grips with the changing world around him; a person so dominated by his work he is unable to accept within him any amount of affection for another person.  We watch through his eyes as he struggles to maintain a crumbling disguise of formality; a mask which begins to crack as his own feelings of love and desire threaten to break through.  In the end, the novel becomes a matter of change; does Stevens have it within him to realize his own capacity for love, or will he be mired in the same doubt and lonliness for the rest of his life?  This is the question which captivates us all the way to the conclusion of this compelling work. <br /> Ultimately, this book drives us to examine our own lives, to deal with the Stevens in each of us; and it is exactly that which makes this such a moving and poignant experience.  Underneath a deceptively simple and stark narrative, Kazuo Ishiguro has woven an intricate tale; a touching story which leaves us with both pity for the trials of its characters, and hope for what we learn about ourselves.
1567407757|4.0|Mitch Albom is a popular columnist for the Detroit Free Press, and we locals know that he is capable of much more than the sports commentary which is his main focus.  <br /> Albom pulls at the heartstrings with this moving tribute to his old professor, who he loved like a father yet lost touch with in the coarse of his fast-paced, career-oriented life. The Morrie he rediscovers still has spirit, intelligence and compassion in spite of the ALS which is stealing his life by degrees.  <br /> This slim volume is full of platitudes, most of which we've read before, but they do have an added weight coming from a man who is tetering so close to death. If this weren't a true tale it would be a smaltzy, even hackneyed story, but its veracity makes it heart-rending. Albom couldn't have written a more moving tribute to a pretty special guy.
044022425X|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much.  I didn't read the previous books in this series, but had no trouble following the story.  I found the historical descriptions and the Scottish connection fascinating.  I've always thought of time-travel stories as a little hokey, but Ms. Gabaldon is such a good story teller she makes it work.  This was a good and comfortable read.  A very long book, but it still seemed over too soon.
0152438203|5.0|On the surface, this book, The Little Prince, may simply be thought of as just another children's book. However, if one allows himself or herself to, it is a book that trancends the age of the reader. It is a book for everyone, except for those who will not allow themselves to be &quot;tamed&quot;. As one who first read it as a sophomore in high school in my French class, and now, twelve years later, I try to read it at least once a month, while discovering something new every time I do.  On a side note, there is a Little Prince (Le Petit Prince) watch available be warned, however, that there are two thousand of these made worldwide (in two styles...with a red band and a blue one). Just thought I would pass that on to any and all Little Prince fans...and remember the 'very simple secret' told to the Little Prince by the fox...  'It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; What is essential is invisible to the eye'.
0440539811|5.0|The book makes you think.  It is not just a series of events, linked like a chain, cause and effect, cause and effect, but a WEB.  Of characters, events, ideas.  In order to just read it, you have to think and understand the links.  If you don't want to think, better not TRY to even read the first page. Even time is just a few strands in the web.
0345350499|5.0|This book transported me like no other book has.  I could not put it down.  Highly recommended!
0802713319|5.0|If you're as bad at maths as I am you probably think this book is not for you. But don't worry about understanding the maths- just sit back and revel in the story. This gripping book tells the tale of how over hundreds of years the world's top mathematicians grappled with the toughest unsolved problem on the planet - and how the mystery was eventually solved. Author Simon Singh is a rarity - a mathetician who really knows how to write. His book is tremendous fun, absorbing, fascinating and compulsive. Leave the pulp fiction on the shelf and pick this one up - no matter how creaky your algebra you'll enjoy it so much you won't want to put it down.
0679457313|4.0|As an earlier reviewer pointed out &quot;The God of Small Things&quot; has many curious parallels of setting with the wonderful  &quot;The Autobiography of Jesus of Nazareth and the Missing Years&quot; by Richard Patton.   Both books visit and reveal similar regions in India and both have wonderful spiritual revelations.  If you enjoy long hot baths with a good book, you need look no further.  Ideally you would have Patton's book on one side of the bath and Roy's book on the other.  Your choice of the poetic Arundhati Roy or the revelatory Richard Patton is the only decision you would have to make.   That having been decided, you would be eased into a dimension where sweet smelling sand and exotic spices vied with compelling dialogue.   - And it's far cheaper than a return flight to India!
1573225517|5.0|For any guy whose struggled with overcoming a fear of committment or any woman who would like to better understand this common male dilema.  High Fidelity captures every neurotic, selfish, arrogant, innadequate, and self conscious feeling that most men have and spits them out through a sharp, hip and intelligent story.  I'm giving this book to every person who has wanted to better understand me but has been unable to because I could never put what Nick Hornby has into words.
0553062182|5.0|After reading this book, I no longer feel like an alien. I now realize that there are many other Highly Sensitive People (15-20% of Americans) and that there is a definite need for our kind in this cold unsympathic world. In my career, I was able to actualize some of Dr. Aron's suggestions and can honestly say it works! She's helped me to changed my life forever, and it feels great. How can I ever thank her enough?
0790731231|5.0|A true life account of 3 generations of the mob. Paul Sorvino is outstanding and Robert DeNiro is fantastic as Jimmy Conway, the irish gangster. You will never find another mob movie like this again,Scorcese has outdone himself this time.Dont forget Joe Pesci won best supporting actor for this movie, this is a must see!  END
0812550706|5.0|I read this book at least 5 years ago, and still remember it vividly. The book takes you on a great adventure and never slows down.  Tons of action and adventure, and well developed characters. I am critical of sci-fi, but this book ROCKS!!!
067158037X|5.0|I usually avoid books dealing with hardship or abuse involving children, too hard to take.  I was filled with curiosity about this book because of my own Irish roots.  I knew it would be painful and it was.  Frank McCourt has written of the most starkly horrific childhood imaginable with complete honesty and thorough detail.  The miracle of this book is his telling of it through the indomitable, tongue-in-cheek Irish viewpoint. His words are strung together like an infectious melody that pulls you forward, one minute aghast, the next in tears, the next, laughing.  The story created for me a new understanding of the Irish talent for creating drama, heros and hope out of incredible hardship and tragedy.  Thank you, Frank McCourt!  P.S.  I hope to learn what happend to poor Michael, Alfie and Angela.  I also hope Malachy, Sr. is burning in hell!
0553260111|5.0|Am I the only Bourne Fan who read in the news recently of the terrorist Carlos the Jackal (a &quot;fictional&quot; main character in this book) being convicted of crimes described in this book and sentenced to prison? (12-97). It blew my mind to realize that this incredible read was inspired by a real news story.  I just finished reading it for the second time in 15 years and still couldn't put it down!  I enjoy reading Cussler &amp; Clancy but this has it all!  Even a love story!  I found it fascinating to learn how Swiss bank accounts work, how to change your identity, etc.  The suspense was gut wrenching all the way to the last pages.   I strongly encourage other women with a spirit of adventure to read this! Yeah, it's not just for you macho guys!  (Smile...)
0553278223|5.0|Have you ever read a beautiful short story that made you want to find out what happened next? <br /> This book is just that - each story tells you what happened after the last one. Each story could be read separately, if you wanted to. But when you begin the next one, you find it adds another layer to the atmosphere of the previous tale. The image gets deeper and more complex, until you are looking at the flow of centuries over Mars, and the humans and others on it. Each piece of this history is a gem, each has it's own glitter- from the tale of the first landings on mars to the ill-fated hot dog stand on a deserted highway there - but they come together to form a crown Bradbury fully deserves. <br /> The stories have that haunted feeling that only Bradbury can really create. The taste of his world  is somehow exotic, though it be made of elements we all know. The Martian Chronicles is a book that could fit in either the Short Story or Novel category, but perhaps the best place for it would be in Poetry.
0140195076|5.0|Great book - a very clear introduction to the principles of Jyotish.  Having become bogged down in so many other 'texts' in Jyotish , &quot;Light on Life&quot; was a refreshing and joyfull read.  In my experience - the next best thing to taking a course in Maharishi Jyotish!
0451187903|5.0|This book well deserves the classification of  &quot;classic&quot; literature.  I wish I had more time to say everything I want to, so I'll just say, READ THIS BOOK!!  You won't regret it.
0553280325|3.0|&quot;Something Wicked This Way Comes&quot; was a book that was a lot of hype, and not enough material. The book was good, but reveiwers told me that it was scary, intresting, and kept you on the edge of your seat the whole time. In reality, I found the book was not increadibly scary, only falling a few notches ahead of the series &quot;Goosebumps&quot; in terms of horror. Bradburys writing stye is quite different, and at a few points, almost hard to follow. &quot;Something Wicked This Way Comes&quot; is a book made mainly of details, yet still depics many vague scenes. The paace of the book is very slow as you start out, and only real puts you on the edge of your seat in the last few chapters. I have fallen asleep while reading this book. The book in depth is shallow, yet the overal plot is an interesting one, and Bradury is an author every young reader should experience.
0399142851|3.0|After the reading of CAUSE OF DEATH, with that silly end, I was worried with the plot of Cornwell's new book. <br />  After all the plot of this one is better, so it seems CAUSE OF DEATH was just a low time and now Cornwell is just taking off again. I hope total recovery in her next book.
0451160916|5.0|That was the scariest book I have ever read. I was especially scared because I was reading it in semi-darkness (not smart) with a flashlight. I liked Danny's powers. they were awesome! To all you idiots who think this book is primative, stupid, and clearly not one of King's better stories, GET A LIFE!!!!!
0553573403|5.0|This has a very good story line.  It is a little slow in the start because the character developement is in so much depth.  By mid way, if you did nat pay attention you could get lost.  The real strength of this book lies in the developement of very powerfule enemies being developed.  This is not a one hero series!
044022425X|5.0|I've read the other three books and &quot;Drums of Autunm&quot; is just as good as them.  Once you pick it up, you cannot put it down.  I read it and I read it again. Gabaldon had a way with words that really touchs the heart.  This book and the others in the series have a way of drawing you in and itching to know what is going to happen next. You feel as if you are a part of the story line.  WELL DONE DIANA GABALDON.  TWO THUMBS UP EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0694517208|1.0|I read voraciously on the topic of language, and had never in my life returned a book until I bought this one.  For anyone interested in a vastly superior treatment of the topic which isn't written for 3rd graders, try &quot;You just don't understand&quot; by Deborah Tannen.
1559948671|5.0|Words cannot capture it.  It is ground more hallowed than the Holy See.  I crossed the stream.  If anyone knows Savage, tell him that his RTO would like to talk with him again.  This book, as did the occasion it describes, changes people.  Should be required reading in every high school.
0805054375|5.0|<BR>I've been enthusing about this book to anyone who'll listen since I read it in one unbroken rush.<br /> I've described the author as Douglas Coupland's Evil Twin: he gets the subtleties and ironies and sadnesses of this end of the century, but he's not prepared to be nice about it. <br />It's visual, indeed it reminds me of the classier graphic novels, it's contemporary -- Millenium was stealing from Chuck pretty soon -- and it's just TWISTED.<br />Nasty, nasty nasty -- and unmistakably literary: not many people can combine those two.
0451151224|5.0|This book is amazing!  I couldn't put it down the first time I read it or the second!  The book is much better than the movie, which has nothing in common with the book.  If you haven't read it, read it!
0060925000|5.0|I know Seth's characters better than some members of my family--and families are ultimately the subject of this novel. I eagerly await more from Vikram Seth.
6302293553|5.0|From the French Taunters to the coconut-clapping Patsy, to the wonderful performances put on by all of the magnificently talented Python boys, you will finish the movie wanting to gallop around the block screaming 'Bring out yer dead!' and making witch accusations.  A strange movie that you will love from start to finish.     END
0030853222|5.0|This book was very interesting, regaurding its importance and also its obscurity from public knowledge.  The ignorance of society and racism are both shown in the extreme in this book, and its overall value in the modern world is its strong message that you can't forget history, because it can repeat itself, and that history is written by those who win wars.  The Indians were ignorant of our culture (as European Americans) and we were of theirs.  However, our ignorance developed into racism while theirs was a sense of reverence and awe.  The Book reads as a betrayel of an abusive father to his ignorant son, when it is actually the annihilation of numerous indigenous cultures by a more powerful one.  Chapter by chapter, the whole work is one of repetition: the destruction of each one of the great North American Indian tribes by settlers and military forces.  One might compare the happenings detailed in this book to the hardships of African American Slavery in the United States.  However, Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee is an account of perpetual heartbreak and destruction on a level unmatched by any hardship I have read of save the holocaust.  Many repressed minorities have been assimilated into the modern US culture, but where are the Native Americans?  The Paiutes, the Navajos, the Apaches, the Cheyennes?  Most were slaughtered like cattle and left to die on barren lifeless reservations in the unsetteled areas of the United States in the 19th century.  History can not be forgotten, or the same thing may reoccur.
0671004107|4.0|Reading this book in 1998, I found that many of Sagan's fictional premises have now entered into the realm of science fact. The idea that a supermassive black hole exists at the center of the galaxy has been confirmed by the Hubble Telescope. It's a shame that Sagan did not live to witness the findings, but CONTACT is a testament to his vision. I found that book was too long-winded, and could have been trimmed to half its length. The movie used only one pilot--Ellie--in the dodecahedron capsule rather than a whole team, and this seems to work better dramatically. Of course, the real treat of this novel is Sagan's treasure chest of technical knowledge, which he showers on the lay reader without condescension.
0345350499|5.0|After reading T.H. White's &quot;THE ONCE AND FUTURE KING&quot;, I stumbled across THE MISTS OF AVALON.  Once I started, I couldn't put it down.  The perspective of the women in Arthur's tale kept me mesmerized and asking for more.  If you haven't read this, read it.  If you have, you understand what I mean.
B000002UJQ|5.0|the most brilliant album yet!...even better than &quot;the bends&quot;(there second album)OK computer is a masterwork woven by guitars,drums and the stunningly great voice of Thom Yorke. the only thing better then it is hearing it live..it blows my mind away.     END
0451169514|5.0|This title took a little while to get into, but the wait was definitely worth it. It all makes sense if you are prepared to put in the hard reading! By all means stick with it and you won't regret it!! Believe me!
B000002TQV|5.0|there was loads of crap.....and then there was &quot;the bends&quot; the year '95 the best music to emerge since U2' Achtung Baby. I've been listening to it for 2 years.. i'll never stop. one of THE albums.     END
0385484518|3.0|I am a psychoanalyst and one of my patients gave the book to me, strongly urging me to read it.  Since it would facilitate the therapy, I read it, in a two hour gulp.  My guess is that to my patient, I am Morrie and he is Mitch.  He is in business and driven to success and I urge him to slow down and smell the roses.    He has a thing about unconditional love and tough love.  The former is an ideal, the latter, real.  The trouble with Mitch and Morrie is that Mitch painted a saint, not a real, believable person.  I suppose we all need ego-ideals, but we already have them in Ghandi, King, Mandela and Mother Theresa.  Sure, we should all love each other and smell the roses.  Cynically, I am sure that Mitch cried all the way to the bank.  So did Ted Koppel.
0553573403|5.0|As an avid reader and FRPG player/GM for nearly 20 years, I have become somewhat jaded and cynical about the fantasy genre.  This book slapped me awake - with a shovel.  It may not be the best fantasy work I have read, but I have found none better.  Its secret lies in the gritty realism of the characters, and the lack of any clear cut villans.  The plot is disturbingly unpredictable, another pleasant detour from the genre.  If you want a sweet, bloodless, light-hearted romp, look elsewhere.  This book plays for keeps.
0553573403|5.0|&quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;, although set in a fantastical setting, bears little resemblance to the genre.  This is not a novel concerned with dragons and wizards and magical swords, but with human character, desire, ambition, fear and political manoevering that would make Machiavelli seem like a dilletante.  A must read for history buffs (real or imagined).  This book may set a new standard for quality in speculative writing.
0140186395|5.0|I'd just like to put in my words of agreement with the previous Vermont reviewer, who was basically telling two juniors in our high school to stop bashing Steinbeck to annoy their English teacher. Their sole purpose in writing the review was to irritate an English teacher; they made up the drek about the novel. East of Eden is a fine novel with a strong message about personal choice and the nature of good and evil. Steinbeck's writing is not laborious, and his theme is not inaccessible. Sometimes his writing is more complex than some wish to delve into, but for the most part, careful reading tells you what you need to know. Read it. And don't pay attention to the reviewers  who love to tease their English teacher (as we all do); they don't mean it.
155800145X|1.0|I have read this book no less than 7 times.  I have seen the play and I anxiously await the making of the movie.  I have been a big fan of books-on-tape for a long time.  However, Dove Audio needs to get out of the business.  Whoever wrote or edited this audio book for Dove should stay with Dove because I no longer purchase their publications - I avoid them like the plague.  Reader is very important.  It is hard to match F. Murray Abraham, Tony Roberts or Judith Ivey as quality readers, which is clearly demonstrated by Dove who employs the likes of Arte Johnson and Roddy McDowall (Batman).  Dove may as well retain Danny Sugerman (No One Here Gets Out Alive) or Stephen King (several bad readings) as readers.   All in All,  A Confederacy of Dunces on tape was a HUGE disappointment.  I had to go back and re-read the book to ease my suffering after listening to this Dove Audio product.  HMB
0312965788|5.0|After having surgery, I was very sick and could not concentrate on anything but pain.  To distract myself, I picked up this book and read it.  It is such a comforting and wonderful book, it really took my mind off of my health and sped up recovery.  Everyone should read it.
0345315227|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed 3001: Final Odyssey. It reads fast, has clean language, and brought up some interesting speculation on what life might be like in the third millinneum.
6303282237|5.0|<BR> OK, so I'm not a professional movie critic...<BR> <BR> But I still think that C. Heston did an awesome movie when he acted as Rodrigo Daz de Vivar in &quot;El Cid&quot;.  I recommend this movie to whoever wants to have a good quality movie-time.   END
0684874350|5.0|I was kept in stitches by Frank McCourt's candid, colloquial style, in which every dreadful episode of his childhood was viewed with the sarcasm that made his English classes at my alma mater, Stuyvesant High School, so enjoyable. If only the ending of the book had not degenerated into the hackneyed naive-immigrant-loses-his-virginity-to-the-vixenish-socialite episode, McCourt's saga would have rated an unmitigated ten.
B0000033K2|5.0|This 7 CD boxed set from Atlantic/Rhino records contains all of Coltrane's issued material from the Atlantic years on 6 CDs (chronologically), plus a 7th CD of never-before released Atlantic material unavailable anywhere else! The liner notes are bound in a CD-sized hardcover book, and are quite extensive. Sound quality is excellent! Granted, this boxed set is a bit pricey, and may put a dent in your economy, but if you're a Coltrane fan, it's a gold mine! As they say in the liner notes: &quot;Whatever we have, you (now) have. That's all there is, and there isn't any more&quot;. Another beautiful package from Rhino Records!!     END
B00000099Y|5.0|This CD is incredable.  It is impossible to discribe the power, and emotion that is felt while listening to this CD.  To have the full expierence, you must listen to the whol 77 minute CD non-stop, it dosn't seem long at all it is worth it.  This CD is amazing, I found my self angry at the begining laughing in the middle, and crying at the end, this has got to be the best, and most complex CD ever     END
B0000027I6|5.0|A provocative and disturbing recording dealing with the desensitizing nature of the mass media and it's effect on how we view the world,  Waters's concept is that of a primate who attempts to learn about human-kind by viewing television; at just past the middle of the album (&quot;What God Wants, Part 3&quot;), the primate gives up and goes to &quot;pile the dishes and answer the phone.&quot; <br /> Roger Waters does not tread lightly over such topics as organized religion, the politics of the Gulf War, or the overt materialism of the Western World.  Songs such as &quot;What God Wants&quot; question the use of God as an excuse for our actions, and the song &quot;The Bravery of Being Out of Range&quot; is an out-right attack on the Gulf War and the Regan and Bush administrations.  As humanity quickly spirals down into oblivion, numbed by their televisions, the CD ends with extraterrestrial archaeologists discovering the remains of our civilization in the remote future.  Their scientific tests conclude, &quot;This species has amused itself to death.&quot; <br /> This CD was recorded in Q-sound, a technology that allows one to experience sounds and instruments that appear to come from areas of the listening environment outside the speakers -- the CD packaging explains how to experience Q-sound.  This adds a dimension of realism to the music and sound effects that draws the listener in. <br /> This is probably one of the best concept albums by Roger Waters in a long line-up which includes such Pink Floyd titles as &quot;The Dark Side of the Moon,&quot; &quot;Wish You Were Here,&quot; &quot;Animals,&quot; and &quot;The Wall,&quot; and by far his best solo work.  The CD features the talents of Jeff Beck and Don Henley, among many other &quot;cameo&quot; appearances.     END
0553573403|5.0|I had never read any of Mr Martin's books before this one.  In fact, the only reference I had about his work was Beauty and the Beast.  I purchased  this book during the summer when I was away from home on business. Boy, am I glad I did.  This is a thouroghly engrossing story. I carried this book with me everywhere;  dinner,<br />hotels, lunch breaks, etc.  I recommend this not<br />only to fantasy fans, but to anyone who enjoys a<br />great suspense/mystery/military intrigue/you name it story!  The characters, especially Jon Stark, really captured my attention.  The good guys aren't always completely good and the bad<br />guys aren't always completely bad.  And there are some that you just can't tell WHOSE side their on.  I can't wait to see what happens next.
0451160916|5.0|Wow This book was scary just like the movie and the tv movie I kept me reading Really all I have to say is that this book was amazing and out of all of Stephen King's books this was the best by far
0451450523|5.0|This is one of the best books you'll ever read. . . I'm not exaggerating.  It ranks up there w/ C.S. Lewis's Chronicles of Narnia.  It's one of those books you can't put down, even though you know you'll be sorry you've finished it so fast. . . . And don't worry if you've already seen the movie, like I had.  It's a wonderful book, whether you know the ending or not.
0679745203|5.0|The novel is so beautiful that you cannot put it down, although you know in advance that there is going to be no happy end. Simultaneously, you suffer because you are approaching the end, and wish it were to continue indefinitely. A great novel!
0684874350|5.0|Truly amazing. I come from a background as opposite and different from McCourt's as humanly possible. And because I am not Irish, have no Irish blood in my family tree, and am not Catholic, I truly did not believe I'd get &quot;into&quot; this book. I hate to admit when I'm wrong, but boy, was I wrong! Truly amazing writing. I am in love with &quot;little&quot; Frank McCourt. And yes, we ALL want the sequel. Give him time! Perhaps we'll get it yet!
0880381736|5.0|this book was the first fantasy novel i have ever read.  it gripped me right from the very start!  the gentleman(woman??) who gave it a  bad review must lack in taste. sorry but i would recommend this to everyone i know :)
0393039765|5.0|It's great to see a new young author on the scene. Chuck P. definately has a strong style--- direct,fluid,full circle story-- that is a pleasure to read. Fight Club delves into its narrator's neurosis with a kind of high paced psycho/schizodrama that is both fantastic and funny. Some nods to Ellison (Invisible Man)maybe,but all in all an impressive and ballsy piece of work.
1563523302|4.0|Wow!  I read the pro and con reviews preceding mine.  My circle of friends had the same mixed reactions.  Our conclusion:  We still are working at being millionaires, getting closer all the time.  One thing we refuse to become is either self centered or miserly, or miserable.  Some of the codgers interviewed in this book need to loosen up a bit.  Much of what was said in this book was better capsulized in the old tried and true &quot;The Richest Man in Babylon.&quot;  I would recommend it heartily to those in quest for riches of all kinds.
0688156819|5.0|I really enjoyed this collection of poems and also saw it as a tribute to Seuss and Gorey.  &quot;Anchor Baby&quot; was my favorite!
0679457313|2.0|There are many people in this story, many smells, sights, sounds, traumatic events, nonsense words, distortions of time and perception, confusing  paragraphs that require re-reading,  -- all in the service of a James Michener-type of family saga that illustrates the sad-but-true dictum that talented people (or untalented, for that matter) can be so screwed up by lack of nurturance that they are essentially crippled for life. There is heartbreak and sadness and inconsolable pain in these characters' lives. But unfortunately, Roy's clutter-it-up approach interferes.
1559946954|1.0|This book was the stupidest book that I have ever read,it had no imagination,it was totally confusing,and the plot kept on shifting. It made me wonder if Roald Dahl was sober when he had written this book. It sure doesn't seem that way.  the point where the book totally lost me and convinced me that it wasn't even worth a  1 was the chapters in which we see what is going on in the white house! this book was totally stupid,and should never have even been published. it is a complete waste of time,and does not even hold up to the mavelous companion,published before it! mr. dahl: what were you thinking?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
0395860210|4.0|I listened to the book performed on tape and it made all the difference.  I'm not sure I would have had the patience to read some of the endless descriptions, but I never fast-forwarded the dramatic voice!  There was an instant bond to one who grew up in Essex and Morris Counties in NJ.  My only hesitation in rating this book higher was that while daughter Mary and other &quot;Weathermen&quot; characters talked about the great profit mongers, neither Swede nor his father ever internally face the unfair profit margin they used in order to gain such wealth.  The reader is left to believe that the best worker the Lavov's had, a Black woman who managed the shop and felt an ownership and pride in it, was probably not paid a very high salary.  They gave what many give - the annual holiday gifts, the days off, etc. and felt they were doing well for their employees.  Yet how did they manage to make millions and millions of dollars?  Not by sharing a lot of that wealth - that's for sure.  But Roth never has them face this during any of their internal dialogues.   Otherwisel, I really enjoyed listeneing to the struggles and although it was sad, seeing Swede finally understand that real people are not Johnny Appleseeds nor devils - just something in between.
0449911357|5.0|When I first picked up this book at the school library,I had no idea that I would be affected so much by it! I thought,oh well,it's a movie,so why not read it? It might be interesting.Oh,I was so right! I enjoyed all of the sections in the book,and how the author was able to shift back and forth from the80's,to the 30's,and all the different time periods in between them. All the charecters warmed my heart,and i'm sure they'll warm yours too. I just saw the movie a few week s ago,and it was just as good as the book. Even though many things were changed,and that they came up with a different ending,it still brought a tear to my eye.
9997470036|5.0|First let me say to the new reader of this great Somerset Maughm story, be patient in reading this work.  It takes a while to get going.    This book has always been a favorite of mine.  I even have my students read it as part of their HS english curriculum.    If you have an ounce of the seeker in your soul, this book will appeal to you.  Larry Darrell's world-wide trek helped allow me to become content with my modest life in my early 20s.    Very few books can change lives.  This book is one of them.    I never saw the original movie, and wasn't real happy with the 2nd version.  I liked Bill Murray though as Larry.    This book gets my highest possible recommendation.  Buy it, read it, become your own Larry Darrell.  The world needs you!
0425107469|5.0|My favorite of his books - full of his upbeat style, and best of all, Einstein.  A must read for all dog lovers! If you liked this one, try Midnight also, which has another great dog character.
0440224764|4.0|An enjoyable thriller from Grisham, but very familiar stuff. My personal favcrite of his is The Rainmaker, and this is nowhere near that good. But if you need a good page-turner with some enjoyable twists and turns, this is a good bet. In some ways, this is the flip side of the characters from Runaway Jury, and their clever plot.
0679720200|5.0|Albert Camus describes a person who is completely isolated from the civilization. He doesn't have the sense of fear to death, and that's why he considers believing in God is bored and unecessary. He can't comprehend love, the most complex emotion of humans. So, the only thing bothers him at his mother's funeral is the heat of the sun, and he promises to marry his girlfriend only because he feels that it is okay to him. He doesn't have the sense of honor, humiliation or guilt, and therefore, he doesn't feel sorry for killing a man, either premeditated or accidentally. He could do anything that other people tell him to do if he feels comfort or it doesn't matter to him. You can't find any virtues or values in him except animal's instinct, biological function and his alienation toward the man's society. And naturally, this person can't survive. If he does not end up in execution for his crimes, he would be terminated by other tragic means. Acutally, it is not his fault. His existence in the society is just a matter of his bad luck. He does not belong to the society that is bound by moral and law but the savage life may make more sense to him. It is a extremely stunning  book, but behind the fascination, there is a theme poisted by Camus: strip the armour of the civilization, a man is basically an animal.   .
B000002H4Q|5.0|This may not be a book, though this CD is wonderful. Compared to most other Cure music, this is happier &amp; poppier, though songs like &quot;Why Can't I Be You&quot; (which is a great song) can really get a party started. Believe me, I've tried it. &quot;Just Like Heaven&quot; is a treasure &amp; by most Cure fans &amp; non-Cure fans seem to be the most favoured work of The Cure. I give this CD a '10' because it is really worth every penny &amp; it ranges moods from happiness to wild nonsense to melancholy (&quot;A Thousand Hours&quot; is one of those). All in all, this is really worth at least a good listen.     END
B000002MFN|4.0|When this album came out, people did not accept it too well because the music was &quot;ahead of its time&quot;.  Now, if you listen to the album (6 years after its release), you'll appreciate the quality of Madonna's musical talent.     END
0399128964|5.0|Im only 16 but I've read many books and the only one that I could even compare to Dune would have to be The Lord of Rings. I just recently completed the entire Dune series and It was the best written most indepth writing I have ever come across.  Frank Herbert creates an entire universe here; an economic structure, a political structure, an entire enviornment so completely different from our own.  This is a definate must for readers of any taste.
0553108034|5.0|I really have not read this book yet because it hasn't been published but I'm sure judgeing on his last book this will be an amazing book!
0316920045|5.0|I loved the book, but I won't join the fray. Instead, I'm putting up one of my favorite one-liners of all time, which appears in this novel. <br /> &quot;The truth will set you free, but not until it is done with you.&quot; <br /> If you like this kind of wisdom, there's more where it came from.
0385484518|5.0|It  is not every day that I read a book that has an impact on my personal and profesional life. Every day as a physician my work touches the lives of many people with the same life ending conditions as Morrie. The contents of this wonderful book has opened a new vision of my world and the understanding of the patient's problems in dealing with the end of life.
0060925000|4.0|As was the experience of an earlier reviewer, the first time I tried to read this book, I had a lot of difficulty getting into it and eventually gave up.  A tropical island holiday last year gave me the opportunity to try again, and I'm glad I did. <br /> Its an Indian novel, so it has been compared it to Arundhati Roy's 'The God of Small Things', which does neither justice.  I feel this book is far wider in scope, painting a richer picture of the external world inhabited by the central characters.  They share beautiful use of Indian English - in some ways quaint, but powerfully expressive. <br /> It is slow to get started, perhaps the sheer size is forbidding, and drags out for a while during the chapters discussing the civil disturbances. Once you're into it, caught up in the decisions faced by Lata, getting to know her family, it becomes hard to put down.    Make the effort, it is worth it.
0380002930|5.0|Now, have you ever seen anyone so rabidly acclaim a book on these review pages as the readers below?? Except for a few junior high schoolers, this book is loved by so many. These rabbits seem so anthropomorphical (not sure that's a real word by the way !) that we can feel for their struggles and feel their joy. This is a tale about loyalty, liberty, hope, and survival. The themes are so strong here; these little bunnies make you want to laugh, cheer, cry, and shout for joy.  These rabbits leave their home because of a grave danger, struggle through dangerous terrain, past wild animals, &quot;hostile&quot; groups of other rabbits, and even a slave/labor camp only to find themselves a home. All these guys want is a mate, a warm warren, and a few cowslips here and then. For a story about bunnies, it is one of the most human tales you could ever hope to read.
0671559850|5.0|Everytime I run across this book, I reread it. Tuf's ark is infinitely interesting; Tuf's amorality makes him pleasingly unpredictable; Martin has always been one of the best little-known writers in SF. You pretty much have to look for this book where remainders are sold, but it's worth it.
0684874350|5.0|Ah, to remember life through the eyes of a 10yr. old, is to remember things through screened innocence.<BR>Unfortunately, Frank McCourt never had the carefree innocence the rest of us remember and that is what makes this book so compelling.<BR>How would we, as lucky Americans have survived what he survived - especially in an age where we blame our parents for every little flaw in our own character.   <br /> It helped me understand more completely why my family must have left Ireland over 100 years ago.<BR>They envisioned better for their family and made great sacrifices to see it happen.<BR>  It's easy to look back with great vision, it's hard to look forward with the same optimism when your hungry and poor.
0812550706|5.0|This book made me appreciate the ability to read!  Everything about the book was great -- the  brilliant child Ender, his equally brilliant good and evil siblings and their rise to political power via the internet, Ender's adventure game, battle tactics, bullies, buggers ... every page  was worth reading.  I only wish that the sequels were half as good but they are not even close (IMHO).  It was sad to see Ender grow up.
0440178002|5.0|This is THE greatest book I have ever read!  Shogun has everything anyone could hope to find in a novel.  Action, war, love, politics, history, and suspense are all rolled into one in this story set in the days of the warrior spirit where there was one purpose and that was to serve and possibly die for your lord. At a time of fighting for the title of Shogun along comes a man who quite possably changes history, by bringing new tools of destruction to the opposing forces, hatred toward the jesuit priests that control the slave trade, and along the way find true love in a world where love does not exist.  I could go on and on, I've read the novel 14 times, but trust me you WILL love it!
0449227421|4.0|After reading all the reviews on this site, I decided to read this book.  Okay, so the plot was straight out of a campy sci-fi movie. But it was fast paced and a quick read.  This is my first title by this author and I'll seek out other titles.
0517122707|5.0|I rarely return to a book I've finished.  This is worth a re-read because of the detail and the incredible humor.  It helps to know the New Orleans dialect and mindset while reading it.  A wonderful book.
0312932081|5.0|ross@rescueteam.com, Why do you even BOTHER to read Science-Fiction??? <br /> The people who trashed this book apparently should simply NOT BE READING so-called &quot;speculative&quot; fiction, and should just stick to reading their stupid John Grisham novels. <br /> More than HALF of the book is ALL ABOUT the pressures of war and adulthood on children and the ethics invloved thereof!  To criticize Ender's Game for its main character being a child is silly...there would have been no story otherwise.  Heinlein ALREADY wrote Starship Troopers...this is a NEW angle and a NEW twist! <br /> Just stick to your safe, politically correct books, and don't wreck the curve of the ratings of this great book.  Stop reading Sci-Fi, PLEASE!  Just because &quot;little green men&quot; don't REALLY exist, doesn't mean that a story about them won't be any good.  I suppose that an imagination is something that is apparently inherited at birth.
0140049975|5.0|Well, this particular title has certainly brought about some interest in a number of people.  And I thought no one read the classics anymore...After writing my review I began reading the novel again, for at least the fourth time.  There is one interesting passage early on dealing with the sanctity of the individual human spirit, and of the author's pledge to defend the individual's right to think freely, to the death if necessary. I found it odd, at first, that this passage was included at the particular point in the story, since the concept of choice and free will was not brought up until quite later.  Given the fact that the novel was published at the height of the McCarthy era, however, it does make some sense.  John Steinbeck, as it was taught to me, was considered only a minor master in the field of literature, certainly not the equal of Hemingway or Faulkner.  I've always disagreed, and I have wondered to where this disparaging attitude among many academics can be traced.  Not all of his novels were masterpieces.  &quot;In Dubious Battle,&quot; while a great story, often reads like propaganda. Steinbeck fares better with stories such as &quot;Grapes of Wrath,&quot; &quot;East of Eden,&quot; and &quot;The Winter of Our Discontent,&quot; which present to the reader a much more balanced and ultimately more authentic take on human nature.  He does, however, show some interesting weaknesses in his portrayal of female characters.  Despite his flaws, Steinbeck was a compelling author, and certainly a voice of honesty.  As was once stated, he &quot;had no mind to be an unoffending comforter and entertainer...&quot; And that from the Swedish Academy after presenting the author with the Nobel Prize in 1962.  Certainly Steinbeck was no lightweight escape novelist.
0312962118|1.0|The plot is great. At the same time the novel does not generate even the smallest level of credibility to be entertaining: the characters act like stupid zombies and the historic background is full of ridiculous projections of 70-s/90-s realities into 1952. Funniest thing is that both USA and USSR are presented with the same ridiculously low quality.
0679735259|5.0|&quot;DISPATCHES&quot; LEAVES AN IMPRINT IN MY MIND. THE BEGINNING OF THE BOOK WHERE HE'S LYING IN AN HOTEL ROOM AND LOOKING AT THE OLD MAP ON THE WALL IN THE SAIGON HEAT. IT PUTS ME THERE, ON EDGE.
0385472951|4.0|I read the entire book in 4 days, and finished it at 2:00am.  I was gluded to the pages, waiting for what happened next.  John did another wonderful job of describing what was happening. It is the little details that make this book good.  You can smell the coffee in the styrofoam cups.  I gave this book an 8 because I hated how it ended
0684823454|5.0|Although most of Churchill's huge output of books were written a little too fast (apparently, he had other demands on his time) to endure as classics, in this very personal story of his boyhood and youth his prose is superb. Further, he follows the brilliant strategy of &lt;not&gt; looking back on his younger years with the wisdom of age. He describes the events of his childhood with exactly the same boyish emotions he felt at the time. His account of his struggles with schooling remain justly famous, and there's adventure aplenty in Afghanistan, Cuba, the Sudan, and South Africa.  A great book for boys (or former boys), especially ones with large vocabularies.    ---  Steve Sailer
0446310786|5.0|This book is revolutionary. It takes the reader through a captivating story of racial perception to the understanding and acceptance of racial tolerance in the small town of Maycomb. Not only does this book focus on various aspects of racism (seen through the eyes of Scout), it's a reflection of the times and the incomperable suppression of man's fight for equality and civil rights. The story is not just about Maycomb--it reflects both the racial crisis of yesterday and the prejudice that still exists. Written with emotion and a rare sense of true compassion, this book will astonish you on every page you read. This Pulitzar Prize winning author instills both humor and suspense in this unforgettable novel. Remarkable characters include Atticus, the defense attorney that defends Tom Robinson in a remarkable trial, Scout, and big brother Jem all will add to the brilliance of this great American novel.
0380973634|4.0|I enjoyed Neil's book as much as I would anything that Neil writes or is involved in.  I'm hesitant to give it a ten, because then it woul make less of other books, such as _The Picture of Dorian Gray_ or _Crime and Punishment_.  This book is imaginative and entertaining.  However, what I find fault with this story is that it lacks any substantial meaning, and sometimes Neil's diction is simple, and not as impressionable as other books... but perhaps I'm just stuck in other time periods...
0440131480|5.0|After reading Hocus Pocus and Still Life With Woodpecker, by Tom Robbins, I didn't think I could read a better book.  I was wrong.  Although this is only the second book by Vonnegut I've read, I am now an eternal fan. <br /> Vonnegut's wry wit and sense of humor keep this book whipping along like a slave driver.  His pictures do nothing but add to the entertainment of the words.  I love to read books that seem to be conpletely insane and pointless but are thoroughly entertaining and thought provoking.  Everyone with any intelligence should read this book and laugh about it.
0440111498|4.0|Vonnegut uses his novels to explore human nature: in this wonderful book he examines religion, human nature, and the morality of science.  Read it as you will, but please look into the web that holds this work together.  Reading the surface is a good tale, but pointless.  Reading into the novel the true exploration of religion comes out.  He calls it a joke, yet points it out as being good.  Read between the lines and the true magic of this typical Vonnegut piece comes out.
0140049975|5.0|Well, it is the dead of winter here in Minnesota, and good books are good friends. East of Eden has been a long-time favorite of mine--the best book I have ever read. But rather than try to explain why I feel this way, I would instead point readers to Part I, Chapter 3, where Adam Trask and his father Cyrus are out walking, discussing Adam's future in the military. <br /> You know, there are parts of books where authors develop the story, develop the characters, and so on. Then there are the more important parts where the author bares his soul and really tries to get his message or deepest beliefs out to the reader. Steinbeck is Cyrus in this part of the book, and a more profound understanding of the human situation (and of the differences among us) I have yet to encounter. It is a passage like this that will keep me reading Steinbeck again and again.   Timshel!
0380973634|4.0|What I meant by that Neil's style is somewhat simple is that he lacks a sense of structure (in this book, anyway); take Alan Moore or Emily Bronte, they certain have a good sense of organization.  Neil's style is too matter-of-fact, too Hemingway for me.
0380713802|2.0|I loved Bryson's book about Britain but this and his book about America just fall flat.  The US book confirmed that following American interstates is dull as dirt, but hey, I already knew that.  The Europe book skates around the Continent combining a lack of depth and humor in a deadly fashion.  It's not bad; it's just that I suspect that Bill Bryson is really funny for one book and then he wears thin.  Perhaps, however, the Britain book is great because he knows the foibles of his subject well, but sashaying around Europe gives him just enough time to do a few snap judgements.
0684874350|5.0|Very good read. I forgot I was reading a book at times-like a conversation. The ending is a disappointment,(trite), but I still wanted to know more. A sequil? It took the author 50 years to get this one to press, so I guess I won't hold my breath!
0679745203|2.0|I thought this was going to be a great book to read but as I started it ,I was greatly disappointed because it is extremely boring. The author has added in so much unnecessary detail  and boring descriptions as well as characters of no significance. However to be fair, the book starts picking up pace towards the middle with the descriptions of the desert trips that I really enjoyed. Parts of the plot are loosely connected for instance the change of Hanna's feelings from her love to the English Patient to the sapper. Also the attitude of the sapper after the Hiroshema bomb. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
0440131480|5.0|This book got me hooked on Kurt who is a member of my fraternity, Delta Upsilon.  Beware, you will now be sucked into his uncanny world of coincedence and relation to experience a book that will cause your legs to fall asleep if you read it on the toilet.  Kurt's publishers should just market &quot;The Kurt Vonnegut Collection&quot; because you'll end up buying all his books anyway.
0446386898|5.0|This book appears to be just a comic, but it is really so much more!  It could be the answer to, &quot;What happens when Batman gets old?&quot; or it could be a satire of human nature, or just a really dark, thought-provoking work that should be read by many and enjoyed by all.  The story is about a group of faded former costumed vigilantes in 1985.  With the shadow of nuclear war looming over them, they must- with the help of another mysterious and somewhat grotesque crimefighter called &quot;Rorschach&quot;- investigate the murder of one of their own.  Add a blue radioactive superman who could save the world on a whim but doesn't feel like it, and you have a book that truly deserved the 1986 Hugo award.  This book delves into moral questions, and shows that we wish for is not always what we want.  Possibly the greatest comic miniseries ever to come out in multi-trade paperback form.
0553062182|5.0|I must say this book has really changed my life. In fact, I'm not sure if any single book has changed my thinking to the extent that this one has. Traditional, negative ways I've viewed myself &amp; my trait of sensitivity have been rooted out for good and replaced with self-love &amp; admiration for what is truly a gift. If you see yourself as shy or introverted, and suspect that you aren't appreciating those traits as much as you could, then this book will be an exciting, illuminating read for you. Elaine Aron, we love you!
0061092037|5.0|Seldom have enjoyed a book as much in which the main character was not female!!!! The major players in this story are at once, charming, repulsive, admirable and dispicable. Always kept me guessing. The plot exceedingly well laid as it plays across world history. My first Archer novel, definitely not my last.
0399142851|4.0|I started this book with some trepidation, as i thought that Cause of Death ( her last Scarpetta Story) was dreadful. I really enjoyed the first 4 books but felt things went downhill from The Body Farm onwards. Well, i'm relieved ! Cornwell is  back on form. Yes the ending was a bit weak, we had no chance to suspect the culprit, but the plot carried me along and i enjoyed meeting the familiar characters again. I'm looking forward to the next one.
0553274503|5.0|I cried while reading this book; it was so completely devastating, and powerful. I can't pinpoint exactly what in the book made me feel this way, but there is one thing I am convinced of: it was one of the best books I have ever read, and definitely the one that has had the greatest effect on me. As I was reading this book I could relate to the character completely; it was as if a well of suppressed emotion had been opened in me, and in the book. I am convinced that this should be recognized as a modern classic, and should be used as a prime example of what I call &quot;human&quot; writng - writing about feelings that readers can relate to.
0345347951|5.0|This and &quot;The City and the Stars&quot; are Clarke's best works. Great characters and great ideas.
0151001820|4.0|I rate this below &quot;The Name of the Rose&quot; and above &quot;The Flanders Panel.&quot;  Intriguing story, I never got bored, except with the older, jaded man/hard-boiled but still innocent young girl love affair.  Always find those a little sleazy.  Otherwise very readable, and the end a pleasing surprise, a dose of reality when I expected an occult ending.
0395389496|5.0|This is a beautiful book written for those of us who still have faith that there is a Santa Claus.  I highly reccomend it for people of all ages.
0385484518|4.0|Peter Rabinowitz of PAR Associates of Boston gave me this book as a gift.  I passed it along to my wife as a gift.  I am sure she will pass it along as a gift as well.  Peter called the late Professor Maurice Schwartz of Brandeis University someone &quot;you know but didn't know you knew.&quot; A victim of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) or Lou Gehrig's disease, he was interviewed several times by NIGHTLINE host Ted Koppel on what it is like to die.  This book is an extension of the Kopppel interviews, lovingly and beautifully written by one of Professor Schwartz' former Brandeis students.  Who would want to spend time on such a depressing subject?  Professor Schwartz said, &quot;Every one knows they are going to die, but nobody believes it.&quot; This book is about learning to really, really believe in your own death and how it can make living the remainder of your life a more vibrant experience.  Peter Rabinowitz passed on Morrie Schwartz' wisdom wisdom to me, and I am passing it to you.  Laurence J. Stybel THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RESOURCE CENTER Boston, MA e mail: stybel@aol.com
0517591812|2.0|Being an Anglophile of long standing, I particularly enjoyed the author's previous work, &quot;Sarum&quot;. Furthermore, I regard London as my most favorite place on this planet. Therefore, I was deeply disappointed in &quot;London&quot;, and overlong telling of the city's history through the eyes of a multitude of mundane characters on fictional family trees growing through the centuries from pre-Roman Britain to the present. This was alchemy in reverse: London's golden history transformed to leaden boredom. There were too many characters about whom the reader could say, &quot;Who cares?&quot; I certainly didn't.
0684874350|5.0|I think it is wonderful that such a well written book that has deep things to say has become a commercial success! However, if you have a soft heart for kids, you might find the pain of this book a bit overwhelming. I loved the book and glad that Mr. McCourt has written it, but I doubt that I'll ever read it again. Some in my family (of Irish background) couldn't finish it because the early chapters were too painful. On the other hand, I look forward to the day that my very comfortable middle class children are old enough to read this in some literature class in the future.  Reliving someone else's pain is good in small doses.
006016848X|1.0|I flipped through this book while at my parents house. According to its definition of man being like a rubber band and woman being like a wave, I should have a penis and my boyfriend is from Venus.  Also, his recommendations to women are the most painfully offensive condescending statements I have read in a long time.  &quot;What to do with when you hubby retreats and doesn't want to talk? How about a nice bubble bath!&quot;    John Gray is a sick man.
0345308239|2.0|I enjoy reading history books, but this book was just boring.
0140186409|5.0|In 1987, I read &quot;East of Eden&quot; and it immediately raced to my top 5.  Timshel!  For over ten years I did not want to over-Steinbeck myself, so I waited until the proper time to read &quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot; (sadly, it was not required in High School).  Well, now was the time and I did NOT want this book to end.  I lived with the Joads for just three days, but I aged years in that time.  That book resonated deeply in my soul.  I wanted to melt inside the book and help them...I wanted to live with them so I could share the load...this book has made me a better person by opening my eyes to the plight of the poor.  My '90s eyes kept expecting a newer stranger to deny the Joads help, to not share their food, to not lend a hand.  But that moment never came.  Everyone pitched in when things got rough - except, of course, the ones who could monetarily afford it.  How little our society has changed in 60 years!  This book should be required of ALL 16-year-olds.  But as I found out this week, a 34-year-old can be deeply, deeply affected as well.  READ THIS BOOK.
0140143505|5.0|I live in the U.S. and I got this book as a birthday gift from someone in Northern Ireland that I have never met.  I have corresponded with my friend via email for almost two years. After reading this book, I can no longer wait to meet my friend.  20 years are far too long to wait to meet someone as nice as Frank was. This is by far the best birthday gift I ever got!
006016848X|5.0|I feel that all couples would benefit from reading this book, especially in the &quot;ME&quot; oriented society of today.  It is important to understand that men and women have different communication styles.  Knowing that makes the relationship go more smoothly.  Let's face it......there is enough other pressure on couples, they don't need lack of knowing how to effectively communicate with each other to be another pressure on their relationship.  I must say I learned a lot about myself and my husband and I am not afraid to continue learning!     Would be a great resource for premarital counseling.
1573220485|1.0|I'll keep it short. The reviewer who compared this book to Donna Tartt's first book has it right: they are both embarrassing drivel. Good idea awfully executed; no sense of place at all; every Thai character, of which there are very few, is unsympathetic to put it mildly:spiv or drugs guard. I get annoyed just thinking about how I struggled to the end when I could have been reading something (anything) else.
1573225517|5.0|A friend of mine gave me this book and said &quot;I think you'll like this.&quot;  Oi!  I read it in two sittings and now I don't have to write MY biography.  This book flows like a friendly river.  Be prepared to get looks on the train 'cause you WILL laugh out loud.  'Tis sweet.
0394720288|5.0|The confrontation between Bertie Wooster, the eternally wooly-headed bumbler,  and the evil fascist with a secret, Roderick Spode is one of the funniest things  I have ever read.
0446520950|1.0|Agree with most of the negative reviews.  Baldacci's context is unbelievable and his word choices as contrived as they come.  I can't believe this is the same guy who wrote Absolute Power.  Moreover, I can't believe his editor still has a job.  My recommendation is:  don't bother.
1561007773|4.0|This book is definitely worth the read. There's enough action and subplots to satisfy just about anyone, and Richard and Kahlan were fleshed out more in this book. Since I don't have much time to sit back and enjoy a good read, I listen to unabridged audio books whereever possible. Dick Hill, the reader of this book, does a wonderful job of narrating the book with the appropriate pace to match the activity in the book, and a variety of voices to differentiate between the characters. I'm looking forward to reading the Blood of the Fold!
1568493207|5.0|I loved this book.  Thought it was funny, challenging, but not too hard.  A great time capsule of the 60's.  Book captures the optimistic openness of that period.  Perhaps not understandable to people born later.  Should not attempt to read other Pynchon books unless you read this one first to test the water.
0671004107|5.0|I read the book and loved it, and I almost didn't see the movie because Contact seemed to me like the sort of book which would translate badly onto the screen.  I didn't trust hollywood not to ruin one of my favourite books.<BR> Well, it wasn't ruined.  I was annoyed by some things - for example, the sexual relationship between Ellie and Palmer Joss.  Why can't they understand you don't need romance in every movie? In the book the ambiguous relationship between them was one of the best parts.<BR> But this is a review of the book, not the movie.  I found it extremely readable, with believable characters and politics.  But the best of it was the UNDERSTANDABLE science.  So much hard sci-fi provides details you feel obliged to try to understand.  I'm 17 and I quit science last year. But Sagan makes it easy for the ignorant to appreciate the science in the book.<BR> I think Sagan combined science, politics and religion better than any other scifi I've ever read.  He doesn't push his point of view, but leaves the argument open.<BR> A very good book with a strong plot, interesting characters, emotion, visionary concepts and intelligent religious comment.  Now we can believe in God the creator AND the Big Bang.
0684874350|5.0|I first read a portion of Angela's Ashes in the New Yorker, a battered copy of which I found under the bed while I was recovering from the flu and bronchitis and thinking, martyr-like, that I was certainly near death.  The more I read, the more ashamed I felt.  I felt ashamed for laughing, and ashamed for feeling that I knew even remotely what suffering was.        When I finally read the entire book, I could feel that things would never be the same.  Only a few books in my life have affected me this way, but when they do, for good or bad, I know the author has done what it is that compells authors in the first place--change the world, one person at a time.  I laughed, I bawled...I read at least half the book to my sister over the phone, and have pestered my husband unceasingly to read it for himself.      Frank McCourt has given the world a wonderful book.
1563523302|1.0|I bought the book (should have borrowed it),  and found: 1. Not many new points, we should read the    Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin, or    keep your parents' advices in mind; 2. Anyone who is keen in numbers, is    self-disciplined or self-controlled,    and knows how to search for advices in finance,    should become rich; 3. Know what you're looking for in your life; 4. This book should be an article on a newspaper    instead of occupying space in bookstores.    It kills trees and makes the authors and the     publisher richer.
B000001FFJ|5.0|This album needs three listens then you're hooked for life. Depending on my mood I rate this or Hissing of Summer Lawns (J. Mitchell) as the best ever album. The weirdness of the instruments, instrumentation and playing on this record (e.g. Marc Ribot's upside-down guitar phrase on Clap Hands) just make it more lovable (as opposed to grating).     END
0553103547|5.0|I haven't read a great deal of fantasy/adventure, though several were very enjoyable. After reading 'A Game Of Thrones' I fear it will be very difficult to find its equal! Extraordinary story depth and richness, twists and turns like your favorite roller coaster and just as thrilling. Mr. Martin opened so many doors it seems it will take many more volumes in this series to deal with all that lies beyond them. So much the better! I love, respect, take pride in, fear, pity, mourn and despise his characters. They've drawn me into their world and I didn't want to leave until all was well. Alas, all is far from well, and I ache to revisit them! Mr. Martin, promise you will take good care of yourself...eat well, exercise regularly, no smoking...you must stick around for a long while so you can continue to astonish your admiring fans with these wondrous tales. If I could purchase them in advance, I would!
0679460063|5.0|I have read everyone of the Scarpetta series and I thought that the ending to this one was the best. I had no idea that it was going to be someone who we knew.  When she walked into that house I had hairs on my neck stand up also.  I am looking forward to reading Point of Origin.  Hurry up and publish it already!
044651652X|1.0|As in, I could not read this book.  I got through the first chapter and had to stop.  It wasn't just bad - it actually HURT me - almost physically, certainly mentally. I think that Amazon.com, as a philanthropic enterprise, should send every customer who rated this novel a 10 one good book.  Not a great one - these people are not ready for, say, Anna Karenina - just a good one, with at least one of the following virtues &quot;Bridges&quot; conspicuously lacks: 1) Sentences.<br />2) Human speech.<br />3) A moral center<br />or, lacking those,<br />4) Pictures
0517122707|5.0|Surely many find this text amusing and sad.The images and delights of New Orleans pop out at every reader. If you haven't read this one, DO. It's not one to miss...
0446605409|4.0|I was somewhat disappointed in this novel, because of the previous high-calibre works by Mr. DeMille.  It certainly is not his best book, but the main character IS likeable and the writing is tight.  Its biggest flaw seems to be a forced plot.
067158037X|5.0|From the moment I picked up the book, Frank McCourt stole my heart.  I could really feel the heartache of a small child faced with situations that the characters live. Coming from an Irish family, I understand what my grandmother went through growing up in America with Irish immigrant parents.
0679441018|5.0|Having read all of the Vampire Chronicles, I can honestly say that Memnoch the Devil was my favorite. <BR> It really explores the nature of God, man and the devil. It's a fitting end to the Chronicles.
0553573411|5.0|Thank you Ms. Hobb for a spellbinding, totally absorbing and entertaining read! I just started Assassin's Quest and can't wait for Ship of Magic.
0812550706|5.0|I understand how people can dislike any book or anything in any type of media (for instance I really don't like Titanic that much) but you must look at this book and put it in its own context. When people talk about &quot;Dune&quot; they don't mention the fact that it does not involve the use of computers.<br />   For instance, the comment of usenet.  First of all, it sounds more like chat forums combined with bulletin boards.  Secondly, when Card wrote this book when the internet as we know it (if not computers themselves . . . though that is a little naive) was just in its infancy.  Card probably knew little about online stuff at all (I don't even think that aol even existed . . not that that is neccesarily bad).<br />    On the other hand, when you think about it, the premise really is pretty rediculous . . . a six year old saving the world.  (Just like some movie about some robots who meet up with a kid and a monk who then go with a space pirate and his gigantic pet dog to save the galaxy from a man dressed like an ATM with a head)   <br /> Sometimes there are people who just don't like what many other people do and we have to accept that whether that is a sci-fi novel or the aforementioned Star Wars movie.  We shouldn't berate them because we all had those &quot;great books&quot; in high school we detested. (Even those who dislike Ender's Game can agree with that.)
0060922583|5.0|Totally mesmerizing. You will want to read this book again and again, each time you will find a new parallel and another interpretation of something that has always &quot;made me wonder&quot;. You will not look at the world in quite the same way again. The most thought provoking work I have read in a very long time. I think Einstein would have loved this work. I canot imagine anyone close minded enough not to get soemthing out of this work. Bravo Mr. Talbot.
185984054X|2.0|I used to work for Gift of Love, Mother Teresa's Aids Hospice in San Francisco.  What Christopher Hitchens reports about the hospice is completely untrue.  We administered pain medication on demand.  Our hospice was highly recommended by UCSF's Aids clinic and all of the AIDS organization in SF.  We had a long waiting list of AIDS patients trying to get in.  Public Health Nurses would work on a daily basis at the hospice and were highly supportive of its operation.  In this one area, Christopher Hitchens seems to have purposefully sought out people who would support his side of the story.  Such deterministic reporting makes me wonder about the accuracy of the rest of his book.  The title reflects his bias.  Hilary Kotter
031218087X|5.0|This fabulous book draws the reader in with an incredible plot and refuses to let go. Filled with plot twists and hidden agendas, each revelation leads to a new possible solution. The reader constantly finds his or her own grasp of each situation being pulled away.
0465068359|5.0|I read &quot;Rape&quot;, and then read the review by Kirkus Reviews. Did this guy read the same book? I have never disagreed more with an entire review than  this one. I thought the book was excellent, and hope that it will raise the world's consciousness about this entire event. The sad thing is that all the time I was reading it I was thinking, &quot;and now the Chinese have been doing similar things in Tibet.&quot; Perhaps Ms. Chang should explore the psychodynamics of that in her next book. I certainly agree with her about how thin is the veneer of civilization.
1853715085|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book. A girl at work lent it to me telling me it was good but I couldn't put it done once I started reading!
0345389409|4.0|A lot of people are beating up on this book, but really, I found it very interesting.  The whole idea that Memnoch, the devil, might not be the &quot;bad one&quot; was a very interesting notion.  The ending of the book is cryptic enough to make you wonder exactly whether your assumptions were correct or not.  (Those who've read it - feel free to email me with what you thought it meant - I'm not sure :)  PhotoJim@usa.net)  This book is very intellectual.  If you don't like thinking, it may not be for you.  I enjoyed it and found it worth the time.
0679459529|3.0|Although I was well aware that this book was the one to anwer all my questions, I was still disappointed to find that it did so easily. I'm afraid the adventure ended far too quickly for me - and I was especially saddened to discover that the Monoliths and their controllers had their weaknesses too. It was nice to think that us Earthlings will not always win in the end!  All together I felt that Arthur C Clarke could have concluded this epic series in a far less hurried way.
B00000099Y|5.0|On first hearing this album, one can be forgiven for thinking that it is just any old metal album. On listening to it in more detail, there are many depths to the music. Each time you listen to the album, you hear something new. A truely likeable album, well worth buying.     END
0440211727|5.0|This was the first Grisham I read, and I read it because I saw the movie and enjoyed it much.  I was wondering how the book could be as good as the movie and I was totally blown away.  Grisham's grip on dialog is the best I've ever read, and the background stories missing from the movie are enjoyable as well.  All in all probably the best, heartwrenching, emotional book I have ever read and it hooked me to the rest of John Grisham's books.  A definite must read.
0440224764|2.0|Where was the climax of the book?  Can anyone tell me?  It just kind of putt-putted along and then it drops off the chart at the end.  Was Grisham trying to put a &quot;moral to the story&quot; at the end or what?  While my wife and I are sick of the &quot;guy and girl run off to the Cayman islands&quot; at the end of most Grisham novels, this ending stunk.  In no way did Grisham ever prepare us for the end.  If he was going to end it that way, he should have made the &quot;Pluto Group&quot; something that Patrick had never heard of.  That's what I expected and it had by heart beating a bit harder.  But when it didn't happen, he had not laid the groundwork necessary to end the book like he did, in my opinion.  Overall, this was the worst Grisham book.  &quot;A Time to Kill&quot; is my favorite by the way.
0312962118|4.0|Some criticize this book as being not too plausible. I think that if you can't suspend your disbelief, then you will not be able to read many thrillers. Certainly Ludlum's plots are not plausible. In any event this is a suspenseful thriller that, to my relief, was not about another psychopathic serial killer or a conspiracy to take over the world. Its more in the mold of the several novels written about attempts to kill Hitler or FDR during WWII. If you like that sort of thing you should really give this book a try.
0440213525|5.0|This book had me hooked from page one.  I just couldn't put it down, and that of course,  is the mark of a great book.  It is truly believeble and actually had me fearing for the life of Mark Sway, even though I knew he was the hero of the book.  One in which you hated the bad guys, rooted for the good guys, and were disgusted by the lawyers trying to get in the way of their safety, a truly great book.
1559948671|4.0|Moore and Galloway have written a great account of infantry combat in Vietnam. The courage of the men in the battles is outstanding, and should never be forgotten. Unfortunately, Moore is not explicitly critical of the leadership which sent US soldiers badly outnumbered to LZ X-ray, and then on a murderous trek (90% casualties (KIA/WIA) in Charlie Company!) to LZ Albany. I felt this to be a major problem with this book. Hackworth's &quot;About Face&quot; gives better criticism of the Army leadership during the Vietnam war, and is much more satisfactory from this perspective.
067158037X|5.0|Someday I'd like to personally meet and thank Mr. McCourt for sharing his story with us.
0060926317|1.0|I enjoyed reading everyone else's Amazon reviews a lot more than the book itself! It's good to see so many people interested enough in a subject to take the time to comment -- positively or negatively.  <br /> Yes, I understand the need for more ecological harmony in the world. Yes, I think that there are people out there who live more balanced lives than Westerners. Morgan's message was so trite and obvious that there really wasn't anything new to learn in it. And it was so badly written that the message could barely show through at all. <br /> I don't think that asking a writer to communicate well is being a jaded literary snob. The purpose of language is to deliver ideas; badly used language delivers ideas badly. Ultimately it leads to more dire consquences than simply a few hours wasted on a bad book.  <br /> One of my favorite quotes, attributed to Confuscious: &quot;If what is said is not what is meant, then all that is to be done remains undone.&quot;
078388088X|1.0|I have to agree with the reviewer from Minneapolis on 06 Jan -- I've read all of Cornwell's books, and her last few have been real disappointments.  Perhaps if she herself hadn't established such a high level of (potential) excellence, she wouldn't be subject to such severe criticism now.  She appears to be doing what I consider -- from my own personal perspective -- to be a fatal mistake:  she's inserting too much politically-correct crap (pardon the expression, but it fits).  I'm tired of the feminist slant, I'm tired of the lesbian slant, I'm tired of the social commentary.  Those topics have their time and place -- a mystery/suspense novel isn't one of them, and I don't care about her personal views.  Just give me a good plot and sympathetic characters.  (And yes, I'm female.)  I couldn't have cared less about the characters in this latest excursion, and Lucy -- about whom I was initially ambivalent -- is really getting on my nerves.  Lately, even her love affair is a touch lacklustre.  Come on Kay -- we really do love you, and you really can do better...  For $20+, we deserve it...  P.S.  All that having been said, you're STILL my favorite author, bar none, so don't be discouraged -- just go back to what worked.
0899664474|5.0|I have read Siddhartha several times.  Each time I  have read it was at a critical period of my life.  The answer to the question of where does my path lie is always answered.  If you have not read it, I heartily recommend it.  If you have read it and enjoyed it as I have, I feel we have shared a tremendous experience.
031218087X|5.0|Dan Brown did a great job with Digital Fortress. I am so addicted to this book now... and yeah there are some really cool secrets hidden in the book.  DAN BROWN IS THE MAN!!!!!!!!
0399128964|5.0|I picked up Dune, not even being a fan of Sci-Fi literature; yet when I was finished, I rushed to the book store and bought all 5 of it's sequels!<br /> Frank Herbert is an equisitly talented writer, from whos style and extensive research came a novel that can only be described as magical.   <br /> Dune, is the story of a young boy with extraordinary powers, who rises to power, on the desert planet known as Arrakis.<br /> Filled with every kind of challange and adventure, from gigantic sand worms, to gripping battles, and  even sweet love &quot;affairs&quot;; Dune is the most exciting series I've ever read.<br /> My only regret, is that I don't have a talent with words worthy of this book's greatness. <br />
0446364495|5.0|When I finished reading The Bridges of Madison County, my heart just stopped because I didn't want it to end. Through the authors words, I felt like I was there seeing the story being acted out before my eyes. For those who thought that this book was stupid, you should read it again. The story is one of the most beautiful love stories I have ever read not like the usual romance stories that are around these days. It tells of the story of 'real' love and life as it happens. I'm sure that there are thousands of people out there in the world, whose love story follows much of what Robert James Waller has written. My own parents love story is much like this. They had to sacrifice so much and yet they loved each other until the very end. To those again who hated the book, you haven't learnt the meaning of what a pure and lasting love is all about.
0060801263|1.0|This is a book I actually hated. I felt it was meant to show &quot;what growing up in a poor Catholic family in that time period in Brooklyn was like.&quot; That's my family background, and it just struck me as some upper-class WASP who beat it out of the brownstones down South at a young age's snobbish look down. The &quot;plain&quot; daughter got sent to a convent? The daughter who was moving up financially sent her kids to an Episcopalian school? The mother told her daughter it would have been a beautiful thing if she'd lost her virginity to a guy she wasn't going to see again, although wearing her hair down was bad? This is probably my least favorite book ever (I finished it because it was a school assignment.)
0440539811|5.0|maybe it isn't true, but it's true.  i can open this book at any time and find truths in it.  this book changed the ways i thought about many things.  it may be difficult to read, but it's well worth it.
1573225517|5.0|What an excellent book. I felt every emotion while reading this novel. What more can you ask from an author! Can't wait for Hornby's next novel.
0802713319|4.0|Mr. Singh certainly does his best to make Fermat's problem accessible and the search to prove it compelling.  But unfortunately, as the mathematics get more abstract, the layman reader gets further and further from any sense of why this problem is important and what its solution could mean.  One has to admire Andrew Wiles for his intellect and his tenacity, and the book certainly demonstrates that mathematics has its share of tragic heroes.  I have to conclude, though, that the plot summary is more interesting than the book.  It was a good idea, but there wasn't quite enough material for successful execution.
0887306101|4.0|I enjoyed the inquisitive nature of the interviewer (Schwager).  He challenged the traders with various different questions.  I feel the book is a must read for any one in the &quot;Trading Game&quot;
0606045740|5.0|A truly amazing book!  Koontz blends a wonderful storytelling style with his amazing ability to animate his characters.  By the end, you will know and love all of them!  Travis and Nora overcome all odds in their improbable relationship, the Outsider struggles with his &quot;killer/soldier&quot; genetic makeup, and Einstein...well, Einstein will take your breath away.  He's a companion and a buddy like no dog you've ever seen. Take a trip on the &quot;Watchers&quot; train; the ups and downs will make your head spin, and I guarantee that this is one book you will never forget!
0440213525|1.0|Caveat: I'm not a huge Grisham fan, so I'm sure some bias has slipped in here.  But I think this book is just awful.  While his other books are at least entertaining, this thing dies quickly after a semi-decent premise.  The biggest problem is that there's only about 50 pages worth of story, and a writer with his minimal powers of description can't get away with hundreds of pages of fluff.  Don't read this book--read Presumed Innocent instead.
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowry's novel, The Giver, plants readers inside a utopian (or dystopian?) society that is difficult to comprehend.  Jonas's job as Receiver of Memories shows the young man everything his community has given up in order to be free from pain and differences.  Realizing that so much joy was sacrificed along with the pain, Jonas and the Giver of Memories collaborate to bring real emotions back to the community.  This book really made me grateful that I have agency and can make my own decisions, and it also made me thankful for real feelings of happiness -- things we really take for granted.
0385472951|5.0|This book was excellent. I couldn't put the book down. Every page brought more suspense. If you like Grisham's other books, you'll love this one.
0140185232|5.0|Maugham's classic novel of Larry traveling the world in search of himself is one of the few up front philisophical narratives. The story reads well, however one will need patience to get through the first half until the story picks up. When you reach this point, you will be glad you did. Characters were well drawn, with some sketchy situations about relationships between the characters, particularly Maugham himself. If you read the book, I would not bother watching the 1946 Tyrone Powell movie, for it loses it 'classic' name when you have read it. Besides all the questions of realism, the story was told well and made its point quite clearly.
0812034465|5.0|I think Harper Lee's novel was a warm and pure piece of American literature. The last two chapters really affected me the most, as Scout starts to loose her innocence that carried her through many events in her childhood. When Scout finally realizes what her fathter meant when he said, &quot; To really understand a person you have to step in their shoes and walk around in them for awhile,&quot; you really see how much she is starting to mature.  He teaches them through his actions and his words what is right and wrong and you should follow your conscience no matter what anyone says.   I recomend this book to readers of all ages.
0465068359|3.0|Chang gives a detailed accounting of the horrific winter of 1937 in Nanking, and for that I am grateful. A full volume about the Japanese Rape of Nanking is a welcome addition to any history shelf.     I am not one of the &quot;most&quot; Americans who had no prior knowledge of Nanking's plight, but Chang filled in many of the blanks. Sadly for Chang (and the rest of us) the book lacks a clear study of why the Japanese behaved as they did. (I mention this because Chang asks that rhetorical question early in the volume, but never gets around to saying much else about it aside from a brief outline of the brutality involved in the army's training; there is nothing unique about &quot;brutal&quot; training for an army.)   While the Imperial Army's conduct throughout the war was less than honorable regarding treatment of POWs (Bataan, Malaysia, Singapore, Burma, etc.) and well documented, I had hoped to gain a little more insight. Helping to explain the lack of depth is the Japanese denial that Nanking was ever a problem of such magnitude. Still, Chang's work is important, very important, because it will tell that sad tale to many readers who otherwise would never have heard about the terrible loss of life in that old city.     My thanks to the author.
0060926317|3.0|I was just about to purchase this book when I saw the lively debate raging in the review section. I read this book about three years ago in Italy.  It was an Italian translation, so I must admit I cannot really comment about the writing style since Italian is not my native language and it may have been the Italian translator (not the author) who was at fault for the bad prose.  I have given it a 5 because I am now rather perplexed as to how I should view this work.  I admit that after having read it I was delighted.  The message was very inspirational and made me rethink my own life.  However, when I think that Ms. Morgan may be grossly misinterpreting Aboriginal culture for her own greedy needs, it quite honestly disgusts me.  I was deeply disturbed by comments from people who know Aboriginees and Australians, claiming that her work is a pack of lies.  If this is the truth, you should not only NOT buy her book, but you should spread the word.  Until I get authentification that Ms. Morgan's story is indeed a fiction developed for her own greedy needs, I will leave my rating as a five.  Before we make a movie out of this story, I hope that Hollywood (for once its history) will seek to rectify all erroneous information contained within the book.
0446604844|5.0|The book was very entertaining - picked up the book and could not put it down until I finished.  I will buy his next book without even looking!
044022425X|2.0|Who wrote this book???? It is interesting to see that I am not alone in my disappointment.  As others have said, the first three books in this series are fantastic.  In fact, they are probably among the most entertaining books I have ever read.  Gabaldon has an airtight writing style that is easy to follow, and yet doesn't insult the reader's intelligence.  Her plots are fantastic as she twists a virtually seamless storyline between past and 'present'.  The first three books of this series are overflowing with mind-blowing adventure and plenty of detail. <br />   My question is... WHAT HAPPENED? <br /> Picking up Drums of Autumn after having read its predecessors is a gargantuan let-down.  You expect a riveting frolic of a read and get 'Walden' instead. How could an author who fueled the break-neck, gut-wrenching speed of her plots with things like murder, vicious animal attacks, necromancy, male rape, ancient Celtic religion, piracy, voodoo, abduction, war, torture....how could this same author give us the 'horror' of pulled back muscles and expect us to be content?  After the Parisian underworld and the  Scottish Highlands, the backwoods of the colonial US ain't cuttin' it, so to speak.  Gabaldon gave time travel a realistic feel in her first three books, yet in Drums of Autumn you feel there should be a baggage check behind one of the megaliths, since the whole process is demystified, first by Brianna's sojourn to the 18th century, and then by Roger,who, hot on Brianna's heels, decides to jump in too.  Almost everything about this book falls short of the mark, ESPECIALLY when you know what a fantastic tale Gabaldon can write.  <br />  To be fair, I have to say certain parts were interesting.  The depiction of the hardships of  plantation life in the rural South were captivating. The bear attack was graphic, vivid, and a glimmer of the old Gabaldon adventure I love.  Claire's method of debriding Roger's gangrenous wound also hearkened back to the style of the other books.  Brianna and Roger's courtship at the Scots festival was very convincingly and tenderly written,without being sappy.  Unfortunately, after the aforementioned courtship scenes, all we here about Brianna is how tall she is, and how red her hair is, and we are reminded of this ad nauseam.  Very little character development...just tall/statuesque/towering/intimidating/impressive with red/flaming/auburn/copper/sun-lit/firey  hair/tresses/locks/mane.  Pick a permutation.     It is an interesting concept, having Jamie and Claire age with the series, but does that mean we have to forget about nail-biting entertainment?  I hope Gabaldon returns to her old style.  I will buy her next book, but since I was burnt on this one, I will wait for the paperback.  Drums of Autumn, hardcover, was an enormous and expensive disappointment.
0446364495|4.0|I thought Waller did a pretty good job of conveying the dilemma faced by Francesca and I particularly liked the conclusion (she didn't leap out of her husband's car into the truck while it was stopped, thereby giving it a little more credibility than a Harlequin romance).  I've walked my mile in Francesca's shoes, so I'm sure that makes me a little more tolerant--and I'd still love to see this theme treated to a less maudlin interpretation.  I thought, though, that the real love story was between Francesca and her husband, and that it deserved more exploration.
044651652X|1.0|I don't believe in reviewing books which I haven't read.  Even if it is SO bad I feel myself apologizing to my eyes for even looking at the words I STILL have to finish it--if only to be able to say, &quot;yes, I read it.  I hated it. Here's why...&quot;     And this book, for the past two years, has remained the book which I have read and regretted reading the most.  I almost WISHED I had stopped at page one.  My only consolation remains the fact that I didn't buy the book, only borrowed it from a friend (who lent it to me with these words: &quot;you'll never believe this was published!&quot;).  And disbelieving I am.  The characters are two-dimensional (and that may be giving them a dimension or two more than they deserve) and the style reminds me of another book I read once: Dick and Jane and their adventures with Spot.     But I still forged ahead.  After all, I hated Orwell's Animal Farm until the last page, and now it is one of my favorite books.  &quot;Perhaps,&quot; I thought naively, &quot;this will be a similar case.&quot;  Wrong-o.  The fact that she left all of this adulterous crap to her daughter only left me feeling depressed!  I'm not married, but I hope that if I ever do I can remember the words that got me there....something, something, honor, cherish, til death do us part...sound familiar?  But instead she just thought that a letter and some fond memories would make it all better, that she would be redeemed and that the &quot;love&quot; that she shared, if ever briefly, would be enough to vindicate her.     Sorry, can't agree with you there Mr. R.J. Waller.  She's a slut.  The book is trash and if it wasn't for Oprah you would almost certainly be eating out of a garbage can right now and trying to sell horoscopes to a bad suburban newspaper.     Ladies and gentlemen, Romance is officially dead, and this book is pimping the corpse.
0451191935|4.0|All the stories are great.  Roadwork is the best because it tell a story of man trapped between a rock and a hard place.  The only way out is his!! The Running Man isn't like the movie, but a great story as well!!  The Long Walk is a journey of endless miles on the road till everyone dies trying!!--Great Stories!
0440224764|1.0|Having trouble sleeping? Try The Partner. The only reason I finished it is because I paid good money for the book. Other than that, it was one of the worst books I've ever read. The characters were poorly developed and the plot was a complete bore. And I saw the Eva twist coming early on. I'm just glad I waited to buy it in paperback because I sure would have hated to waste $20-plus on this one.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah Carey is certainly not afraid to let her emotions prevail, specifically in her latest release, &quot;Butterfly&quot;.  In this album, she's free such as a butterfly in letting go of past references to her &quot;pretty girl&quot; image and letting her true feelings pour through.  Most noteworthy songs on the album are the title track &quot;Butterfly&quot;, a collaboration with Bone Thugs-In-Harmony &quot;Breakdown&quot;, a Puffy-produced &quot;Honey&quot;, a duet with Dru Hill on a Prince cover &quot;The Beautiful Ones&quot; and the vocally and emotionally outstanding &quot;Close My Eyes&quot;.  Spread your wings and prepare to fly, because this c.d. will take you on a journey of a lifetime!!     END
0345315227|5.0|Okay...  I admit it, I AM BIAS!  I'll read Clarke's grocery list if he published it!!  I love the way this man writes.  His descriptions of  things, places and events are just incredible!  He transports you there!  I could see the rain on Venus,  the asteroid rustlers working, Poole's body being rescued!  It is almost impossible to see where his science stops and his fiction begins.  3001 is a wonderful view of what human society will be in the future.
0141301074|5.0|It was funny, the way you never knew what was just around the corner.  From upside-down monkeys to birds glued to trees,  Roald Dahl keeps pursueing you to read more!  (Julia age 9)
6302373921|5.0|Famous Music film maker D.A.Pennebaker Made this classic music film About the band depeche mode. The video takes you on tour with Depeche mode and follows them through thier time on tour from Nashville to thier destination &quot;The Rose Bowl&quot;. You are also there to follow fans of the band who won a contest to be in the movie and tour with depeche mode. Although I got sick of the contest winners I found it all worth it to see the greatest band in the world preform some of thier greatest songs.   - Roger &quot;Pimpf Boy&quot; Erickson     END
0553108034|5.0|A Game of Thrones is simply the best fantasy novel I have ever read.  I look forward to the next installment.  If you haven't read A Game of Thrones yet...you'll not be let down.  It is unlike any other novel in the genre.
0884271536|3.0|Easier to put down than The Goal or It's Not Luck.  But for those, like me, that are in neither manufacturing nor marketing, it provides useful applications of TOC for project management.  I wish Goldratt would summarize the principles of his &quot;novels&quot; in an appendix.  Often I wish to refer back to the key principles that could be summarized in 5-10 pages, but instead I must pour through weak dialogue to pull them out for revew.
0440227275|5.0|The Giver is 1984 for young readers.<BR> Lois Lowery gives a comprehensive description of the life that Jonas leads.  It allows young adults to question our society's strengths and weaknesses! EXCELENT!!!
0449911357|5.0|I read very little fiction, as a rule, because most of it seems to be cut from the same cloth. However when I realized that one of my favorite movies was based on a book, I had to get it. I was not disappointed. Although the movie and book differ in many ways, the true essence of the story is the same. This is the &quot;feel good&quot; book of the century!
0440213525|1.0|Come on, now. A kid goes into shock for the entire length of the novel,just because he saw his big brother in a precarios situation? What kind of stuff is this kid made of? Does he wet his pants whenhe gets a bad report card? This and many other elements of The Client are the makings of a great fairy tale. but not serious fiction. The only reason I stayed with this one was to see if Cinderella and Snow White would make appearances.
0205191584|5.0|&quot;The Elements of Style&quot; is the Bible of good writing.  Sadly, more students who write graduate research papers in English literature need to read this book.
0385472951|4.0|Grisham's story grabs you from the very beginning and does not let go until the last lines of the novel. Ingenious ending, will upset most readers, but it'll keep you thinking for days after you finish reading.
0553573411|5.0|Marvellous I managed to lose days of my life as I got more and more involved with the Characters
0745144780|5.0|I read this book when I was young and I have remembered it and Emma in Winter and Summer Birds for the last 20 years or so.  I plan to buy them for my own children to read someday.
1567184855|5.0|I have considered and enquired into many of the popular religions of today. In addition, I come from 30 years of Fundamentalist teaching. I have read the book three times now and each time I become more convinced of it's authenticity. Suddenly, dejavu makes sense. My life has also become peaceful and tranquil as I realise that there are no &quot;mistakes&quot;. Relationships, whether close or otherwise, are all important to me. I look at some folks and realize that we have seen previous lives together. I am no longer devastated by misfortune and tradegy but look on them as part of my growing exercise. My realationship with my Creator has taken on a new meaning and I think that perhaps I understand just a little more of the true meaning of life and it's consequences. Many parts of the great jigsaw puzzle have suddenly fallen into place. I highly recommend that you read the book thoughtfully and with great care and watch the light start to dawn on your soul. Michael, thank you for sharing it with us!
0465068359|5.0|First of all IRIS CHANG is a woman... &quot;Chang fails because he rushes to simplify complex events.&quot;  This person states that the book is &quot;inadequate as history.&quot;  What?!  Did you even read the book?  Hundreds of thousands of innocent people were systematically raped, mutilated, tortured, and killed!  Their story is finally being told while the Japanese government continues to deny this - despite all the facts.  In essence they are making light of this tragedy and denying the existence of these people.  After reading your review, it's obvious you are doing the same.
0440224764|5.0|Grisham captures the essence of details that are riviting.  You want to know what's next and next...  I give this book an excellent rating.  Defintely his Best!
0679457313|3.0|I found this book extremely difficult to continue reading. I read about halfway through and had to force myself to go on. I found all of the characters repulsive and the horrific conclusion gave me nightmares (literally). Waaaayy too many similes and Joyce-esque words (ie &quot;sariflapping&quot;.) However it stuck in my mind and haunted me. So I give it 6 only for that reason, because I really did not enjoy reading this book.
044651506X|4.0|Mr. DeMille has great plot ideas, but what I love best about his books are the characters.  You really get to know his people.  My favorites:  Gold Coast and Charm School, were better than this one, I think, but this story is interesting, and the protaganist is thoroughly enjoyable.  All of deMille's characters are so witty!  The biological stuff was very creepy, and interesting.  Some of the other reviewers didn't like this one - I can't understand their problem.  He's a wonderful writer.  Read this book.  It's a mystery, it's scary, it's funny; it's even a little bit sexy.  Then be sure to read The Gold Coast, The Charm School and The General's Daughter.<BR>  Mr. DeMille, hurry up with your next work.  Your number one fan is waiting!!  I am such a fan that I even buy the hardback editions.
0688062334|5.0|Howl's Moving Castle is the best fairy-tale book I have ever read. I first read it when I was 11 and since then I must have read it a hundred times. The librarian told me that since I check it out so much, I should just buy a copy of my own and now it's my rainy-day or whenever I feel like getting away from the world book.
0679457313|5.0|This novel leaves you really enthralled. I didn't expect to be interested in the lives of people in the south of India. I bought it because I sort of liked the first two pages. Normally I don't really go for this exotic stuff. But as soon as you start reading this one you are led back to those hazy thoughts or feelings of your childhood, to those struggles to come to terms with the world all those adults around you have built for themselves. And then there is this strange story of love and death cleverly unfolded with lots of hints that make you curious. And then there are all those feelings, impressions, descriptions which make you really smell this river, feel the heat, the denseness, the fear, the uncertainty, the danger of losing the love of your parents etc. Having finished this novel I can still feel it somewhere in my emotions. This is something I can't remember having experienced before. Gerhild Ahnert
0399128964|5.0|I was only 4 years old when I first saw the screen version of this book and then I was hooked. Granted I shouldn't have gotten interested in the book just because of the movie, but the movie went well with the book. It put a face to the all the characters that I was so fascinated with.  DUNE should be a book that should be read in high school, and studied. There is a message for those who read the book and those who are die hard fans of Frank Herbert will understand and relate it to present day....
0140430962|5.0|I really enjoy when I find something by myself that I have never heard of, and therefore has no hype to live up to in my view.  I bought The Woman in White on a whim, and found myself hooked on such a masterpiece of suspense and plot-twisting fun. The wonderful thing about reading a thriller written in the 1800s is that you get to avoid the swearing and explicit sex that permeates the current list of similar bestsellers.
0385040253|5.0|Ashley's Book of Knots is the most amazing book in my collection.  Aside from discussing about every type of knot one can think of, it is a collection of beautiful pen drawings, not only of knots, but of people in interesting situations.  After 50 years, Ashley's book continues to be the most often quoted reference in the ongoing science of knot development.  It is the Bible of knots.
0553328255|5.0|If you are going to read mysteries, this is the place to start.  Here are the deductions from cigarette ash, the impossible cases and the \\"elementary Watson's\\" that have become so famous.  While the stories are anything but realistic, Doyle makes the impossible plausible and, despite all of the parodies and criticisms, the stories are actually passably believable. Of course, there is still plenty of suspension of disbelief, but if it was absolute realism that you wanted you wouldn't read this book in the first place.  The short stories are fast paced and straightforward. The collection includes Doyle's forays into third person writing and stories told by Holmes himself, but neither is anywhere near as good as those narrated by Dr. Watson.  The novels vary in quality. The Hound of the Baskervilles is, of course, the classic and A Study in Scarlet (in which Holmes and Watson make their first appearance) is good mostly as an introduction to the characters. It starts well enough, with Holmes doing what he does best, but there is a long story-within-the-story which drags on and on and is, of all things, extremely insulting to Mormons. It should also be noted that the narration can be very racist by modern standards, no worse than any contemporary writing but not much better. Still, this is a must-read for any serious mystery reader and most casual ones.
0440224764|4.0|&quot;The Partner&quot; was a good fast read.  It was entertaining from beginning to end.  Some will be disappointed because the &quot;love interest&quot; is distant and only touched on.  The ending surprised me, and I admit that I was a little disappointed.  BUT A GOOD READ!
0679745203|1.0|The English Patient lacked all but one of the characterics that make for a truely great novel.  It's characters were lackluster and one dimensional, it's plot was missing, it's pace was slow and plodding, and it had no ending.  It did have some  lovely prose.  For me, lovely prose just isn't enough.
0446364495|1.0|I am completely saddened by this book for two reasons: 1) by its content and 2) by its popularity.  As far as the content is concerned,  the love story was almost plausible.  Anyone would over romanticize the most meagre encounter if it frees them from a horrible existence.  However, the entire encounter was so incredibly trite and the language so absolutely painful I wanted to quit at every page.  I didn't quit because so many 'respected' friends had recommended it.  Their input is now taken with a grain of salt.  The part that depresses me the most is the popularity of this book.  I can only shake my head and feel very sorry for the people who think this was the best love story they have ever read.  I can only imagin that these peoople feel this way because they identify with the sorry, trapped existence of Francesca.  By remaining in her circumstances and  lying every day of her life to her family, Francesca gives the reader an excuse not to take charge of their lives and to remain powerless and blame it on others.  &quot;My husband will be ruined, I can't leave the kids etc.&quot;   Unfortunately, Waller has captured the weakest of humans to deliver as model of behavior.  I'm insulted by this behavior. This woman didn't do  her family any favors.  She gave them a gift they didn't need - deceit.  I wouldn't be so disgusted if she had simply fallen in love, decided to stay with her family and put the encounter behind her knowing she was stronger because she made the decision that was right for her.  No, she continued to build barriers into her life and nurture the deceit over the years and we're supposed to think this is beautiful?  I think I'm going to be sick.
0316286869|5.0|Excellent Make up tips. I loved it! Also the photography and transformations were incredible.
0385311400|4.0|This was the first book by Gabaldon that I have read.  I did not realize that it was part of a series until halfway through the book (I was expecting major flashbacks to explain references to past events), however, I was able to get a decent grasp of Claire and Jamie's stories. Drums of Autumn was good enough in parts that I want to read the first 3 books of the series, but only in parts.  Maybe Gabaldon should put out an abridged version!  I actually skipped a good chunk after Roger was shipped off to the Indians because I was disgusted by how the author was manipulating the story in such an artificial way.  I mean, if Roger had just said &quot;but I love your daughter&quot; or something in that vein, the book would have been maybe 200 pages shorter, and better.  I got the feeling that Gabaldon might have been going more for quantity than overall quality.  However, when she hits her writing stride, she is very good, and that made me pick up the book again, skim it until Jamie and Ian realize that the man they pummeled was Roger, and continue reading from there.   Overall, I felt that the characters of Brianna and Roger were not developed well, and as a consequence, far less engaging than Claire and Jamie.  They were downright annoying at times, and I'm not sure if I would continue reading the series if they became the main characters.
0440224764|4.0|AFTER JOHN GRISHAM'S FIRST 3 NOVELS, I THOUGHT HE COULD BECOME ONE OF THE GREATEST AUTHORS EVER.  HE THEN WENT DOWN HILL AND COMPLETELY DISAPPOINTED ME, EVEN THOUGH I CONTINUED TO READ EACH NEW RELEASE.  THE PARTNER WAS A TURNAROUND.  AS WITH ALL HIS NOVELS IT MOVES VERY FAST AND KEPT MY ATTENTION.  I LIKED THE STORY LINE MUCH BETTER, ALTHOUGH IT DID BECOME PREDICTABLE. THIS BOOK WAS GOOD, BUT COULD HAVE BEEN GREAT.  THERE IS NOT A TON OF CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT BUT THE STORY WAS GREAT.  A GOOD FAST READ.
0553573403|5.0|Move over Tad Williams - Tolkien has a new heir to the Throne.  This book has DEPTH.  Not since Tolkien's Middle Earth has a world been so fully realized.  Here is a story that lingers, haunting the reader long after the last page is turned.
0399128964|5.0|Is there any doubt that Dune deserves a shot at the title of &quot;Best Novel of the 20th Century&quot;?  The book transcends the S-F genre... it is the finest book of our times.  I have faith that it will survive the filter of time and its zealots will sustain it forever!
0380002930|5.0|The rabbits search for a new home and happiness is an example of people in exile. When Hazel joins the Black Rabbits Owsla is in my opinion one of the most touching moments in writing.
0312854021|5.0|This books stands on my shelf along with books such as Crime And Punishment, The Hobbit, and Dune.  It won't by any means, live as long as War and Peace, but then again, who asked for it to?  There were certainly some...  questionable periods in the book, but then again, there were some very believable things in it.  Especially for a child (myself many years ago) involved in government programs.  My feelings were mixed immeditiatly after having read the story, but after allowing it to sit in the back of my mind for a while I began to understand some of the more subtle points.  I only hope that others can do the same for this trully masterful peice of writing of our own time.
0679457313|5.0|The book is an unfaultering display of beautiful language and challenging ideas. I really loved reading it.
0671004107|5.0|First let me say that unlike most who apparently have posted here I'm not going to talk about or rate the movie version of this novel.  I'm also not going to base my rating on a comparison of the two.<br />   I found this book in the late 80's on a local bookstore shelf and decided it sounded interesting.  I had actually read an excerpt, I reallized, several years before.  The book laid out the &quot;BASIC&quot; themes of contention between fact and faith.  Within this discourse the autor found a way to introduce the reader to some amazingly interesting characters.  How easy it would have been to go heavy on the science and forget that you're writting about people.  Sagan takes us into the &quot;soul&quot; of Dr. Arroway.  Yes, her soul was the very thing that eventually drove her to each new accomplishment.  The author lets us see that her mind was only the vehicle.  This story is her story of discovery and because of that the ending is especially important.  The story shows the frailty of the human species when mind and soul are at odds or simply not allowing the other to exist.<br />   Sagan goes to a great expense of the English language though to tell his story.  Although I didn't count there seemed to be &quot;millions and millions&quot; of extra words thrown in needlessly.  Alot of the science though was explained well enough for even me to grasp.  I appreciate that.  The storyline is well crafted and engaging.  The characters are interesting and the book is still the second best novel I've ever read.  I'm about to order it again.<br />   A MUST READ
0060187557|1.0|I'm soooooo glad I *borrowed* a copy of this book.  :-)  I won't comment on the technical failings of the book (that's been done well enough by the other reviewers) suffice it to say that the premise of the book, suppose to be so realistic that &quot;tomorrow it could be news&quot;, is laughable.  <br /> As a writer, Robinson isn't worthy to be Tom Clancy's boot strap.  OK, OK, in the techno-thriller genre we don't expect literary masterpieces, but Robinson's writing is so bad as to be laughable.  The plot actually gets *bogged down* through the middle third of the book -- a capital crime in the genre.  The characterisations are ridiculously sketchy and/or cliched, even for a technothriller.  Buy one of Clancy's you haven't read, get a subscription to Jane's defence  weekly, watch &quot;The Hunt for Red October&quot; again, call your mum, just do anything but buy this book (it'll only encourage him).
0385472951|4.0|Yet another super novel after &quot;The Runaway Jury&quot; by John Grisham who has certainly lived up to his reputation as one of the world's most popular author.<br />The story revolves around Patrick Lanigan, partner at a growing four-partner law firm who has everything he could think of, a lucrative job, a lovely family and a bright future. But not for long! He stumbles on the firm's dark secret and discovers that one of its client has been deceiving the government and the IRS by overcharging in a millitary contract. He dies in a car accident,  but only six weeks after his death, $90million disappear from the firm's account. The whole world believes him dead, but the firm knows that he was on the run. A shrewd private private investigator tracks him down in Brazil. The firm and the government  want him to lead them to money but only a friend of Patrick can lead them to the money. So, Lanigan is cutting out a deal with  FBI to get the charges against him dropped in exchange of exposing the Firm and its filthy client.
0812550706|5.0|This book was excelently written. I had never even liked reading, then my friend made me read this one. It usually took me a year or two to finish a 300 page book, but I read this in 3 days. The plot was exciting and the ending was very different than I expected it would be. It was action packed in my minds eyes. Read this book next, you won't regret it.
067158037X|3.0|There's nothing wrong with a good pint, so why is Frankie's father portrayed as such a bad guy?!? Cheers!
0553573403|5.0|Now, since I've read The Lord of the Rings, Tehanu and Stone of Tears, I never thought I could again read such fine high fantasy. But George R. R. Martin knocked all other books, even those three aforementioned, right off my piedestal. The extraordinary charachters, teeming with life, who, true to life's uncertainties, get killed off whereas in other books they would by themselves carry the plot further on, a story in which magic is a ssecretive as it should be and no one is dancing around hefting fireballs at every villager in sight (for a break from usual Dragonlance-like stuff), and a tempo of wild horses which nails you to the bed/chair/bus/office... Yes, George R. R. Martin is the only one worthy of carrying the title 'the next Tolkien' - for he is the one who best shows that fantasy has matured. Oh, so matured.
0805017305|4.0|This book gives you an incredible insight into the pride of the American Indians and their struggle to keep what is rightfully theirs.  The book will also make you cry and feel guilt for what the New Americans have done to these proud Original Americans.  The book is filled with thought provoking statements by the chiefs of the tribes asking why their way of life needs to be changed by the New Americans and why they can't live together in peace.    The author does a fairly good job of describing the crimes of the white man, both the army and civilians, against the indians.  She does on occasion gloss over, and attempts to justify, equally horific actions by the indians.  All in all, the book made me feel good about the American Indians proud heritage and connection with their spirits and the land and their simple way of life.  It also made me sad for the crimes that the New Americans committed against them and are still committing, the stealing of their land. The elimination of their game and destruction of their natural resources. Ther herding of them onto reservations in desolate areas, far from their homeland, that the New Americans did not want.  As I read this book, I had to keep reminding myself that these atrocities occurred only about one hundred years ago.  Good read!
0385484518|5.0|This book is outstanding to me, not because of its great in-depth intellectual insights on the meaning of life, dying and death; but, because of the way it hooked me emotionally so that I experienced Morrie's and Mitch's Tuesdays from a feeling level that brought tears to my eyes more than once as the words let me be present with them each Tuesday during their class.  Baby Boomer values are talked about from a contemporary perspective that will inspire some from this generation to change their lives and be more powerful role models for younger generations to better realize their life's potential
0553108034|4.0|Although it gives hints of future aspects of magic and sorcery; the Song of Fire and Ice is more concerned with the engaging saga of the coming-of-age siblings of a noble family caught up in the intrigues of an empire that is on the brink of destruction due to the incestuous mayhem caused by the ruling royalty.  The reader is decisively swept up in rooting for the humanitarian code of honor that the heroes portray, in comparison to the mercenary values of the villain.  One wild card in the misshapen dwarf, Tyrion, whose birth and spoken intentions gives allegiance to the antagonist royal family, but his humor and sympathetic circumstance gives an aspect of a wild cannon lose within the narrative, in that the read naturally hopes that such a likable character will cross over to the &quot;good side&quot;.
0140187537|5.0|Without doubt, one of the finest in the Steinbeck pantheon. A wry, delicately written novel of intense moral conviction made  all the more effective by not making a moral pronouncement. A haiku poem in novel form. Recognition at last by the Nobel committee of the greatness of Steinbeck as a writer.
0453009115|5.0|I am disturbed by the negative statements of those who didn't quite get this book.  I was overwhelmed when I read the reviews.  You either love the book  or you hate it, which certainly ranks it right on top in controversial books.  I enjoyed this book every step of the (granted long but rewarding) way.  Howard and Dominique are very interesting, thought-provoking characters that can literally change your views about life.  It contains revolutionary ideas or free thought that are very important in our forever changing world.  Imagine, for a minute, what the world would be like if no one spoke out against the communist philosophy. If you were forced to live under communism, you wouldn't have the choice to read this book, but you would certainly have a real understanding of its meaning.  This book is about the most precious thing that we have...LIFE and Rand's philosophy of getting the most out of it!  Enjoy!
0399142851|5.0|Dr. Kay Scarpetta,the Chief Medical Examiner of the Commonwealth of Virginia takes on cases where bodies are turning up dimembered and carrying an unidentifiable disease and has to stop it from spreading.That little part I just wrote is very blunt.There is alot more to the book.I am 13 and a huge fan of Patricia Cornwell and her Dr. Kay Scarpetta M.E.  novels. I liked this bookand all of the previous books in the Scarpetta series because I feel as if I know Kay and the other characters.For those of you that haven't read any of her work,I encourage for you to do so.Her books take you into the facinating world of forensic science to solve cases. I reccomend this book,and all of her other books.
6301697707|5.0|Tremors And Tremors 2 was good but you should have used the other guy in # 2 instead of Earl Bassett     END
0345350472|5.0|Well this book documents the trials of a Bounty Hunters troubles while hunting down renegade Androids. This book asks the question &quot;whos right to take a life?&quot; and &quot;Who am I actually?&quot;  with an unusal plot, and a surpiseing way about it this book faithfull contributes to the Blade Runner universe, and it also started it.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays With Morrie by Mitch Albom<br /> Have you ever had a favorite teacher?  Have you ever wondered what they've been up to since you last saw them?<br /> A little more than 20 years ago, Mitch Albom graduated from Brandeis University, kissed his favorite professor Morrie Schwatrtz good-bye and said he'd keep in touch.  But he didn't.  At least not until the night he was flippng through tv stations and found his old professor's face staring back at him.  There was Morrie Schwartz being interviewed by Ted Koppel on Nightline.  Morrie once a man that danced wildy among the college set in Boston was dying from ALS  (Lou Gehrig's disease)  but he chose not to go quietly into that good night.  Surrounded by his family, friends, colleagues and books, Morrie discoursed daily about &quot;this business of dying.&quot;  When he came to the attention of Ted Koppel he agreed to do a series of interviews for the public to learn more about him, his disease  and his ideas.<br /> Within a short time, Mitch is traveling once a week on Tuesdays to spend time with his mentor and continue his education with this final thesis.  The subjects they discuss range from money, career, family, values, love, self pity and dying. And as Morrie weakens and approaches the end, Mitch is finally able to put his own life into its proper prespective.<br /> A poignant quote from Morrie, &quot;We have to know about dying in order to live.&quot;<br /> A warm and very moving book.  Makes me wish I once had a professor like Morrie Schwartz.
0679457313|4.0|This is a lovely book which drew me in more and more as I continued to read.  The novel is like a whirlpool told forward from the past and backward from the future, coming ever closer to the central moment, that which changed all the characters lives so dramatically.  The closer you get to this point, the longer the time you spend without setting the book down.  While trying to describe the plot to a friend, he told me it sounded like the content of a South American &quot;telenovela&quot;, and after a bit of reflection, I realized he was right.  But the structure of the novel is so incredibly unique, and so is the language that Ms. Roy uses to enter the minds of the children, Rahel and Estha, whose special relationship as twins is a theme I find interesting and provocative.  All of the characters in this novel are interesting in fact, and the author has such a special gift for getting inside their minds.  I was impressed because this female writer from a part of the world I have never been to and know nothing about was able to make me remember things I said as a child and thought while growing up.  This is a difficult novel, however, and I think the great number of bad reviews on this page is due to the fact that some people just did not get the gist of the book and are used to reading books which serve information on a silver platter...as though a novel should be as simple to comprehend as a TV Monday night movie!  This novel has neither too few, nor too many words, it has a fine balance, and shows just enough for us to know the essential.  A WONDERFUL BOOK!
0440217563|5.0|I LOVE DIANE'S BOOKS.  I GET SO INVOLVED THAT I DON'T WANT TO PUT IT DOWN.  THESE CHARACTERS SEEM SO REAL TO ME  I THINK IT IS A DISSERVICE TO LIST THIS AS A ROMANCE, I FIND MOST HISTORICAL ROMANCES TO BE CONTRIVED AND PREDICTABLE WHICH THIS CERTAINLY IS NOT. ALSO THE PLOT DEVELOPMENT IS AMAZING
1558216847|1.0|If Rawicz's account of his escaping from the Soviet prison were true, it would be one of the most extraordinary testament to the human endurance.  The author claimed that during the crossing of the Gobi desert in the middle of the summer, the escaping party didn't have a single sip of water for as long as fourteen days, ( whereas a normal human being needs as much as a gallon of water per day just to survival).  Rawicz's account of crossing the Himalayan mountain range during the winter without food supply makes his story even less believable.  He even claimed the party throwing rocks to a couple of Yeti to make them move out of the way!  Little wonder in the fifty years since the book was first published, nobody else has confirmed Rawicz's story.   One should read  Heinrich Harrer's &quot;Seven years in Tibet&quot; for a little appreciation of just how much effort is needed to walk across the Himalayan range.
0394573439|5.0|It seems to me that this book draws rather fascinating lines between the extremes of how one should live their life. Sort of stoicism vs emotionalism. Stephens, the butler, reminds me of a samurai-- pledged to put his sense of honor and duty above his own desires. He is a good man, but emotionally isolated. He is a tragic figure because his life is one of work and routine rather than balance, and he cannot live for himself-- at least not directly. Someone once said that &quot;the unexamined life is not worth living&quot;, and someone else once said that &quot;the unlived life is not worth examining.&quot; I think both apply to Stephens. He lives in just as contained a fashion as he examines his life. But Stephens' life, though &quot;unlived&quot; by some standards,  is worthy of our examination, as is the rest of this wonderful, wonderful book. This is one of the few books that I read and re-read. And then read again.
0694515302|5.0|I could not put this book down!  I have a small service business and this book has made me see the light.  I am in the process of putting all the Ideas from Michael Gerber to work.  I thought I had the grasp on building a business, but this book has showed me the right way to go.  The information is worth thousands of dollars.
0899664474|5.0|One day I was browsing through the bookstore because I had to read this book for my junior English class, and I was pleased by how short this book was. I never used to read too much, and It was this book that ignited my passion for reading. For a couple days after reading the book, I became detached from the world, from time, and from space, lost in a world of serene contemplation. The fact that a German author had such a deep understanding of Eastern philosophy amazed me. This is a must-read book!
0553103547|5.0|This is the best fantasy book I've read. I was mesmerized, start to finish. Be prepared to be unproductive for a while - it is fairly long, smaller print, takes a while to read - and nothing else gets done until you've finished it! I'm dying because the sequel isn't out until JUNE!!
0684803356|5.0|Hemmingway touched my heart as a reader in a way no author ever has. I cannot put down in words to describe the kind of masterpiece this novel is.
1573226521|4.0|A definite must read for anyone who has used travelling as a means of escape.  Alex Garland is a voice of Generation-X.
0316381357|5.0|I first read this book two years ago, and to this day its message makes me stop and question my life and its course in this world. This is the type of story you want your children to read, and one, once read, which must be treasured again and again.  Hulme's characters are full and rich, human in their fallibility while admirable for their ardent striving to the perfection of God's children. Sister Luke, the main character, is a person so vivid, so real, I found myself sharing her trials as she strove for that perfection, crying in frustration when thoughtlessness or simple humanity held her back. I laughed and smiled when something went right, and strove with her to understand better myself, my fellow people, and the strange world in which we live.  Simply put, this is the story of a nurse who chooses a live as a nun, the struggle she makes to balance both roles while remaining true to herself, and the painful decision that finally leads her to change everything to remain honest with herself and God. It is a starkly written story that in itself is simply presented, yet makes the reader delve deeper into herself to get the full experience of this wonderful story.  Even if you don't normally read religious books or don't know anything about nursing, READ THIS BOOK! There is nothing more technical to understand than the human heart, and that is truly the center of this book.
0893815500|5.0|Salgado's eyes capture a world forgotten to most of us: a world where humanity is subjected to hard, unending labor. Here machines tower over their workers as hapless captives, as if man and machine have traded roles in some dark nightmare. And even amidst this bleak picture, Salgado has found a spark of humanity, still afire, testifying that their struggles are, in a way, still our own. An engrossing book.
031218087X|5.0|Started this book on Sunday afternoon and finished that day.  Could not put it down.  It reminded a bit of Eric Van Lustbader's works, which we haven't seen in a while, but only a bit. I've been eager to find a thriller that does not involve the main characters being chased.  We do have a chase here, but it's really a chase within a chase.  I can find no criticism of this book, except for one minor detail, which probably no one else would consider criticism.  It's just that this reader  is extremely tired of the &quot;breathtakingly beautiful girl&quot;.  This book would have been just as good  without that detail.  Couldn't the Commander have been in love just with her mind? Anyway, I hated to come to the end of this novel and look forward to more by this author.
0393316041|5.0|Physicist, bongo player, safe cracker, artist... This collection of stories is a delight. Richard Feynman's enthusiasm for everything he did ( with maybe the exception of learning Japanese ) shines through. These stories are wry and funny and come some way to explaining the great character that was Richard Feynman. Nothing for him was ever boring and no problem was ever trivial or  uninteresting. In these stories, his love of life along with his awe and reverence of Nature shines through and by that light we, perhaps, glimpse genius.
0606045740|5.0|This is the book that got me reading again.  I just could not put it down until i had finished it.  A friend actually lent it to me so when i returned it to him, i had to go out and buy my own personal copy.  This is dean's finest work and i have converted many a reader to him through lending it to them.
0385482582|5.0|Mr. Grove had a hard life, he knows how to struggle and come out of crises. He shows us how to. He is a survivor and for that you need a methodology, he has one.  When is the rigth time to launch the new project or solution? He relies, after research, on intuition. Is there anything else? Either that or one can become sick with the pressure.
0446364495|1.0|I am so glad to read that there are others who truly hated this book. I like so many others read the book to see what all the hoopla was about.Four days and a lifetime of love ...Gag me...It just goes to show that our society wants everything quick and easy and that working for something no longer matters...Quick frienships..quick loves..I by no means am a writer but I am sure I have more interesting and believable stories in my own life...
0684874350|5.0|Love and tenaciousness override the poverty that colors this book's details, making this a true memoir and proving that a strong-spirited human being can maneuver his/her way through the messes and mazes.  Did Angela give up? Frank didn't. We may not like or agree with the details of some of his actions, but he set his goal, worked toward it for years, and finally got to America. Rising from the ashes of Angela's struggles, and helped by the love his parents truly had for their children (despite their emotional weaknesses and addictions), Frank learned to persevere, no matter how cruel his bullies or how hard his lessons. <br /> I believe that the author fairly balanced the good with the bad. Some examples: the stench of the common latrine vs. the sweetness of eating apples in the country; the kind, understanding R.C. confessors who truly reflected God's love vs. the worldly R.C. orders who, with prejudice, refused to mix with the poor, etc. The contrasts made the book easily readable and universally appealing. It was painful and funny, full of the worst and best of people, the way anyone's life can be. <br /> Little Frankie was a hopeful optimist, with self-esteem that seems unreal. He is a real study in how heredity and environment affect human development, and yet he provides no conclusive answers as to how others in his situation can be &quot;saved&quot;. He just is! <br /> I learned some things, I was inspired, I was saddened, and I was angry, as I read about 30 pages each night before going to sleep. <br /> I am still &quot;talking&quot; to the characters, yelling at them, comforting them, and cheering them on!
0375701427|3.0|I rate this book a five only because it was written by Philip Roth one of America's best living writers. But sadly this book does not make it. Had this been written by a first time novelist it would have been dropped on the lowliest reader's desk and if it came without return postage put out with the rest of the &quot;round file&quot; stuff. His language tends to be Rothian which is the only good thing in this book. But his endless background information about characters breaks all the rules: telling about them instead of showing us. Oh, Philip, tsk tsk. In addition to the lack of dramatic force, all of the characters sound exactly the same in their complaining and self-rightousness--like some grumbling 70 year old retired dry cleaner or for that matter glove maker. I'm sorry that I am so down on this book because I wanted to like it. But what really killed it for me is the malevolence shown to  Vietnam war protesters as if they were all bombers, or if they weren't bombers then they had to be goody two shoe limousine liberals. Sorry. Just one other thing. I'm sure my book group won't entirely agree with me.
031218087X|5.0|After reading the Truth Machine, this one really picked-up the tempo. The pace is *intense*, but character development and expository on the digital encryption do not seem to have taken a back seat -- a real feat of writing there. It reads really fast, too, I wish there was just a bit more book! I wish there actually was more editorializing on the moral issue of whether or not we need to have something like the NSA around. Hmmmm, maybe not! The only books I recall with this kind of *urgency* are Jurassic Park and Hunt for Red October -- good company. If someone doesn't make this into a movie, it'd be a shame.
0679410503|5.0|She is so believable, you have the deepest desire to become a vampire and you are willing to do anything to do so.  Even  if you don't you'll  at least have empathy or sympathy...reguardless, you'll get off on it.               A MUST READ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0425152251|5.0|I have seldom read a &quot;novel&quot; with so much attraction. I would go to bed at night angry I couldn't read more...an exhausting yet invigorating book. I plan to use it with my philosophy classes next year. I guess that the nain reason is that we are all afraid of being Sophie, trapped in someone else's creation, yet still able to find (hopefully) some sense of independence and freedom. Again, one of the finest books written, I have read since two others by Gaarder: Solitaire Mystery, and the Christmas Mystery.
0394720288|5.0|The misadventures of Bertie Wooster and his loyal gentleman's gentleman Jeeves have never been wittier.  Wodehouse outdid himself with this classic; every line is a howler and every character, from Aunt Dahlia, to Roderick Spode, to &quot;Stinker&quot; Pinker and that &quot;Spink-Bottle&quot; to Bertram himself...just perfect gems of literary shenanigans.  Read this book for no other reason than to bask in the obvious joy Wodehouse took in his language and in the work and play of writing!
0517122707|5.0|I read this many years ago (late 70's? early 80's?) when it first hit paperback. I have been recommending it to people ever since. A friend of mine once read it on a long airplane flight. He said people were looking at him like he was deranged, he was laughing out loud so often. Ignatius' letter to the firm he lambasts so ridiculously still gets me weeping with laughter. I once actually had a friend of a friend tell me that she couldn't detect the humor. From that point on, I felt like there was something definitely wrong with her. Buy this now.
0453009115|5.0|Absolutely the most eye opening book I have ever read!  It deals with the debate of Egoism vs. Altruism and Individualism vs. Collectivism.  This is a book that opens your mind to the realization that happiness is within your power alone!
0399142851|2.0|I just hate it when authors feel they need to produce books..and I do mean produce...not write..Just like Grisham, King, and many others..I would rather wait a year and read a good story rather than have them come off the brain dead assembly line. I do or should I say did like the character of Kay Scarpetta. The whole bit with the e-mail is a bit silly..for such an intelligent character this is one mistake I can't seem to forgive.
0465068359|3.0|While the Kirkus reviewer may overstate &quot;his&quot; case, essentially the review is on target. Chang's book deserves credit for being an earnest effort to direct world attention to an overlooked part of collective history.  However it disappoints in its lack of depth and fustrates readers with its stylistic structure. Perhaps in concession to current opinion that footnotes intimidate non-academic readers, Chang does not use them. To check sources for basic assertions within the text one must search the endnotes by page number to match the statement made with a source citation. Often there are none. This ultimately undermines the credibility of the entire enterprise.  Chang also repeatedly inserts herself into the context of the massacre by noting how her interest in the incident triggered important historical action (the saving of documents etc). Lacking adequate inclusion of primary material, Chang's style blunts the impact and intrinsic drama of the event by repeatedly &quot;summing up&quot; events without providing detail. The result is a story of an American journalist's response to the discovery of a piece of underexplored history not an exposure of the historical event itself. Typos abound in this expensive hardback so while I recomend reading it (a short, interesting read), I would suggest using the library.
0876855575|5.0|Ham on Rye is the finest novel by one of America's greatest writers. It is hillarious, sad, devastating and right on the money about growing up an outsider. This is a must read for anyone interested in 20th century American literature.
0140187650|4.0|Arendt provides an in-depth examination of the trial of Adolf Eichmann, and leads one to believe that although he is responsible for the death of millions of jews during World War II, he is not the criminal mastermind nor the sociopath he was suspected to be.  Arendt's account paint's Eichmann as a bumbling fool who is willing to sacrifice lives in order to please his superiors and experience the pleasure one derives from being obedient.  By the end of the book I could see him as nothing but a sickening buffoon, one who is aware of morality but defies it so that he may ascend through the ranks of the Third Reich.  However, Arendt also poses interesting questions in regards to the legality of this highly peculiar trial.  By the end, I came to the conclusion that although Eichmann was guilty of heinous acts of carnage, he was not fairly tried.  I would feel more comfortable with his execution if I believed he had received a trial more conducive to the defence's needs and less irregular.
0679441018|1.0|This is the most disappointing book I have read in a long time.  Usually anybook with even a semblance of plot andinteresting characters will hold my attention until I finish it at a single sitting.  When I come across a book that captivates me but is too long to finish in a day, I usually brim with impatience until I have the free time to again immerse myself in a strange and wonderful world with characters who seem vividly real.  This book invoked none of these feelings.  I am not a huge Ann Rice fan, but I have enjoyed her vampire chronicles series.  This book hardly qualifies as even being a part of that series - it really has little to do with vampires, and adds nothing new to the portrayal of these fascinating creatures.  Lestat seems like he was written by another author - badly.  The book reads like a rough draft of a novel pulled from someone's private journal.  I am not, as some may be, offended by its religious musings and interpretations.  I am, however, offended by its overblown prose, pseudo-intellectual posturing, and general lack of entertainment and believability.  This book was truly a chore to read.  Why I bothered to finish it, I don't know.  Perhaps I was desperately searching for any redeeming quality.  Perhaps I was fascinated by the sheer horribleness of it all, much as people are fascinated by train wrecks.  At any rate, when I finally finished it, I felt nothing but relief that the task was over, like I had just finished a particularly odious college exam.  I almost felt angry at the author for passing this off as literature.  I don't think I will be reading Anne Rice again, if this is the direction her work is now taking.
0517591812|5.0|I'm a first time reader of this author and am  impressed. This is better than any encyclopedia and more vivid with detailing than many novels. Reading about all of the many characters and how they intermingle through the history of one city is a gorgeously subtle way to learn a tremendous amount of facts and trivia. The only problem is that I feel like my mind is stuffed and information is dribbling out of my ears. Still, it's very hard to put this book down.
0399128964|5.0|For sheer scope, coupled with the depth of characterization this book cannot have an equal. My original copy that I purcahsed as a teenager has long fallen apart because of excessive rereading. This is a book that I can go back to again and again and find something new. I read it for just the thrill I get from certain passages; like when the Emperor says to Count Fenring &quot;Kill this upstart Duke&quot; and the Count &quot;Knew that he could kill him. He knew it for a fact&quot;. Yet, he declines! The later books in the Dune saga to me are all lesser works. 'Dune' will forever be, my favorite.
0440133688|5.0|There is a dark time from July 1 to June 30th that is called intership.  Every doctor that has endured this year values it.... but NEVER, I mean NEVER wants to do it again!  The House of God brings many of the feelings to life that plague interns... the good and bad times... The Rules of the House of God.  I read the book before and after internship... but the pain was too great living it during internship to read about it...still The Rules apply and I got my UCLA surgery team to operate on the old gomer they were fearful of killing... Gomers don't die! This one went to ground, but never died.  The only good admission is a dead admission....with eight ER hits and triage...need I say more... For the unenlightened this is a good book.
0393307050|5.0|Patrick O'Brian is the Faulkner of historic fiction.  The writing is dense and almost defeated me early on.  Perserve, don't put the book down.  It will grow on you and you with it.  By the time you read two books of the O'Brian series you will be fast friends with Aubrey and Maturin and enemies with Napoleon Bonaparte.
006016848X|5.0|Perhaps, it should be required reading nationwide before anyone is allowed to graduate from high school.  My bet is you would see a drop in divorce rates if it were.
0671721720|5.0|This is one of the finest books I've read in my life! Well written, and even better, it gives such great detail that you can actually see it happening as you read it. It makes you form a bond with the character, and that's the best thing about any book! Awesome work, Mr. Weber!
0440224764|5.0|It was an extremely interesting book.  Well worth reading and I think the ending was very appropriate.  Probably my second favorite by John Grisham with The Rainmaker just barely coming first.
031218087X|5.0|This book is A MUST!! I'll rate this book 15 after reading it for the third time, which will be soon!! The well-rendered realistic characters,  the wonderful plot full of conspiracies and twists, the two-sides of every single character and a rush of adreline pumping through your bloodstream as you move closer to the end... BUY THIS BOOK AND FEEL THE PRESSURE PUMPING YOUR BLOOD TILL 3 IN THE MORNING!  I am one very busy teenager who have an average of 6 hours of sleep each day, but Dan Brown is really keeping me up all night!! The codes are well hidden in this book, and after you read it for the second time, not only does it make you go &quot;wow!&quot; but you'll just love it more and more!! A word of advice: Before you buy this book , you'll want to buy some decaf coffee or just 'switch' to decaf. It does helps a little to prevent you from pulling an all-nighter. I can't wait till his next novel.
0671867369|5.0|Very well written. Ambrose tells an absorbing tale of what the war was like to men who fought it. I could not put it down.<br />This book is a good compliment to Ambrose's &quot;Citizen Soldiers.&quot; In that book, Ambrose takes a look at the condition of the G.I. in Europe as a whole. While offering interesting personal accounts, it is intended as a survey of all soldiers and as such is somewhat impersonal (although very good).<br />Band of Brothers, on the other hand, is intimate and personal. By following one command (E Co., 506 / 101st Airborne) across France and into Germany, we get to see a discrete group of soldiers adjust to changing conditions brought on by different seasons, terrain, offensive and defensive actions, their own increasing battle savvy and fatigue. I like this approach. By personalizing the experience of a few front-line soldiers, the impact on the reader is enhanced because one comes to know the characters. They are not just &quot;some soldiers who experienced frost bite,&quot; they are individuals we've come to know who looked with the pride of conquerors as they stood in Hitler's Eagle's Nest, a fitting end to their fatigue, loss and heroics in liberating a continent.<br />This outfit in particular offers lots of adventure, which is I am sure why Ambrose chose them. Part of the 101st Airborne, E Co., was at Utah Beach, the Battle of Arnhem, the Battle of the Bulge, helped liberate a concentration camp in addition to securing Hitler's Bavarian retreat.  As we get to know these Americans through their battles and experiences, we more fully appreciate how our &quot;regular guys&quot; helped conquer self-designed supermen bent on world domination.<br />This book moves very quickly, is highly entertaining and moving. Watch out, you may want to read this ground level WW II account in one sitting.
0688052304|2.0|Every 'professional' review of this book that I have read has been incredibly favorable. Just see the synopses given here. But for myself, I found this book very hard to read, very pretentious (&quot;I opened up the throttle and Pheadrus said 'What is truth?'&quot;) and really, really boring. I find that books in which the author revels in his intellectual superiority to me leave me cold. Of course, there are lots of people who profess to liking this book because it it seems to coat them with a veneer of intellectuality. My mother calls that 'putting on airs'. And of course as we all know, a veneer is only on the surface.
0679457313|4.0|yes its tough to get thru some of the smart-alecy set pieces. read it in small doses or youre sure to miss the gems that lie between the words. cant believe its her first work.
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowery is the true &quot;Giver&quot; in this book.  She offers the reader a lot to think about, and digest.  The time is the future.  What seems like utopia, slowly turns into a furturistic nightmare.  It makes the reader think long and hard about the world we live in now, and how some of the choices we've made could lead to disaster down the line.  This book should be read by everyone from ages 12 years through adult.  This should be an Oprah Book Club choice.
6300215717|5.0|Fans of romances- buy it!  Features two of Hollywood's most eautful people, wonderful scenery, an incredibly fun story and an emotional  ending that will leave you hanging to the last second... and even after &quot;The End&quot;.  I would have given it a ten if the ending had left me in any state other than crying in sadness; I am still waiting for Audrey to call Cary Grant back!  One of my best friends said the ending was terrible.   I say it's just terribly sad, though one might say probable, but given the relative improbability of the plot, who cares?  This movie begs for a remake (ala Audrey's Sabrina redone by Julia Ortmond) and a sequel!!!  Is Sandy Bullock listening?  Hey Sandy, you're the only young actress with the face and neck to play a modern Princess Ann &amp; it would be fun to see you in a short haircut, too!   END
0385311400|4.0|A friend turned me on to &quot;Outlander&quot; three years ago, and by the time I finished reading &quot;Voyager&quot;, I still had a 2 1/2 year wait for &quot;Drums of Autumn&quot;. In some ways, it was worth the wait--I like the fact that a couple in my age group (i.e. &quot;aging baby-boomers&quot;!!) could be so passionately in love with each other, yet have arguments which are semi-realistic. (Let's remember that we're dealing with time travel here!) And, having Brianna and Jamie meet each other was something I was hoping for after reading &quot;Voyager&quot;. Yet, the story line in &quot;Drums of Autumn&quot; was not one which I thought worked as well as it could have. It seems as though this book is one very long lead-up towards Jamie and Claire returning to Scotland--hope that happens in the next book! I notice that another reviewer thinks that Liam Neeson and his wife would be good as Jamie and Claire should these stories ever be brought to the screen (large or small). All I can say to that is--Liam Neeson for an older Jamie: yes, yes, yes--Natasha Richardson as Claire: are you serious? Totally wrong physical type and you might want to check out the movie Nell. They may be married in real life but no chemistry on screen!
0312854021|5.0|this book should be required reading in high school.  has the tendency to turn one's thoughts to the future, and towards more books.  this book hooked me into reading at age seven, and i've never stopped since.  give mr. card the credit due and stop fishing for attention.
0812523369|5.0|This book was such a delight from start to end!  The romantic &quot;tension&quot; between Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy was wonderful!  Way to go Jane Austen - you've appealed to me across time with this book.
0140434267|5.0|I adore this book...I read it over and over...if I could have 3 wishes, one would be to thank Jane Austin for her amazing novels..I have read and loved every single one.  2 would be to have a friend like Lizzy Bennett..she is the most admirable heroine I have ever read about..she is strong, smart, funny, and so amazingly loving...My third and most important wish would be to find a man like Mr. Darcy..he is my ideal romantic hero..he sure did make my knees go weak..time and time again.  Everyone should rush out and get this book..if you haven't read it yet..you should be shot...Buy it now!!!!!
0385486804|5.0|Being born and raised in Alaska, I was very skeptical about Into the Wild.  I was surprised to find that the book was very well written and articulate.  I have worked in Denali National Park for several years and I have been to the infamous bus where Chris died.  I believe that he did what he felt he needed to do.  I don't believe that he ment to die, and that he was a lot smarter than we are giving him credit for.  I know how difficult it is to survive in Alaska without the proper equiptment.  However, Chris was not a stupid person and he was simply living his life how he wanted to.  Jon did justice to his story and in my opinion, it is a book everyone should own.  If we are going to criticize people like Chris, we need to first try to do what he did and see if we have the guts.
0061053430|5.0|For me, technical manuals like this one serve as a great inspirational tool for writing science fiction.  My only complaints are the publisher's choice of font for the book (very thin 'courier' may look military, but makes for tough reading) and many of the illustrations are amateurish.  Otherwise, the book could have been a perfect '10'.  This book is definitely not for people expecting beautiful color photographs of the movie and showy page layouts.  This is a nuts-and-bolts tech manual for hard-core alien fans.
0553573403|5.0|&quot;Thrones&quot;  might even be on my &quot;Top 3 Best Books&quot; of all times list -- any genre -- any year.  Just reviewing everyone's comments here only confirms what I've been thinking this week while falling in love with Ned, Jon, Robb, and yes, even Tyrion. How thrilling to see humans rise with honor above the  realities of their lives. And they couldn't rise quite so high without the evil machinations of others -- and this story has real evil and avarice abounding; the lust for power that has perverted man since the dawn of time. But wait--what's this? good and evil? a good bad person? and bad good person?  You bet. It's rich, complex, unpredictable.  I am so eager to find our what's happened to my news friends.  Thanks, George, for this gift to the world.
0385482582|5.0|I am a doctoral student in Turkey, I read the translation of the book. I think Andrew S.Grove analyses the strategic points that a firm can meet perfectly. This book is extremely important for both practitioners and academicians who deals with concepts such as competition, strategy and change.
0812550706|5.0|In Ender's Game, 6 year old Ender Wiggin is taken to an outer space battle school to prepare to fight an alien race, the Buggers.  Away from his  family and beloved sister, he creates a world of his own.  This is an amazing book, that has well thought out characters and plots.  I highly recommend this book!
0684874350|2.0|This could have been a fascinating story if the prose had been cleaned up a bit.  Also when refencing family members in general and his mother in particular, Mr.McCourt was quite indelicate and defamatory in his discription of certain actions which should not have been included in the narrative. His own sins of the flesh were of no interest to me and he should feel shame and dishonor for disclosing them to the world.    I am aware of the poverty during the depression and I had known many Irish American families during that trying time having become buddies with their sons and I can definitely say,no matter their poverty, personal hygien, in so far as the times and circumstances would allow, was never wanting. Mr. McCourt should have been more circumspect.  He will make millions from this book but he should also feel quite uneasy!!
0345389409|5.0|In the ultimate fight between good and evil, Lestat, as usual, triumphs!  Lestat is shown as a spiritual being, and one's concept of Heaven and Hell may be forever changed.  Truly horrifying, and a great read!!!
6304032579|4.0|This was a good  James Bond movie. The story was very interesting, and it held your interest. I don't think there was enough action in this movie, though. But, it's still a good movie and it is worth buying.     END
006016848X|1.0|My son-in-law thought this book was the &quot;cat's meow&quot;--the answer to all his marital problems so he strongly recommended that I read this book. I tried, but I couldn't get more than a 1/3 of the way through. Usually I can read anything but this was an unhappy exception.   I looked at the cover and saw Ph.D. after the author's name and thought, you got to be kidding. This book wouldn't pass Freshman English with a C-grade, much less Introductory Psychology! Then I found out that the author is not licensed to practice what he preaches and he got his Ph. D. degree through a mail-order diploma mill. I'm surprised he got this thing published with such shaky credentials.  It's really scary to see that he's been on the Best Seller list and is writing more of this trash.   By the way, the book did not save my son-in-law's marriage. My step-daughter wisely gave him, and this book, the heave-ho. I recommend that you do the same.
1567312373|2.0|There is almost no point to this book; the philosophical ideas the authors try to illustrate are lost in the shuffle and have to be explained in the 22 appendices. Some credit must be given for them managing to work in references to Lovecraft, Fort, Rand, Hamilton, Stirner and Coolidge, and the parody of Atlas Shrugged is cute. If the authors don't like the fact that every page of Rand's fiction is filled with her worldview, surely their unintelligible is much worse.
0553573403|5.0|I must admit I read fantasy novels to escape.  If I wished to read literature I would pick up Dickens or Hardy.  However, I may now add George Martin(more particularly A Game of Thrones) to that list.  This book was truly surprising in its scope and depth of plot since most fantasy authors(such as Jordan, Eddings) use their wonderful characters to achieve such success.  Not Martin.  Although he does have extraodrinary and powerful characters, they are not the focal point of the novel.  The intrigue and overall plot carry this book into the realm of true literature.
0553062182|5.0|My migraines have decreased, thank goodness.  A new awareness is growing within.  I would love to start a cyber group support system.
0684833395|4.0|Actually, i read a translation edition of this book. Cultur differences do make some trouble in my reading. But i still like this dark satire.
068484267X|5.0|How can you not feel truly sorry for Frank McCourt after reading about his tribulations?  I feel guilty picking apart his work, but... The misery was relentless for me as a reader. I can only take so much before I start to get really depressed.  (I'm not saying what he went through wasn't true, or denying his pain.  He was true to his emotions as a child, and he was very good at depicting this.) But as authors know, one should keep in mind the audience.  If he had kept it shorter, I would have given him a 10.    Other reviewers have mentioned that other characters such as his mother, father, and brothers' futures were not depicted.  I have to agree.  I wanted to know what happened to all of them.
0385486804|5.0|The number of reviews on this web page shows that people don't read this book with indifference.  Love it or hate it, it's worth a look.  (Keep a dictionary handy while you read.  Krakauer uses some unusual words.)
0440227275|5.0|It is good because it makes you think, it's not just there for pure intertainment. I also like the depth of the book and the details. It also lets you think on your own, letting you have your own opinions while she has hers. I highly recommend it to people who like to think.
0446604844|2.0|A Fed Chairman who can manipulate fed funds rates and discount rates five times durng his tenure and raise no hue and cry in Congress, the media, and the White House?  Wild swings of interest rates with no explanation, no justification?  This is truly fiction at its most fictitious.  And how, pray tell (since Baldacci doesn't) does the chairman get away with such shennanigans without the other Federal Reserve Board governors raising any objection?  Baldacci's plot hinges on these manipulations that occurred in the five years preceding the time period of the story, and yet, is it plausible that no one in the USA (or overseas) realized up to that point that something was seriously awry in the Federal Reserve?    In his afterword, Baldacci remarks on the &quot;total control&quot; the fed seemingly has over our daily lives.  If he refers to the awesome powers of the Fed, he is right, but that point undercuts the premise of the novel, i.e. that the Fed's moves were noticed only by one bright techno whiz kid.  We all know that when Allan Greenspan, the current Fed Chairman, makes any public reference to the economy, his words are dissected for meanings and submeanings.  He sneezes, and Wall Street catches a cold.  He must testify before Congressional committees.  Fed chairmen do have enormous power, but they their actions are subject to intense public scrutiny.  An Arthur Lieberman (Baldacci's Fed Chairman) could never have gotten away with what he did.  As for the heroine, enough said by other reviewers -- a bawling babe wonderwoman, though makes for an interesting character.  The book had at least one virtue: it was a fast read.
0440211727|5.0|This book is simply amazing!!I've read it three times and will never get sick of it.I've read The Client and am reading The Partner and intend to read The Street Lawyer as soon as it comes out in paperback.Jake Brigance is the best character for a book I've ever seen.He is so real and seems as though he could be living right next door to you.Mr.Grisham is my favorite writer and I'll be willing to read anything he puts in print!            -E.B.            Age 13
0385424736|3.0|I am not a great reader, so getting through a book this long is a challenge for me.  I loved the plot: it was well crafted with limitless potential to weave the pieces together into an intriguing conclusion.  But alas!  I was disappointed.  Seemed like Grisham ran out of time at the end.
0060801263|5.0|It was 1962.  I was 15.  My life paralleled Francie's in so many ways I couldn't stand it.  I desperately wanted a copy of the book but my family, like Francie's was very poor and we couldn't afford it.  I was a student librarian at my high school and one of my jobs was to repair the books that had broken spines, and torn pages.  As luck (fate?) would have it, one of the books in my pile of repairs was the &quot;Tree.&quot;  It was so torn and tattered, the spine broken beyond repair (at least that was my juicy rationalization in my desperate, grasping teenage mind).  The pages were like onion skin and spilled on to the floor when I picked the book up.  I remember the decision vividly.  Without hesitation I slipped the book into my large purse.  I read, reread,  the book and read it some more.  My ritual was to read it at least once a year.  It touched me in so many ways.  Now it's 1998.  I still have the book.  I've moved cross country and back numerous times.  I have lost more books and possessions in moving than I care to remember.  But you know how when you move you always take your most precious things with you so nothing happens to them?  This is what I have always done with &quot;Tree.&quot;  It is my most treasured possesion.  Yes, I made good on my theft.  Some years ago I wrote a letter to the school and explained what I had done and enclosed a check so they could buy many, many more books.  It's wonderful to read the reviews and know that this work of art has touched others lives as deeply as it has mine.
0440219078|2.0|I read this book in one day, but it wasn't really that great, in my opinion.  It seemed just like all the other utopian/distopian books I've read.  However, if you like this kind of literature, then go for it.
0553472836|4.0|I thought this book was rather intruiging until the end.  I don't know what happened there.
0812550706|1.0|In the beginning of this book Ender acted like a weenie, letting all those other kids bully him, even if he was only six years old. Ender Wiggin is a weenie. What more can I say?
0679442790|4.0|I have probably been exposed to about the same level of information about the holocaust as other readers of this book, including Elie Wiesel's books, Hollywood's take, Diary of Anne Frank, and a trip to see Dachau.  I have heard about the &quot;numbness&quot; that allows a society to look the other way during the committing of atrocities and also about the &quot;numbness&quot; that overcomes the participants and allows them to go about their &quot;work&quot;.  This book does an excellent job in describing and emoting that numbness of the Germans.  I was disappointed in the character development of the book.  I did not get a sense of any real personal growth from either of the characters; other than the oft used learning to read in jail motif.  I was extremely disappointed in the narrator's lack of development; maybe that is part of the numbness...  I enjoyed the read and am thankful for the reiteration of the holocaust experience.  This horror should never be forgotten.
0060916540|5.0|I rarely recommend books because no one ever agrees about what is a satisfying read.  This book, however, is one of the few exceptions.  Every person to whom I have recommended this book has reported enjoying it very much.  I have read all of Mr. Simpson's books and find moving the accounts of his mountaineering expeditions and his philosophy of living.  &quot;Touching the Void&quot; is the most simply-rendered story among his work.  There is no hyperbole, no trite suspension building rhetoric.  Rather, it is a plainly-told story of what happened to him and Simon Yates.  It is a story that gives me perspective after I have had a bad day.  Perspective -- Mr. Simpson's day on Siula Grande was a bad day; what I have are, comparatively speaking, mere annoyances.  I leave this book, as with all of Mr. Simpson's books, wondering if there is a perspective on life most us will never understand.
067158037X|5.0|Coming from an Irish Catholic family I see the parallels in life. Franks' life reminds me of what my mother describes in Liverpool, England in the 1930's. Many of the relatives came over during the Potato Famine and lived those bleak lives. &quot;Me Mam&quot; as was said, told the tales. These tales have the flavor of Mr. McCourts. The juxtiposition of humor and pathos are what makes it &quot;Irish&quot;. The Irish have a way of turning the bleak to funny and the funny to bleak in the twek of a word. Ironic, had to have started in Ireland.
0517122707|5.0|The book is best described by its title and a  working knowledge of Boethius, the philosopher.<br /><br />  The word &quot;dunce&quot; is derived from John Duns Scotus, the celebrated scholastic theologian, called `Doctor Subtilis' the Subtle Doctor, who died in 1308. His works on theology, philosophy, and logic, were textbooks in the Universities, in which (as at Oxford) his followers, called Scotists, were a predominating Scholastic sect, until the 16th c., when the system was attacked with ridicule, first by the humanists, and then by the reformers, as a farrago of needless entities, and useless distinctions. The Dunsmen or Dunses, on their side, railed against the `new learning', and the name Duns or Dunce, already synonymous with `cavilling sophist' or `hair-splitter', soon passed into the sense of `dull obstinate person impervious to the new learning', and of `blockhead incapable of learning or scholarship'.<br /><br /> Boethius, is a 500 century Italian scholar, wrote texts on geometry and arithmetic which were of poor quality but used for many centuries during a time when mathematical achievement in Europe was at a remarkable low.<br /><br /> Reilly, the obese, farting, belching central character believes that Boethius together with the cartoon character batman, uphold all that is worthwhile in philosophy! His worldview is ludicruously insane, his actions that of a madman. During his graduate years, he advised one of his professors, to hang himself by his underdeveloped testicles. His girlfriend, thinks that the problems of the world can be solved only through liberated sex. The thoughts and actions of all the characters in the story seem like some sort of a tribal incantation. Yet, the foreknowledge of events, the delight in repetition gives strength to storytelling. The overall conglomeration is precisely - a confederacy of dunces.  In parts the book is funny, but together the book shows us how easy it is to get trapped in our respective small worlds.rlds.  <BR><br />
0393314804|5.0|While seeing previews of &quot;Trainspotting&quot; the movie  I wondered what it was all about.  I went out and purchased the book.  Since I had seen the previews I had faces to put with the names in the book.  As I started reading I realized that I couldn't put it down.  I went through many emotions while reading this novel: sadness, joy, fear, and understanding.  I recommend reading the book before seeing the film, but if you've already viewed it I highly recommend reading the book for a better understanding of the film.  Altogether I've read the book, saw the movie, and I own the soundtrack.  In a word WONDERFUL!
044022165X|5.0|The Rainmaker is a great book which was made amazingly well into a movie.  For those of you considering watching the movie, please read the book first.  It can be kind of confusing if you don't have a general sense of who the characters are, and if you're bad with names, well, watching the film can be a struggle.  The Rainmaker is a great book with a realistic plot.  Folks, this is how many Americans live, and being a college student, I KNOW what it's like to be uninsured.  I think that's probably why it was such a smooth read for me.  My props to John Grisham.
0880381736|4.0|Yes the characterization was slightly weak, and the introduction a little slow, but overall this is a great book eventhough its not the best one in the trilogy, Dragons of Winter Night is my favorite. Even though I have read and enjoyed classical literature by Huxley, Orwell, Fitzgerald and Shakespeare I still love this trilogy. I think it has nothing to do with the refinement of one's palette but rather taking things for what they are, not what they could represent. I think this trilogy tought me a lot about self sacrifice and so forth. I highly recommend this book and the trilogy. Put away your reservations about historical accuracy and other irrelevent things and pickup this great book.
0060926317|5.0|I was very surprised when reading all the reviews on this book.  This book had a wonderful affect on myself and my husband when we read it.  Whether it is fact or fiction, is not important to us, how the story impacted our life, is.  To me, this book really makes one look at their life and correct the course we are taking.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone!
0061002747|5.0|A crime has just been committed, and it is up to Agatha Christie's renowned detective, Mr. Poirot, to solve this one. This time the victim is a passenger on the Orient Express, a famouse early twentieth century passenger train. By coincidence, Mr. Poirot ia also traveling on the Orient Express, and quickly takes on the task of finding the killer. His task, however, is not an easy one, because, as he digs deeper into the case, he finds some suspicous information concerning the victim and his fellow passengers.  The Murder on the Orient Express is one of Agatha Christie's truely excellent novels. Agatha Christie uses her innate talent for writing to develop some wonderful characters. My favorite, Mr. Poirot, has such class and intelligenge. He uses his charm to his advantage in solving the case.  The reason I enjoyed this book so much is, it was written so that I could speculate on who committed the crime, however when the criminal was revealed to me I was in shock. The case seemed so complicated, yet it was really quite simple. I am very much looking forward to reading more of Agatha Christie's work.
0812550706|5.0|I am a senior in high school and recently read the book by recommendation of my girlfriend.  I really enjoyed the book and wished I had read it earlier.  It's written at a level that almost anyone (young or old) can enjoy it.
0316545856|5.0|Mr. Mandela stands alone.  There is no other like this.
0684874350|5.0|I think that this book, Angela's Ashes: A Memoir, really captures the poverty and depression of the era and place.  The way that Frank McCourt begins the book is so direct and imformative, but  it still says nothing about certain experiences.  It doesn't tell about getting typhoid or the &quot;knee tremblers&quot; or of the deaths of his brothers and sister. It doesn't give away what will happen in the book, it is rather a thesis statement for the story.  It tells you that the book is about his childhood and how awful it was.  It really sets the scene and background.<br />The joys and sorrows of this book, Angela's Ashes, are so realisticly told and described.  You feel almost as you are there observing what's happening, staring in the window, standing in the shops in back of them in line, wishing that you could reach out and help and then drifting slowly back to reality.
0316236551|5.0|My kids age 8 and 10 loved all the tricks for drawing fun little characters. Very easy tips!!
031218087X|5.0|I could not put this book down once I started it.  I had noticed the raves this book was receiving, and I have to agree!!  Mr. Brown, thanks for writing such an exciting book that was obviously well researched.  What's next?
0446605409|2.0|I was disappointed. I was expecting a great read like the &quot;Gold Coast&quot;. The story showed promise in the beginning. Unfortunately, the story took an unbelievable turn into pure fantasy. Toward the end of the exhausting  story, Mr. Demille throws in a hurricane. Every trick in the book was tried, just doesn't work with &quot;Plum Island&quot;
B000002KDS|5.0|Truly the most underated album in the genre of &quot;heavy music&quot;,after 25 or so years I have yet to tire of hearing it.    Alice Cooper &quot;Killer&quot; should grace the shelf of any fan who loves to crank it up. The influence of this record is more than apparent today. A taste of it can be heard in many current alternative recordings (Jane's Addiction,Marilyn Manson, NIN for example).     It's Alice before he went Hollywood, for your              own sake... pick it up!     END
6300183971|5.0|A fantastic film. However, I do agree with another reviewers comments that a 2 1/2 hour film doesn't do the book justice. Dune SHOULD have been a space opera in the style of Star Wars - i.e. a series of films. <br /> It is very difficult to understand the film if you haven't read the book(s) first - don't just stop after Dune, read the rest as well - but don't you just hate film tie-ins where the book and the film follow each other word for word? Most people I know who dislike the film have watched it without reading the books. And, in most cases, if I lend them the books then they re-visit the film they enjoy it a LOT more.<BR> There are gaps in the film that you can only fill in for yourself if you've read the book(s) first. <br /> The sound track is excellent - by TOTO.<BR> And the cast ... what can I say: Kyle MacLachlan, Patrick Stuart, Francesca Annis, Sian Phillips, Max von Sydow, Dean Stockwell, Sean Young, and on and on and on.<BR> Some of the special effects are quite spectacular, considering when this film was made. <br /> You've gotta watch it. But if you really want to enjoy it, read the books first.     END
0887306667|5.0|Save money. Take a pass on your MBA Marketing degree and just read all the books by Al Ries &amp; Jack Trout. Especially this one, followed by Bottom Up Marketing, and then Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind. <br /> I have read this book at least 5 times (and portions of it even more) and am even more impressed every time. Furthermore, I started a business based on these Laws of Marketing, and can vouch for the wisdom that these gentlemen have been kind enough to share. <br /> This is an absolute CLASSIC that is absolutely riveting! Don't miss it.
031218087X|5.0|I have read many of the greatest epics ever written ( The Iliad and The Odyssey by Homer each more than 3 times apiece), The Aeneid by Virgil twice, Most of Shakespeare's plays, Dante's The Divine Comedy, Plato and Aristotle, Machiavelli, Marco Polo, Melville, all of Robert Ludlum, all of Clavell, Some of Clancy and my favorite, till now, of all time &quot;Shibumi.&quot;                    Once I started reading &quot;Digital Fortress,&quot; I couldn't put it down until I finished it the same day.  That has never happened for me.  &quot;Who will guard the guards?&quot;  Nothing could be so true.  Dan Brown has created in Digital Fortress the unbreakable code that has been encrypted using itself.(Kind of like building a safe and putting the blue-prints inside.)  Digital Fortress would make the NSA obsolete and there would be no more big brother.  If you are into computers, like I am, this is a definite 10, must read, thriller.   Some of the words are mind boggling.  Andalusian Sun, Eidetic Memory, Ciphertext and Cleartext, Pedagogue, Julius Caesar's Perfect Square, Cupola, Brute Force Attack, Rotating Clear Text Algorithm and the best one of Rhyolite Satellites in Geosynchronous Orbit.   And after all this there is still more.  He gives you a code to break and a free gift if you break the code.   128-10-93-85-10-128-98-112-6-6-25-126-39-1-68-78.  I solved it.(What about you?)  What a great ending.  Oh yeah, dont' forget about the Book Jacket.  Nice Touch.  Can't wait to read it again. I think I will right now.    Thanks Dan Brown                   Tom Leonard
0688002307|5.0|I think that ideally this book should be read on a long, important and challenging journey. It is stunning, in the sense that certain parts of it cause such a sudden reorganisation of ideas and beliefs that you cannot keep reading but have to go off wandering for a while while the brain digests all the repurcussions.  It will make your journey deeper, and the combination of the two will change your life.
031218087X|3.0|DIGITAL FORTRESS is a 9 on plot and exposition of the arcane art/science of cryptology, but it is a 3 on dialog and character development.  Thus a 6 rating on average.  The characters are cardboard at best, on a level with comic book villains and heroes.  Their verbal interchange is of a similar quality.  However, when Brown writes about cryptology and the real life world that surrounds it, he holds the readers attention securely.  There are several first rate literary critics that I can think of that are miserable novelists.  Brown, a professor of English at a prestigious institution, seems to suffer from the same affliction.  If he could team up with a co-author that is a true  &quot;word spinner&quot;, the combination might result in a long and profitable career as a novelist.  Get the book.  Read the book.  Enjoy the meat but don't expect dessert.
0684874350|2.0|I am amazed that Frank is still alive after suffering through all of the consequences of extreme poverty -- but he definitely takes the easy road at the end of the book.  I got so sick of hearing about his self-indulging habits.  I don't care if this is an integral part of the male species, I don't want to hear about it over and over again -- that's not why I started reading the book.  How did this poverty affect the rest of his life? How did this poverty affect his family relationships later in life? I hoped there was so much more to this story but I was very disappointed.  I can't believe that this won a Pulitzer Price. It just goes to shows how the standards have changed.
0345403959|4.0|I have started to read the reviews of some of the books Ive read. Its amazing how many countries who are represented in the reviews of Belgarath the Sorcerer. It really has gotten around to people! I liked it, of course though I admit I dont think it was one of Eddings greatest works. That title I think I give to the Mallorean which I thought was witty, humerous and exciting. I do long to read Polgaras story. There is a book that has potential...
0671004107|5.0|Carl Sagan captures your interest the moment the book begins, not with the science of it mind you, but with the main character, whom one automatically recognizes is a exceedingly gifted, and yet compassionate person.  The book details her trials in life, including discrimination, death, and domestic family problems, as well as romance.  Sagan of course has a healthy mix of technicality within the book, virtually all of of which is based in fact.  Between the characters, which seem all to real, and the actual story line and discovery of extra-terrestrial life, this turned out to be my all time favorite book which has something for everyone to enjoy!  Its almost larger than life, and should be considered a classic by future generations.
0877284520|5.0|This Tarot deck earns it's 10 and more. It is beautifully illustrated and easy to comprehend. It is best for those more knowing of esoteric arts but it can also be easily used by the beginner. All of the Minor Arcana have a word at the bottom of the card, making it easy to remember the meaning. Even if you are not a fan of Aleister Crowley, this deck is still a great divination tool and has served me well many times.
044022425X|4.0|This story was much more consuming than Voyager, which tended to lag in spots.  Outlander was by far the best, not surprising. (I even got my Husband to read it).  The stone hopping seems to be getting a bit out of hand.  If it were really that easy,  there would have been many more &quot;fairy&quot; tales.  The weak ending explaining the gravestone is a bit far fetched and I look to the Frasers/MacKenzies to return to Scotland in the future.  As to a mini-series (Outlander would be way out of movie league), if I hear of Jane Seymour as Claire one more time I think I'll puke.  She's not nearly earthy enough.  Adrian Paul is  waaaay too short.  You may have to do a real search of nobodies to do these characters justice.  Please don't sell out for the latest popularity.  I can picture Jonathan Frakes as Frank/Black Jack and, if you ever get past the first book, David Hyde Pierce would be a good John Grey.  For future books, please leave them in the century they are currently in.  Any more time travel may kill us all. (PS, you still haven't explained why Jamie was haunting Claire in Outlander if they found one another later in life)
031218087X|5.0|Dan Brown's first book is clearly a winner! His research and background into the NSA clearly shows an expertise of a person who has read more than just &quot;The Puzzle Palace&quot; (Which I also highly recommend.)  The dialog is sharp, the action fast, and the pacing, which picks up almost immediately continues throughout the entire book.  While there are a couple of deux ex machina plot points, as well as so many plot twists that the reader most certainly will have whiplash by the end, it still is a satisfying read.  A novel worthy of Crichton and Clancy, but with one clear difference from Clancy, while the book does have alot of technical details, it does not bog down the narrative as some of his works seem to do.  The climax, and its payoff are so deceptively simple yet so neatly covered that the reader will either not see it comming, or will be grimacing and shaking the book while reading trying to will the characters to figure it out. All and all a very worthy first effort, and a good fast yet satisfying read.
0380778556|5.0|The book Rebecca is sensational. It is very suspensful; and full of excitement. Wonderful novel. It ingeniously mixes drama with suspense with romance, and murder! Definately a classic. Enables you to form own opinion on end. Read it!
031218087X|5.0|I just finished Grisham's Street Lawyer and it has nothing compared to the tension in Digital Fortress. The battle in the depths of the NSA gave me chills and the chase through Spain kept me flipping pages all day. Incredible final twist. I never saw it coming!
0425107469|5.0|I'm on my 3rd copy of it; have read it and loaned it out so many times.  Einstein is the most amazing creature I've ever encountered in a book.  And the fact that Koontz could make me feel sorry for the Outsider just indicates how well written this book is.  If you don't read any other Dean Koontz book, read this one.
0385472951|5.0|I've read several of Mr. Grisham's books, each better than the last.  I've also seen several films based on his stories.  I place his work in the same range as Stephen King and Dean Koontz, which is the highest compliment I can pay an author.  I was so thoroughly delighted with The Partner that I felt compelled to write to the author, which is something I've never done before, but did this time.  This novel is perfection.  I am in awe of John Grisham's talent.  I fail to see the arrogance and gold-digging aspect of his personality that other reviewers have mentioned.  He seems like a genuinely nice guy who cares about regular, everyday people.  What more can one ask?
B00000163G|5.0|Tupac comes fully equipped on this double joint. All Eyez on Me features the stellar verbal skills of a veritable who's who of today's hiphop heavy-weights like Dre, Nate Dogg, the Wu's Method Man and the LBC's own Snoop Doggy Dogg.  This collection of jams pulls no punches!  Each of the featured MC's swaggers to the plate with mad style and assaults the microphone with back-breaking arsenals of text, ghetto-slang and urban rhymes.  With booming, ultra-fat beats, and the required 'West Side' synthesizer doodles, this hiphopera is a complete beast!  This one's nearly a 10, but alas, there are a few wack tunes... that's merely par for the course almost anytime one attempts a double disc set.  For the most part, this compilation of Tupac rhymes is all that a true fan of this hiphop hall of famer could desire.  <br /> If you're already down with the rich rap tapestry that IS Tupac, then no doubt -- you own this cd.  If you aren't convinced, but DO happen to appreciate the jammin' sounds of banging Cali beats -- then bucky up your credit card and add this one to your Amazon.com shopping cart!  Be warned, this disc is not for the faint of heart or the politically correct.  Shakur was not shy about keeping things as real as possible.  This gritty urban snapshot tells an often sordid and sad tale. Tupac's life was obviously full of both the positive and the negative, and sometimes his words may cause you to wince.  Still, this disc is a seismic rhythm bouncer, perfect for that Sunday afternoon drive down to the 40-ounce spot.   <br /> Tupac Shakur was a rap Einstein.  I can picture him rollin'...may he rest in peace!     END
0140074317|4.0|I read this book a while ago, actually only a year ago, but you know how it goes from book to book.  From what I remember it was an excellent book, even better than the movie (which was my childhood favorite).  It combined fantasy and reality perfectly, and really gave the reader the opportunity to place themselves in the hands of the author, and let him take them wherever.  I guess the sad part is, this review I mostly wrote because I found this phrase in another book and was trying to remember if it was from the Neverending story or not. &quot;the Baobob tree&quot; WHERE IS THAT FROM, PLEASE HELP!! EMAIL ME!! this stuff kills me. oh by the way, the best book I have ever read is Infinite Jest, it is similar to Michael's description of a million monkeys on tyepwriters. Well I'll leave it at that.
6304578458|5.0|This is by far one of John Cusack's best movies. Starring as a hitman who gets pushed into going back to his hometown, High School reunion, and to do a &quot;job&quot;. He is finally forced to confront his past and challenge his values, while being the hunter and the hunted.  Not only is this film about finding one's self, it is full of humor and a touch of romance. The chemistry of this film is SUPER! IT'S FUNNY,TOUCHING, &amp; FULL OF STARS!  JOHN CUSACK, ALAN ARKIN, MINNIE DRIVER, JOAN CUSACK, DAN AYKROYD and the rest, all give outstanding performances in this excellent film.     END
0899681069|5.0|Pollyanna was a great book. It was about a girl named Pollyanna. She had had gotten her name from her mom's sisters, Polly and Anna. When she goes to live with her Aunt Polly, she does not feel welcome. Her Aunt owned a very large house and she was forced to live in the dusty, old attic. Read to find out how she manages to live with her unkind, rude, selfish, and rich aunt.
0316921173|5.0|Alot of people seemed to take themselves and their description of this book very seriously, accrediting more to the reader than to the writer, Wallace.  Of course it is silly to say that it doesn't take &quot;something&quot; to read it, but imagine what it took to write it.  All I can say is, it was the best book I have ever read.  It is more realistic than reality, and a work of art, which I think should replace the constitution, as far as worth. I think it would do alot of good for some people to read this book.  But then again, you get whatever you want out of anything.  And this book is infintely full, so dive in!
031286504X|5.0|Matheson, noted author of novels, shortstories and screenplays (Twilight Zone, etc) brings you into a vampiric world easily recognizable to any baby-boomer.<br /> It is Matheson's humanity thru the main character that pulls the reality(sic) along at an absorbing pace.<br /> Known best perhaps for his &quot;Shrinking Man&quot; and &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot; novels-made-movies, this is Matheson at his best.<br /> It is less a vampiric novel, more a social-commentary of &quot;the ordinary man in extra-ordinary circumstances&quot;. READ THE BOOK! Forget the movies (Price or Heston)!<br />You'll return to it again and again.<br /> If you want Matheson in an excellant, small bite, search out the short story (also Zone episode) &quot;Little Girl Lost&quot;; though rare and hard to find in a collection, it's worth the hunt. I AM LEGEND will make you sad when finished to realize this gifted 50's writer writes no more!
0060801263|5.0|When reading this book for a seventh grade book report, I fell deaply in love with it!!! It was all so realistic. I was given a month and a half to read the book and write the report, but now I am finished after four days!!! I love this book and will read it many more times in my life time! I belive Betty Smith Deserves great praise for her work in this book. My heart goes out to the Nolan family. They suffered and worked so much with little reward. The ending is extremely heart warming! Anybody that doesn't read this book will be greatly deprived!
044022425X|5.0|This latest edition in the saga of Jamie and Claire is well worth the read. It is not as farfetched as Voyager and returns to its spellbinding storytelling origins. By far, the best book in this series was Outlander, but Drums manages to recapture much of the enchantment. Bravo Ms Gabaldon. I look forward to the next edition with much anticipation.
0452277752|3.0|The Long Walk is a good novel.  It is not King's best by any means.  However, it is an interesting novel in that it was written while King was  pretty young, and you can see his style in its early stages of evolution.  If &quot;The Long Walk&quot; is nothing else, it is an average story with great characters.
0385486804|5.0|Without question, &quot;Into The Wild&quot; is the most amazing book I have ever read.  Despite what some of these reviews are saying, I feel Krakauer's interjections with other stories, including his own, made McCandless more &quot;human&quot; and not the nutcase that he's been made out to be.  By following his dreams and making them a reality,  McCandless was the most &quot;human&quot; of any human being I could think of.  So many of us live our lives bound to the chains of modern society and material possessions.  We also live our lives dreaming and wishing for things instead of acting on them.  Does the phrase, &quot;I'd rather be...&quot; ring a bell?  McCandless lived his dreams in a way that none of could even fathom.  For those of you who criticize him, until you've walked in his shoes, your words mean nothing.  God bless you Chris.
0060392584|5.0|This book was fantastic !!!  I read it in one day and it brought forth a wide range of emotions...laughter, tears and have a new found respect for Brian Warner (aka Marilyn Manson).  He is very well spoken and I think that people who do not know him or what he stands for, will if they just give this one a read !!!
B000002WPI|5.0|The epic saga that has become known as the Wu Dynasty was launched with this '96 hiphop gem.  Dense beats, sound fragments, and the rap GODZ themselves, the legendary Shaolin (AKA Staten Island) crew of rhymers virtually rewrites the rules of rap with this rookie release. <br /> This is a gangster piano sonata spliced with an urban sword and blended into Hong Kong karate-flick sound effects resulting in pure hiphop wizardry. If you can only afford to own one rap CD, then this is the one for you.  The Wu's got something that the people want to hear!  Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Raekwon the chef, the RZA, the Genius, Old Dirty Bastard, U-God, and Ghostface Killah will march their urban verbal athletics right into your CD collection's Top Ten!  This disc changed the whole landscape of the rap world.  It will redefine your notion of rap.     END
031218087X|5.0|The next time you sit down at your PC terminal think about the trouble you could create if only you knew how. Well, Dan Brown has saved you the trouble. Digital Fortress is a contemporary  cookbook for all those readers who like their fare crisp and devilish exciting. The author has captured the cravings of a reading public and now deserves the credit. He's simply a terrifically tuned-in writer.
0395645662|5.0|The Giver by Lois Lowry is just one of those books that just sucks you in; you just can't stop reading it.  If you're one of those people who is not really keen on reading, then this is the book for you.  If you don't really know what you're taste in reading is and you like exciting and interesting books, this book is perfect.  The Giver takes the reader into the future and describes what life would be like with out feelings or LOVE!  One boy is singeled out because he is different, and he is taught to become the Giver.  Although this book is set in the future, you can stikll relate to it's message.  The Giver is a book that I will never forget. by Amanda Tarplin
044651652X|4.0|I read this book before all the hoopla began. It was recommended as a good book and a quick read.  I found it to be just that. I, however, liked the book more than my friend did since I am a true sap. The point is, yes it was a very good book. But only for those who can lose themselves completely to a character. I also feel it is necessary to point out that any time a book becomes a movie and there are TOP actors performing. The media frenzy has more to do with paying required salaries than with actual quality of the story. Everyone out there who was so bitingly disappointed needs to realize it is necessary to take &quot;the promotional hype&quot; with a grain of salt. That's all it ever is in the end.
0671510991|5.0|Overall the book was great. I found the book a little hard to read at times, particularly the treatment of pre-WWI events. It picked up nicely after WWII, and the discussion of Vietnam was fascinating. Most interesting to me was the &quot;behind the scenes&quot; look at foreign policy development and proof that it is easier for critics to throw stones at decisions people make than to actually make the decisions.
1563523302|5.0|I live in the land of Big Hat No Cattle, Houston that is - home to a high number of fast import cars and big houses. As MND states those who have the big $$ don't show it and those who wish they had it usually finance their way. MND contrasted various jobs and habits (loved the doctor and used car stories). It shared key points on saving +20% per yr in quality stocks each year for 20+ yrs, living lean and being your own boss. I would highly recommend MND to all who ever have dreams of being financially independent.
0891902236|5.0|The year is 1942.  The month, June.  A Jewish girl sits in her room doing her homework.  A report comes in that her sister is going to be picked up by the German Nazis. The family leaves in a hurry, to go into hiding.  Her life is transformed.  No more going outside, playing with her friends, anything to do with the life she is used to.  She sees only her family, the Van Daans, and Mr. Dussel.  Her only true friend, her diary.  Anne Frank is the girl.  Like many other Jews in Holland, she went into hiding with her family.  Yet that amount in hiding was not enough to save the many Jews in Holland.  In her&quot;Secrtet Annex,&quot; Anne Frank hid with herfather, Pim, her &quot;mumsie&quot; And her sister Margot.  Along with them hide the flirtatious Mrs.Van Daan, Mr. Van Daan, and the only boy she would ever fall in love with, Peter.  The book, Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl by Anne Frank herself, was her diary, an everlasting memory of the cruelty of World War II.
0446364495|1.0|Why is this book in the &quot;Literature and Fiction&quot; section?  It should be considered a Romance - and a very poorly written one at that.  The plot is mawkish but vaguely plausible.  With compelling characters, it might have been interesting.  However, the characters are unbelievably flat - they never do anything unexpected, they have no faults, and as a result, the reader has no interest in what happens to them.  Waller's florid text does not improve matters.  I have not read such a poorly-written book in years.  The &quot;2&quot; rating is generous. <br /> If you're looking for something romantic, don't read this book - it will turn you into a cynic.  Read &quot;A Room with a View&quot; instead.
044022425X|4.0|Now, I was really in love with Jamie through the first three books, I even had to visit the Fraser gravestone in Culloden. &quot;Drums&quot; doesn't have the gripping speed of the other books, there where no major historical events, the plot in the backwater of the Carolinas had a narrow focus. I'd have loved it if Diana would have taken the chance to elaborate on Native American history. There was a start, sure, but a little bit meager. But I did read the whole book and I couldn't stop, so that should say something. At first I was incredibly angry at Jamie for treating Roger like he did, but then one tends to forget that Jamie is a man of the 18th century. That is one reason why he is so fascinating. And if you still like a book, even when the hero behaves badly, then the author got it right. The amazing thing is that I really don't believe in that kind of love, I'd have dumped that red-headed sweet bastard long since, would never have forgiven some things he did.And still I found myself yearning for a man like that. Claire surely is an amazing character. I particularly liked the way she didn't fret and didn't bother to find herself to the ellbows in blood from the very beginnig. The medical details are fascinating, so is the historical background. But like other readers, I'm waiting for the two to return to Scotland.And take Brianna with them. I want to hear more of Roger too. He was one of the characters, who really experienced a major development. First he seemed a little bit boring, but now he's really cute and didn't deserve to be so badly treated by Jamie.God I was furious. I rarely find myself so agitated by a book, I even found myself telling the last news of Jamie and Claire to a friend as if it was real. Despite the critics, a great compliment to Diana Gabaldon
0440224764|3.0|A mouthful to be sure. But alas, nary a kick to the palate. John Grisham has forsaken tension for cleverness. This book is actually in reverse, with the climactic scenes at the beginning. But then again, perhaps this is the first draft of the sreenplay for the hit movie starring.....oh I don't know.....maybe....John Grisham? By the way, the two pages outlining the story of Clovis are by far the most entertaining part of the book.
0060392584|5.0|I think Marilyn Manson's biography is a great book. My favorite chapter is the first one about his childhood. The book in all is very descriptive in every way, and it says alot about the way he felt when he was a child, all the way to how he deals with problems today.As well as just writing, it includes pictures and other interesting articles like prints of flyers handed out in his concerts in his latest tour.  All I can say is that The Long Hard Road Out Of Hell is the kind of book you can't stop reading once you get your hands on it. It's way too interesting.
1570422052|5.0|This book was spectacular. It was well written and interesting. Even after 800 pages, I still wanted it to go on. If you like this book, read &quot;The Forest House.&quot; and &quot;Lady of Avalon.&quot; These books are great and I hope to see more of Avalon in the future!!!
0425107469|5.0|OK, so I admit it, I'm a dog lover.  I've lived with &quot;fur faces&quot; for the last thirty-some years.  But even for those who aren't obsessed by retrievers, this book is still a must read.  Dean Koontz's book is one I go back to time and time again when things get tough in life.  His story teaches us to hold true to what is important in life- those we love. To be &quot;watchers&quot; over each other.  As Nora says to Einstein (the dog), &quot;We have a responsibility to stand watch over one another, we are watchers, all of us, watchers, guarding against the darkness.  You've taught me that we're all needed, even those who sometimes think we're worthless, plain and dull.  If we love and allow ourselves to be loved...well, a person who loves is the most precious thing in the world, worth all the fortunes that ever were.  That's what you've taught me fur face, and because of you I'll never be the same.&quot;   Thank you Dean Koontz for this wonderful story. Thank you for reminding us to be watchers.
0688158129|5.0|Once again, Jodi Picoult has created a work of suspense populated by characters who may at any moment walk right off the page.<BR>She handles with incredible ease the transitions at chapter breaks between past and present, sharing with the reader not only a character's personality and relationships but also how they evolved to this time and place.<BR>With &quot;The Pact&quot; she has created a tender and compassionate love story that is both timely and timeless.
0891902236|5.0|I am 12 and in the 6th grade and would like to say that if you are doing a report on it like i did you should not just say something like,&quot;Anne died at age 15 in a concentration camp.&quot;  You should talk about the sad details like it was only 2 months before the war ended and she almost made,&quot; or something that makes you think.  This book was great because it was told by Anne herself.  She did not know that it would be shared so she didn't leave out anything.  It is the best story that I have read so far about the holocaust.
0684833395|5.0|I reread Catch-22 after 30 years. This time, a brand new message came to me.  Catch-22 is an outstanding metaphor of the business world. If you take a moment and just compare Catch-22 to the way organizations operate, you begin to realize that there are more Major Majors and Dr. Danekas, Hungry Joe's and all the others cast of characters are alive and thriving in the business world today.  Substitute the business world and the Catcht-22 world, and it's like taking the roof off of companies and you begin to tealize it exposes disjointed logic and unbusiness ways of doing business.  This is a must read for any Business Major and MBA candidate.  Read it again and again and once more, new insights will appear.
0425107469|5.0|I personally consider this book one of Mr. Koontz's best and would recommend it to anyone.  While some of it's content is technical, he takes great care to explain it in a way anyone can understand.  The characters are endearing and well developed.  This is a book that you can read many times and never get tired of.
0553573403|5.0|A Game of Thrones is possibly the best first book in a multi-volume fatasy series ever... without wizards, elves, dwarves*, use of magic, orcs, dragons, dark lords breaking free of their prisons and only the briefest mention of anything supernatural or fantastical!  I wouldn't have believed it if I had not read it - and I probably wouldn't have read it had I known.  I just wouldn't have believed it was fantasy literature!  George R. R. Martin's  &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; dislodges the great Robert Jordan's &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; in my &quot;top three&quot; of fantasy, joining J. R. R. Tolkien's &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; and Tad Williams' &quot;Memory, Sorrow and Thorn&quot;.<br /><br />Tad Williams captured Tolkien's &quot;magic&quot; and child-like sense of wonder beautifully without being derivitive (ala Terry Brooks' wonderful but imitative &quot;methadone for fantasy junkies&quot; Shannara series).  Martin breaks the fantasy literature mold by recreating the genre with a tale cloaked in a grown-up sense of wonder.<br /><br />Jordan and Williams both personally recommend this great work.<br /><br />*Dwarves, no.  Dwarf, yes, in the real world definition!
0671502484|5.0|&quot;The Prize : The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power,&quot;  Daniel Yergin  dives  deeply into the Middle East  region.  He offers an explanation of the true reason that the communists toppled the royalty of Russia was to curtail the largest oil and gas reserves in the world.  Those in the old USSR.  Read it, the story will open you eyes as to where the power lies, it is where the money is.
630438551X|5.0|Leonardo DiCaprio was born to play a role of Romeo.He and Claire Danes go perfect together,just as director Baz Luhrmann has said about them.Anybody who is a Leonardo DiCaprio must see this movie.   END
0465068359|5.0|I am grateful to Iris Chang for putting into print the viscious atrocities of the Japanese Army upon the people of China, as well as upon other peoples in Asia.  She has taught us what history books and governments today, still leave as a &quot;void&quot; in the history of WW II.    This book ignited in me a sense of deep emotion for the sufferings the Chinese people endured under the cruel hand of the Japanese.  And what is more cruel, is that even today, the Japanese government stills denies the actual massacre and rape took place.  Iris Chang's accounts instills into the reader, the fear, sufferings, and helplessness of these victims, of a time etched in human history, of the inhumanity of one race of people towards another.  This is a must-read book for all Americans especially of Chinese descent, for it teaches us that these crimes of horror and rape MUST NEVER AGAIN BE REPEATED OR PERPRETRATED BY MANKIND UPON ITSELF, ever again! The sad conclusion to this chapter, is that there are still Japanese war criminals alive today that have gone unpunished!  George Chiu
0446364495|1.0|...and I have read some pretty bad ones in my lifetime!  The only way I was able to get through is was on a Thanksgiving day drive to my cousin's.  Everyone in the car took turns reading it aloud.  It's a maudlin, unrealistic, hideous piece of garbage.  The melodramatic readings made it merely palatable.  I fear for the fans of this book.
1573226521|1.0|A book that spends a lot of time telling a story that doesn't need telling.  A bunch of brainless, new-age travelers in a Robinson Crusoe setting who's greatest aspirations are to win at Gameboy and smoke cigarettes.  A book about nothing.
6303433766|5.0|if you are looking for something that will really draw you in, check this out. with outstanding performances by everyone (especially kate winslet) it is a wonderfully told true story of two teenage girls whose almost chemical need to be together ends in tragedy.  END
0965295230|3.0|I thought that it was a good book. I liked how the author described all of the places they visited and each of the different attacks. I just didn't like how the Long John changed his character so often. He should have remaind the same more, even though it was incorperated with the plot.
0440224764|3.0|If you have too much free time, than read the book.  It took me a long time to finish the book because it's not a very exciting book.  Not his worst, but not his best.
0060392584|5.0|This book is for anyone who is even vaguely interested in Marilyn Manson. I learned some new things as a fan, but for those who have only experienced the rumors about Marilyn Manson, this book will help to dispel (or possibly reinforce, depending on what you've heard) them. Quite informative about The Rev's philosophy, making it slightly more clear what he's trying to say. However, it's strangely like Davy Crockett's autobiography, just more violent and graphic.
0440211727|2.0|If you want to read this book, you should reade &quot;The Firm&quot; or &quot;The Client&quot; instead. If you already have read &quot;The Firm&quot; or &quot;The Client&quot;, you would probably hate yourself for buying this book!
0684803356|5.0|For Whom The Bell Tolls is Hemingway's masterpiece.  Every word has a meaning.  The story in itself is excellent, although Robert and Maria's romance is sometimes somewhat unrealistic.  This book is a great examination of self doubt and belief.  This book shows us that we must believe in ourselves and believe in others to survive. It is not about faith in god, but about faith in man, which I think is a wonderful thing.  In my opinion, too many writers seem to have lost faith in the human race,  but Hemingway didn't, and that makes For Whom the Bell Tolls a great novel.
6302043158|5.0|There may be a misprint.  Sting has a minor supporting-cast role in this movie, and the music was actually done by The Who. The story deals with the clashes of the Mods and Rockers in Britain. Beatiful scooters and wonderful period costumes.  A must for Vespa and Lambretta fans.   END
0670880728|5.0|As soon as I started reading the book, I could not put it down. I received some very strange looks from other people on the train as I sat in the corner and cried with laughter! The only worrying part, was that I could see some similarities to my own life and Ms. Jones!!!!
0451452739|4.0|The problem with this book is that it interprets a lot of what YOU were left to interpret in the movie. So it is interesting but not mind provoking and much more close ended (like a story). If you are an SF fan then this is no different than many other books and it should be enjoyable, but if you were that person that really formed his/her conclusions on the movie, well this book will just sit there and disagree (or maybe agree) with you.
0553103547|5.0|I can think of no better word.Unlike anything I have ever read, Martin twists intrigue and characterization in a tasty little pretzel, without a single mention of &quot;enigmatic&quot; wizards, stupid gemstones or goofy magic swords.His greatest accomplishment was telling a story of war and domination from three different viewpoints(Dany,the Starks, and Tyrion Lannister), showing how each side has its own virtues and vices, and no one is squeaky clean good or scum licking evil.It had been a long time since I read enthralling fantasy, and it made me realize what the wonderfully skillful yet long-winded Jordan lacks.A masterful book of intrigue, sex, romance, war, and everything else that makes a book one of the best in it's genre.
0671004107|3.0|I decided to read the book before renting the movie. The story line is pretty good but the ending is weak; the outcome of the &quot;contact&quot; is unsatisfying and a surprising, but irrelevant, revelation about the heroine is used to provide a philosophical last paragraph.  The book was written in the 80's but set at the end of the millenium, giving us the opportunity to review Carl's predictions. Not many have come to fruition. The National Enquirer, ABC, NBC and CBS are all still here. The Soviet Union and apartheid -era South Africa aren't. We don't have a two-term female president...er, okay, a split decision on that one...and there are no millionaire retirement homes orbiting the earth. The strike-out rate for Carl's predictions tended to make me think his predictions for first contact with aliens was probably way off, too.  This is the kind of book you can read on a long flight or during a vacation, but it's a stretch to tag it a &quot;classic&quot; of any genre.
0440224764|5.0|I found this to be the fastest and easiest read of the Grisham books.  &quot;The Partner&quot; ranks right up there with &quot;The Rainmaker&quot; and &quot;Runaway Jury&quot; for pace.
0446520950|4.0|i was looking for a mindless thriller to read on my vacation and was not dissapointed.  no it's not a piece of &quot;literature&quot; but i didn't think about my stressed out life for a minute.  total control was a total escape.
0446364495|1.0|When this book showed up on everyone's must read list I stepped out of character and read it.  In the opening section of the book Waller compares himself to the hero, who he has been following/researching in order to complete the tale.  He believes that he and the hero are now practically the same person.  He then portrays a person with no faults, complete self-reliance, who is strong and sensitive.  He lovingly strokes this character all throughout the book.  There wasn't much more to it besides some very sad people who made some difficult decisions and didn't want to live with them anymore.  Poor babies.  I couldn't get over the fact that he was essentially writing this story about what an amazing person he himself is.  By the time I was through with it, about a half an hour later, I resigned myself to never read a book off the best seller list again.  Waller is not a literary author, he is a trashy romance novelist.
0440224764|5.0|I am a lover of legal thrillers and have read every one of Grisham's books.  The Partner is one of the best, up there with Rainmaker, A Time to Kill, Runaway Jury and the Firm.  Even though I can predict by now how these plots are going to twist and turn, I still turn those pages with excitement. I was a bit disappointed with the ending--though I was expecting it--since I'm a sucker for &quot;they lived happily ever after...except for the corrupt lawyers.&quot;
0679457313|5.0|This book not only has beautiful prose and well-developed characters, but also a beauty and grace that many novels lack.  The Indian landscape comes to life with Roy's descriptive prose, but what I found most impressive were the personal relationships within the book.  The family, with all its complexities and quirks, really gets to the heart of what it means to love, and lose in this life.  Most impressive are the passages written through the eyes of a child, not one detail is missed.  This book transports you to a different place, where you can almost hear, smell, and see the sights of India.
6304675348|5.0|This was an awesome movie.  Never before have i been scared in a movie theater.  This movie made me jump and kept me on the edge of my seat the whole 2 hours.  I cant say enough about this excellent movie, except if you havent seen the second one its just as good.  Highly reccommended     END
6301562925|5.0|I read this when i was thirteen, and it scared me. for being the fifth installment people may think it may be stupid but it wasnt it was michael myers meets the nineties.  Very good book     END
0060925000|4.0|This is a very interesting and rich book.  It reminds me of Anna Karenina--not in its characters, but in its smorgasboard of ideas and details and coverage of so many aspects of life and society.  Do stick with it, and keep a dictionary handy.  I occasionally did not recognize some words the Indian author took for granted.  Looking them up helped a great deal.
B0000039QA|5.0|This one is priceless, worth every fragmentary morsel of your econo-jam music budget.  HipHop's verbal Nostradamus, Biggie Smalls - AKA the Notorious B.I.G. drops the science with this Mack truck of a rap classic.  Tunes like `The Beef\\" `Goin' Back to Cali\\" and `Hypnotize' will power this one into your heavy rotation, Life After Death is indeed, the bomb!  It's such a shame and a waste, and even, sometimes...a joke that he is dead!  Of course, it's not a surprise since that's nearly all he ever rapped about! The media-hyped negative trip with Tupac captivated the rap audience and got so completely out of hand! This was Biggie's 2nd album, his sophomore effort, if you will.  Life after Death was released in the days following Biggie's death, and this, his final rap saga is a truly full-blown and fully realized rap 'wrecka!' <br /> Coastal rivalries aside -- Biggie Smalls was a complete, precise and loquacious urban narrator.  BIG had it going on!  As he jovially would have said, \\"To know me is to love me.\\"  The Notorious One is joined on Life after Death by Puff, Lil' Kim, R. Kelly, Bone Thugs &amp; Harmony and Too Short.  This double-burger full-meal-deal rap diamond musical salad is packed full of ghetto poetics and bitter truths.  This disc will provide a crucial sense of post-modern music realism to your downtown commuter-Walkman hiphop head.  Listen closely as MC Biggie rocks the house like no other.  Farewell to the one called B.I.G.     END
0380799006|5.0|This book provides practical help with sibling rivalry that can be put to immediate use in the home.  I found it a quick read that is extremely helpful.  Puts parents in touch with the issues from the children's point of view.
0812034465|5.0|From begining to end this book gave me a sense of relating to other people and the way other people live and feel and some of the tragedies of this world. It was truly a mind opening experience, I had to do a book report on this book and I found it most interesting. Scout was like a link between you (the reader) and the book, you almost forget she's a fictional character. I've done my best to tell you how good this book is .... you'll have to read it for yourself to really understand. This book is for people of all ages.
0671886231|5.0|have passed on to all my family and my friends iI play the audio of Embraced and The awakening heart in my car when I'm going to work or any where. Bette  has made my life livable.  Recommend to any one who is lost in the living world of today.  If someone you know has lost someone close then  send Embraced by the LIght to them instead of  flowers or a card. It will really save them also.
0385421982|1.0|The Pelican Brief is without a doubt the worst book I've ever finished.  (I've dropped a few worse books midway through, but I was stuck on an airplane for 10 hours with only a copy of The Pelican Brief so I had no choice but to finish it.)  The biggest problem with the book is that the plot makes absolutely no sense.  Think about it.  The Darby character has NO direct evidence with respect to her theory.  Once she's passed the information on to the authorities, killing her does nothing but validate the theory.  So if they had succeeded in killing her, it's highly likely that the authorities would eventually figure out that her theory was valid.  As a result, Darby's fate is irrelevant.  This book is one of the reasons that I never read anything on the best seller list (except for freakish exceptions like Pynchon and DeLillo).  Oh, I just remembered one book I read that was even worse (Patriot Games, further support for my policy of avoiding best sellers).
0679457313|4.0|The God of Small Things is a book so good that you almost resent it for being The Real Thing. As you are reading it, you realize with a startle that you are stumbling into the unexplored. I sensed something of  the joy of discovery in reading this book. I have found myself going back and re-reading several sections of the book - to myself as well as to friends. And that is a fine testament to the wonder of this book. I recommend it strongly if only to test your own tolerance for the unfamiliar.   <br /> This is a book of considerable arrogance, but perhaps in the best sense of the word. There is arrogance in the temerity with which the book insists on breaking norms of prose, grammar even. In the way the book is structured (notice how the author grindingly halts in the middle of narratives that have gathered significant momentum for extended reflections on the most tangential topics). In the way the author so easily slips into the role of provocateur, defying the reader to be outraged. The language is militantly inventive  (in an almost look-I-can-do-this sort of way). Occasionally, the narration is wrought with the thumping weight of poignancy in the telling of the simplest of incidents. This left me reeling, unwilling to grant praise. Then, about a thirds into the book I realized that perhaps the book seemed that way only by virtue of comparison. Who are we to judge; perhaps the final purpose of a novel is only verbal storytelling; and we should not be shocked, surprised even, if allegiance to grammar and worn patterns of construction are tossed aside. In this sense the book is similar to `The Color Purple' (and is there a book with a higher payoff in reading pleasure ?). Finally it was the unimaginable precision with which the characters' thoughts were expressed that brought me crashing into acceptance - this IS the real thing. And look at the way that you come away having known the entire life stories of a multitude of characters by the time you finish this nottoo long book. Vividly imagined, intensely poetic, and filled with an understanding of the shiest of human quirks, this book is an answer to all those who lament the death of the novel.  I cannot wait for Arundhati Roy to write her next book.
0679420401|5.0|In the early chapters you'll show little compassion for a group of people refusing to change or better themselves as society around them changed.  Soon, you will find yourself showing sympathy for a sector of American society that underwent unimaginable humiliation and persecution.  The extended family, one that lives to remain together, working to survive, unable to ever achieve the simple riches they see in their dreams.  You will become the vehicle of the dreams, regarding your reading of the book as a task, ever hoping to see the family succeed in the next chapter.  While several chapters will irritate you, in that they describe the current status of the era, you will cherish the chapters that deal directly with the Joad family.  This book will soften any cynical attitude toward the homeless and forgotten of our country and cause you to reassess your ability to share your personal riches.
0553476580|5.0|I read The Alchemist in a single day and was  enchanted by the beauty and truth in what was written as well as the immense wisdom incorperated skillfully in the story line. I loved every second of the shepard boys' search for his treasure by the pyramids and his journey through the desert. A wonderful book about seeking your personal destiny, and learning from the quest.
0394548442|5.0|_Hiroshima_ brings a reader close to the victims. It portrays the events in a very human manner, thus causing more impact on the reader.  It never talks about whether or not the atomic bomb was ethical; however, it shows what happens after the war to a handful of Hiroshima's citizens.  The book was written in a simple, straight-forward manner, which makes it easier to understand.
0380729407|5.0|When I began reading Something Wicked This Way Comes, it seemed uninteresting and childish, but as I continued on, I found myself unable to put it down. Not only has Ray Bradbury created a terrifying novel, but a deeply moving story about human nature.  I loved the ending. I highly recommend this book to everyone!
0070511136|5.0|In this no-close approach to sales it takes you through a problem solving procedure that helps mutual partys.  It works because your are helping people get what they want, plain and simple.  No rocket science here, just plain truth in sales procedures.
0060920084|5.0|What is there left to say ?? Brysons' first travel novel gives him plenty of oppurtunity to be at his funniest - that is when he is dwelling on the negative.Throughout the whole novel Bryson shares a private joke with the reader - something which an ex-pat American or Brit can readily identify with.Although 'Neither here nor there' is overall a funnier book I would still give this one ten out of ten.Read this and you require to know very little else about America should you visit it !! Oh yeah ...and by the way ... it made me move to America!!
0345315227|1.0|I read the book.  I read these reviews.  In my opinion the reviews are far more, imaginative, entertaining, amusing, and enjoyable reading than this (hopefully last) of ACC's books.  You can't please everyone.  Ever!  But look, Arthur, there are a very high percentage of reviews written here where your fans are not just disappointed.  They really are angry with you for presenting them with such trash.  We expect more from you because, in the past, you have provided us with so much more.  There is an abundance of trash to read, we neither need nor expect it from the likes of you.  Yes, we hold you to a higher standard and that is because your standard has always been so much higher!  There is a link below these reviews.  It is underlined.   It says &quot;I am  the author and I want to comment on my book. &quot;  Please click on it and explain yourself.  Tell us it was just a joke.  Tell us you had a brain-fart. Tell us you apologize and will do better next time.  Most of all, tell us you are OK because, as avid fans, we are concerned about you.  And rightfully so.  Admittadly though, you've got us on one pint:  you've figured out what that icon with the ABC &amp; chekmark on your toolbar is fer.
0553213105|5.0|WONDERFUL!!!! That is the best description of this wonderful love story. I fell in love with the book from start to finish. It was magnificently written and the charecters were wonderfully portrayed. It is a glorious love story which has much below the surface. It is simply the best work of hers that I have read yet. As I said before it is WONDERFUL!!!
1563523302|4.0|I enjoyed the book, but felt it dragged at times.  It's true that some of the information imparted was well worth pondering; however,I would have liked to have gotten more in the way of &quot;specifics&quot;. For example, what does the weekly, monthly or  yearly budget of one of these millionares look like?  Mostly, the book spurred me on to purchase a book on personal finance.
0451526295|3.0|This book is very deep underneath the rather frivolous surface. It is good and I think that at the beginning you get very much caught up in the story. However I also think that it can be very boring near the middle and it made me almost throw away the book in exasperation. While a good book on its own, compared to the other fantastic literary achievements of Jane Austen , it seems lacking in finesse, wit and charm.
0688052304|5.0|i had to read this book for my sociology class and  it was the first assigned book i ever finished... got an a on the test too :)  even as a 19 yearold, the book was very stimulating and really made me question the way we think and the way we are taught to think.  definately need to read it again.
1561001988|5.0|After reading The Poet, my first Connelly novel, I was hooked.  I thought to myself, ok, perhaps it was a fluke.  While I like mysteries, I am usually too tied up working on an Illusion, that I rarely pick up, less finish a book that I have started.  Well, let me tell you, it was like I had found a new food.  You know, the kind you order every time you go out to eat?  So, I went to my local book store, and purchased The Concrete Blonde.  Well, it wasn't a fluke.<br />  From chapter one Connely grabbed my attention.  And once again, I could thank him for the red lines on my eye whites.  The timing of release of just enough information in the style befitting the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, when he wrote for The Strand.<br />  It is difficult to review this title, due to the fact that I don't wish to give out any clues as to its end.  I can tell you it answered some questions in my mind about police procedure, Hollywood, and the world of Hookers and pornography.  Not that in any way was this a &quot;SMUT&quot; book, but it was enlightning to see that Connelly's character doesn't shy away from the life he is in.  Keep up the good work Mr. Connelly.  I doubt I will miss any of your titles in the future.  P.S.  I am currently engrossed in TRUNK MUSIC.
0785407057|5.0|&quot;I thus drew steadily nearer to that truth, by whose partial discovery I have been lead to this dreadful shipwreck: that a man is not truly one, but truly two.&quot;  This book travels deep into the heart and soul of one man named Dr. Jekyll.  The book will give you a full sense of personality.  It not only helps you understand the characters, but it also helps you see which side, your good  or your evil, is more developed.  The ending will send chills up your spine.    Dr. Jekyll is the basic good in the story.  He has devoted his life to scientific studies and helping people.  The basic villian is Edward Hyde.  He is every Evil in existence put into one person.  Although Dr. Jekyll is good, his curiousity drove him to unimaginable evil.  He decided to explore the evil in himself.  He made a potion and drank it. He changed into the horrible Edward Hyde.  So you see that what separates this book from the ordinary category, is that the good and the evil exist in one.
1562827693|5.0|I still refer to it when in need of quieting myself.  Recommend it highly!!!!
0201633612|3.0|While the book does identify many good design patterns, it falls apart when communicating these patterns.  While the authors have identified the patterns, they have added too much superflous discussion and missed the chance to communicate the concepts through simplicity.  The diagrams inside the covers are worth as much as everthing between them.  The authors should have built upon the diagrams slowly and showed *through the diagrams themselves* how one pattern differs from another.
0140177396|5.0|Of Mice and Men is a wonderfully written novel. It shows the ups and downs of life. This novel is a very sad yet truthful story.
0156528207|5.0|This a children's book for grown-ups.  It teaches grown-ups how to see with the unclouded vision of a child.  I have given each of my children a copy of this book to take with them on the long journey of adulthood so they would never forget how to think as a child.  This book makes a delightful gift to young and old.  Highly recommended!
031218087X|5.0|It's rated a nine instead of ten because the two leading characters were too perfect in some respects, and so dumb in others. I also would've loved a note from the author -- at the end of the book, maybe -- explaining what was real and what was fiction (since he claims to have based a lot on insider tips). At any rate, the showdown (as they tried to protect the database) was one of the most exciting climaxes I've read in quite a while. <br /> Dan Brown isn't Clancy, but thank goodness for that based on Clancy's penchant for making even a battle dull by overloading the reader with technical details. Brown doesn't do this -- he adds just enough detail to make one wonder. <br /> The other thing about the novel that I thought was well done was that I couldn't figure out what his position on the role of the NSA and privacy vs. national security -- I actually had to think about it and reach my own position, events of the tale notwithstanding. How refreshing -- the author assumes his readers are intelligent and don't need the &quot;right&quot; positions hammered into their brains ala Clancy. <br /> The only real quibble I have is that Brown gives the EFF too much credit and too much power for such an anemic organization. Maybe it comes from reading too many issues of Wired. I found it difficult to believe that the NSA gave a damn about what the EFF would do or say, since no one else does. <br /> A good book, and well worth the money. I look forward to Brown's future attempts.
0345423496|2.0|Prepare to be disappointed again. 2010 was science fiction at its finest.  It was passionate, intriguing, and left me breathless for more.2061 was not very good and neither is this one.Clarke seems to have lost his interest in this story and wanted to just shrug it off like a coat no longer needed or wanted' The book is short and has a large font, as well as copies of previously released chapters. The only remotely interesting thing is Clarke's portrayal of future gadgets. But that does not save it from being a big waste of money and very little time!!!!!
0345350472|4.0|Dick's book, far more so than the movie you have probably seen, problematizes the issue of personhood, as opposed to humanity.  In the culture of the year 2021, the criterion for personhood is the ability to feel empathy, both for humans and for nonhuman animals.  The culture has even built a religion, Mercerism, centered on empathy.  Androids, who cannot participate in Mercerism, are used as slaves by humans who have colonized outlying planets.  The murder and torture of animals is a crime, but the murder and enslavement of androids is required, despite the fact that androids are more intelligent than humans.<br /> This is a readable problematization of issues of personhood which can be used to introduce the philosophically naive reader to questions about what it is to be a person:<BR> -- Does intelligence matter?<BR> -- Can a robot ever meet the criteria, or is there a soul or ghost in the human machine which can never be in the humanmade machine? <BR> -- To what extent does slavery and cruel treatment construct beings as non-persons? <BR> -- Does species matter?<BR><br /> Philosopher and non-philosopher alike can enjoy Dick's inventiveness (a mood organ for changing your moods, a response test for checking your empathy level, invented words like &quot;vidscreen&quot; . . .) and fluid writing style.  The novel has action, but those looking for the action and suspense of the film may be disappointed. The book opts instead for a slower and more contemplative exploration of issues.
0440539811|1.0|Possibly the most annoying book that I have ever plowed through.  Getting to the end is perhaps a testament to my determination but maybe displays previously unsuspected masochistic tendencies.  It's a disjointed, turgid, hack written, drug induced hodgepodge of every stupid countercultural idea expressed in the past thirty years... with the most rabid examples of establishment paranoia thrown in for leavening.  Besides, the &quot;Question Authority/Free Sex&quot; message has worn a bit thin by now.  Why question authority?  Is it to find a better way, to restrain its abuse, to protect our rights?  Or is it simply to be a contrarian pest?  And free sex brought us first herpes, and then AIDS.  Nice going guys, any more bright ideas with which to usher in the millenium?  This book reads like the worst excerpts from every freshman dorm late night bull session over the past three decades.  It's a bible for the fuzzy thinkers, a blueprint for the fatuous, a justification for those who cannot distinguish between fogginess and brilliance.  Save yourself to time, money and aggravation -  instead of reading this book watch a few hours of public access TV.  I didn't rate it a one because I'm saving that for a book that's actually lethal.  This one may just bore you to death.
0440180295|5.0|All the other commenters here are correct in their hihj praise of this classic.  All I can add is to say that Vonnegut has captured our post-modern crisis perfectly.  Behind us lies the rationality that led to the firebombing of Dresden; ahead lies the supposed ideal of Tralfamadore.   But we are at home in neither.  Vonnegut holds up a torch to show the way through the dark.
0345403959|5.0|This book is quite excellent.  This is a perfect introdution to the Belgariad and Mallorean series.  It gives history to some events in the two series that were only hinted it.  It starts off slow but it is worth it.  It also gives some background to some characters only mentioned in the two series.
0395860210|2.0|I actually chose NOT to finish this book after plodding my way through over half of it.  Discussions with about 10 other people provided the same responses.  Only 2 actually finished it and adviced me not to bother.  I tried to force my way through it, but...life's too short.  There are too many great books calling my name.
0440224764|4.0|To be so shrewd and yet so niaive, makes the ending predictable.  However, one always sides with the underdog even tho a thief is a thief is a theif!!!
0380002930|5.0|The best novel I have read.  Still fresh and inspiring after half a dozen readings.  Some of my favorite scenes:  () The creation myth:  &quot;All the world will be your enemy, prince with a thousand enemies...&quot;  () Bigwig fights Woundwort:  &quot;You're not the chief rabbit?&quot;  () Hazel joins El-Ahrairah's Owsla - I echo a previous reviewer in lauding this scene as one of the most touching treatments in a novel on the subject of death.
0440224764|3.0|I loved the book untill the ending.  It seemed as if JG needed to end the book in a hury.  Other than that, it was great.
055347359X|5.0|I would recommend this to anyone even adults.  I have heard adults say they thought it was fantastic.  I give it Two thumbs up
0380713802|5.0|Listen...stop trying to find comparisons with 'The Lost Continent'...this is a different kind of travel experience .Bryson, with a little help from Katz, tells it like it is.If you have ever travelled much in Europe you will identify will Brysons' comments.Ok, he does generalise a little but ..well... its true !Italians are like that ! Ditto Germans/Swiss/Scandanavians.More compact than his other books, I can read this in one sitting and I always take it along if I am going to visit somewhere mentioned in the book, and then look to see what Bryson has said about it .Non-Europeans may make heavy weather of some parts but persevere , its well worth it !
0553213105|5.0|In case you are wondering, the novel it tied with is Dostoevsky's THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV.<br /> I have read this three times in three sittings.  In case that is not clear, I mean to say that I have sat down to read PRIDE AND PREJUDICE on three separate occasions, and did not get up until I had finished it.  I once stayed up all night long to finish it.<br /> Actually, I read it a fourth time, aloud to my then 8-year-old daughter Elizabeth (who was delighted to find an Elizabeth in the book).  She liked it so much that she in turn read it twice.  Just one of the great, irrestible book in the English language.
0440111498|5.0|'Cat's Cradle' may be the most Vonnegut book he has ever written. A typical page-turner that moves you along with the mix of science, religion and revolution delivered in his sly fashion. I hit my Vonnegut jag as a high school senior, devouring one after the other in a 2-month period. I went through that with Jerzy Kosinski, too, an author I would recommend to any Vonnegut fan. As with all of the Vonnegut books I rate a '9,' the weak link was the ending. Not as good as the rest of the book. The Vonnegut books that rate a '10' are 'Sirens of Titan' and 'God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater.' Those are books that after I finished, I went back and read the last chapters again -- that good. 'Cat's Cradle' is great, but not penultimate Vonnegut.
0061092037|4.0|Although not one of Mr. Archer's best, I still thought it was a very good book.  I would certainly recommend it for all readers, weather you are an Archer fan or not.  I thought the ending was good (it was a typical Archer twist).
630237250X|5.0|DA Pennebaker's unique unobtrusive directorial style has deservedly earned him the  nickname 'the eye'. This fly on the wall documentary of Dylan and his motley crew at the height of his fame in 1965, just before his electric conversion later that year,is no holds barred and shows both sides of the mans personality. From the endearing young man talking to the Liverpudlian schoolgirls at the Adelphi Hotel to the sarcastic biting foe of the 'Times' reporter. The performances are second to none, particularly the impromptu party rendition of 'Baby Blue' that was requested by scottish folkie Donovan. This is definitely the standard by which all rock 'n roll documentarys should be judged by. It also gives us the sixties definition of 'cool', Ray bans, leather jacket and endless cigarettes. Bob Dylan was the man who invented the 'rock star' and this film chronicles the birth of that idea.     END
6304539487|5.0|This anime adaptation of Masamune Shirow's Ghost in the Shell manga is somewhat slow for the genre, but it gives a look into man's drive for new knowledge and technology and the possibility of synthetic intelligence. This movie hooked me into Anime.     END
0345423496|2.0|I picked up this book for a good price and just because i knew the author was a good one.  I can't say that i've read his other novels, but i hear he can do better.    As it started I was intrigued and read the first hundred pages non-stop.  It portrayed in good and facinating detail the ways of life and the culture shock that Poole tried to avoid in 3001.  As i read i became less interrested, but kept reading hoping that since the beginning was excellent that it would end w/ a bang.  I was sourly dissappointed at a boring and mildly eventful ending  For the diehard Clarke fan its a must, though dissappointing, I wouldn't reccomend this to anyone as a first impression of good Sci-fi.
0804106304|5.0|Amy Tan did a brilliant job to tie the lives of two generations of Chinese-American women.  Their sufferings, their triumphs, their hopes.  She gives them life with her Chinese brush and American paint.  This novel is about reclaiming the past so one can better experience the present. A story with infinite sadness and laughter at the same time.  A must-read.
0020442203|5.0|I have read this book over and over again, it's one of those.  I am now in 8th grade and in fourth grade the teacher read all six books from the Chronicles of Narnia to us.  I now read them to my sister and enjoy them so much myself as well.  Presently, I am looking for information as I am composing a project on Clive Staple Lewis and the Narnia books.  I have encouraged all of my friends to get wrapped up in them and they indeed have; and have all thanked me.  There are so many great sites with amazing things.  I never look at any of the pictures of the characters, since I do not want the way I have created them with my imagination to be replaced by an artist's point of view (no offense).  In conclusion, I would like to say that I think everyone should be swept into Narnia, no matter what age they might be, they will all find the books (especially 'The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe') fascinating and delightful.  I can almost feel the fur coats at  my finger tips, and the snow crunch beneath my feet, if you know what I mean!!!
044022425X|5.0|I recently discovered the Outlander series and I loved all four of these books.  History, adventure, humor and romance.  What more could one ask?  Diana Gabaldon is a wonderful story teller.  I found myself wishing to meet Jamie and Claire, such is the strength of their character.  I admit to feeling and intense dislike for Brianna in this last book, however.  Seems like she could do with a good spanking, and Jamie is the man to do it.  As for talk of a movie, how about Kristin Scott Thomas as Claire and Liam Neeson as Jamie?  Yes, I know he's Irish, but he played a Scot before in Rob Roy and he is the only actor I can think of with both the talent and the massive presence to portray Jamie.
0684874350|5.0|This was the best memoir I've read in some time. He crafts the language beautifully and he manages to change the voice as the child grows up, which is quite a feat. It's an immigrant's story, a tale of redemption filled with such wondrous and painful moments that it almost seems unbelievable.  But it only feels that way because that reality is so distant for anyone, say, shopping online. I'm grateful to McCourt for conveying what it feels like to be hungry constantly. It's something, that in America at least, or in its well-fed portion, we have forgetten. He lets us remember how the other half lives. Deeply moving.
068484267X|5.0|McCourt's book Angela's Ashes is absolutely brilliant.  While every page turned does not keep you on the edge of your chair, you do realize the reality of this family's world. One of the best books I have ever read...somehow his detailed narration of his misery could make me both laugh and cry.
0679405631|5.0|It may seem odd that a book written in a time and place so far removed from present society still resonates the way it does.  With far too many of today's novels getting five stars here -- based more on their \\"Popular Author/Oprah Book Club/Bestseller\\" status rather than on the actual merits of the book itself -- The Woman in White stands on its own as a genuine classic, given the enduring quality and relevance it imparts.  Relevant, because it moves the reader, and we know how hard that is in an age where TV and the other usual suspects desensitize us.  Enduring, because it deals with themes that touch us all on one level or another: love, betrayal, injustice, setting things straight.  Classic, because a story well told about characters we care about -- villains or not -- deserves a place within our homes, on our nightstands, in our hands keeping us awake when we should be sleeping.
0887306101|5.0|This book is absolutely essential reading for traders just beginning and those experienced traders who &quot;just can't get over the hump&quot;.  Schwager asks the top traders all the questions that any other trader would want to ask, and pushes the pros to reveal their money and risk management tips and &quot;rules&quot;, philosophies, discipline, psychological traits, and general characteristics of successful traders.   In addition, there are plenty of good stories the successful traders relate to Schwager, which makes the reading more interesting.  Most importantly, the reader will learn the mistakes that most traders make during their careers, and thus why most people never become successful traders.  These characteristics of losing traders are compared to those characteristics of the successful traders, and the reader will learn what it takes to make it in the markets, straight from the pros.
0385485921|4.0|I enjoyed this book very much and find I would like to read more about Patrick Lanigan's shinanigans.  A good friend at work swears that she read a story of this characters' graduation from law school and starting with this law firm. I can't find anyone else who knows anything about a previous story.  Help!
0802713319|4.0|This is a book about the history of fermat's last theorem; it doesn't attempt to &quot;prove&quot; the theorem.  I found the discussion of the personalities and struggles involved to be very engaging.
0670880728|5.0|A must read for any single female in her &quot;late, late twenties&quot;. (Or any male that wants to understand her.) I've passed my copy on three times!
0385491026|4.0|I really enjoyed Cat's Eye by Margret Atwood. I found it to be not only an intersting look at women's relationships with other women, but I also thought it dealt with how early relationships in life effect a woman's relationships with men.  The writing was excellent, and the imagry was absolutely haunting
0140131558|5.0|For those of you working on solving some of the riddles of this book -- check out &quot;Quinn's Book&quot; by William Kennedy (&quot;Ironweed&quot;).  The protagonist is -- that's right -- Daniel Quinn.
0380002930|5.0|Despite what the cover, and certain sixth graders, might tell you, this isn't simply a story about talking rabbits.  I literally just finished reading my incredibly worn copy again for the upteenth time, and I honestly can't think on another book that can touch it.
044651506X|5.0|Finally it's good to have a Demille mystery/adventure with a sense of humor. I found myself laughing at his one-liners and even writing them down.
0316236446|5.0|All these pictures, I can't decide which ones to do.  They are all so easy to draw.  And I like it that way.  This book made me into a great artist.    Keith (age 6 1/2)
0395645662|5.0|Wow! This book is nothing short of THE ABSOLOTE BEST!!!!!What to say? The only way to understand is to READ EVERY LAST WORD!!It will change your life, and send tears streaming down your face.Not for the faint of heart, THE GIVER RULES!
0441172717|5.0|Dune is the best book I ever read. I know it is not a good argument to persuade you, but it is the only thing I can say. Read it.
0679457313|4.0|<br />  What Arundathi Roy has done in her fascinating book is capture the essence of the lives of a particular Syrian christian family set in a particular period and a place (a small Kerala town in the late 60s). Arundathi has put all the intricacies of the life of this family in a bottle, preserved it intact and released it in the form of a novel for universal consumption, much like a bottle of vanilla essence. I can see now why people react so differently to this book after reading it. Some people just do not like vanilla, some people think it is imitiation and others love it.  <br />  The accuracy of small things is mind boggling and maybe it is something which can truly be appreciated by someone who has lived through similar times in Kerala. Everything from the description of how the seats in the movie theatres (called talkies during that time) fold up, to the little ladle made of coconut shells, to the pride of the father whose son gets a double promotion, or the way the hindu wife addresses her husband, to the little song that the children sing when they row their boat across the river, or the starch in the shorts of the Kerala police that make them stand stiff, is absolutely right on the mark.  <br />  I applaud Arundathi Roy on her boldness, courage and perseverence to write this book. She handles delicate sexual topics with ease and confidence. Her unabashed use of Malayalam phrases (without translation) is a refreshing change from other Indian authors. She has spent great a effort in creating her own language for this book, sculpting words, chiselling them, putting them together until they are the right balance for her communication with the reader.  <br />    I can see some weaknesses as well in her book: Her characters lack real depth. She is exquisite in describing the exterior appearances of a character but not as complete with thier mental or emotional makeup. When a character is faced with a particular situation we are told what the emotional response is to that situation without much of explanation of why it was that response.  None of the characters have any redeeming qualities which makes the book a little unrealistic.  Failures in professional and marital life abound in each character.  <br />  Overall, I would say this is a must read.
0517122707|5.0|Truly a great book. I have lately begun insisting that my friends read the book, and as an inducement I offer them the following guarantee: &quot;If this is not one of the ten best books you've ever read, I'll refund your purchase price and buy you another novel of your choice.&quot; So far about twenty friends / co-workers have given in to my proselytizing and I haven't had to pay up once. Need I say more?  Well...I can't resist saying just one thing more: Read the reviews below, then read the book, then re-read the reviews. You will feel a kniship whth the vast majority of readers who rate the book a 9 or 10, but will be astonished and confused that there are a few simpletons who rate the book a 2 or 3. Then, like a flash, you will remember the book's title, your confusion will disappear, and you'll realize that there will always be reviewers who give truly great books 2s and 3s. After all, we're surrounded by a confederacy of dunces.
0060920432|4.0|Professor Csikszentmihalyi has done a great service by distilling his decades of research into happiness and satisfaction into a well constructed single volume.  He writes with wit, insight, and character.  He vast learning is often evident but never overbearing.<br /> The book ultimately fails, however, for it invests all of its considerable power in describing Flow and convincing the reader to seek this optimal experience but does too little to help us on the path toward experiencing it. This flaw is somewhat healed in his later books, but perhaps the key can not be conveyed in print.<br /> That is why I am so busy teaching and consulting on the topic.
0060925000|5.0|Vikram Seth could very well be a literary genius.  Among the many novelists now emerging from India and South Asia, he is a bright star.  Once you overcome the intimidating length of the novel, you will find that it is well paced and thoroughly enjoyable.  The best part is that Seth opts for reality rather than romance when it comes to Lata and Kabir even though this leaves the reader curiously desolate and empty.  At the end of the novel, one realizes that one has grown rather attached to the characters, perhaps it is because we all know a Lata, Kabir or Haresh.  Magnificent!
0688052304|4.0|My favorite excerpts available at  Z.M.M. is a deep and  impressive work which has sold millions of copies and stayed in print in many languages for over twenty years. I recently read it for the first time. It was good to wait until I was ready for it. I am not sure I can recommend the book, but I am glad I experienced it.<br /> Mr. Pirsig presents the story of his search for the roots of deep philosophical views and his exploration of the branches of those views, from which branches hang all of the results Western civilization, not the least of which are universities, motorcycles, and mental hospitals. The philosophic system he proposes is to my knowledge unique and original, as well as marvelously free of endorsements or adherents.<br /> I am very interested in exploring how the models or paradigms in which all of us live lead to action. I did not explore Z.M.M. with a purpose of determining whether his system is true or even useful. I just like to know what the world looks like inside other people's heads. The world from inside his head looks wondrously intricate and interconnected, a world in which a man's motorcycle maintenance methods are determined by the intellectual in-fighting of ancient Greek philosophers. He is generous in the detail with which he shares pieces of his fertile and facile mind.<br /> The life he describes strikes me as sad and lonely, filled with failure and lacking in purpose. Measuring it against the three tenets of MayoGenuine (be genuine, be learning, be transitive) is illuminating. His great strength is his genuineness. He is also an intense learner in the traditional sense of accumulating knowledge and building systems, yet this information never seems to support him in taking the actions that would give him a satisfying life. His behavior does not alter, so learning in the sense in which I use the word does not occur. Most tragically, he seems highly isolated from human relationships, preferring the role of sage observer to participant or leader. He seems entirely ignorant of the meaning and fulfillment available form implementing Transitive Structures. Without these structures, his increasing insight not only fails to support his expression, it ultimately undermines his very survival.<br /> Luckily, his insight is available for others who may read this book and re-direct their own lives.rticipant or leader. He seems entirely ignorant of the meaning and fulfillment available form implementing Transitive Structures. Without these structures, his increasing insight not only fails to support his expression, it ultimately undermines his very survival. <br /> Luckily, his insight is available for others who may read this book and re-direct their own lives.
0425107469|5.0|I've read 6 Koontz novels so far and WATCHERS is by far the best.  If you like sci-fi thrillers, this one is highly recommended.
0312853238|5.0|This is one of the best sci-fiction books I have ever read in my life. It is incredibly intriging, and keeps you glued too it, even though it is not a horror/thriller. This is a MUST READ for not just science fiction and Orson Scott Card fans, but everybody.  Heck - just look around and look at all the other ratings it has recieved.
0670880728|5.0|Remember that commercial with cute little kids all saying, &quot;I am Tiger Woods&quot;?  Well, this book will have 20 and 30 something women the world over saying, &quot;I am Bridget Jones!&quot;  This is a book to share with your friends and your friends' friends.  I'm making the prediciton now that this book will become a phenomenon here, just like it has in England.  Bridget rocks!
0440224764|4.0|Many have reviewed this book and found the ending to be somewhat disappointing......however, I am not one of them!  This was a great read and I found the end. ...  Very delightful! I do not wish to give the end away, but I would encourage all to give this book a try.  There is a lot at stake within the plot and when that is true....anything can happen.  Good job Mr. Grisham!
0316236446|5.0|I can easily remember the dozens of times I took this book out from the library when I was a kid. I would draw for hours.  There wasn't anything that this book didn't tell you how to draw.  Cars, boats, houses, people, bridges, and hundreds of other objects.  And the best part about the book is how easy everything is. Any kid who has the ability to draw lines, curves and circles can draw everything in this book.  From chairs and desks to fancy boats with many sails, from bicycles and tricycles to tractors and tractor trailers, this book had it all. I would recommend this book to people of all ages.  It is guaranteed to keep any young artist occupied for hours on end.  The best book of its kind.
B000003NA3|5.0|This 4-cd box set truly astonished me the first time I had heard it.Coltrane uses sheets of sound rather than individual notes to create this masterpiece. Add to it Elvin Jones' entrancing drum beats, and you have an exceptional collection of 4 1/2 hours worth of music.Best take? try Spiritual on Disc 2 and India on Disc 4 (first cut), The only reason this album scores a 9 rather than a 19 is because many songs are repeated in differant takes. For example India appears 4times on this set.     END
0425107469|2.0|Travis an elite Delta Force fighting machine?  Nora a reclusive beauty?  Einstein a Retriever with near-human intelligence?  Repeated feedings of chocolate to a dog?  Come on.  This is a goofy effort from a writer who should know better.
B000002696|5.0|Most jazz classics I have taken to right away. After all, falling in lovewith coltrane and elvin jones is not at all hard. Miles Davis' Bitches Brew, however, is &quot;tough-love.&quot; The first time i listened to it, I found the lack of structure and massive entropy frightening. Miles does his psychodelic thing and is backed up nicely by John McLoughlin on electric guitar. These two CDs dont ask for your attention, they demand it....truly a great piece of work.   END
031218087X|4.0|Great start to a career as a novelist. This was a book that I couldn't put down. Not only is the  subject of the plot scary and kind of nerve -  rattling, but the story that Brown weaves around  his main premise is quite believable.  I was a bit taken aback with some of the typos and grammatical problems. The editor and typesetter should be more careful even though this is a first edition.  I did find some areas quite predictable. I don't know if the author meant this or I just twigged onto this, but it didn't detract from the book itself.  All in all, an excellent first novel!
0060925000|5.0|I read 3 to 6 books a week,and I've never found another book that so involved me in an entirely new and fascinating world. I keep checking bookstores (and Amazon) to see if Seth has written a sequel--I really want to learn more about Lata's future.
0425107469|5.0|The first Dean Koontz book I ever read was Watchers about 10 years ago.  I thought it was great and have read EVERYTHING he's written ever since--even under other names.  This book remains my very favorite and I have several. I get most books from the Library but I buy Koontz's books as soon as they come out.
0804106304|5.0|I was very suprised to see the review describing this book as supporting stereotypes. I am not asian and therefore cannot argue with you. I know that when I read the book I see it as a story of two worlds...the immigrant's story. I was only three when my family moved to this country from the mid-east and constantly feel my two worlds pulling me in different directions. I thought The Joy Luck Club portrayed this conflict very well. It is about the tradition and supertition of the homeland colliding with american values. I was fortunate to at twelve years old visit the country my parents grew up in. It is too bad that all immigrant children cannot do this. I now take less of what I have for granted, but I will never completely understand my mother's world. This book is not about Chinese women to me but rather immigrant women. Women who come to this country to escape their horrors and have daughters who cannot relate to them. When my mother and I talk about Amy Tan (we both have read all her books) we focus on the feelings we share with her characters. I would recommend this book to anyone especially immigrant women and their daughters.
0446310786|5.0|I too was first introduced to Scout by an English teacher and in a way was introduced to myself. I am so greatful for reading To Kill A Mockingbird at such a young age. It was not until I read it again as an adult that I realized how it helped to shape my life. Trying to explain what the book is about is like trying to explain how it feels to be happy or sad or angry. A summary tells you the story. You need to read To Kill A Mockingbird to get the feeling. It helps replace the innocence we lose as we get older. I read it every so often to keep me in check.
0446520950|5.0|As an avid reader of all genre, &quot;Total Control&quot; is a real &quot;page-turner.&quot;  It's been a long time since I've lost a night's sleep because I couldn't put a book down.  I went right to my PC and ordered &quot;The Winner.&quot;  Baldacci's jacket photo assures me he is very young and will be writing for a long time to come.  He can send me drafts of his works-in-progress anytime.  I'll buy his books sight unseen.
0920236162|5.0|This charming story reverses the usual roles:  a prince is kidnapped by a dangerous dragon, and the dragon's breath burns up all the clothes in the palace.  The princess who loves the prince can only find a paper bag to wear when she goes to rescue her love.  Cleverly tricking the dragon, she enters the cave where the prince, still beautifully dressed, is held captive.  Is true love rewarded?  No!  He at once complains she's &quot;a disaster&quot; badly dressed, dirty and all messed up. She replies that he is a fine and handsome prince--but completely useless. &quot;And, in the end, they didn't marry.&quot; <br />This book is funny and not at all didactic, quick and easy to read.  It's understandable for children from five up, but appeals to adults, too.  I've read it to my Guatemalan maid, who was being forced to marry against her will and had just managed to escape the marriage.  She loved the book and took it home to read it to her little brother and sister.  This is an ideal work to help girls and boys see themelves as equals, to help them realize that marriage isn't the solution to all life's problems, and to understand that boys, just like girls, can be spoiled and foolish. It also suggests that when a boy friend or girl friend is vain and foolish, rather than pining one can look elsewhere for love and understanding.  This book should be in every library worldwide!
0060229357|5.0|I recently ran into the paperback version of this book and sent a copy to my brother - Harold - to read to his kids. I remembered reading it when we were kids. When he received it in the mail, he called to thank me and shared something very special. Harold is dyslexic and recalls that this book was one of the few he could read and relate to as a child. He is an electrical contractor and to this day, he ONLY uses a purple crayon on his jobs to mark electrical outlets and boxes. So - if your ever in Boulder,Co. and you happen to see a big blonde guy on a construction sight drawing outlets in purple - Well - that's Harold and his purple crayon.
0679457313|1.0|Too bad the author got so much praise for such over-the-top writing.  Reminds me of creative writing classes, too descriptive, contrived, aiming to make an impression rather than tell a story.
0446520950|5.0|THIS BOOK WAS SO MUCH BETTER THAN HIS FIRST.  I DID FIND MYSELF GETTING LOST SOMETIME IN THE TECHNO STUFF BUT TO ME IT WAS CLASSIC. THE ENDING WILL SURPRISE YOU.  I MUST SAY IT TAKES PAST THE FIRST 200 PAGES TO BE HOOKED. AFTER THAT JUST HOLD ON
0451450523|5.0|I must confess, I have never read this book.  As a child I would rent this video time and time again, never tiring of it's wonderful beauty.  That was ten years ago.  Over the years I have remembered this tale, looking for the unicorns on the turning tides, knowing that I saw one there among the trees.  Yesterday, I was in a store, looking at something or other.  I turned, and there is was- the video.  Since then, I have watched it three times.  On the back I saw that it was written by a man named Beagle, which is how I wound up here.  Everytime I even think of the story, I feel as if I am still 7 years old; and filled with a radiant all-consuming bliss.  I love her and I she stood for-- for a young girl and a young woman.
1573226521|4.0|Perhaps I enjoyed it too much, read it too quickly for its plot intensity and character fun, but &quot;The Beach&quot; falls short in one critical area: it doesn't answer it's own question.  That aside, the story does get ahold of you and demands your attention, even if our hero is far less than heroic and too befuddled by his own ambiguity to be any kind of moral compass, let alone interpreter of events.  The point of the story, its lesson?  Perhaps it's as simple as utopia not being a place on a beach or lost in a neverending marijuana fog, but anywhere but...  Unfortunately, Mr. Garland isn't too sure either.
0553502077|2.0|The author should not assume his readers are not paying attention.  He slapped together a silly ending in order to make sure the main character did not get off scott free.  This resulted in  his not being true to his characters.  Tsk tsk  Mr. Grisham that was not very nice.
0060975768|5.0|This book clearly provides the account of Americans at war and the courage and determination of young soldiers. It is a tribute to the American fighting spirit, courage and the self-sacrifice of all Americans in all wars. The text was moving and flowing as if you had your rifle and were there. I did serve in Nam in 67 as a door gunner and operations spec. We who have been at war, any war, understand the sacrifice. It is a book like this that should inspire and affirm the American soldier. Regardless of the task, the controversy or the moment, we always do the job! GREAT BOOK - READ IT and remember.
0375701427|4.0|Phillip Roth again shows intellect,skill and  honesty in this book.The conflicts,betrayals and cruelties are disturbing but ring mostly true.The spirit and courage,along with the patches of humour-mostly black,depicted are inspiring. Overall a satisfying,if somewhat bleak,story by a highly skilled author who is not afraid of great openness and honesty.
0553573403|5.0|George R. R. Martin's first Novel to his new series 'A Song of Ice and Fire' does not only break all the boundries of fantasy novels that you may have read before,  it creates new one's, that leave you eagerly awaiting the second part to this series. Martin breaks all the rules with this one! It is a MUST read!!! I can not say more about this book. Buy it, read it, love it! You won't be sorry.
0425152251|5.0|_Sophie's World_, by Jostein Gaarder, has been sitting on my &quot;read now&quot; shelf for a year or so, after several people recommended it.  I just finished it, and found it entertaining and impressive.  A 14-year-old girl, who becomes a pair of girls in linked universes, tries to solve a mystery that's presented to her largely in terms of a history of Western philosophy (with a little Buddhism thrown in). <BR><BR> You could call it a YA for really smart kids.  If I'd read it when I was 14, it would have changed me forever.  I think it may have changed me, even 40 years later -- even though I've been exposed to most of the ideas over those years.  It's pure sense-of-wonder to have them all presented in a clear linked chronology of a few hundred fascinating pages. <BR><BR> If I had a son or daughter headed for college, I would bribe him or her to read this book first. <BR><BR> It's not a spoiler to point out that the history of philosophy presented here stops short of post-modernism, which is appropriate and ironic, because the book itself turns out to be an amusing pomo artifact.  (Yeah, deconstruct that last word ... )
0800199421|4.0|Absolutely one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  Especially when the 747 drives through the ramp and parking area, skidding around corners, making 'vroom vroom' noises.  Hilarious.     END
031218087X|5.0|I don't often read novels, but in this instance I was captivated by the book's synopsis and, boy, am I glad I bought it.  A riveting storyline, with a masterful portrayal of the world of computer security.
0060916540|5.0|More than a book about mountaineering, Touching The Void speaks volumes of the power of the human will.  I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a suspense novel wrapped in a drama about friendship, success, failure, and ultimately triumph over insurmountable obstacles.  The reviewer from Auckland, New Zealand above has obviously missed the point of the book and the sport.
067942850X|5.0|The tragic turn that &quot;On The Road&quot; could very well have had. Many dream of the bohemian simplicity of a life free of responsibility, family pressure, material posessions...each day a journey of discovery. McCandless' story embodies both that heroic journey and the fallability of man. What becomes the ultimate tragedy is not McCandless' needless demise, but rather his unrewarded realization that man may live an individual and still remain a part of society. It is in Krakauer's search for McCandless' tracks that we see what McCandless never really did...how much one person may effect those in his path. This book is enthralling yet at times graphically unsettling. Still, a great work.
0679450254|5.0|I'm 12 years old, and this book was completly understandable. I loved every bit of it and would read it 25 times! I would reckomend this book to anyone between the ages of 11-1111. It is a tale of a young heart strugling to find his place in the world. He findes it, but in the wilderness. This is the best book ever! READ IT!
0452277752|5.0|To be honest, the only story I read in this book was The Long Walk, so the review is only for that story.  I was completely fascinated and totally terrified, and I am not easily scared.  I found the story exhausting and disturbing.  It was the best short story I have ever read.  I still shudder thinking about it.
0465068359|3.0|Unfortunately I find I must agree with the Kirkus reviewer (except for the gender of Iris Chang).  I consider the topic extremely important and do wish more people would read about it, however this book is flawed in many ways.  <br /> Much of this has to do with the length of the book.  I must question the reasoning for a 225 page book on such an important topic and one in which Ms. Chang must posess thousands of pages of material.  Didn't Harper Collins believe in her project? <br /> Due to this short length I also must question the organization.  The 30 page or so overview of events at the front seems too long for a 225 page book.  In addition the chapter order is a little too bouncy for the length. <br /> This length also leads to another problem, some of the topics are only superficially covered.  We learn about Herr Rabe in a few pages and the other International Zone Heroes get less time.  The entire zone gets what 30 pages?  Why not expand on the topic? <br /> In addition, Ms. Chang's writing style is good but not great.  Her sentences run short and those that are longer seem awkward.  There are also some sentences and at least a couple of entire paragraphs that make no sense at all. To add to this agony, the footnote scheme or lack of one is harmful. Again, I suggest she find a better editor next time. <br /> Finally,  after about 150 pages Ms. Chang leaves the tragic events of 1937 and looks at the cover ups.  Due to the short length of the book, her look at another important topic seems like a young woman flinging emotional arrows.  With length and a developed argument, her &quot;arrows&quot; would have a better point.  <br /> In sum,  I commend Ms. Chang for her efforts and for writing what is now a well read book on an important topic.  However, I strongly suggest that she  write a longer treatise on the topic, delving more deeply into her source material and find a better editor who cares more about her topic than about selling the book to short attention span buyers.  Also, let me point out that it took over 50 years to make Schnidler's List.  With some patience, I imagine somebody will make a movie out of her story also.
0517122707|5.0|A Confederacy of Dunces, with the exemption of the Hitchikers guide to the Galaxy, is simply the funniest book i have ever read. Toole details his characters right down to the last neurosis. The characters that revolve around the life of Ignatius J. Reily will be embeded in my mind for ever.  this is a must read!!!!!!
0525244581|5.0|this is one of the only books that i can truly say makes me happy and glad to be alive when i read it and no matter how often i turn through the pages i find new meaning in its simplicity....this book is for the devout and the atheist...for anyone that needs a breath of fresh air or a little drop of rain....wonderful writing
0140317937|5.0|The Neverending Story was one of the best books i ever read.  The plot was excellent and it was exciting the whole way through.  Even though it was 444 pages long, i read it in one night (and i don't go to speed reading classes).  The story just kept going and going and there was something new in each chapter.   For people who have seen the movies, THE MOVIES SUCK compared to the book, especially the second movie it is totally wrong and missed a ton of spots.   I suggest that you get this book as soon as possible and read it 10 times over.
0812550706|5.0|There is not much to say about Ender's Game that has not already been said but I can not help but to add my name to the long list of adoring fans. Ender's Game is simply the best science fiction book i have ever read. Its an emotional tour de force with something to say about human nature. I am looking forward to reading the  sequals which i just ordered from Amazon.com, and i recommend that every sci-fi lover get their hands on this book!!
0897500482|5.0|Style without restraint. That is what Bruce Lee's life was all about. In this ever changing world of ours, there is finally a catalyst in which to learn the way of self-enlightenment.  Tao, literally meaning &quot;way of&quot;, is perhaps too broad a title for this book. This book can tell you many things about Bruce Lee (arguably one of the greatest minds of our time), but it can more importantly tell you a great many thing about yourself. A book that needs to be read at least twice; once to gain an understanding of the martial arts legacy Lee left behind, and once to find out what it is to truly set your mind free! One of the best books of all time.
0451187903|5.0|I fell in love with this story the day I saw the movie.  The next Christmas I got the book.  I read the book and it was one of the best books I've ever read.  I'm glad Emma Thompson left Lucy Steele's sister out of the movie, but I wish that Mrs. Dashwood's uncle would have been younger with his wife.  The book was also very educating for me, because, as I'm only 14, it helped me learn the ways of life back then.
0517122707|5.0|If only John Kennedy Toole was alive....  He might very well be a contemporary of Garrison Keillor, or a latter-day PG Wodehouse.  Such is the brilliance of this book.  It is exactly what a novel should be, allowing you to laugh and ponder within a few moments' time.  I am left to wonder what sort of book the detractors of this work would amuse themselves with.  As for me, I think I'll give this one a second read instead.
031218087X|3.0|Neither &quot;techno&quot; nor &quot;thriller&quot;, Dan Brown's &quot;Digital Fortress&quot; is only a fair impersonation of a Robert Ludlum novel and is equally as bad as Payne Harrison's &quot;The Black Cipher&quot;.  You will learn essentially nothing about cryptology nor the NSA in reading &quot;Digital Fortress&quot; that you couldn't learn yourself in 6th grade primers on codes and ciphers.  For better written thrillers that use cryptology as a backdrop, see Pearson's &quot;Simple Simon&quot; (soon to be released as a movie, &quot;Mercury Rising&quot;) or Harris' &quot;Enigma&quot;.  For cryptology itself, look for David Kahn's recently revised &quot;Codebreakers&quot; (non-fiction), &quot;The Puzzle Palace&quot; (non-fiction about the NSA) and several good articles in &quot;Wired&quot; Magazine over the past two years concerning cryptology.  Dan Brown can obviously write well; we can only hope for a better researched, more engaging work next time.
0899668380|5.0|Anyone who has seen the two filmed versions of this fine novel, &quot;Last Man on Earth&quot; with Vincent Price and &quot;The Omega Man&quot; With Charlton Heston, are in for a treat.  This novel easily surpasses these films, and I suspect it will surpass the remake currently in pre-production.  Matheson masterfully weaves the psychological torture of isolation and the gothic horror of of a good old fashioned vampire story into an unbelievable tapestry of terror and pity.  The ending is a true classic.  Even if you are not a fan of the genre, I implore you READ THIS BOOK! - you will not be disappointed.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Compared to most other cds that i have heard by various other artists and groups, OK Computer is one of the best things that has ever happened to my ears.  Of course to get back to the roots of Radiohead, you should really listen to Pablo Honey and the Bends, which i also love.     END
0140131558|5.0|Okay, so I'm only 30 pages into The City of Glass, but I just had to comment on the fact the the very first paragraph sent shivers down my spine.  I'm enthralled.
0671043013|5.0|My mother and father were born 2 and 4 years earlier in the city of Limerick and were not well to do, so it gave a very interesting look at life at the bottom there during the depression years. I wish they were alive still to let them read it and discuss it with them. What hardship. I cannot understand the critics in this review who condemn an honest memoir, that is so well written, and deserving of his acclaim. I would like to meet the man, and also look forward to the sequel. Well done Frank. Maybe a book from young Malachy too, to confirm what some might think a fiction. (I still have a hundred pages to go.)
0385121679|5.0|This book was so good i couldnt put it down. It was scary and suspenseful. What a very good book should be. This was my first King book and since then i havent stopped reading him. If you have ever thought about reading King. Read this one first because it definately illustates what a good writer King is.
0385121679|5.0|Stephen King delivers one of his best stories ever about Jack Torrance, and his stay at the Overlook.  Fighting against alcohol, Jack digs into the past of the hotell, while his own violent past catches up with him. His son Danny sees the evil but there is nobody around to believe him, except the chief cook at the hotell. Danny screams out for help with his special giff called &quot;The Shining&quot;. But does help get there in time? Or will Jack be able to &quot;correct&quot; his naughty family?
044651506X|5.0|Demille and James Lee Burke are similar in that they write about men that are strong and politically fearless. In Plum Island, up to a point, Demille injects some fabulous homour that kept my attention and in some cases, had tears rolling town my cheek. As far as a dective novel goes this one is first rate.
0812034465|5.0|I can think of no single book I have read in the last 25 years that connects with every age and in every age.  Thank godness Ms. Lee didn't give up, and continued re-writing this novel for the more than five years it took to bring to fruition.  Some people grow up and become famous; Scout, Jem, and Dill never grow up, and they are immortal.  Like HUCK FINN, each time I pick it up, I don't find more in the book, I find more in myself, and I am sure this is true of everyone who reads it.  I have taught this book to students for more than 20 years, and it is without a doubt the one book that is overwhelmingly positively received among all those that I have shared with my classes.  More than one student has come back years later to remark that he/she has reread it over the years, and continues to be enriched by it.  This would be THE book to share with your own children, and both you and they would be far better for having done so than spending those hours in front of the television.
0140182829|5.0|One of my favorite novels in college, and after, it is love, adventure, truth, deception and sacrifice.  Often likened to The Princess Bride, it is much more realistic.  It gives us the lost domain, or the dream of what once was, and kindles the desire to find it again.  But as we are questing for the recapture of the dream, so to does Alain-Fournier give us the reality of what we will find.  In this respect, the meaning of this novel continues to be applicable today.  Certainly a story for the ages.
0061092037|1.0|Lubji's transformation into Player and Armstrong all made sense.  But then Armstrong's character was divorced from early development.  From clever and observant and linguistically talented, Armstrong became an ill-mannered boor with Henry VIII's eating habits . . . all without explanation.  Great opportunity for character exploration was sacked.  Keith was never a mystery, driven with an occasional hormonic urge.  There was no need to jump back and forth between the early decades of their lives.  I kept on looking for the purpose of the jumping around but there was none to be found.  Crisp but empty.  The only good lesson was about bargaining around page 48.  I finished it only because I'm compulsive.  After all that disappointment, cutesy ending was insulting.  Those of us who survived deserved more.  Lazy, lazy work.
067158037X|5.0|I was lucky enough to listen to Frankie McCourt tell his story with his beautiful, sweet Irish brogue.  I cried, laughed, got angry at his parents--why did his father have to drink away all the money?  Why did his mother have to be the poor , powerless woman that she was?  Why did his siblings have to die? <BR> I guess all that just made him stronger.  He is a sweet, gentle man that I had the great fortune of meeting.  <BR> I have recommended/suggested this book to MANY, MANY people, and made my library's reserve list grow immensely.    A MUST READ!
0679457313|1.0|The God of Small Things<br /> Review Author: Samuel Varghese<br /> An Indian writer has received an advance of half a million pounds for her first novel, The God of Small Things. Great stuff, one would say, it proves there is talent in the country. The hype that has necessarily accompanied this has obscured the novel to a large extent.<br /> There are reviews floating all over the Web, some of them written by people who have not even read the book. The very fact that an Indian author has received a six-figure advance for a first novel necessarily means that the book must be good -- thus runs the logic. It makes for even better copy when the writer is a woman.<br /> A number of Indian publications have gloated over the novel. The customary interviews have taken place with the writer and the usual pithy sayings have emerged. It is time to look a bit more closely at this publishing &quot;feat&quot;, the circumstances of the writer and the actual content of the book. One must remember first of all that this year marks the 50th anniversary of Indian independence; indeed, it is a nice time for a British publishing house to give an Indian author such an honour. Good timing to expiate some of the guilt surrounding the act of partition of the subcontinent.<br /> Now to the novel itself. It is the story of a family who hail from a village in Kerala, one which Roy has chosen to call Ayemenem. The story is told within an uncertain time-frame which winds itself back and forth and anyone searching for structure within this book will be disappointed; the writer has an excuse -- it is like a work of architecture, she says, and the form develops in any direction. There is plenty of detail in the 350-odd pages; the English is stuffed stupid with a surfeit of similes, most of them very poor ones. There is a bid to copy Salman Rushdie but it does not work; the use of language is stilted and some words are so obviously contrived that they are out of place when used. Roy would have one believe that this work is spontaneous but the truth is that it is contrived and rather badly at that. It is so obviously wrung out of herself that any claim that this novel was lying dormant within herself just waiting to be written must be taken with loads of salt.<br /> The God of Small Things is seen from the perspective of seven-year-old Rahel. She and her twin brother, Estha, live with their mother, Ammu, who was married to a Bengali from whom she is divorced. Ammu and the twins live in the Ayemenem house with their grandmother, uncle, and grand-aunt Baby. The family owns a pickle factory that comes into conflict with the Communists. The family is awaiting the arrival of Sophie Mol, the twins' half-English cousin and the book drifts back and forth to the arrival and the aftermath of the death by drowning of Sophie Mol and an ill-fated love affair between Ammu and the untouchable Velutha. Rahel returns to Ayemenem as an adult to a decimated household, a dysfunctional twin and a decaying house.<br /> Were a Keralite to read this book, he or she would obviously understand the setting and a lot of social surroundings. An outsider may find it exotic but that is all. In this sense, the book is insular in the extreme; there are splashes of Malayalam here and there and despite the feeble attempt at translation, the real meaning of the phrase is often hidden. Roy obviously has a huge narcissistic streak and ensures that the reader will identify her as the girl Rahel; whether this is intended to tell the reader that everything, including the incestuous relationship Rahel has with her twin, was also part of Roy's life is unclear. This is a totally unnecessary twist to the book.<br /> The story line is quite predictable; the death of a child and the love affair between a woman of the higher caste and an untouchable are standard fare in many an Indian novel. The only difference here is that this affair is suddenly sprung on the reader and it cannot be logically deduced; indeed, logic is a major casualty in this novel. There is a process of development in any book but there seems to be none in this book and, in my opinion, it is highly over-rated. One thing which puzzles me no end is the fact that Penguin India did not publish it; David Davidar has been the face of Indian publishing in English and his laconical explanation, &quot;it wasn't offered to us,&quot; does not answer the question. Davidar is one who has chased after any writer whom he feels has the slightest chance of being a success. Why he did not choose to do so with Roy is a mystery.ced; indeed, logic is a major casualty in this novel. There is a process of development in any book but there seems to be none in this book and, in my opinion, it is highly over-rated. One thing which puzzles me no end is the fact that Penguin India did not publish it; David Davidar has been the face of Indian publishing in English and his laconical explanation, &quot;it wasn't offered to us,&quot; does not answer the question. Davidar is one who has chased after any writer whom he feels has the slightest chance of being a success. Why he did not choose to do so with Roy is a mystery. <br />
0194314227|5.0|This is the best dictionary I ever had. Besides the normal reference I found the usage examples great. I am a native spanish language person and I found it specially useful in my advanced english studies.
044022425X|5.0|...with the potential of a new direction for the next generation.  A young couple, starting out with their history of the future(?) the Revolution ahead of them (or is it behind them?!?) -- looks like a gathering of strength to start the next saga.  Maybe this single book one wasn't a 10, but if you take all 4 as a whole (just divided so the huge story is in manageable-sized volumes), it's an inescapable fact that Ms. Gabaldon has given many of us an immense amount of reading pleasure.  Thanks!
0060187557|1.0|2 out of 10 for the author for finding a publisher to print this junk. This guy doesn't even know that Iranians are not Arabs.
068483605X|5.0|<br />You may scoff at a novel about rabbits. And since it's usually found in the sci-fi/fantasy section of most bookstores, that may further disuade you from reading this book. <br />Don't be fooled!  This is a classic tale of adventure, heros, and villans.  Richard Adams has written a story which will have you so absorbed, you'll find it hard to put down.  If you're afraid of a &quot;Peter Cottontail&quot; story, quit worrying.  <br />I'm just wondering if Rowsby Woof will ever get to finally meet the Queen...
0679746048|5.0|This book expresses, in amazing detail, the usually indescribable experiences of clinical depression. Susanna Kaysen doesn't portray herself and her fellow patients as victims or ranting lunatics. It's quite refreshing, since many accounts of depression, (especially those written during the Prozac craze), somehow romanticize mental illness, putting depressed people on some other level. Depression is definitely different for everyone, but Kaysen knows that it can happen to anyone. She's also unsure about the whole concept of depression, now that she's &quot;recovered&quot;. I think that I appreciated this ambivalence most of all, being a &quot;recovered&quot; mental patient myself...
006109594X|3.0|I found myself extremely dissappointed by the ending to this book.  The 'Grand Finale' of 450+ pages takes 5 pages to play out.  In reality the book plays it much like it would probably happen in real life but that's boring (in real life a fight may only take 30 seonds but it's much more fun watching Jackie Chan fight for 3 minutes in a movie).  The above may seem like a petty problem but much of the book is spent establishing the antagonist's credentials as a supreme submarine commander.  You keep waiting for the better equipped American navy to go out and do battle with this genius but it never happens.  I have no idea why many authors seem to rush the conclusion of a book but this, in my opinion, is one of the worst cases of this I have seen.  Perhaps the author thought it was clever but it left me wanting.
0395860210|4.0|Paradise (remembered and imagined) -- the first section of American Pastoral -- is a gift from Roth to all of us with memories of that time and place, America of the 50's and the 60s. Dare  &quot;outsiders&quot; (a Jewish sports hero and marine; a Catholic &quot;Miss New Jersey&quot;--)contend for the American dream. Of course Roth says no.  What's wrong with the book, though is that all the characters (even Rita Cohen) are just as verbal, intelligent, thoughtful, yes extraordinary, as Roth alter ego, Nathan Zuckerman, thus unreal in their fictive roles.   Would a good editor have dared suggest that the over-the-top vitriol of rita Cohen (the serpent in the garden or whoever tempted saint whomever) could be done without.  Also, with respect for roth's expertise in the glove trade, he is no melville, and gloves are not whales: nor is the Swede a bard.   Finally, this is an important restatement,lest we forget,of a familiar message and I am glad for the opportunity to have heard Nathan's voice again.
0152465030|5.0|The little prince has always been one of my most favorite books of all time.  Since I first read it in college, I always reccomend it to people I like and admire.    The little prince is a story of the little prince; he lived on a little asteriod by himself surrounded by volcanoes, a goat, a tree that can grow really big, and his rose.  He then took a trek that would take him all over, seeing old folks along the way.  such insights leave us to think where we stand in this world, and in a way, also find ourselves in the process.  For some this book would offer a wake up call of sorts.  Others will see it as just another story that was written for children.  All in all it boils down to the simple fact...  &quot;what is essential is invisible to the eye, it is only with the heart that we can see clearly&quot;
0064440346|5.0|Owl At Home is a wonderful childrens book full of the sillyness of the character Owl.   Children will delight in the loveable Owl and the short stories about his antics.  Owl At Home can be read aloud to very young children and is also a excellent early-reader for an older child.
0060392584|5.0|This book takes a close look at the life of Marilyn Manson. From the early childhood of Brian Warner to the life of Marilyn Manson now, this book explains in explicit detail events that have taken place throughout his life. Learn what has gone on (from his point of view) backstage and in his personal life. It includes pictures of Manson and people involved in this strange tale. Like me, you won't be able to put this book down. And once you have finished reading it you will only love Marilyn Manson even more.
1564029654|5.0|&quot;Owl Babies&quot; is a work of art, visual and poetic. The repetitive cadences building the story page after page, together with the perfectly-judged atmospheric paintings, combine to create a world we enter unconditionally.<br /> This book has it all, in the classic theatrical sense - unity of time and place, a predictable safe story told with an appropriate degree of suspense, thrilling buildup to catharsis, epilogue full of warm reassurance. It is the one bedtime book everyone should possess; not just for the kindies.<br /> Note: almost the same applies to the marginally-less beautiful &quot;Can't You Sleep, Little Bear?&quot;
0393314804|5.0|I don't think anyone could truly explain how amazing this book is. It is a fast paced, extremely intense look into the lives of junkies. Once you start reading this book it is impossible to put down. Trainspotting is beautifully written. Irvine Welsh is a genius! I am hooked (notice my email).
0684874350|3.0|If I discovered this book on my own, without all the media hype, I might have liked it better. The danger in media over-hype is my expectations were greater and thus my critical antennae tuned to a higher frequency than would be the case if this were a normal first encounter with a new author. Frank McCourt begins this book with prose that makes me fall in love--\\"The rain dampened the city from the Feast of the Circumcision to New Year's Eve. It created a cacophony of hacking coughs, bronchial rattles, asthmatic wheezes, consumptive croaks. It turned noses into fountains, lungs into bacterial sponges...\\" The first few pages are a feast for a lover of words, but this banquet doesn't continue beyond the first few pages. That's OK. Frank has a serious story to tell and his childhood was no bed of prose. Still I thought he lost control of his story-telling toward the end and simply got tired. The result is a book that goes down hill from a wonderful start. Do I regret reading this book? No. Do I wish the author more success in a sequel? Yes. I think he can do better and I hope he will.
0553274503|5.0|Flowers For Algernon takes you on a journey through anger, happiness, and sadness. This book is amazingly well written. It is a diary kept by Charly Gordon, a man who has lived in two worlds. He begins as a mentally handicapped man and evolves into a genius who soaks up knowledge at an incredible rate. But he must learn how to deal with what he learns about his life. I loved the book so much that I saw the movie too. Daniel Keyes created a masterpiece!
0060168366|5.0|This is history the way it should be and finally is.  Johnson focuses on the accomplishments of a free people, giving the &quot;robber barrons&quot;, religon, and average Americans some well deserved credit.  Johnson is a writer who truly understands the wonders that freedom can produce, and uses America as an example of just that.
0451188470|5.0|This novel is simply a superb achievement. Schine really knows how to turn a phrase and create delightful descriptions and characterizations. Helen is a marvelous creation. Her interactions with Johnny are utterly believable and tender. She deals with the absurdities and unexpected passions of life are approached with humor and respect, portraying their effects in a way that is completely convincing. When I was reading this, I allowed myself only one chapter per night in order to savor the delightful story for as long as possible. I have now recommended it to many friends and have given copies to others as gifts. This is a book that cheers you up with its good humor, real characters, and happy ending. Just terrific. I only wish I could shop at Helen's store for real.
0345349571|2.0|I was really looking forward to this book having read such good reviews, but was totally disappointed. The facts are there somewhere, but buried under so many irrelevant details, in the end I gave up on it. Which is a pity because there are not many books around in English on this era of French history. Definitely not recommended.
031218087X|5.0|Look, it's not Thomas Pynchon.  But Pynchon isn't a fast-paced, suspenseful, &quot;oh-I'll-just-read-one-more-delicious-bite-sized chapter&quot; kind of read.    You buy the book.  You inhale it.  You get a pleasant high.
0312853238|5.0|Those who complain by saying that children are &quot;good, pure, and inspirational&quot; were obviously never children.  The bullying in this book is mild compared to some that I remember from school-- and I'm not talking about inner-city gang wars, either!<BR> I think the sheer number of reviews, good and bad (but mostly 10's), speaks for itself.
0451191153|4.0|Certainly this is a powerful and, obviously, an enduring book.  It is a gigantic, massive moreso treatease than novel.  Every single page is drenched in Rand's philosophy and, after a while you are tempted to go find her grave, dig her up and rattle her crumbling bones and scream almighty high that hey!  I get it it!  OK?  OK?  I understand your goddamn point now could you please get on with it or stop passing off your fifty page novella as a 700-page plus work of fiction and please please please just allow something to happen more frequently than once every fifty or sixty pages?  Also, one reviewer made a comment that I found rather amusing.  Just think about what they said.  Something to the effect that this book changed their life and taught them how to think, told them how to think and not to buy into what anyone else says.  A wonderful moral, but let's count how many of these reviews spout literal gospel of Rand's philosophies.
0812550706|3.0|After reviewing all these glowing reviews, I was expecting an epic along the lines of the &quot;Foundation&quot; series, but instead, I get a little Napoleon who plays a video game and saves the world. And he doesn't even now he does it at the time! Worse yet, his sister and sadist brother  influence world opinon through the web. Oh brother!!! The mildly entertaining ending isn't worth the dribble you endure to reach it.
0440224764|4.0|Usually , I find Grisham's books very simillar and there is nothing new . those who like his books will keep reading and those who don't like him know why the do so . but this book is different , it is much more interesting than those I read in the past and it keeps you in tense along the reading to the surprising end . if only the end was a little more detailed the book would have gotten a better mark from me !
1560100842|5.0|Preston Blair is a minor legend in the field, having animated everything from Fantasia's dancing Hippos to Tex Avery's Red Hot Riding Hood. As an animator for kids' CD-ROMs, I use this book constantly for basic reference. True, it is limited in what it shows, and Blair's own style is deeply mired in decades past. But for providing quick answers to common problems, it's the best I've seen.
031218087X|5.0|full disclosure: dan contacted my after reading one of my reviews and asked me to read his book.  i doubt that i would've picked it up as i'm quite the computer illiterate but this book didn't make me feel stupid...quite the contrary..it really opened my eyes to things that i had only  just suspected....how much of this stuff was real and how much was pure imagination or how much of this will be true in just a matter of years....what a literary romp!!!  thoroughly enjoyed each character especially susan and her ferragamos and david's 'without wax'....hopefully we'll see more of them in future books....keep writing, dan....and fast!!!!!   thanx for such a exciting and different thriller!!!
B0000029J5|5.0|If you enjoy blues or want an introduction to the blues, do yourself a favor and get Keb's CD.  His first CD is his best, but you'll want both.  See him in concert if you can, but, until then, get this CD!     END
044651506X|5.0|Plum Island's protagonist male's humor was delightful.  The author's sense of place and site description grounded the book in a reality that enfolded me.  I also enjoyed the complex and timely plot.  -Marla
0446604844|1.0|I thought I would never get to the end!  I loved Absolute Power and couldn't wait to read this book!  I'm familiar with computer technology and didn't even find that very interesting...I will try one more time with &quot;The Winner&quot; - then on to other authors!
0804102988|4.0|I, too, picked up this book while visiting England to learn more about Stonehenge, Salisbury Cathedral, and the areas I saw.  The stories were interesting, though feebly tied together.  My regret was that he would pull out of the story to give a history lesson, instead of letting the story tell itself.  I am still recommending this book, but only to people who are true Anglophiles.
B00000255X|5.0|Desire is the darkest and one of the most emotional albums you can buy. The violin of Scarlet Rivera adds to the darkness by adding  a turkish, mid eastern feel. A must for ALL Dylan fans!   END
1568493207|5.0|I first read this novellete as an assignment for my 11th grade english class, and I will admit, most of it flew over my uneducated and naivete-ridden head.  Upon reading it a second time as a fully educated and aware 12th grader at my own leisure, and with the benefit of having read about entropy and began the cyclical process of comprehension and discombulation that comes with it, I was, to put it midly, blown away.  I finished the book, and once again suprised that number at the bottom of the page was 154 not 451, I had been bum-rushed by humanity.  This is life, regardless that the story took place in the 1960's, for this story will still be painfully relevant in the next 60's. <BR> <br /> Thomas Pynchon has a death grip on human society and proves it in The Crying of Lot 49; however, instead of the squeezing it and picking out the seeds then feeding it to the reader in a glass, he picks it up and throws it at the reader. <BR> <br /> Such a positive review, but I give this only a 9, because, well, Mr. Pynchon seems to get so involved in his social critism, that he forgets to develop his means: the characters.  I just wish that his characters were used less as an avenue for his theme.  Instead, I wish that he had considered his characters an indepedent entity, then built his story around them. <BR> <br /> Nevertheless, Pynchon is able to keep these characters alive via a life-support of drugs and sex, thereby diverting the reader's attention from the comatosity of the characters and towards the ferverency and vivacity of the plot. <BR> <br /> Very well done.  If only I could write so well.
079073320X|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen. It is Jodie Fosters best performance. Contact presents the subject matter in a believable, intelligent, and thought provoking way. Go see this movie. It will change your beliefs and the way you look at the sky.     END
0345315227|1.0|I had to force myself to finish this book.  It was plotless, predictable, had lifeless characters, and frankly I wish I'd never bought it.  There were way too many dumb references to &quot;quaint&quot; twentieth century things (ie, one character -- who was born in the thirtieth century,  no less -- had to explain that there were no &quot;Star Trek transporters.&quot;  Plus there was a plethora of bad cliches being used, because, predictably, the female love interest was a historian who just happened to specialize in Poole's era).  ARGH!  It hurt my brain to read this book!  Save yourself the bother -- if you absolutely have to read it, just check it out at the library.  At least that way you don't have anything invested in it and you can put it down without feeling like you wasted your money.
0394800184|5.0|When I was a little child my mother use to read me the book,  Are You My Mother.  It is a very cute book!  At the begining of the book a little baby bird can't find his mother, he doesn't even know who she is or what she looks like.  He goes around asking all kinds of things like bulldozer and a steam engine if they are his mother.  At the end he finely finds her.  I think every mother should read this book to there child, because I know that I enjoyed it when my mother read it to me.
0802130208|5.0|Arguably one of the great books, and certainly one of the funniest.  Highly recommended, but with one caveat:  The lesbian assault in the prison cell struck me as gratuitous, mean-spirited and singularly un-funny -- it just didn't fit in with the book's tone.  I wonder if anyone agrees with me?
0517122707|5.0|I've read this book 6 times, including out loud once for a friend.  I need this book on tape!!
0446364495|3.0|I quite enjoyed the movie - so the book can't be all bad!  Nevertheless I found it to have a distinct phoney quality - starting with the author's photograph!  The story is fine, but the way it was written makes me feel as if it was written by an advertising agency.
0684874350|5.0|You brought back feelings long suppressed about being a child in a poor, Irish Catholic family. Words fail me in talking about this book.  Only my deepest of emotions which cannot be conveyed.
038542471X|5.0|Grisham does it again in this heart-stopping thriller about a young boy (Mark Sway)who witholds the important information of the loaction on the body of one senator Boyd Boyette. Only thing I didn't like is the shallow portrayel of the Reverand Roy Foltrigg; it doesn't make him a very formidable opponent when nobody likes him!
0802713319|5.0|This account of the history of Fermat's Last Theorem, and of the history of those who attempted to prove it, is kind to the general reader but unusually comprehensive. If you're one of those tired of references to the Taniyama-Shimuru conjecture that are accompanied by no explanation of the conjecture, read this book.
0517053616|5.0|William Shakespeare's works make sense out of what it is to be alive.  They cover every facet of the human condition, and include some of the most beautiful poetry ever written.  Nobody should ever go through life without reading these incredible plays.  And this edition is an excellent choice; it's not overpriced, it's thorough and clear; and unlike many collections of Shakespeare's Complete Works, you can pick it up and read it without breaking your arm.  Highly, highly recommended.
0679745203|5.0|It is interesting to note that so many of those reviewers who gave this book a thumbs-down seem to be themselves lacking in expressive facility. Perhaps the book bored you because you couldn't get your mind around Ondaatje's admirably creative use of language. BY THE WAY, MICHAEL ONDAATJE IS FROM SRI LANKA, NOT INDIA!
0812550706|5.0|It's hard to imagine another six-year-old, in fact or fiction, with as much to worry about as Ender Wiggin.  One day, he's dealing with worldly bullies.  The next, he's preparing to deal with the alien variety. <br /> Where Orson Scott Card delivers the goods in &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is creating a believable setting and an extraordinary but believable character.  Adding depth and realism to it all are the men responsible for training Ender and his force for the ultimate showdown with their attackers. <br /> The suspense kept me turning through the last page.  To be sure, &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is a must-have on any serious science-fiction reader's bookshelf.
0380973634|4.0|A lot of people are criticizing this novel, saying that there's nothing added to your life after reading it. So what? How about the joy of reading it? Neverwhere starts in a weird way, probably because it's weird to read Gaiman without pictures. But it goes on well, and gets better at each page, with all kinds of mythologies mixed in a kind of organized chaos (I said it was weird). The best thing is that this book is 100% Gaiman. Some say the book has nothing behind the story, that the characters are shallow, adn I ask again, so what? Neverwhere is just what it is, 377 pages of the best kind of entertainment.
067158037X|5.0|Frank detailed the Irish personality completely.  All Irish are creative human beings, because of there experience in having to survive such horrific events in their past.  Remember the story takes place during the famine in Ireland.  Frank McCourt finds the honest side of the Irish child/adult and the uniqueness of the Irish/Catholic no matter how good or bad.  The outcome he scribed is the brilliant spirit.  To break away from such hardship sometimes means doing so in the most sinful, non-Irish/Catholic way.  Frank, great ending!  As children of alcoholic (Irish, Catholic) parents there are so many areas the child has to come to grips with.  Frank in his own family dynamics showed us how the Irish are survivors, through and through.  We have the humor to survive but we have the most important gift, TO BE CREATIVE IN OUR SURVIVING, which comes from our heritage.  Finding ways to eat, stay warm, etc. never would have been possible without the creative force.  Our instincts help us find our creative with humor in our everyday lives.  In my family history, think twelve kids, one income, little nutritional food, watered down milk, juice, Catsup, now noodles, noodles, noodles.  Wow how creative!!  By watering down the rations there is more for everyone.  No wonder I have such a taste for the BLAND!  Think cold winters with shoes that are too small with holes in the soles and toes.  Wow how creative!!  Plastic bags from the vegetables will keep our feet dry!  There are so many examples.  The important thing was not feeling shame for it was replaced by pride in mom's creative.  The gift now plays out in my everyday life and I find myself to be one of the most efficient creative people in my place of work.  I can find a way out of no-way!  My creative and Frank's creative are the product of our heritage.  My parents, being in their mid-seventies, have found their remaining 11 children as friends.  They work hard to put aside their judgements and replace the judgements withpride and recognition that their children are THEIR children.  A lesson learned in this day and age is to not find fault with your children but instead find their beauty.  Don't waste time with (Catholic) judgements because the judgements will take away the time in the future with your children and grandchildren.  Remember they are your children and you have raised them to be wonderful adults.  They are better having come from who and where they came from.  Thank God for all my families' blessings and for all the talents on earth bestowed, no matter how big or small.
0812550706|5.0|I really wish I had read this book while I was being bullied in school. I recognized so many situations and so much of myself in this book. Especially the thinking part. I have always been critical of books that treat children as morons. Children often think just as intelligently as adults but they have less information. This book describes perfectly the ENTJ or INTJ personality of Keirsey's &quot;Please Understand Me&quot;. If you feel at home with Ender, check that book out.
0393307050|3.0|Well written, but I often got lost in the technicalities e.g you often need to refer top the ship layout diagram in the front cover
6300271145|5.0|&quot;Round Midnight&quot; is a film that tells the story of a Black American jazz musician in Paris.  Dexter Gordon plays the lead role, based partly on the life of the pianist Bud Powell. The atmosphere of Paris in the 1950's is beautifully captured in this moving and perceptive portrayal of an artist increasingly isolated from a society that turns its back on his genius. The French director, Bernard Tavernier, has made his mark with this wonderfully reflective and engrossing film.  Jazz movies are rarely this good, and this one is a classic.  It's definitely a must for the collection of all jazz lovers.     END
B000001Y79|5.0|If you've heard their singles and liked them, then you'll love the album.  The songs are unique, the instrumentals truly are original.  I would venture to say that No Doubt's singles are only average songs compared to this album on whole.  I was shocked with how much I loved this.     END
0345373243|4.0|Alright, let's be honest folks. Eddings has once again delivered us a story revolving around the same characters (ie Belgerath, Polgara, Garion) However, these are characters that I for one cherish reading about. It is because of this fact that I do not particularly mind the repitition within the work. I want to hear more about the characters. I like knowing just what is a 6000-plus year old hero doing all that time. Maybe Eddings isn't breaking new ground, but he at least has solid footing. I highly reccommend this novel to any Eddings' fan, but suggest that you wait until reading both the Belgariad and the Mallorean before starting it. Belgarath the Sorceror is an entertaining follow up to these two 5 book series, and answers a lot of questions which were remaining along the way. Also, it makes a nice bridge into Polgara the Sorceress which I am currently reading (which is very similar to the rest of the series as well) To sum up, Eddings' fans who are looking to continue their Belgariad enjoyment should read this work, just don't expect anything new.
0140177396|5.0|This book was just the bomb.  I just can not see how anyone could ever write such a telling, sad, touching, realistic story in just 110 pages.  If nothing else, John Steinbeck was a great man of words; he had a true understanding of human nature.  To disect this book would be a crime.  Just read it and enjoy it for what it's worth.
6301969588|4.0|Freaks, the classic film by Tod Browning, presents a strange yet touching look at the lives of circus freaks and features a cast of real freaks. The simple plot, about a wealthy midget used by a full-size woman after his money, may seem corny at first but presents a tellling message about greed and the criteria that society uses to determine who is considered &quot;normal.&quot;     END
0714837180|5.0|The most outstanding body of photographic journalism to be published yet. Large edge-to-edge photos compliment fold-out pages of smaller images. Salgado has changed the world of photojournalism, the way we look at manual labor, and ourselves.
0446604844|1.0|It was hard to keep reading a book that allows for e-mail to flash on a screen and then disappear.  Techno-jumble aside, there wasn't one character that was believable.  I knew I was in trouble when the hero was a wizard of technology and had a genius for singlehandedly organizing a warehousefull of financial data without assistance.  I had to force myself to the end.
0451191935|5.0|The four novellas that make up the Bachman books are stunning, brilliant, powerful, and a depressing indication of the level of literary achievement to which Steven King could rise when he decided to write something other than horror.  Which is not to say that all of the horror is bad--King is truly a master of the written word, and even the truly bad stuff is brilliantly written--but just that it tends to be limiting, when a writer of this type of talent should be aiming high each and every time out. Most impressive of all is &quot;The Long Walk,&quot; a science fiction novella that is at once a truly gripping suspense story, a brilliant evocation of the adolescent mind (and not just one mind, either), and one of the saddest books I've ever read.  Sure, you can tell that King was still a literary youngster, getting a little overly philosophical at times, but I'll take that King to the talented but bored King of Gerald's Game any day of the week.
1573225517|5.0|In High Fidelity, Hornby delivers the honest and touching (yet very funny) views of a single man in London in the 90s trying to mend a long-term relationship gone bad.  The book is full of silly quotable passages of relationship philosophy and has a playful, though predictable, storyline.  Its descriptions of male friendships are also interesting and entertaining.  The book is a fresh break from heavy reading and made me laugh out loud.  I highly recommend it.
0679746048|5.0|This book is not about a person who has a borderline personality, but about a normal teenager who is misdiagnosed with borderline personality disorder and then is locked up and has to deal with the label she has been inappropriately given.   She makes the point that she was diagnosed in a 15-minute interview by an interviewer who took care to find out that her parents were relatively well-to-do and had good insurance that would pay for a long hospitalization.  I think she makes the point that her \\"voluntary\\" committment was not really voluntary.      Other reviewers seem to be reviewing the movie, which in interpreting the main character as a borderline, was NOT  faithful to the book.      Susanna Kaysen has captured well the nuances of the process through which the institution of psychiatry can be crazy-making for some normal people caught in its grasp.  Her humorous portrayals of the absurdity of the world of the hospital and the surrealness of the situations she encountered there as an involuntary patient some 30 years ago are worth the price of the book.  Furthermore, she details in a poignant way what she lost through inappropriate diagnosis and treatment. Her careful and well-reasoned analysis and deconstruction of the DSMIII's definition of the criteria for the borderline diagnosis should be required reading for anyone with an interest in the topic.
0394800389|4.0|The beauty of this classic Dr. Seuss is in the simplicity of the rhyming text and the accompanying humorous illustrations. Like Seuss' other title, &quot;Hop On Pop&quot;, the controlled vocabulary and clues provided by the illustrations, allow children who are beginning readers to proudly read the book by themselves. Again and again and again, much to their delight! Recommended for children ages 4-8.
0880381736|5.0|I have been fantasy RolePlaying for about 12 years and one thing that got me on that track besides the David Eddings books (Belgariad) was this book. It started a revolution in the fantasy world. Nothing has come close and given so much. The characters jump out and slap you!! Read it now, read them all!! Rastlin, Tas and the others, you will never be forgotten.
B0000013GT|4.0|Outkast MC's Dre and Big Boi drop old-school styles over funky Southern-fried Atlanta beats.  96 hiphop release from LaFace Records -- best track: Decatur Psalm(10). <br /> Cooler than the Fonz, Outkast representin' Georgia - SouthSide... This one also comes complete with the super-dope liner notes/comic book!  Outkast bringing the whole package. Imagine Mint Juleps in July.     END
031218087X|4.0|A satisfying outing, especially for a first time.  A little lean in the technical areas at times, but first rate plot and characters.  Brown will only get better.
0679457313|5.0|This is an extraordinary debut that is notable for its spectacular and fresh writing style.  Roy writes about divorce, sex, politics and caste relations with an openness that is still rare in Indian writing, which will undoubtedly be condemned by the many hypocritical guardians of Indian culture. The story goes back and forth in time, and there are many characters which makes this book a &quot;not so easy&quot; read.   This will be a tough act to follow, but I hope Ms. Roy can keep it up.
0517053616|5.0|I first encountered Shakespeare in the Charles and Mary Lamb adaptations for children.  I was eight. Enthralled by Puck's magic, moved by Cymbeline's plight, and frightened by Caliban's perverse nature, I thirsted for the real thing.  Wading into the lush depths of the plays themselves a few years later, I grappled with the unfamiliar prose. Guides, in the form of teachers and my drama teacher, parted the veils imposed by the passage of centuries -- and soon I was able to venture forth on my own, discovering the treasures that lay in scene after scene, act after act, play after play.  When those strangers became friends, it was time to seek new acquaintances -- and thus did the sonnets enter my life.  Page after page there are lessons in human nature.  Heroes and villains alike teach us about ourselves and the hurly-burly of life itself.  And the more one matures, the more one discovers.  Like a fine wine, Shakespeare's works get better with age.  Like a potent tonic, they nourish the soul.  And like a mirror, they reflect to us the very mystery that lurks beneath our collective existence.
0140013997|5.0|Being a natural history enthusiast and also one to appreciate good, clean humor, this book recieved my undivided attention. Furthermore, it got me interested in Gerald Durrel's style of writing and prompted me to read similar books (Filets of Plaice, A Zoo in my Luggage, etc). The book humorously sketches the simple lives of the inhabitants of Corfu, the Durrel family (including their gradually acquired arsenal of pets), and the diverse Mediterranean fauna.
0440224764|5.0|I too was mesmerized by Mr. Grisham's writing and found I could not put the book down.  Mr. Grisham developed Patrick into a mysterious genious.  Patrick knew the system cold and played everyone like fine instruments.  I loved how Patrick anticipated each move and set up a counter move well in advance.  The ending disturbed me though.  Patrick would not have missed those details.
0880389052|5.0|Mr Salvatore has outdone all other writters with the character Drizzt Do'Urden, most people -myself included stick with a character. This alone sells more of the next books.The only characters ever comming close being the twins Raistlin and Cammorn Majere, but Drizzt after reading the books for the third time definalty has the edge...well done This book is by far one of the best books in the series following the life of Drizzt. This book tuned into a film if done properly could be one of the best films ever made. My thoughts goto Drizzt alone and against all the odds
0517053616|5.0|You can't go wrong with Shakespeare.  He knew people, their strengths, weaknesses, foibles, desires, etc.  He was very familiar with human psychology.  His comedies are hilarious.
0679735909|1.0|An amazingly boring book about obscure, tedious Victorian poets and the obscure, tedious modern-day academics who study them. As parody, it is about 500 pages too long. The author is apparently paid by the word. Life is too short to waste on this book. Read &quot;The French Lieutenant's Woman&quot; if you want a juxtapostion of Victorian and modern times. Unlike this book it's actually engaging.
0425132153|5.0|Do *not* read this book if you're recovering from a cold and can't laugh without coughing -- you'll hurt yourself...bad. I only rated it a &quot;10&quot; because Amazon's rating scale doesn't have a &quot;15&quot; on it. Terry Pratchett's sense of humor is at its insanely logical best, and Neil Gaiman's warped outlook on the world adds a delightfully twisted, make that actually bent, flavor. READ THIS BOOK! You'll never look at your neighbor with the lush green houseplants quite the same way again.
0062502182|5.0|After read the Alcymist, I was totally stunned. The alcymist is not just a book about a shepard and his dream for a better life, true love and following his dreams.   The strong aspect of religous faith and overhuman power centered in a God, gives this book such a contemerary view upon all religion. Because this book crosses religous and culturel borders, and  unites them in an empiric and homest way, it gives the signal that true faith is not a political issue or issue of debate.   Yhe faith you put in yourself and in &quot;a&quot; God is based on the good principles of man...: to love, to help, to be good, to share and to make your own way.  The shepard Santiago is a true picture of a virtous man. A man who strongly belives in his dream, but not in an american way, the dream turns out to be what you were in the first place. The dream is the travel and the travel is the meaning of Santiago's life. And finally;- the travel is the life with Fatima.  hpl
0060392584|5.0|Being a Manson fan myself i found the book to be fascinating. At times I was disgusted, very much ammused, surprised, and delighted to find just how genius he is. Not all my opinions are the same as his, just like all fans, but everyone should give him and his book a try because you just might be able to relate to his point of view.
031218087X|4.0|Brown's writings style feels like a mix between Michael Crichton, James Patterson, and Duke Nukem.  Scenes were moving so quickly, I wished sometimes I was able to yell for the conducter to slow down.  Overall, I liked the novel, both in its premise and in its delivery.  Brown appears to be someone with great potential, if only he can reign in his excitement so that the rest of us can catch up in any given scene.  Now if only I can figure out the secret to his code at the end of the book, I can stop my head from spinning.
0694515302|4.0|He chooses an extremely corny device as a hook to get readers through his premise, but what a premise it is:  Entrepreneurs spend too much working IN their business, rather than working ON their business.  It's a great concept.  I've recommended this book to at least 10 people, who've actually gone out and bought copies for their friends, and so on and so on.  If it weren't for the hokey concept, this book would definitely qualify as a 10.
1853715085|5.0|I really liked this book and I can't wait to buy Marian Keyes's new one! Even though English is not my mother tongue I could understand the language that tells us the situation this girl was in very well. Her pregnancy and the way she handled her adultry husband are shown to us in a brilliant way. It is very much a book about here and now. I liked it just as much as Sisters and lovers by Connie Briscoe, which I couldn't put down either!
0688052304|5.0|The duality of peoples' reaction to this book relates to the difficulty of finding and confronting issues in one own life.  The first three times I attempted to read this I had to give up, but once I made it past (ch. 6?) it was an astoundingly important work, and the entire book, including chapters 1-5, became vital.  Each time you read this thing it seems like a different book!
0887306667|5.0|If you're like me and read lots of marketink books, i have a very good new! This book! It's fantastic and I recommend it very much! It's like many books, very good books of marketing in just one! Go ahead!   You'll like and use it very much!
1883011159|5.0|Political statements are always dangerous: one either completely convinces a reader of one's argument or forever alienates them.  And, unfortunately, the end result is rarely dependent upon the quality or force of argument made by the author, but rather entirely dependent upon the notions with which the reader entered the &quot;discussion&quot;.<br /> Knowing this, it seems that one has to be of a particular mindset in order to enjoy the novels collected in &quot;The Grapes of Wrath and Other Writings 1938-1941&quot;.  The novels of this compilation attack many of the ideals upon which this country was founded -- and they do so by looking closely at those who have never really benefited from those ideals.  This attack is carried out most effectively in the most prominent of the packaged novels: Steinbeck's classic &quot;The Grapes of Wrath.&quot;<br /> At an abstract level, this particular novel is an impassioned plea for change ... one that left many readers at the time of its publication both angry and frightened, and resulted in the book being placed on many academic &quot;Banned&quot; lists, and caused Steinbeck himself to be branded by some as anti-American.<br /> That said, it is my opinion that &quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot; is one of the best novels ever written,  because it tells the story of those most affected by the Great Depression - those who never had much in the first place.  In particular, it focuses on the Joad family as they are forced to relocate to California, to try to find enough work to put food on the table.  Along with thousands of other displaced sharecroppers they are lured by colorful handbills advertising great jobs for all.  California becomes Mecca to the families, many of whom have literally been forced out of their homes.  Desperate, the families sell all of their belongings, buy cheap cars, and begin the arduous journey.  Many do not make it, and those who do find to their dismay that all is not as promised.<br /> This is an extremely powerful novel.  The reader comes to know the members of the Joad family and their friends as people, not just as characters in a story.  We are able to identify with them as they suffer hardship after hardship.  Written in an accessible style, and spellbinding throughout, this novel is certainly a deserving classic, and it dominates this excellent new collection of Steinbeck's fiction.extremely powerful novel.  The reader comes to know the members of the Joad family and their friends as people, not just as characters in a story.  We are able to identify with them as they suffer hardship after hardship.  Written in an accessible style, and spellbinding throughout, this novel is certainly a deserving classic, and it dominates this excellent new collection of Steinbeck's fiction.
0205191584|5.0|In 85 pages of my grammar book, I learned about 5 million different types of verbs. In 85 pages of The Elements of Style, you learn some grammar you actually USE, as well some writing styles to make you a better writer.<br /><br /> In order to understand grammar and style you MUST use grammar and style. Most grammar books don't. The Elements of Style does. It follows it's toughest rule, Omit Needless Words!(Rule Number 17, just in case you wanted to know).<br /><br /> Grammar idiots can read this book and  become a grammar genius overnight, the writing professional can remain a professional in their writings using this book.<br /><br /> If you can only have one grammar book in your lifetime, The Elements of Style is it!
0316920045|3.0|OK, so I'm the last in a long chain of book lovers who have passed on this same dog-eared copy of Infinite Jest, largely unread, with hope that the next reader could better explain why this book is so well received. I was the first in this parade of lost souls to finish, so I get to write the review. Let's see if I can summarize the complaints we've had ...<BR><BR> -- The narrative is always inconsistent (sic), peppered with unappetizing colloquialisms and grammatical &quot;corrections&quot; for its own flaws that draw attention away from the story. It makes the reading experience like driving through fog with Vaseline-covered sunglasses.<BR><BR> -- The text is chronically marred with endnotes that force you to thumb 800 pages to find an insipid observation that had nothing to do with the noted object.*<BR> *The endnotes can be 5 pages long and<BR> footnoted themselves, which still manage<BR> to avoid enlightening the footnoted text<BR><BR> -- The alleged novel is really 17 short stories until around page 250, when it begins to congeal into a textual pudding with clumps of esoterica and pools of brilliant anecdote. And it tastes sooo pretentious!<BR><BR> I'm sure DFW had a great time writing this book, but when does the _reader_ get to have fun?  For the first 300 pages I really wanted to put the book down, run out in the rain and catch pneumonia. But, like all the characters in the book, I became hooked. And therein lies the Jest Infinite (oops, let the cat out of the bag) - we're all a bunch of addicts to reading, and someone needs to come along and create a BA (books anonymous) to help us gain Control over our dependencies. What a powerful force moves us to finish and even believe we liked a book that definitely doesn't like us! The only reason I rate it as high as I do is the payoff you get when you actually finish: the high of reading 2300 grams of pure fluff.
0399230033|5.0|&quot;Goodnight Gorilla&quot; is one of the most magical children's books I have ever come across.  The colors the illustrator uses are guaranteed to draw the eye, but the real joy of the pictures is in their details.  There is a balloon: it floats, gently, page by page, away into the moonlit night.  There are very few words in the story but they are carefully chosen to promote a dream-like almost surreal atmosphere.  My daughter has loved the book since she was 8 months old.  She's two now and still wants to read it to me.  Magic.
0684874350|5.0|I am only one of a legion of readers who have found this book extraordinary in its precision, its eloquence, and at the same time - with every reason for bitterness - its embracing full-heartedness.  Certainly one of the finest books I've read in a long long time.
0060392584|4.0|i think the book is good but I think Manson should have touched more into his philisophical beliefs rather than just his life and day-to-day ethics.
0679745203|5.0|One of the best books I've ever read. Michael Ondaatje is a fantastic storyteller. The narration is beautiful: from the beginning till the end. People, get your hands on this book before it sell out! Two thumbs up!  : )
0440224764|5.0|John Grisham has done it again....capturing his readers heart with 'The Partner'. It was very interesting and quite amusing to me as how Patrick managed to get his way in the end. Get your copy today.....you won't be dissapointed.  ; )
0920668372|5.0|At my high school Senior Breakfast our vice principal that had left us for another job was our guest speaker.  She brought out this book and read it to us to let us know how special we were to her.  That was the first time I heard this story and I had to have the book!  It was so great, I am going to take it to my work and read it to the kids at the daycare!
B0000028RR|5.0|A perfect statement of anarchy and oppression and exactly how to change the world combined with Morello's irresistible guitar style make this a great CD for fans of any band from Chumbawamba to Jimi Hendrix.     END
0517053616|5.0|Don't question it.  As a complete Shakeperean collection, this book is, by far, the best one of its kind.  If you love sonnets, plays, or crave the rush of owning a complet book such as this one, you will undoubtedly enjoy receiving its weighty wisdom in the mail. Whether a curious browser or an avid Shakesperean, you'll find it a literary treasure.
0060392584|5.0|&quot;Long Hard Road Out of Hell&quot; is the honest journey of a man searching for his own soul.  I was surprised by Manson's candor and humor and found many of the issues he deals with relevant to my own life.  A Social Darwinist, as all Satanists are, he rejects any common brotherhood to man and makes his place a lone Neitzchean hero.  At the end of this book I found myself thinking of the line in one of the songs in Pink Floyd's The Wall, &quot;I don't think I need much of anyone at all...&quot;  Wonder if Manson or Lavey have ever studied the apparent contradiction of Neitzche's life to his writings or read Ayn Rand, or seen what kind of uniform the character in The Wall is wearing when he sings the line I mentioned above.  I liked Manson before, now I find him a kindred spirit.  Obviously a very intelligent fellow I'm curious as to what he'll do next and hope he doesn't waste himself with narcotic self destruction.  I couldn't put the book down-read it in one night-and I think this is a 'must read' for any curious human who has ever asked himself the question, 'Just how should I be?'  I especially liked the line about Dungeons &amp; Dragons and virginity.  God Bless Brian Warner.
0451450523|5.0|I remember watching the movie first with my father when I was 5.  I enjoyed the movie at the time for just a simple story, but my dad really enjoyed it and would suggest we watch it if I was ever bored.  How many grown men do you know like to watch a cartoon?  He enjoyed it as much as i did, maybe even more.  Many years later, I was going through his library of books and found it by accident.  I couldn't believe my eyes!  The story instantly came back to me, and even though I knew the ending I read the book.  That was 4 years ago.  I've reread the book many times over and seen the movie many times too.  Someday, I will read this to my children.  This book is a perfect read for young and old alike.  All you need is a love of fairy-tales.  And yes, my dad still suggests we watch the movie.
0465068359|3.0|This is an important book, not so much because of its length, quality of writing, or style &Ntilde; which all could be improved, but because there is so little that is available on this subject and this book is better than nothing. I agree with many of the reviews here and wished that the book was longer, more detailed, and (I would add) maybe a bit more academic. I say this because it is too easy for responsible Japanese officials, not to mention the average Japanese citizen, to dispute the details in the book without detailed proof behind it. This has hapenned more than once by former Japanese Gov. officials who say there is no proof of the so-called atrocities. I have lived in Japan for the last 22 years, and have a number of wonderful Japanese friends, but for the most part they will not discuss in detail any of the following: 1. the poor treatment by Japanese of Koreans who have to carry Korean passports even though many second and third generation Japanese Koreans have never been in Korea (they - on the other hand - have given me many opinions over the years of how poorly America has treated its Black citizens), no will they discuss Japan's war crimes in Asia or China. The practices found in this book could be found almost anywhere the Imperial Japanese Army had gone (some 60,000 men women and children in Manila were raped and murdered on order of the Japanese Command before the Japanese retreated from the city). Atrocities similar to those in Nanking were hapenning before Nanking and after throughout occupied China. I have tried to get some of my Japanese friends to talk about what they know about the Nanking Incident (as it is known in Japan), but one friend told me that its best to not talk about it because of what the right wing might do. The right wing here is strong and can be very ugly, but I am concerned that the Japanese are close to getting away with altering history and eradicated any responsibility for what they did. Here in Japan, there is no wide public discussion of responsibility of the war. Watching the ceremonies every August for Hiroshima and Nagasaki, one would think that Japan had been attacked by the USA and that the A-bombs were something that had hapenned to them. There is no discussion of the Japanese government's responsibility before and during the war. Young Japanese people do not know what their country's role was in WWII nor do they know what provoked the war not what their country did to other counties, and leaders of the government today are too busy visiting Yasukuni Shrine - or trying to - where Class A war criminals like Tojo and others are enshrined, to worry or care about the gap in young people's education. I believe that the Japanese should be made by the UN to set the record straight in Asia, reform their curriculum which does not only cover up the facts, but because of its nature (too much emphasis on authority, retarding individualism, and too much following the crowd) is one of the reasons why the Japanese acted as they did everywhere they were during the war. If Japan does not begin to change its tune and formally appologize to the countries they so violated they should not be allowed a chance at a permanante seat on the UN Security Council, this would have tremendous effect because this seat on the Secutrity Council is what it wants more than anything els.discussion of responsibility of the war. Watching the ceremonies every August for Hiroshima and Nagasaki, one would think that Japan had been attacked by the USA and that the A-bombs were something that had hapenned to them. There is no discussion of the Japanese government's responsibility before and during the war. Young Japanese people do not know what their country's role was in WWII nor do they know what provoked the war not what their country did to other counties, and leaders of the government today are too busy visiting Yasukuni Shrine - or trying to - where Class A war criminals like Tojo and others are enshrined, to worry or care about the gap in young people's education. I believe that the Japanese should be made by the UN to set the record straight in Asia, reform their curriculum which does not only cover up the facts, but because of its nature (too much emphasis on authority, retarding individualism, and too much following the crowd) is one of the reasons why the Japanese acted as they did everywhere they were during the war. If Japan does not begin to change its tune and formally appologize to the countries they so violated they should not be allowed a chance at a permanante seat on the UN Security Council, this would have tremendous effect because this seat on the Secutrity Council is what it wants more than anything els.
0875845851|5.0|If you only read one chapter, just read the last chapter on the case of electrical car. Then you can handle the main idea of the book immediately.
0425129616|3.0|This is very interesting and dinamic book you read breathless.In this complicated story the end is un-predictable.Strongly recomendations.
1883011159|5.0|I, like many, first read this _The Grapes of Wrath_ in high school.  Then, it piqued a great curiosity about recent (this century) American history that my teachers could never satisfy.  A recent re-reading, however, has shown me the great depth that I missed the first time.  Read it slowly, savor the dogged, determined hopelessness that was life for many of our immediate ancestors.  From the sad beginning to the desperate ending, it will teach you, and reach you.
B0000028PI|5.0|The songs on the album are threaded together to tell an excellent tale involving young Steven, an eerie show and an even eerier showmaster. Should be a  movie. Several songs stand out. &quot;Nothing's Free&quot;  shows there are consequences to every choice we make. &quot;Lost In America&quot; a tongue-in-cheek look at  today's societal problems and youth growing up with them. &quot;Bad Place Alone&quot; a trip through the subculture of the gang mentality. &quot;Stolen Prayer&quot; a thoughtful piece on faith and it's basis. &quot;Lullaby&quot; childhood fears revisited. &quot;It's Me&quot; another excellent ballad from Alice. A song of hope. A moral thread runs throughtout this album. Don't let it scare you though. If you would just like to rock and not ponder life lessons, this album rocks!  END
1883011159|5.0|It is surely a shame that Mr. Steinbeck forever will be confined to the archipelago of socio-economico-political literature.  Too often a smug reviewer writes of Steinbeck's &quot;moving&quot; portrayal of the Joad family and their struggle against a growing America.  &quot;Oh, how I can 'identify' with the Preacher!&quot;  HUMBUG.  Mr. Steinbeck wrote words, not ideas.  His art is exquisite and melodious and stock-full of imagery.  His structure, even in the volumunious Grapes, is compact and economical.  His style, even in the scientific Log, is artistic and exact.  And his ideas, even in the idea-ed Harvest, are irrelevant.  Buy this book.  But don't buy it because the blurb on the back says something about the Joads being an American archetype of the twentieth century; instead, buy it because it is literature - American literature - at its finest.  Every sentence.  Every word.
0440224764|4.0|John Grisham is a wonderful author with many good ideas.  This was another example of those ideas and I would like to comment on the end of the novel.  The twist was great.  This book does not surpass &quot;The Client&quot; though.  I recomend this book for anybody who likes to read.
0446310786|4.0|This was a great book that leaves the reader touched.  Im only in 8th grade and enjoyed it tremendously.  The reader feels as if they were right there by the characters' sides.  Fabulous!
0140177396|5.0|this is a really good book. it teaches you a lot about human feelings. at first, I didn't know whether or not I would like it, but then the ending just totally blew me away.
0060925000|5.0|I just finished reading A Suitable Boy, and like others before me was very disappointed to see it end. While the story isn't packed full of action and adventure, it nevertheless grabs hold of you in a quiet and subdued way. I loved the characters and turned each page aniously waiting to see what would happen to them next. While I loved the richness of detail Seth used, I was disappointed and  frustrated by the lack of explaination regarding the customs, holidays, foods, and even style of clothing in the story.  I think my experience reading the book would have been much more enriching had Seth included some definitions. All in all , this is a lovely story and I highly, highly recommend it to anyone who has ever longed to travel to India!
0345423496|1.0|2001 word count: ~75000<BR> 2010 word count: ~94000<BR> 2061 word count: ~94000<BR> 3001 word count: ~67000<BR> <br /> Those are the word counts I get by counting the words in a representative page, then multiplying by the page count (not counting non-story content).  The book really does appear shorter, and I was expecting the comparison to be more dramatic, but you can see the fourth book isn't _that_ much shorter than the first three. <br /> At any rate, this book really only has one character, Poole, and you can't say you know _anything_ about his character after you read this book.  All you know is what happened to him.  There is not even a token attempt to describe what goes on in his thoughts. <br /> Similarly, the story is truly impoverished.  It's barely there.  Just like in 2061, the plot literally has only one element.  In this case:  Frank Poole is revived 1000 years later.  Monolith gets message to destroy earth.  Man destroys Monolith.  An entire one page was spent in the deliberation &quot;how should we destroy the Monolith?&quot;  Surely more creativity could have been applied to this topic.  It seems to me the author just didn't care about the plot.  He only wanted an excuse to describe a few elements of his vision of 3001 society.  And he doesn't need an excuse, really.  He's Arthur C. Clarke!  If he had entitled the book &quot;here's some neat things that might exist in 3001&quot; I wouldn't have started the book expecting what I did, but I still would have bought it and read it. <br /> Clarke says himself that there are inconsistencies between the four books, citing the new information that has become available since the first book was written, not to mention that time has already caught up and passed by some of the events described in the first book.  I'll give him that, no problem. <br /> But there is no excuse for the stories to contradict themselves in areas that were purely the invention of the author!  For example, at the end of 2010 is anepilogue entitled &quot;20001&quot; in which it is indicated that the Monolith guarded Europa at least until then.  It also indicates that the Europans were intelligent, e.g. studying astronomy and having religions.  But in 3001, the Monolith is destroyed, and the Europans have proven to be a dead-end.  According to Halman, they haven't changed at all. <br /> At the end of 2061, there are six towers hooked to the ring around the planet.  In 3001, four.  And at the end of 2061, Lucifer is extinguished.  Yet in 3001 it continues to burn on as a star. <br /> At the end of 2061, Heywood Floyd's identity is copied into the monolith to join Hal and Dave.  But no mention of this in 3001. <br /> A final note:  The characters and society that Clarke creates are contemptuous of all religions.  This offended me.  Clarke is allowed to say what he wants to say about this subject. However, if you would be offended to be told that your religion is stupid, then you will be offended by this book.
0060392584|5.0|I really loved this book, not just because it's Marilyn Manson but because it really makes you think.  But the bad thing is that I took this book into school and got suspended for it because the principal says it's ponography.  This whole book is about how Brian Warner made it through life by doing what he felt was right and standing up for what he believed in and then I take to school and I got suspended and when I tried standing up for my rights I was brought down because of it!  If you don't have this book get it and read it because it makes you realize alot of important things.
0446310786|5.0|This unforgettable novel told through the eyes of a child is moving, compassionate, and touching. It expresses innocence, love, and kindness, but at the same time, shows cruelty and hatred.  It's a masterpiece of literature!
0061053147|5.0|Paul Sammon's exhaustive &quot;Future Noir&quot; easily joins &quot;Retrofitting Blade Runner&quot; as one of the indispensable texts on the legendary science-fiction masterpiece.  The author carefully details virtually every aspect of the beleagured production, from the tumultuous clashes amongst key personnel to the breathtaking and groundbreaking creation of the special effects.  Of particular interest is Sammon's attention to &quot;BR&quot; minutiae: the subtle differences extant in various released versions of the film and the great red herring asking whether or not main character Rick Deckard is himself a replicant.
0394800389|5.0|One reason Dr. Seuss books are classics:  they're as much fun for the parents to read as they are for the kids to hear.  This book is a good time for all ages.  Beginning readers will enjoy trying out the easier sections up front.  Parents, don't worry if your tongue gets tripped up along the way; the kids laugh all the harder when you goof.  Bonus:  if you're having a big party, Fox in Socks is a great sobriety test!
0205191584|5.0|Don't be fooled by its small size.  The content is packed with useful stuff such as guidelines to writing, proper grammer and proper ways to use words.<br /> Ever since I read this book, my grades in English and Classical literature have jumped from a C to an A.<br /> Recommended for everyone, even for the one who writes a memo.
0345350499|5.0|Alright, I'll admit it, I bought the book because my girlfriend told me she loved it, well, since I love my girlfriend, here I am...<BR> I started reading it not really knowingAlright, I'll admit it, I bought the book because my girlfriend told me she loved it, well, since I love my girlfriend, here I am...<BR>  I started reading it not really knowing what to expect but in a few pages I just couldn't put the book down!  I've studied a little about Arthurian legends and started to wonder if Ms. Bradley would change the whole story around, or follow the legends.  I admit that I thought the story started to drift from what I knew, but it didn't matter, the story, the depth at which you get to know some characters such as Morgaine is so awsome that I was happily trapped by Avalon and I ended up crying by the end of the book.<BR>  The most important thing that I learned from the novel is that there is no absolute truths, just because two people think different things, it doesn't mean that one is right and the other is wrong.  I continue to like the &quot;original&quot; Arthurian legends, but Ms. Bradley's version is just as spellbinding and incredible.<BR>  The novel is incredible, rich and touching.  Congratulations to Ms. Bradley on the book, I feel I've lived a lifetime in almost 900 pages, long live Avalon...<BR>
B000002C4J|5.0|I consider this album as one of my best acquisitions to date. I think I like all of it's songs - especially &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; (from &quot;The Titanic&quot;) and &quot;Tell Him&quot; with Barbara Streisand. A must-have CD!     END
0394800389|5.0|This book is great for beginning readers, but I must warn you to take it slowly.  The rhyme is silly, and makes the book lots of fun.  Children will laugh as their parents deal with the tongue twister passages of this book.
031218087X|4.0|Digital Fortress reads like &quot;The Hunt for Red October.&quot; It is a fast-paced story with well-researched technology issues. I began making comparisons between Brown and Clancy about 100 pages into the book. This story, like Red October, grabs the reader by the throat and never lets go. I am usually disappointed with books that lack character development but Dan Brown's story makes up for it. I look forward to more stories featuring Susan Fletcher. Great job, Dan.
0670880728|5.0|If I had to choose one word to describe this book, it would be &quot;brilliant.&quot;  I loved this book.  Couldn't put it down.  Laughed out loud trillions of times.  Buy this book.  You'll thank me!
0679720200|4.0|I like this book. It is a story that leaves an aftertaste that you can't shake off immediately. Try this one out.
0465068359|5.0|When reading the customer comments to this book, I was surprised at how many reviewers opined on the Kirkus Review, either agreeing with some or all of it or (more frequently) vehemently disagreeing with it.  I found that the book could have been a little fuller in its treatment and that 206 pages (excluding introduction) did seem a bit brief for a book dealing with such an important and incredibly undercovered event in history.  This is particularly so given that the coverage of the actual 6-8 week period of terrorism accounts for only 100 pages of the book.  One other criticism was chapter organization.  First comes Chapter 2, entitled &quot;6 weeks of terror&quot;, which describes the Rape of Nanking.  Then Chapter 3 covers an historically earlier event, namely &quot;the fall of Nanking&quot;.  Then we return in Chapter 4 to more about the RON, except now the chapter is called &quot;6 weeks of horror&quot; which seemed simply a continuation of Chapter 2.  Having said all of this, I gave the book a 9 because I agreed with everything the author had to say in her introduction and her epilogue regarding the lack of historical attention paid to this important and incredibly gruesome event, and I think she told the story well, albeit briefly.  Thus, I would recommend it to anyone.
0394800389|5.0|Sure, it teaches valuable vocabulary words and rhyme schemes to tiny tots. And no doubt there's a thesis somewhere comparing hapless Knox to Stalin knocking heads against the  red-white-and-blue American Fox. But *Fox in Socks* is above all other things the first instrument of torture children can use against their parents. <br /> Take Father, tired out from a hard day at the office. &quot;Read me a story, Daddy,&quot; coos his blond princess. Father bravely tries to wrap his tongue around &quot;Luke Luck likes lakes./ Luke's duck likes lakes.&quot; Daddy's little angel chortles with each misspoken word -- and there are plenty of them by the time he arrives at the  muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle battle paddle battle.&quot; She goes to sleep secure in the knowledge that not only can she grow up to be president, but that she's already smarter than her poor parents. <br />  And that's the genius of Dr. Suess. His tongue teasers and outrageous Goo Gooses and Bim Bens and Tweedle Beetles don't just  foster imagination -- they encourage kids to let it run rampant.
0441172717|5.0|This is by far the finest work in SCI-FI writing I have ever read, it even exceeds novels written by Arthur C. Clarke. The person gallery and scenery is descricbed as beautifull as it can be, much like the Hobbit by J.R.R Tolkien. If any one is interested in SCI-FI, this is the book to read.
0451169514|5.0|I personally thought that this was the best, because as a teen, I like reading books that are about teenagers and it wasn't too scary. I liked the fact that even though it was so long, I was able to get right into the book. If you have or will read this book please e-mail me.
0385486804|5.0|Before starting the book, I had already read the magazine article in Outside (that article actually prompted me to subscribe).  I thought I knew as I opened the book, what the whole story was.  By the time I finished the book, not only had I seen a whole other side to Chris McCandless, but had a completely different feeling and conclusion on his story.  Along with Krakauer, I too recognized much of myself within the story.   The book reminds us that there are a great many people out there, and we are all unique.  We all see the world from a different point of view and truly this is a wonderful thing.  Some people test themselves the way McCandless did, others do the same in their own ways with their own goals.  I think what can be said about this book and about people like McCandless and Krakauer, is that it is a celebration of the human spirit - not a condemnation of one man's demise.
0195067142|5.0|sledge pulls no punches whatsoever -- he condemns disgusting behaviour by his fellow marines as well as by the japanese. all those who still think war is glamorous should read this book.
0441003257|5.0|A friend insisted in sending it to me by snail-mail (from UK). Then he kept asking me when it will arrive. Then it finally arrived.<br /> I started reading it on a monday evening. And couldn't sleep until I'd finished reading it.<br /> If you know (and like) Douglas Adams and his Hitchiker's Guide, you'll like Pratchett's flair for british humour (or was it sarcasm?) :-) <br /> P.S.: thank goodness that italian postal system didn't know how good were Pratchett's books, otherwise it might've misplaced them. ;-&gt; P.P.S.: I'm reading &quot;The Colour of Magic&quot;. I'll let you know...
1567312373|4.0|I found this book very entertaining to read, but I have a few minuses to point out: it was a bit drawn-out and tedious sometimes, and changes between the different time-periods could have been handled better. Having said that, though, the authors seem to have done a lot of background research, and create a conspiratorial web to great effect. It is interesting to see how this secret organization, in modern times known as the Illuminati, has moved down through the ages and influenced politics and society. When you read the book you know that a lot is fact, a lot is the imagination of the authors, but pondering where the line goes is perhaps the most intriguing thing about the book, and can really give you &quot;the chills&quot;. Read it - you won't be disappointed!!
0671004107|5.0|I hardly give 10 to a book. This one deserves it.<br /> Whenever a movie based on a book is released, the book gains attention. Usually, movies are better then their book couterparts. This is not the case. The book is much more complete then the movie, it has a scientific approach. Things that couldn't be  used on the movie are available on the book.<br /> The ending, for example, is fantastic. I won't tell you how things end, but the feeling you have after finishing the book is that you left the movie in the middle. It's something you just can't imagine. It makes the book worth to read.<br />
6304504039|5.0|Madonna and Antonio Banderas do  wonderful performances in this film.  I'm not a big fan of Madonna's but I will admit that this film kept me enthralled the entire time.  &quot;I  Would Be Good For You&quot; is done beautifully and &quot;You Must Love Me&quot; is a haunting song during a tragic scene.  I highly recommend this movie.     END
0802713319|5.0|I have never read a book about mathematics that was gripping like a criminal story. But this really is! It is very concise, but on the other hand understandable with almost know knowledge of higher math.
1563523302|5.0|This book is a priceless research document. Its findings in several areas are enlightening - such as how successful wealth builders think about money (a vehicle for achieving the comfort of financial independence, not a tool for satisfying consumer cravings or amassing &quot;symbols&quot; of wealth and status) and how affluent parents raise productive children (stress achievement, teach frugality and saving by example, and do not provide ridiculous amounts of &quot;economic outpatient care&quot; - doing so cripples the recipients).  Those already well-disciplined and well-versed in money matters find this book redundant and light.  For the rest of us, which is most of us, this book changes the way we think about money and guides us towards wiser decisions that will positively affect our lives and those of our children. Whether or not you agree with the lifestyle and philosophy championed by this book, the truth it offers about wealth cannot be ignored.  One of the five most important books I have ever read.
0060168366|5.0|Paul Johnson has written a superb overview of American history.  His views are unabashadly optimistic and often conservative, providing an unusual perspective.  His views of our various presidents are quite interesting -- among our 20th century presidents, he thinks highly of Woodrow Wilson, Harry Truman, and Ronald Reagan, while dismissing John Kennedy.<br />  As he showed in Modern Times, one of Johnson's greatest strengths is the ability to combine descriptions of historical events, broad economic and political forces, and 1-2 page biographies of historical figures (both well-known and more obscure).  The ability to distill the essence of a life into such a short passage adds tremendously to the texture of the book.<br />  All in all, I give this book my highest possible recommendation.  Looking back, this is the book I would have liked to have had when I studied American history in high school.
0517118297|5.0|Why do people still go on reading, quoting and making films about the novels of Jane Austen, a stay at home maiden lady who wrote her books almost two hundred years ago? An easy answer might be the romance and simplicity of the Austen age, where the most important news of the day was the arrival next door of a young, eligible bachelor. It was a world in which overheard conversations at a country dance, the imprudent behavior of a girl at a picnic, or a public snub in the village square would utterly change the course of your life. But this easy answer doesn't really explain the broad appeal of Jane Austen's novels. Her world is so unlike our own, that there simply must be more to it than romance.  The fact is, that in spite of her limited experience, Jane Austen writes with tremendous wit, charm and perception. She appeals to the modern reader because she never minces words. She gets right into the heart of her characters, strips away the veneer of social grace, and makes shrewd observations about love, marriage, pride, snobbery, money and manners. Her opening sentences are a key to the clean, crisp writing you can expect from Austen. Take, for example, the character description that begins EMMA: &quot;Emma Woodhouse, handsome, clever, and rich, with a comfortable home and happy disposition, seemed to unite some of the best blessings of existence, and had lived nearly twenty one years in the world with very little to distress or vex her.&quot; It is the brilliant use of the word 'seemed' that tips us off for the events that follow. In one sentence, Austen has given us a character who is spoiled, self assured and intelligent, and we can hardly wait to find out what is going to 'distress or vex her' in the following pages!  Or what about the opening sentence of her most famous novel PRIDE AND PREJUDICE: &quot;It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.&quot; What a marvelous assumption, and whatdelightful matchmaking schemes and foibles are about to unfold!  Just picking one of Austen's novels at random gives you a wealth of charming observation. Take these thoughts on conversation, from NORTHANGER ABBEY: &quot;He shortly found himself arrived at politics, and from politics, it was an easy step to silence.&quot; ...and from &quot;SENSE AND SENSIBILITY &quot;Elinor agreed to it all, for she did not think he deserved the compliment of rational opposition.&quot; Or how about this wistful observation from PERSUASION:  &quot;One does not love a place the less because one has suffered in it.&quot;  You don't have to be a scholar to understand and appreciate Austen. Her novels will surprise and win over any first time reader, and they have an amazingly good shelf life - they can be read and reread.  Here, in one volume you have a  portrait of missed opportunity in the provocative novel PERSUASION; matchmaking gone awry in EMMA; masterful observations of two sisters and their different approaches to love in SENSE AND SENSIBILITY; snobbery and manners in PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, and more. In short, Austen is a writer you never tire of. This is a must have in any collection, small or large!
0393316041|5.0|Because you keep giving your copy to everyone you know!
055321263X|5.0|I love this book!  I can't say enough to praise it.  It has everything - wonderful characters, suspense, numerous plot twists, and surprises right up to the very end.  A real page-turner that is nearly impossible to put down.
0553214624|5.0|...with characters one, at novel's end, almost feels as if one knows.  Epic in its proportions, the novel spans both the decades and the lives of its characters.  From the first page, with Becky and Amelia's hilarious exit of Miss Pinkerton's Academy, to the end, I found myself truly caring  for the characters and their fates.  Thackeray's style is wickedly satirical and simply delightful.  What a wonderful read.
0517118297|5.0|Austen novels, loved by girls everywhere and parents hoping for literate children, are charming and witty and not as melodramatic as other classic romances can tend to be. This particular collection is wonderful because of its enlightening notes and comments that help orient us as modern readers to Austen's evolving style and social comments. And, of course, it is wonderful simply because it is a collection of novels from a light-hearted and intelligent author.
0385486804|4.0|Into the wild by Jon Krakauer was a well thought out piece. It did a great job of explaining what Chris McCandless did and suggesting why he did it. False conclusions and misconceptions can be made about Chris without having read this book. Krakauer's mountain climbing background gives him more credibility as the author of this piece. I liked the book and the deep detail that went into understanding the thoughts and motivations of Chris McCandless.  C.Cole (Tice)
0684874350|5.0|Even as a very young reader, I found this book to be extrodinary. I was amazed at how Frank McCourt lived through the poverty and tragedy he faced throughout his childhood. I'll be honest and admit that some parts could have been better written, but in a way it adds to a certain flare that exists in his writing. Overall, I found this book to be truly outstanding, and I highly recommened it.
0374266425|5.0|As we wallow within the mire of information, ensconced by our ignorance -- of fact and fiction, &quot;Sophie's World,&quot; like a star upon the blackened skies, twinkles celestially, reflecting truth -- factually.
0694003611|5.0|My eleven month old son loves to read bedtime books and &quot;Good Night Moon&quot; is handed to us time after time to be read.  He is very active, but stops long enough to look at each page.  In other books, he is turning the pages as fast as we can read them.  There is much opportunity for expressive reading tone and pointing out of details.  It is a sweet story that can be read over and over without growing tired.
0385486804|5.0|<br />I really like this book in the perspective that I sometimes feel like the character. Krakauer brought out emotions of Chris McCandless. He expressed it very well. I'm not trying to say that Krakauer expressions of McCandless is right, but to some point it seems reasonable. It is hard for someone to know and understand what someone is thinking. I give credit to Krakauer for having the courage to try to understand McCandless and the courage to write McCandless' mind. <br /> <br /> Chris McCandless' story is very stunning to most people, but to me it's the most amazing thing for someone to have the strength to leave society and come to a peaceful world of his. If one day, I had gathered enough strength to do what Chris did. I would try find my world. <br /> <br />  This book was really amazing and I enjoyed reading it.<br />
0440217563|5.0|The Diana Gabaldon series was the first Time Travel books that I have read.  Typically I turn my nose up at books of such length.  I borrowed the first book and 1/3 of the way through went out and bought all four in the series. My attention was captured from the first page. I couldn't put them down!!!  The way history, romance and suspense is all woven together is just awesome!  I felt as though I was right there with Claire and Jamie in all their adventures.  This is definitely a must read for everyone!!!!!!  I can't wait for the next book to come out!!  Thumbs up to Diana Gabaldon on a teriffic series!!!!!!!
0385486804|4.0|Unlike some other readers, I was unexcited about the thought of reading about how a guy died in the Alaskan wilderness.  Also unlike many other readers, I was pleasantly surprised to find much more than a simple story of a misled man who foolishly died; instead I found myself reading about some issues that made me think.  The fact that it actually happened made it all the more thought inspiring.  How many people would go as far as McCandless did because of strong personal beliefs?  How much would I do to prove something that was important to me?         The content of the book is somewhat disorganized, but it is written simply enough to make for easy reading.  Although the various side stories in the book may seem unnecessary to some people, I got more out of the book because of them.  Comparing and contrasing McCandless with the other people who tried similar endeavors was useful, and I was led to believe that McCandless was in fact not a simple fool for dying.  I can't help but admire his determination; most people who are dissatisfied with modern life don't DO anything about it like he did.  His stubbornness and confidence are viewed as childish and selfish by many, but I think you need plenty of both to make a difference in the world.      The book is worth reading. Krakauer presents his information along with his own opinion of McCandless, but he gives plenty of room for the readers to form their own opinions.  The book inspires plenty of healthy thinking, and one can take a lot of different messages out of it.  It reminds me to live my life as fully as I can without overdoing it.
0385486804|4.0|Into The Wild was by far one of the better books that I have read. I really enjoyed reading about Chris McCandless's journey and his life. The thing that really set this book apart from other books that I have read was how Krakauer implemented other story lines into the book including his own journey. These added storylines made it hard for me to put Krakauer's book down and I never encountered a boring moment.
B000001Y2U|5.0|You've heard all of the hype...now put it aside. Marilyn and Company have pulled the near impossible in Pop Music: An Original Sound.  From start to brazen finish this CD was designed to destroy your ability to relax and be complacent. At the lowest of volume settings it still sounds as if powered by plutonium.  You may hate this &quot;act&quot; due to the overwhelming negative press they receive (as well as create), but I swear to you that this is one of the most unique musical products in years.  If you like it LOUD...Ya gotta do this one!     END
0380725398|3.0|Expecting a story similiar in style to Rebecca, I was disappointed.  Although it was not what I expected, I was surprised I enjoyed it, even though the romance element was definitely hard to find.  In various books the history of smuggling on the English coast has been mentioned and this story centers around these crimes explaining in much more detail.  Therefore, it is an interesting history lesson.
0805241183|5.0|This is the first translation of _The_Castle_ since the 30s and the second translation into English ever. The original translators didn't have a good grasp of the Moderninst project, and they skewed the translation towards a an interpretation of the work as religious allegory. This translation doesn't.
0140186395|5.0|I literally live near Sam Hamilton's and Adam Trask's, just east of King City, so this book is close to my heart. Save &quot;Grapes,&quot; this is my favorite of Steinbeck's novels. His descriptions of the King City-Salinas area are so real. The book was written a while ago, but here, along Highway 25, &quot;East of Eden&quot; lives on. Great book!
0385486804|3.0|Into the Wild was a gripping book but I can't imagine how it became a National Bestseller. I think the book served as a fine testimony as to where the human spirit can take you and the consequences one faces when things don't go according to plan. However, I would agree with many others when I say that I have a hard time feeling a great deal of compassion towards Chris McCandless. To venture into nature and live without bound may be very appealing for some people, but if that is the choice someone makes they must carefully plan their course of action.  I think it is admirable to find so much beauty in the outdoors, but if you disregard nature it can be a very unforgiving place. I don't think McCandless was crazy or the least bit mentally unstable. He was merely a young man who undertook a challenge without preparing adequately.<br />  Krakauer could have conveyed the same meaning in his writing in a much shorter narrative. The book was somewhat tedious at points and I didn't understand the relevance of all of his anecdotes. The book was very emotionally compelling, but after a few chapters it lost some of its appeal. I saw a story about a youth with commendable undertakings that underestimated the situation he was in until it was too late. Chris McCandless' death was very tragic and it was an extremely sad story but what's done is done and all that remains of McCandless is his memory.
0385485786|4.0|THE PARTNER starts out with the hair-raising torture of a thief who has been in hiding for four years. He stole millions of dollars, and people want their money back. So Grisham toys with us; we suspect we're supposed to identify with the thief, but we do so uncomfortably, as we discover he has apparently deceived his partners, and maybe even killed a man, in order to steal close to a hundred million dollars. But as this protaganist fights against formidable odds, Grisham tells the story of the theft, and our comfort level returns. This Grisham hero is similar to others; he is a smart young attorney forced into extraordinary actions by the corruption and malevolence surrounding him. THE PARTNER is one of my favorite Grisham novels because of the way Grisham turns the scenario upside down. We first see the effect of the young attorney's battle against corruption - the cause unravels as the novel unfolds. This makes THE PARTNER one of Grisham's most clever novels, maybe even his best.
0060392584|4.0|This book was a well-written eye opener for anyone, a Marilyn Manson fan or not.  I ,myself a Christian, have always liked how Manson is not afraid to stand up for what he believes in, this book is a perfect example of it.  I encourage everyone to read this book, whether a Christian or not ,for it states many of the problems in todays religious society.
0385486804|4.0|Into the Wild was an entertaining read.  The true story of Chris McCandless's life raises some thought provoking issues that made me sit down and reevaluate my own life.  Everyone has had, one time or another, the urge to throw away civilization for the great outdoors.  This book was very interesting to me because this guy, McCandless, actually answered the call of nature and adventured into the unknown.  Krakauer supplied some examples throughout the book that compared McCandless's story to others that have had made a similar journey, inlcuding his own.  This was, in my opinion, ingenius of him.  It provided me with some pieces of the puzzle of Chris McCandless's character. It was a book that I recommended to my closest friend.
0195067142|4.0|My husband perscribed this book to me after we got married so that I would understand what being an infantryman in the Marines was like.  I was enthralled with the narrative, and my heart broke for what all of the men went through.  I wish this had been assigned reading in high school because my generation really has NO appreciation of what giving your life for freedom means.  I recommend this to any military wife who wants to understand her husband better, and to any parent who wants their child to better appreciate the relatively easy life we have today.
0553328255|5.0|Not just for mystery buffs, this book pleases readers of all types.  Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's writing is rapidly paced and quick witted, never dull.  Often, it is the characters' humour more than the suspense itself that keeps me reading.  The short stories are light and entertaining, and the longer ones are thorough and satisfying. As I read, I find myself trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together, only to be outwitted in the end by the master detective.  Not only does Doyle tell a good story, but he also paints a good picture of life in the 19th century, rather like Dickins, but far less depressing.  A definite read for a lazy day.
0930289234|5.0|One of the truly great works of comicdom. Watchmen shows us the effects of superheroes on a realistic world. The characters are well thoughtout and very real. My favorite chapters: &quot;The Darkness of Mere Being&quot; and &quot;Watchmaker&quot;: the two Mars chapters, sublimely beautiful  If you want a comic book that makes you think instead of shoving misproportioned psychopaths calling themselves ``heroes'' in your face, check out Watchmen
0887307396|5.0|An instant classic for those of us who consult with organizations that seek to improve performance.  Universal principles that have stood the test of time have been presented in a concrete and interesting fashion.  Only three notes of caution are advised.  First, the selection and head-to-head comparsions of the companies presented represents a relatively small sample from which broad and important generalizaions are drawn.  Second, what would the implications be of a &quot;fall from grace&quot; of a company honored with the title of &quot;visionary company?&quot; Finally what if your company,(like a few of my clients)is short term focused toward becoming an attractive take-over target? Do these habits have short term value? This is a book you will refer to again and again.
0425107469|5.0|I've read almost every Dean Koontz book. And I read this one years ago. It really his one of his very best books. You must read it.
0843178140|5.0|How Little Miss Giggles learns to giggle again is one of the best stories in the Little Miss/Mr. series. The supporting characters are funny, and Mr. Happy is a wonderful character. the book is sure to cheer people up, and it makes you wish for more friends like Mr. Happy
1567312373|5.0|IF you like consipercy books, with a demented sence of humor this is it. It covers much of history, and make sthe freemasons look like a poostman in the federal buracrecy. IF you do not mind some lewd scenes, this is great. the aurthers poke fun of evreything  from JFk to themselfs. take your time reading to cath the nuances and the constant change of point of few. not for those easly offened. but great for those that can laugh at themelves
0606045740|5.0|This book was the best Dean Koontz book I have ever read. And Koontz is definatly my favorite author.  I could read this over and over again and still have the chills and thrills that come with the story. I first read this book 3 years ago and to this day I still feel like it is something I lived, something in my memory, something very real to me. The detail that Koontz gives allows anyone with the least bit of an imagination live the story in this book and more.    If you have not read this book &quot;READ IT NOW!&quot;  Kris
6303012140|5.0|Have you ever wondered what the future would look like?  How about in Los Angeles, California-or should I say SAN Angeles?  If you like action, suspense, drama, even comedy you should definetely read this book.  Since you now know about this book, go to a bookstore and buy it!!!     END
0380002930|5.0|if you liked the trilogy of the rings, you'll love this adventure about bunnies (yes bunnies, get use to it) searching for a new home.  My brother almost didn't read it because he thought a novel about bunnies was &quot;the stupidest thing&quot; he ever heard, but after the first chapter, was was pro-bunny all the way.
0064471837|4.0|This book has everything you could want.  Nix has wrote so well, I am anxious for a the next in the series.  Sabriel is not just a book for young adults, this book could be read by almost anyone and understood.  I recomend this book, except that there were parts that are not for young (between the ages of eight and ten) readers.
0786108673|5.0|How Victor Frankl could survive what he did and write about it in such balanced, no-judgemental manner is unbelievable.  Everyone should read this book.
0723244049|5.0|Can Peter outwit the &quot;fierce bad rabbit?&quot; Can he resist the temptation of tender, young lettuces in the cottage garden? Will his mother punish him and his siblings tease him?  With subtle plot twists, ever-present danger, and tempting treats just a twitch of the nose away, a young rabbit can keep the most jaded video game player and special effects junkie of the late 1990's enthralled. Young or old, this wonderful collection of tales and beautiful illustrations is a delight that you'll revisit again and again. <br /> Disney's mouse marketing and f/x might roar, but Peter Rabbit, in all its imaginative simplicity, will charm and enchant in unique and always surprising ways.
0553573403|5.0|Unlike many generic fantasy series, in which a varied bunch of noble adventures go on quests and confront evil mano-a-mano, this well researched novel take a good look at how crisis are really resolved in feudal societies.  The protagonists don't waste their time sneaking around enemy strongholds: when the time comes they call their banners and march for war.  Big war, in all it's ugliness and chaos.  I found it very refreshing.<br /> The level of complexity in this novel is very well developed, but that's nothing new in the field of epic fantasy, yet unlike any other fantasy novel (with the exception of Tad Williams, but his is a totally different style and should not be compared) Mr. Martin's world is believable, both in its beauty and with all it's warts, flaws, and cruelly.  I recommend this novel above any ongoing series.
0385472951|5.0|I greatly enjoyed the Partner by John Grisham. It was a book easy to pick up but hard to put down. During the 1st half of the book I had a rather low opinion of Patrick but as I read I became rather fond of him. I never could understand how a person with with the brains he had could put all 100+ million dollars into the hands of one person.He put himself totally in her control and he had no recourse when the money walked. I hated to read the final pages as I knew what was going to happen to him. I guess that old saying,&quot;What goes around comes around,&quot; applies even to charming crooks.
0517118297|5.0|Jane Austen represents the best of classic literature--she has a great reputation, and she's fun to read.  These novels are romantic, funny and touching, and instead of raising their eyebrows because you're reading romantic fiction written by a woman, parents and teachers will be pleased by your quality selection.  Austen created characters  that are believable in both their strengths and foibles and her heroines are ultimately sympathetic, and some how very modern.  It is easy for a woman in our times to relate to them.  Try these--you'll like them.
1572522089|5.0|Ran, meaning chaos in Japanese, perfectly captures the spirit and atmosphere of this film.  Essentially a Japanese version of Shakespeare's KING LEAR, RAN follows the story of the Great Lord Hidetora, who decides to divide his kingdom among his three sons: Taro, Jiro, and Saburo.  What occurs is the systematic and tragic destruction of Hidetora, his family, and his kingdom as the sons continuously conflict with each other.  Deep emotion and stunning action scenes accentuate the violence and tension of the film.  One of Kurosawa's last films to date (after all, he has been directing since 1946), RAN is also one of his greatest, easily on par with RASHOMON, THE SEVEN SAMURAI, and YOJIMBO.  The only missing element is the late, great Toshiro Mifune in the lead.     END
156511129X|3.0|I don't see why this book is rated so high among readers.  I would say it's average at best.  I read both Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice in the last week.  If you have time for only one of them, read Pride and Prejudice, it's much better.  In Sense and Sensibility it doesn't seem like you get to know the characters as well as in Pride.  The novel seems to drag along for way to long before anything happens in the last few pages.  I know the novel has a lot to do with people trying to marry rich, but the focus on money seems to be more prevalent in Sense than in Pride.  It's a decent book, but there are others I would rather pick up.
0517118297|5.0|This collection of works, from one of our best loved authors, is a worthy addition to any bookshelf.  Austen's heroines are more than young ladies embarking on the marriage market; they are young ladies who must learn how to live and love within the confines of their world.  While the naive exploits of Catherine Morland and Marianne Dashwood provide amusement and astonishment to the reader, heroines such as Anne Elliot and Elizabeth Darcy often exhibit grace under pressure.  All of her heroines suffer from their own faults and inexperience, but they are willing to learn and grow.  Her heroines are not perfect but they are real.  In the end, in true bildungsroman style, they are rewarded for their newly discovered maturity.  Aside from her heroines, Austen is probably best known for her comic creations.  Who can find much fault with Emma Woodhouse when introduced to the society in which she lives?  Characters such as Miss Bates and Mr. Woodhouse illustrate Austen at her best because they demonstrate her astuteness regarding human nature.  These characters invite both laughter and sneers of contempt, as we recognize those traits in the people around us.  This understanding of human nature has allowed Austen's novels to remain popular nearly 200 years after her death.
B000002HJD|3.0|This is of interest to die-hard Doors fans only. I am a Doors freak. And a Jim Morrison fan IN THE CONTEXT OF THE DOORS. Without the Doors Jim wouldn't have amounted to anything (especially with his lack of self-discipline). He was a mediocre poet at best. This collection's high point is the &quot;Road House Blues&quot; live Doors rendition. Not the poetry. Jim's editor at Simon and Schuster who worked with him on his poetry said this (in the book THE LIZARD KING): &quot;I found his poetry interesting. SOME OF IT'S VERY BAD. I suggested taking some of it out, but he didn't. We changed the order. I made some suggestions. `The Lords' was not so good and I thought we should cut some of that out. He didn't want that particularly, but we did some reorganizing.&quot;  That about sums up Jim's poetry. (I'll admit he was capable of the occasional short gem). Listen to the Doors music. That's Jim at his best. Not his poetry without the music.  END
0061002747|5.0|One of Christie's characteristics is that she likes to keep you guessing while trying her utmost to surprise you.  The cleverness with which Poirot solves this case at the request of M. Bouc is amazing.  This was one of the first Christie's I'd read over 20 years ago, and it made me a fan for life.  This is a &quot;must read&quot; for any murder mystery fan; I believe it is my favorite of all her works.
6303567126|5.0|If Leonardo diCaprio had not already made this film, he would be cast immediately for the role of lifetime. Mr. diCaprio's performance as the lanky, audacious, and attitude-heavy high school basketball player whose descent into heroin-hell is the true story of the author, Jim Carroll, can only be described as superb. As often as diCaprio is cited for his Titanic performance, &quot;Basketball Diaries&quot; is one for his resume of fine, solid performances. With cameras in streets of lower Manhattan, the junkie life of a street urchin is neither fun nor games, it is pathos and crime. Teens who flock to diCaprio films should see &quot;Basketball Diaries&quot; as a point of information. When the glamorous veneer of heroin and cocaine wears off, all that is left is the sight of diCaprio -- frothing at the mouth, twisting, and screaming in pain as the cold turkey rehabilitation program of friend, Ernie Hudson takes over his body. Most young girls, the rabid diCaprio fans, would find this scene too realistic and too ugly. But that is what the author intended. In a too brief cameo appearance, Carroll's words are at times glorious poems of haiku grace, but his own speed rap about his memories of a Catholic ceremony is a monologue chilling in its irony, for he is cooking up to fix while he speaks. Fine performances from the young supporting cast including a thuggish Marky Mark Walberg and a heart wrenching Lorraine Bracco as the mother who can do nothing for her son but call the police make &quot;Basketball Diaries&quot; worthy of everyone's attention. END
0399142851|1.0|Not as bad as &quot;Cause of Death&quot; but that's not saying much.  Perhaps it is time for Dr. Kay Scarpetta to hang up her bread knife. As her stories seemed to take a progressively quick decent into mass market appeal, Cornwell was at least able to maintain the reader's interest with her fine attention to pathological detail.  But now, not even those intricacies can save her absurdist plot decvices.  Over the last decade, Scarpetta has developed into some ridiculous caricature of herself; a superhuman one woman army.  I'm not even sure why the FBI is even bothered with.  And just as a sidebar--why hasn't the Commonwealth fired Scarpetta yet?  With all the time that she spends volunteering for the FBI, does she even have time for her real job?  I have only read of her performing her duties as ME on a handful of occassions. Also, where does she get all her money from?  Expensive house, expensive car, and no financial cares in the world.  Wise investments?  Indeed. I know ME's in major cities and they don't make that kind of money.
B000002HFU|5.0|Absurdist dada rapper ODB - aka Osirus, the one man hiphop army, goes buck wild on this 95 epic rhyming saga.  Usual suspects, the GZA, Killah Priest, Chef Raekwon, Ghost Face and Method Man join the fun on Return to the 36 Chambers.  With the universally accepted Wu stamp of approval, Ol Dirty Bastard busts out as the shaman, the medicine man and the Wu Tang jester!  Much, MUCH ruckus on this one! ODB keeps it honest and painfully real on this classic hiphop snapshot.   In the tweaked Grammy-microphone grabbing world of His Dirtiness...everything is possible and all whims are encouraged and pampered.  Hiphop tragedy and walking timebomb, turn the volume up! You can feel the desperation and you will feel and experience the burning-comet brilliance of ODB's explosive jams! Ye Olde Dirty Doggie, the one and only certified and psychotically humorous mad styly crazy Brooklyn rapper!  The Lenny Bruce of rap; frankly -- I must say, We're not worthy!    <br /> Take the Bastard home!     END
0316920045|5.0|The title says it all! It sometimes seems as though the joke is on the reader. This meandering story  takes forever to read and, yes, study, but is well worth the effort. It's the type of book that I plan to read again, someday, like when I'm retired and have great vistas of time to fill.
0553573403|5.0|&quot;A vast, rich saga, with splendid characters and an intricate plot flawlessly articulated against a backdrop of real depth and texture.&quot; This is true but way to calm. I would say that this book is EXCELLENT. A must read for anyone who like deep characters, a rich world with a well developed political and historical structure. I am waiting for the next book. Hurry up!!!!
0316153834|5.0|&quot;The Concrete Blonde&quot; was the first book I read  by Michael Connelly and the Bosch character fascinated me so much that I bought Connelly's other books. There is reality in Harry Bosch and the characters that surround him, a refreshing change from most of the mysteries I have read.
0684833395|5.0|It takes a stroke of literary genius and some very real writing ability to attack war with a weapon like humor- but in Catch-22 Joseph Heller pulls it off admirably. It is a mark of Hellers skill that he can make a book this funny and yet not forget what he's writing- a tragic novel about the horrors of war. This book manages to be funny and appalling at the same time. A modern masterpiece of anti war fiction.
0553278223|2.0|Novels are written everyday by countless authors. Some are tasteful and some are not. Ray Bradbury, known for his skillful blending of fancy and satire, terror and tenderness, wonder and fantasy, has written many novels which have made him the master of fantasy and the greatest living science-fiction writer in the world.   The Martian Chronicles begin on Mars where first contact is made by the Second Expedition, led by Captain Jonathan Williams. The Second Expedition is unsuccessful like the  one before. The missions end in terror for both crews. No one knows if the First crew even made it to Mars; however the second crew is shot in cold blood by the very Martians they had hoped to communicate with. The Third Expedition also meets the some fate as the other two, but this time there are survivors who pave the way for the colonization of Mars. The Martian civilizations lay in ruins caused by disease brought on by Humans who came to settle the new world. As The Great War breaks out on Earth, giant explosions can be seen as far away as Mars. People of Mars rush back to their home planet Earth to protect their nation against others who might want to destroy it. All is lost, and both Worlds lay in ruins.  The author leads you to a unique twist in the last sentence of the novel.  It reads, \\"The martians stared back up at them for a long, long silent time from the rippling water.\\"  One of the last remaining human families escape to Mars, where they make their new home. As they watch their reflection in the rippling water, they know that from this day forth they are truly Martians.  Bradbury's science-fiction novels are really a cluster of short stories which make up a novel. The 26 different chronicles share nothing except they either take place on Mars or Earth. They really are a cluster of short stories which describe the history of Mars, starting from the year 1999 and ending in the year 2026.  It was a great disappointment from what one expects of this author. This novel does not live up to his unique w!riting ability. The Martian Chronicles starts strong but dies as it jumps from one chronicle to another, a poor ending to a great start. The Martian Chronicles is one fantasy-story which a die-hard science-fiction fan can do without. This writer owes apologies to everyone. It's the least one should expect after reading this novel.
0312962118|5.0|From page one of Snow Wolf I was completely captured by the story.  The action and suspense of this novel were non-stop.  This being a first novel I am looking forward to more from this author.  What an action movie this book would bring to the screen.  I don't know how accurate the story line is in relation to actual history but it defintely made a good tale.
088708026X|4.0|My dau is facinated by the moon so this is a perfect book. I like that it explains that the moon shrinks and disappears, only to reappear. She looks forward to this every month. However, I think the large hardcover book is very overpriced. Also thinka book board would have been great for small kids (like mine)!
0140072187|5.0|This book sums up that little conflict in aisa that some people wished had never had happened.  It's follows the the day to day training, living, breathing of a young man full of ideas, hopes and dreams. I am only 28years of age and after reading this book it felt like I lived it!. To anybody out there who thinks that there is some form of glory in war take your eyes away from the computer screen and read this book, You will be this mans shadow, you will be in the copilots seat. Robert Mason thank you for writing this book, it's a pity things did not go so well after your tour (mind you, after all these '10' ratings I'm sure things have changed alot sience than) Best Regards M. Lyons
0887306667|3.0|Enforces the Keep It Simple Stupid principle.  The book is aneasy two hour read.  Covers some interesting points that are worth reminding yourself about from time to time.  A marketing bible it is not, a guideline and thought provoking text it is!  I feel if you have read Crossing The Chasm, Geoffrey Moore, you will blend these laws in well to come up with a total picture of the product marketing life cycle.  Bob Ballantyne
0151003084|5.0|Delightful and twistedly humorous. Gorey's schoolboys and schoolgirls meet with their demises in very unique ways. The illustrations are of course fabulous. I have the &quot;1998 deluxe engagement book version.&quot;
0385472951|3.0|the book just plods along. the language is very simplistic throughout. there were never any points in the book where i just &quot;couldn't put it down&quot;. the story logically unfolds and you just keep waiting for somthing to pop, but it doesn't. the ending was as blad as one could imagine-similar to the Firm. i think a good screenwriter could probably breathe some life into it.
0517591812|2.0|The opening chapters were fairly interesting, but by the time I was half-way through the book, I found that it was not holding my attention.  Though the book seems exhaustive, in fact most of the subject matter (and the characters) are glossed over.  I found the chapter about the Elizabethan theatre so annoying that I pretty much gave up on this one.
0451191153|5.0|In reading the reviews of this book, I found that many sounded incredibly alike.  The people who rated this book highly all spouted the same praises - &quot;this book changed my life,&quot; &quot;it will force you to look at yourself differently.&quot; etc.  Those who did not like the book also said many of the same things - &quot;unrealistic&quot; &quot;boring&quot; &quot;too long.&quot;  One thing which Rand states in her non-fiction writing is that each individual has the right to form their own opinion.  I find it interesting that so many have the SAME opinions on this work.  <BR><BR>  To address a few comments made in earlier reviews... Novels do not need to be about REAL characters, nor about REAL events, in a REAL world or have to do with anything considered REAL by current standards.  A novel is a work of fiction.  Nothing in it needs to be based in reality or in believability.  Rand used her novels to bring the fundamentals of her philosophy to the public.  This is an impossible task to do by using REAL characters.  The only way to illustrate clearly is with charicatures... kind of like Nietchze's ideal man... these archetypes will never exist, they are there for inspiration and aspiration.  As for realism in general as it relates to fiction... and this book... will anyone dare to say that George Orwell's &quot;Animal Farm&quot; was REALISTIC?  I mean, hey, it took place in a farmyard, with pigs being the governing officials.  To me, this is more than unreal... it is absolutely crazy to expect that anyone will actually think that pigs could become such incredible politicians.  Yet, we read it and learn various things from it.  We can do the same with Rand's books.  Admittedly, the writing is difficult.  The things she says are in discord with many things we are taught from childhood.  The biggest of these is the concept of the individual.  The part of the book which I feel exeplifies that concept the best is the scene before Dominique leaves Rourke's apartment after she married Keating.  The scene where they say that they love each other.  Rourke says &quot;To say I love you, one must first be able to say the 'I'.&quot;  For me, that means that before you can call any feeling or opinion you have valid or real, you must first acknowledge yourself.  The way you think, the way you work.  You need to discover your own self before you can actually feel anything with it.  This applies to reviews of books as well.  Rand said that she did not like reading Victor Hugo's work.  She disagreed with what he had to say, but she can not say that he was a bad writer... she has acknowledged his tale! nt at what he did aside from the fact that she did not care for his works. <BR><BR>  If you are thinking of reading this book, please, decide for yourself if you want to expose yourself to something new which you may or may not like... which is essentially the case - the decision you must make - with everything in your life. <BR><BR> And, as so many have stated, if you have any questions or comments which you would like to discuss, feel free to contact me.
B0000009SY|5.0|Joe's Garage was an epiphany for me.  After I heard it for the first time, I was a changed man.  Women found me sexually attrative.  I opted to learn a foreign language.  I never looked at appliances the same way since.  One more thing: It looks just like a Telephunkin U47...     END
0517118297|5.0|Ol' Jane comes in for a bit of stick, these days, what with pre-feminist theory and post-modern analysis: she's been seized by the acadmeics on one hand, and the romance-seeks on the other.  So people tend to presume she has little to offer the  non-specialist late twentieth century reader in terms of identification and insight. Well, au contraire, as they say down my local wine-bar! Ms Austen is a bitingly acerbic social commentator: few escape her acid observations - good characters and villains alike. Okay, so her world is small, but hey - so is Jackie Collins', Toni Morrisons's or any dozen other contemporary novelists' milieu. We all write what we know and, in a greater sense, if the writing is up to it, communicate on a level far deeper and more globally profound than the mere contrivancies of the plot and setting. I know it'sa early nineteen century England but, hey, do people change that much over time and space? I think not; the human condition is universal and tediously constant. From strong Emma in the eponymous novel, to quietly sardonic Anne in Persuasion and on through the entire Bennett family, Austen's characters transcend their era and make me laugh, cry and giggle at thjeir wit and observations.  So the next time you go to turn your nose up at Austen as either too highbrow, too romancy or just too dasn out of date, give the lady a second chance, eh pal?  Nearly two hundred years on and she can still write the pants off most twentieth century novelists.
0151001820|3.0|Club Dumas entertains with its sundry of interesting information about Alexander Dumas, his serials and the selective world of the rare book.  The occult undertones and puzzles added extra tantilization.  But other than that, the story of a jaded book detective, his penchant for a mystery Lolita and their involvement with a group of characters who have confused their identities to the point where they are acting out parts of Dumas' 3 Musketeers, was trite and like the outcome in  'The Flanders Panel' predictable.  Rebirth occurs in the onion layers of young flesh?  Come on-what were all the spectacular reviews about? Methinks most folk assume that when they read a novel with the scholarly undertones of Umberto Eco, automatically they have 'arrived' on that plane where those who prefer the commercially successful genre of Grisham et al can never reach.  This author exploits that need for pseudo intelligence.
0679457313|4.0|Fun to read; halting style of narration that seems to cough words from a swallowed heart.  Emotional story about love, family, social rights and obligations.  Very fast read; once into the rhythm I could not put this down.
0440211727|2.0|The worst book I've ever read.  Insipid, shallow, ridiculous plot.  If you want your intelligence to be insulted pick up a copy.  John Grisham should not have given up his day job!
0425156842|4.0|It's ironic that so many of the American reviewers think so little of this book. Though the Kirkus Reviews anticipated this by calling American readers &quot;too savvy&quot; to enjoy this, I think they are bit off the mark. Americans may be too shallow or contemptuous of the esoteric. This is a novel for more refined tastes and interests; it is not for the sensationally superficial reader needing airplane reads, blatant sex, violence, or gore. it is more like a European film. Though genuinely unique in its approach, it can get a bit pedantic. However, if you are a thinker, or a blossoming thinker of any depth, there is a remarkably childlike effect at work here.
0395645662|4.0|This book is yet another example of Lois Lowry's wonderful work.  Her novel deals with the importance of memory and of the necessity of recognizing change -- the concept that life doesn't stand still.   <br /> In this novel, a young boy becomes the holder of memory for a society.  He must learn to deal with the pain and pleasure that has accumulated over the years.   <br /> The novel is vaguely similar to Ayn Rand's Anthem.  It includes the theme of free thought and is set in a society where your life is chosen by the community.  It is, however, more realistic psychologically speaking.  In Rand's novel, the setting is an oppresive one in which the main character is unhappy with his life even though he does not realize that there is indeed a different manner of living, and somehow manages to instinctively change his lifestyle to Rand's ideal.  In The Giver, the main character doesn't realize that another manner of life can exist until he actually experiences it.  For example, the society had managed to lose the concept of color, and while the main character notices it, he has no idea of what is going on.  It isn't untill someone explains it to him that he can specifically say why some object appears to be different from another while the shapes may be the same. <br /> This novel is very original, and very well done.  I would definately suggest reading/buying it.
0679735909|4.0|In this novel, Byatt keeps the reader entranced with the developing mystery/romance of two couples from differennt eras. This reader read eagerly and sometimes  impatiently for the outcome of the love &quot;quadrangle&quot; of sorts that occured between R.H. Ash, LaMotte, Miss Glover and Ellen Ash. The ending was supremely satisfying both in regards to the Victorian Era story and in the parallel investigation taking place in the modern day England of the 1980's.  What sometimes hampered the story were the intersperal of large tracts of poetry and correspondence laden with mundane philosopical discourses on whatever interested the poets of the Victorian age.  Perhaps on a historical level this would have been fun and interesting to read... but to someone who was interesting in &quot;getting on with it&quot; , this reader often felt irritated at the prospect of reading yet more obstacles hindering the eagerly awaited  reward at the end.
006109594X|4.0|Great story even though the antagonist's role is a little unbelievable.  What is not unbelievable is that someday soon our fleet may be hit.  As far as I'm concerned, all these negative reviewers can take a flying leap.  I was glued to the book for a week.
0273617109|4.0|The information provided in this book is wonderful for anyone having to do serious presentations and problem solving. It is dryly presented but worth putting into practice. The reason I didn't give it a 10 is the price
6302814782|5.0|My favourite film ever.  Horror, comedy, romance and suspense all roled into one.  Plus Kiefer Sutherland is very sexy as a vampire!!     END
0688062334|5.0|I love this book so much. It is my most favorite book in whole world. As you read it, you can hardly tell that Sophie has been turned into an old lady. My favorite parts are when Howl takes Sophie and Micheal into the real world and when Howl is fighting with the Witch of the Waste. I think that Mrs. (Ms.? I forget.) Diana Wynne Jones wrote a great book.
006017322X|5.0|How can anyone top the remarkable &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot;? seen through the tender eyes of young Scout Finch,  Lee unfolds the story in a beatiful way. The story was one of the most emotional and heartfelt stories ever. Anyone who thinks this book is too slow had book attention deficit disorder. It was PHEONOMAL. YOU MUST READ IT!
0517118297|5.0|Jane Austen's piercingly accurate yet genteely witty observations on English society are as fresh and funny today as they were in Austen's own time.  Here, collected in one volume, are all of her charming, vibrant and facinating characters from the arrogant yet lovable Mr. Darcy in &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; to the adorably misguided but well meaning Emma in &quot;Emma&quot; There are no clunkers in this collection.  Each of these novels is a joy to read and re-read. Austen's prose and character development are superior and her plots never disappoint.  Villains are punished, heroines and heroes eventually triumph and romances work themselves out in humorous yet realistic fashion.
1556154844|5.0|I haven't done much programming for over 10 years now, so I needed a quick tutorial and reference guide, to help me write readable, maintainable code without taking forever.<br /> This book seems to have done the trick. I had gotten stuck, thrashing, unable to make some seemingly trivial yet pervasive decisions.<br /> But this book gave me some very practical guidelines, anticipating basically all of my questions (this was a pleasant surprise), so I could stop wasting time and move on.<br /> Examples: how to think about the criteria for dividing C language routines up into modules based on information hiding, how to name the routines and module data structures to clearly emphasize the module relationships, and how to solve some cross-module problems (e.g. create a new module Z, out of the problematic routines from modules X and Y, if they depend on each other's internal data).<br /> Also, how to move the most infrequent &amp; error conditions out of line to the end of complex conditionals, so you can improve both readability and performance, by grouping related statements and assignments together as closely as possible.<br /> The book is full of practical solutions to relevant problems like these, for any procedural language (code examples are mostly in C, Ada, Pascal, BASIC, or Fortran), or object-based &amp; object-oriented languages (some C++ examples are included too).
0670880728|5.0|I must dissent to the Singaporean's evaluation &quot;Pathetic.&quot; Now, I did object violently to &quot;The Bridges of Madison County,&quot; a shameful compilation of trendy types (rugged photographer, forlorn Italian woman) and fashionable traits (smokes but does not eat meat, slow dances, is the uber-lover) exploiting the conditioned uniformity of plebeian thought, and condoning adultery to boot.  But despite the surface similarities between Bridget Jones and Madison County (e.g. a &quot;chick book&quot;, riding on contemporary reference, hinging on romance, etc.), Bridget Jones does not ever attempt to exploit a person's intelligence or lack of it--rather, it I would not say Helen Fielding's work helps us realize that our own empowerment is transient (it disappears when a sensitive nerve is touched) and, happily, so is our melancholy.  The first-person, diary format of Bridget Jones helps us enter a mind in a variety of psychological states, and thus helps us validate our own divergent psychologies.  But don't get me wrong-- I would not say that Helen Fielding's work is &quot;Brilliant&quot; in the sense that Henry Fielding's work is so, but Bridget Jones' Diary has no pretensions to be high art, and so should not be judged according to such standards.  Absence of pretension is the work's particular merit.  If the work is even semi-autobiographical, the author has shown great courage; if it is a fiction, it enters successfully into the vicissitudes of pride and shame, confidence and dismay, that all of us experience in varying degrees.  I would never share my journal with anyone.  This is why Bridget Jones' Diary is a refreshing, encouraging read for any young person, even a man (I am male and a graduate student of English literature) who has been known on occasion to be an &quot;emotional f***wit&quot; to women.  In a sense the book leaves you saying &quot;At least I'm not as bad as this,&quot; while also reminding you that you are something like this, that you are inconsistent, that you have your foibles, though you conceal them to the best of your might.  I have some admiration for the author especially for her somewhat Jamesian ending: not what you'd expect, nothing given away, neither just desserts nor a fairy tale gratuity.  I give the book a 9 rating for all these reasons, and I only give the book a 9 rating because 10 is superlative.  What's most important is the book's comic value: for that alone it is worth reading.
630438551X|5.0|I thought the movie was great, both Claire and Leo are great actors. I reccomend it to anyone.     END
0670880728|5.0|After reading Bridgte Jones's Diary in the Independent (London) for two years I was ecstatic when the book came out.  This is so true to life it made me laugh out loud on an airplane, prompting a Bridget Jones like experience when the man sitting next to me gave me his phone number.  Read this book and then loan it to all of your mid-20s friends.  It is even more funny after living in London and having had similar experiences.
0688002307|1.0|<br />(with apologies to Pirandello)<br /> Isn't it lucky that Zen patriarchs tend to be an enlightened lot, with an active sense of humour? If they weren't, I have no doubt they would sue Pirsig for libel. What this book contains is all the froth and gibber that you have to dispose of before you can discover Zen.<br />People have a habit of saying that books they like 'changed their life', and this book gets a lot of that. Personally, I find that any book worth reading will change my life. This one didn't.<br />Zen and the Art of Lacklustre Hippiedom has all the philosophical insight of Sophie's World, and all the entertainment value of the Boston Telephone Directory. So yes, I suppose it has some redeeming virtues.<br />In short, a best seller.
0684833395|5.0|This is simply the best book that I have ever read. In more ways than one you connect with the characters and their dillemas, you will feel like you are there with them.  You will feel like you know Yossarian, Major Major Major, Hungry Joe, and the rest of the characters as well as you know your best friends.  Words cannot describe how great this book is. Joseph Heller's  confusing non-logical style of writing only helps to emphasize the absurdity and complexity of war, making you feel like the lunatic Yossarian yourself.  If you hate war or if you love war, you will love this book.  By the time you are on the last page you will never have felt so sympathetic and connected to anyone as you will to the wise ass, hillarious, crazy, lunatic, sorry SOB's that are in this book. Read it.
1558216847|5.0|By merest coincidence, I read this book immediately after finishing the trendy new work &quot;Cold Mountain.&quot;  What a contrast!  In search of &quot;authenticity,&quot; Cold Mountain's author is happy to wallow in the mud and burden us with all the gory details of the lusts and violence of his characters.  Slavomir Rawicz doesn't need to do this -- he knows that his story is compelling enough to stand on its own merits.   Rawicz's chronicle is an inspiring story of decency, courage, and human kindness.  Some of these elements are present in Cold Mountain, but you have to dig in the mud for them.  While this is not a trendy book, it is a deeply satisfying story of everyday people transformed by hardship.  The author and his party overcome great obstacles to reach their destination, and they do it without bludgeoning, debauching, or even cursing.  As I said, what a contrast.  I left Long Walk with a restored sense of the basic goodness of my fellow human beings -- quite the opposite of the feelings I had after reading Cold Mountain.  Read this book! I guarantee that you will find it intensely moving and almost impossible to put down.
0812550706|4.0|At the request of a friend I purchased and read this book.  Ender Wiggin is a great character that most people (who don't stare and drool while watching the cartoon network) can relate to in some way or another.  I enjoyed it's &quot;childish&quot; point of view.
0553208845|1.0|Siddhartha is one of the slowest, most boring books I have ever read.  The main character takes himself much too seriously.  His slow boat to enlightenment is a painless, self absorbed trip to no where.  Leave this one on the shelf.
0345389409|2.0|At the beginning of the book Lestat says this book has nothing to do with Vampires. Well there you have it. The bulk of the book presents an interesting and sure to offend many - retelling of the Devil's fall and God's relation to his creation on earth. Lestat and crew are cardboard characters that nobody who had not read the other books would even notice. This should not have been a Vampire book. The main reason it was, no doubt, was to sell more books. The concept was fascinating and deserved to be part of a novel with a whole new set of fully flushed out  characters and a plot for them. This book was a big waste. It wasted the Vampires on a plot that had nothing to do with them, wasted a novel concept on a rough draft, and wasted her reputation as a writer with high standards.
0805241183|5.0|This new edition is useful in that it makes some parts of the narrative closer to the original.  In other parts, thoughit seems to muddle things.  Its hard to acsertain which is better, this is a complex issue which always comes into play when a complex author is translated into another language.  I would suggest that people read both editions together, as this novel is rich enough to be rewarding each time.
0876855575|4.0|Ham On Rye explores the brutal, brooding and sexual life of low income post depression teenage existence.  Charles Bukowski has developed a unique but Hemingway like writing style that is short, direct and insightful.  All in all a great read.
0140177396|5.0|Some people might think it boring and tiresome. But after reading this book, I have so many deep feelings toward these lonely men who wandered around and urged for a home to stay and to be sheltered.  Each of characters had dreams and see how they ended up in the book.  It also describes very vividly about George's and Lennie's ironic friendship which had ended up a tragedy.  If you are going to read the book, at the end you will find yourself sighing at the unchangeable fate for these  wanderers.  I myself like the story very much, and I had savored every details of it.  The story made you not only to smile and cry, but also to think and feel. If you have not start this story yet, read it with your heart.
0451167716|5.0|THE GODFATHER is a great novel. I read it when I was 15. I went back and read it again when I was 32. I feared that--like a lot of books I re-read from when I was younger--I would be shocked that I liked something so bad. But THE GODFATHER was one of the few books I re-read after a number of years that was BETTER than I remembered it. I believe that if THE GODFATHER had been written in the 1800's, it would be considered a classic today. But since it was written in the 1960's, when &quot;plot&quot; and action were considered low brow conceits, it was unfairly dismissed as pulp. ONE OF THE THINGS THAT DRIVES ME NUTS IS THE STANDARD LINE THAT PUZO'S NOVEL WAS PULP CRAP THAT COPPOLA SPUN INTO GOLDEN MASTERPIECES (G.F. I &amp; II). THIS IS UTTER CRAP. PUZO CO-WROTE THE SCREENPLAY FOR THE MOVIES (and won two Oscars, too). AND HIS NOVEL IS A MASTERPIECE THAT WAS BROUGHT EFFECTIVELY TO THE SCREEN WITH COPPOLA'S DIRECTION. (The only other time Coppola made a masterpiece movie--&quot;Apocalypse Now&quot;--he had a masterpiece novel to work from: Joseph Conrad's HEART OF DARKNESS.) If there was ever a brilliant talent in the Godfather equation, it is Puzo. I believe that THE GODFATHER will become a classic in the future, taught in universities, long after Don DeLillo is out of print. (How someone who wrote something as great as THE GODFATHER could write something as inanely bad as THE LAST DON I don't know. But THE GODFATHER is still a masterpiece).
0679437223|5.0|This book is a wonderful assemblage of wonderfully stereotyped military men and women in a wonderfully sarcastic war setting (World War II). All the spoils and horrors of war are here:  Wonder in amazement how Milo can pull off his &quot;everyone has a share&quot; syndicate!  Feel sorry for the dead man in Yossarian's tent.  Just exactly how many missions WILL the men have to fly?  How much does Nately's whore really love him?  Why did Yossarian get a medal (and almost a court-martial) for the same bombing run?  And if Yossarian wants to walk around naked, what business of that is ours?
0679457313|3.0|I found Ms. Roy's book to be overfilled. With. Tech. Nique.However, I am lookingforward to Her Next Book.
031218087X|5.0|Fresh and ingenius.  It's like nothing I've ever read.  Dan Brown has proven to be a very promising writer.  What a great way to start off a career.  Everyone is a suspect, yet no one seems to be guilty.  You read enough books and you realize that the guy with the blood on his left hand and the knife in his right is not the murderer.  But what a refreshening way to craft up a conspiracy theory.  You gotta be a little crazy to think up stuff like this, but look at Stephen King, Dean Koontz, John Saul, and Mary Higgins Clark! They're laughing hysterically all the way to the bank.  Add it to your library, this ones a keeper.
0553278355|5.0|Over the past few months I have spent hours in the library with psychology books and journals, trying to understand the depression I am experiencing. It wasn't until I checked out a copy of The Bell Jar that I began to feel less lonely. All the technical information I found in the journals was nothing compared to Plath's portrait of depression. She does not give lists of the symptoms of depression; instead, I felt clear recognition of the feelings Esther was experiencing. I recommend this book to anyone experiencing depression who needs to feel that they are not alone.
0679441018|4.0|Truth be told, I was the oddball and jumped in at the end of the Vampire Chronicles by reading the last book first.  However, I had no trouble picking up the story and following the characters through the final stage in Rice's series.  As I read the first few pages I was apprehensive, for the religious references were rampant, and as a recovering Catholic, I am greatly offended by any references to the so-called &quot;right&quot; religion.  But I forced myself to read on, and once I got past the first few chapters, I found myself embroiled in a fascinating story that read amazingly quickly!  I found myself having no problems believing the moral dilemmas of the characters, or the disputes between Memnoch and God; moreover, I was quite impressed by Rice's descriptions of Heaven and Hell--she manages to give an explosive description of a place no one has seen without playing God herself.  Though I was not offended at all by the accusations that Rice poses in this story on any and all religious dogmas, I can easily see where others will be thumping Bibles in protest long after this book is forgotten.  I enjoyed this story immensely, and will have to go back to the beginning and read the other books in the series.
0399128964|5.0|The series of 6 Dune books stand out as the most important works I have ever read.  I pity those who have never read all six.  They are a great gift to humankind.   Warning:  You need to THINK to get the maximum value out of them
0312932081|5.0|Orson Scott Card did a great job in Ender's Game.  He just put images in my mind, creating a clear picture for me.  The only othere book I've read that's comparable to Ender's Game is Dune.  Ender's Game was very exciting and full of suspense.  Card's other books are also very good.  Especially the Homecoming series.  I highly recommend this book to everyone!!
0316545856|5.0|This book gives one a glimpse into the everyday of life of rural Africa, then and now. It poignantly illustrates the dichotomus existence of an African growing up in two, sometimes drastically, different worlds. The making of a world statesman is revealed.
0553274503|5.0|Take the cream of the crop from the reveiws above and you will get a feel for the gist of this intriguing book.  The best way to handle it is by reading once more years later.  It will be amazing as to how your view changes, or remains. Devour, enjoy, reflect.
0064431789|5.0|This book is a great book for children who want to explore and create using their imagination.  It is a book that can easily be read over and over again.  A superb book for any child.
0517118297|5.0|A young woman's coming of age and attaining a proper suitor is explored by Jane Austen. The Complete Works of Jane Austen offers the reader novels of the trials and tribulations of a young lady stepping into her adulthood. Also explored is the self-realization of the heroine's true emotions concerning the one she loves and those she interacts with in her small yet vibrant English countryside society. Jane Austen only writes of which she understands, thus one never is permitted to overhear the converstion of two men unless a woman is present or is there ever an indepth discussion of business or politics. Having each novel's story be guided by a young heroine allows Jane Austen to critique the customs and manners of the countryside middle class. With wit and honesty she unveils many trivial and oppresssing social rituals, yet magnifies those personality characteristics which she finds honorable and useful. The novels of Jane Austen are delightful and beautifully written.
1568494157|5.0|You don't like SF? Then read this book - and you will change your mind. One of the best novels I ever read.
0393038912|5.0|One of the most important book I ever read. I just wonder why nobody , historians, teachers, scientists, told us before Diamond all what is told in his book. It looks like the author has invented a new science, a quantitative and scientific way of doing history.
6304111258|5.0|While this is an all-star movie -- cast members include Olivia DeHavilland, Basil Rathbone, Claude Rains and Alan Hale -- it is, without a doubt, THE quintessential Errol Flynn film. His vibrant portrayal of Robin Hood remains unmatched in the annals of movie making, and every time he appears on the screen he seems to absorb everyone and everything around him. This is the art of film making at its best; this is Errol Flynn as we like to remember him; this is a must-see for all ages.     END
006016848X|1.0|After wasting three hours of my life reading this reprehensible exercise in stereotypical thinking (not to mention poor writing), it's easy to see why John Gray would think of women as being from another planet: it's clear that he's completely in the dark when it comes to dealing with anyone in a mature, open-minded fashion without relying on juvenile metaphors and 50s sit-com solutions. YIKES!!!! Personally, I think John Gray is one of the horsemen of the apocalypse. And not in a good way, either.
1573225517|4.0|This book is not, contrary to some opinion, about record collecting. It concerns the way Rob's life has been shaped by the relationships with various women he has had in his life - including the quite powerful influence of his very first, which lasted but three days before got into something of a rut. This is a funny and absorbing book which you will be glad you chose to read. However, if you are going to read one Nick Hornby novel, I recommend you go for the third &quot;about a boy&quot;. In the end though, once you've read one I'm pretty sure you'll go on to read all of his book anyhow.
0446310786|5.0|I am just a teenager and I must be honest, I had never enjoyed reading till I read this book, which was recomended by a great teacher. I just started analyzing this book with my high school english class about a month ago. we havent even finished going over the whole thing yet. But, I have never had one thing teach me so much about being a good person. This story, about two small children Jem Finch and Scout Finch living in the judgemental town of Maycomb in Alabama shows us how dangerous a thing racism is, how judging a person by someone elses opinion can turn an innocent man into a recluse and what it means to be a good christian and parent. These people of Maycomb County called themselves Christian when they were living a lie to god, other people and themselves. The setting takes place during the great depression when people had no jobs but to gossip about other people. An example of this is the neighborhood recluse Boo Radley. Many people started saying bad things about him and his past that most of the town was believing a lie, that he was a criminal. Because of this, Boo decides to stay away from people. Harper Lee decides to show the reader how bad people and lies are, and she refers to Boo as a mockingbird, which is an animal that does not bother anyone and is reclusive. The people go on asking themselves why Boo is reclusive when they are the reasons. Another example of people living a lie is the law case of a black man Tom Robinson. He is wrongly accused of raping a girl.The whole town knows who the real raper is , but they continue to lie to themselves that the black man is the wrong-doer.In the middle of this is Atticus Finch, the father of Jem and Scout. He is the only one who brings up his children the right way, which is how he lives his life. Just think for yourself. Maycomb County believes in the lie of racism and that it is the right thing to believe in only because that is how they were taught. But, Atticus is different. He is introspective like his children and his children like ! him. His parents and probably told him that he should judge a person on the color of their skin, but he thought it out realized that racism is the sin. People may not have agreed with him and some of these people tried to kill him for his  beliefs. But, Atticus had what not many people had and what his children picked up from him, this was courage. He decided to stick up for what he believed in. Atticus is the ideal Man-of-god, the ideal parent and the ideal person. Harper Lee probably used his character in this book, hoping to teach her readers how to be an Atticus Finch, Jem Finch, or a Scout. The moral of this book is to think about what you are taught and think for yourself and stick up for what you think is right.  Infact, you dont have to read this masterpiece because I gave you reasons to, but because it is your duty to. After all, what do I know, I am just fifteen and this is maybe my favorite book yet and there are probably many more greater books than this one. What I do know is that this book made me  like to read and To Kill A Mockingird makes me want to be a better person and keep on searching for those greater books.
0679457313|3.0|I read this book because of the fabulous reviews, and I have to agree the critics are taking us for a bit of a ride---they seem to grab on to anything that is a little bit different.  Just because a work is &quot;different&quot; does not mean it is worthy of such high praise!!!!  Im glad I finished it, but could not take one more simile or metaphor.  It reminded me of short stories I was forced to write in high school creative writing class!
038097617X|4.0|I can' give you my final review yet, cause I'm still reading it. However, I did finish her latest book &quot;Rachel's Holiday&quot;, which I just bought in London. This was really marvelleous! The fun thing about it, is that Rachel is the sister of Claire in Watermelon: the whole family is actually the same (mother, father and five daughters). The story is about Rachel who thinks she's going on a holiday to a health farm, with spa's, massages, famous people and that she'll be loosing some weight. Well, she's in for a surprise when she's taken in for drug abuse after nearly killing herself... She is not supposed to be there, she's just a recreational user! At least, that's what she thinks. And than there is Luke too...
0440219078|5.0|I really liked this book, I loved the way it was written, and, although a little to young for my age (17) I still enjoyed it a lot.   <br /> I liked the way the story started.  It seemed like Jonas was innocent, a child.  He knew nothing of what was happening all around him.  That is until 'The Ceremony of Twelve', everybody in this 'commune' has their lives mapped out for them.  Jonas is chosen for the highly regarded and much revered role as 'The Giver'.  The Giver at the moment is an old man, who reveals to Jonas that he is the keeper of the communes emotions and feelings, all the good, the bad, the happy, the sad, the painful and all the pleasureful ones.   He must give these to Jonas by psychically passing them to him (like a Vulcan Mind Melt for you trekkies out there!)   Jonas must learn to accept the good with the bad.  As Jonas receives the memories The Giver looses them from his mind, he only remembers them slightly.   <br /> First of all Jonas learns how to feel snow, he loves it.  The Giver continues to give Jonas wonderful and exciting emotions and feelings and then slowly starts to introduce the harder ones, like a broken arm, a fire, dying, etc.   Jonas hates this part of his calling.   When he realizes that death is the same as 'Releasing' he learns what his whole society is like, - a sterile emotionless existence where all independent thought and personal growth is quashed.   He starts to turn against his father who works as a 'Nurturer'.  He released a baby earlier that day, and Jonas realized that his father murdered a little baby. <br /> This acts as a catalyst for Jonas and The Giver to start a plan that will inevitably turn the whole society and ideology of the commune upside down. <br /> I suggest you read this book, if you are 6 or 60, it is a really good book all about what our world could turn into.
0684800713|5.0|The last dialogue between Jake and Brett (&quot;we could have been so happy together&quot; &quot;Yes, isn't it nice to think so?&quot;) is one of the most moving passages I've ever read. It always leaves me heartbroken and also amazed at Hemingway's genius to suggest a world of feelings and emotions in a few well-chosen words. But you have to read the whole book to measure the intensity of this amazing dialogue.
0440214041|3.0|I don't really know why this book got so acclaimed as it did. It is nowhere near the GOOD stuff Grisham writes. Everyone must have his/her ups and downs..perfectly understandable. With this book, I think Grisham was having a bad hair day... Nowhere near &quot;The Chamber&quot;!
0896760839|5.0|This book is very technical, and not for a beginning tailor.  However it is an excellent idea sourcebook for anyone recreating Tudor and Elizabethan costumes.  Janet Arnold was able to examine surviving pieces of clothing from this period, and has given scaled pattern layouts for many of the garments.
006091307X|4.0|I've read this at least 49 times. If this sounds like pathology, obsession, madness... ...well... ...you're on target. There is a fine line between Gnostic revelation and the leap into insanity. The central issue of this little book---the moment just prior to Gnosis---gets tied up in a morass of puns, satire, smartass language and sophomore humor.  A lot of the themes of &quot;49&quot; reappear in &quot;Gravity's Rainbow&quot;, in much greater detail and with much greater emotional impact . Part of my infatuation with this novella comes from living all my life in California, mostly on the coast, in places like South Central and Berkeley. The places he describes, sometimes hidden by pun ridden psudonymns, are all familiar haunts. But most of my attraction to &quot;Lot 49&quot; comes from being haunted as Oedipa Maas was haunted, wondering if those connections she encountered---between a need for an alternate communication network... ...anybody remember &quot;underground&quot; radio?... ...and the need to supress the moment of ultimate revelation... ...anybody remember &quot;Eve of Destruction?... ...well... ...I guess that I've walked in Oedipa's shoes more than once. Pynchon has an altogether remarkable ability to express ulitmate paranoia. &quot;49&quot; is not as well written as &quot;Gravity's Rainbow&quot;, not as fun as &quot;Vineland&quot;, not as &quot;Literary&quot; as &quot;Mason &amp; Dixon&quot;, but well worth investigating if you are drawn to that territory. &quot;49&quot; is an occult book that stays occult.
0060392584|4.0|I had to pick an autobiography for one of my college classes. It had to be an autobiography where a person stuggles between their celebrity image and their personal image. I think Manson does just that.  The reading was fairly easy and it was thought provoking.  It made me think about issues such as religion, mob behavior, the seperation of church and state, the effects of drug use, small town beliefs, and individuality.  The only things I would change about this book are: I would add more stories about his childhood and add more about his search for his own identity. I would recommened this book to anyone who believes that every person is an individual.
0060916540|5.0|Incredible, how do you survive an encounter with death like that? The book itself is well written and gripped me all the way through. I don't think I even put it down once. Cover to cover in my first reading. Not only is Joe Simpson one of the luckiest men alive but he can write too.
0553573403|5.0|It seems that the reader reviews divide into two camps.  The readers who can spell and really liked this novel and the readers who can't spell and were disappointed (bored?) by the many plot and character twists.  I read this novel, then picked up the first book of the Jordan series &quot;Eye of the World&quot;.  Though I am almost through with the &quot;Eye of the World&quot;, I can't wait for the sequel to &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;.  I am going to the bookstore today and if it is out, I may not finish the Jordan book.
0060263857|5.0|It was the best E.B. White book I had Ever read in my hole life!
0440224764|3.0|Unfortunately, Grisham has become &quot;just another formula writer&quot;.  The Partner simply rehashes a plot Grisham has used before...tracing money around the world through electronic transfers.  The plot is nothing new...somebody steals money from a bad guy, fakes his own death, gets caught, and then cleverly gets away.  The ending is weak.  It's like he had told his story and then didn't want to take the time to put a clean closing to the book.  Don't waste your money on this one.
0552131067|5.0|Have you ever thought about Death looking for a job and talking to a state clark ? She has been really around for a lot, but has she got some references ?
0425107469|5.0|I have read almost every Dean Koontz book, and this is my all-time favorite. I have read &amp; re-read it over the past few years. Highly recommended! A great read. I didn't want to put it down!!
0440219078|5.0|I had read this book when I was younger, but was reassigned to read it for a class assignment. The first time I read it, the futuristic awe of the book passed me by, but after reading it again I've realized what a great vision into the future and inspiring novel it is. If you liked this book, you should also read the book 1984.
1563523302|5.0|This book is not about &quot;how to become a millionaire&quot;, rather &quot;what the average millionare is all about&quot;. I did not buy this book to gleen Buffetologous knowledge--and, to that end, I was not disappointed. I wanted to see the trends. My grandparents have lived the lifestyle of frugality that is touted frequently thoughout the book. They saved when they were younger, and while they valued their children&quot;s educations (and funded them), those children were not constant recipients of &quot;economic outpatient care&quot;.   The assumption that these two people accumulated for accumulation's sake is erroneous. They travel extensively in their golden years. They have enough money to face (just about) any emergency, seen and unforeseen. They intend to die broke. Their children are not professional heirs, bacause they have been taught BY EXAMPLE how money should be regarded.  I, too, as a Gen-Xer, who socks away 20% of my gross, intend to live frugally young (which is a good example for my own kids), and will party when those kids are old enough to cherish me, but no longer need me. May they aspire to great heights as well.  If you did not &quot;get it&quot;, too bad.
0201633612|5.0|Not absolutely necessary.  Unless, of course, you're a serious programmer.  Then it's worth the second and third reading.
0002171856|5.0|This book is very meticulously and professionally organized, with a visually appealing and iconographic layout. Superb drawings and illustrations, and authoritative guidelines and instructions make for a pleasurable and informative read.
0440180295|4.0|While I wasn't overly fond of the story (it was disjointed, had no plot, character development, or timeline) I really liked this book because of the political and philosophical statment made.  I highly recommend this book.
0802713319|5.0|I have read a number of books in this genre, and this is the best.  It is a fascinating story of the solving of a world-renowned mathematical puzzle.  It is also fascinating in the stories of the myriad personalities of the mathmeticians involved through the centuries.  It culminates in the story of Wiles, whose success can be partially (and gloriously) attributed to his refusal to follow the conventional means of scientific discovery.  Highly recommended.
0394810112|5.0|I think that Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was a great book because Charlie is the only kid who is honest and is not selfish. This book also  makes your mouth water with all the different candy. When your done you'll want to read more, so then you can read Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator. Reviewed by Maddie at 10 years old.
630438551X|5.0|This movie really changed my life; yes, it sounds trite and stupid but it's true! I have seen it over 30 times and still feel as pasionately about &quot;William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet&quot; as the first time I saw this magnificant film.     END
0345423496|2.0|I can't believe that the same author wrote the previous books of the Odyssey series!  3001 was a weak speculation of the future, Clarke's  rendition dull and unimaginative -- merely excerpts of other literature of our time (&quot;Jurassic Park&quot; and &quot;Cult at the end of the World&quot; for example).  It was almost as if Mr. Clarke was forced to write this book!  I was completely disappointed and barely made it to the end (I couldn't finish 2061).  I probably should have stopped reading his books after reaching puberty.
0380018179|5.0|I could not put this book down.  I had seen bits and pieces of the miniseries, but had never read the book.  I ended up on a camping trip longing for something to read, and picked up this book at a book trade in the campgrounds.  Could NOT put it down.  Wonderful writing by Colleen McCollough with powerful characters and an extremely touching and moving array of relationships (especially between Maggie and Ralph).  I have read it three times now, and it's still probably my favorite.
1558216340|4.0|the style is simple and direct, the subject is simply incredible. I enjoed reading it.
0060916540|5.0|Having been a avid climber since my teenage years, I've collected and read countless books on climbing.  This ranks easily in my top 10.  An incredible story of one man's survival in the jaws of certain death.  His ordeal is truly the epic of epics.
0061002747|5.0|This is one of Christie's best mysteries. I couldn't put it down until the very end. I love train murders because you always know the killer is on board. The ending totally took me by surprise. You must read it for yourself!
1563523302|3.0|This book was highly recomended by retirees several of which were prominent professionals and retirees who were examples of the &quot;PAWs'&quot; and &quot;UAW's&quot; described in great detail in the book.  Although the infomration was well written, documented and substantiated, I found it to be most repetitive.  For example, the charts and statistical summaries were more than adequate to provide a complete picture.  To go into a blow by blow discription of all the same datat that was most self explanitory made the reading very repetitive ad dry.  Even though the book explained the &quot;first&quot; gneration and &quot;second&quot; generation wealthy, it did not devote enough time or attention to the demographic changes facing our society.  Many more seniors with or without accumulated wealth to adequately provide insight into where society is headed.  Boom, Bust Echo by David Foote would have been a good cross refernce souce of information.
0440219078|4.0|Lois Lowry's The Giver is perhaps one of the most provocative children's books ever written.  Ms. Lowry's book is undoubtedly destined to become a &quot;masterpiece&quot; of the speculative fiction and negative utopian genres.  Her skill as a writer is evident in the novel's superb structure.  She slowly reveals details of the society in a natural and subtle manner; yet she has concealed some of the details so successfully that they come as a complete surprise to the reader.  Through this slow method of revelation, Ms. Lowry transforms an at-first-glance utopian society into a horrible and repressive negative utopia.   <br />Ms. Lowry's vision is extremely prophetic.  The society she depicts is staggeringly realistic and hits close to home.  Indeed, such a society could easily evolve from current trends for political correctness and oversensitivity.  Thus, her society is almost frightening in its accuracy.     <br />Overall, The Giver is masterfully crafted, as evidenced by its Newberry Award.  It is most certainly worth a read, even if you are not a young adult.  In fact, an older person should be able to appreciate it just as much, although an older and more experienced eye should be able to pick out minor flaws in character and idea development.  The only thing that detracts from the book is its sloppily constructed ending.  Abrupt and unfulfilling, it leaves too many questions unanswered and certainly disappointed me.  But give the book a try if you haven't already.  It's worth it.
0374119171|5.0|One of the best first hand accounts of &quot;Gee Whiz, what's it like to fly in space?&quot; Collins brings the experience to terms a layman can understand. He also explains the reasons behind NASA's decisions and why Armstrong and Aldrin were first on the moon. Collins goes in to great detail, yet no technical details, on what it was like to fly a Gemini and Apollo spacecraft. Very good reading!
0060168366|1.0|As a recently immigrated European and now American Citizen,I have become fascinated by the history of this wonderful country Paul Johnson does not write well,analyses poorly and is very fragmentary and unorganized in his text(It is as if he has pasted several small pieces of prose together,each covering a subject,person or worse an opinion.) His analysis of complex historical epochs is far from intellectual and he likes  platitudes.The errors are very bothersome also suggesting sloppy work.This book is not recommended A very boring read and a disgrace.America is great but Paul Johnson is not able to tell us why
0440224764|5.0|What made Patrick, and, as a result, the story, so interesting to me was his ability to predict, react, and manipulate. The only aspect of this book which could have been improved was the ending, but perhaps Mr. Grisham has laid the groundwork for a sequel.
044651506X|5.0|I had read the The Generals Daughter several years ago and thought it was ok so I decided to take a look at this book which a relative of mine had finished and recommended. I was completely unprepared for an incredible read. Sure, its a bit immature but thats what makes it light, funny, fast moving and entertaining. From start to finish it held my attention. Mr. De Mille is an accomplished writer with a wonderful talent. I have started now, to read Spencerville and Im sure to read others.
0790733226|5.0|This is an excellent example of what the DVD format can offer film fanatics. &quot;Contact&quot; was one of the most visually impressive movies of 1997, though it may yield to &quot;Titanic&quot; in its visual effects. The DVD presentation includes three feature-length commentary tracks, in addition to appendices on the various specific scenes. <br /> Common to Robert Zemeckis' &quot;Forrest Gump,&quot; the film has the enticing/distracting presence of various television personalities including the morphed/edited/stood in for President Bill Clinton. &quot;Contact&quot; is not hurt by its leads: the driven, believable Jody Foster, or the moral cowboy/guru Matthew McConaughey. I thoroughly enjoyed it. <br /> Here's hoping &quot;Titanic&quot; gets the the same special presentation when it comes to DVD.     END
B000005HN6|5.0|Opeth...that says it all. Black Metal with Folk running through it. A light Black vocal style, intricate guitar riffs, some counterpoint, great poetry, long insightful songs...just plain MUSIC. Dark and peaceful, though at times quite sad, Opeth are true artists. For those not familiar to Black Metal, this may be THE band to start with, and you may go no further, Black Metal isn't easily accepted.     END
1561387053|3.0|Jane Austen fans are said to be most enthusiastic in their support for her writing, and after reading Sense and Sensibility, I could understand why.  She was a clever lady whose shrewd insight into human nature and English society allowed her to make effective use of satire, and her plots have enough twists and turns to keep the reader interested in what is going to happen next.  The dull, dirty world Austen inhabited has limited appeal to me so I can't say the book was highly attractive (which is part of the reason I ranked it with a 6.)  By way of recommendation, I would encourage a viewing of the movie version to help better understand the book.  Emma Thompson directed a film that I found quite pleasureable.
055321277X|3.0|This book is one of the &quot;classics&quot; that should be read by &quot;everyone&quot; at some point in their lives, but its not attractive enough to merit repeated readings.  I thought the plot was a little slow in developing and the story could have been written with greater economy.  It's an interesting tale of the different aspects of the Self, but as a story, it is so-so.
0679457313|2.0|I did not need a review to buy this book: a book by an Indian woman, and a delectable title. I knew I wanted to read it. Buying a book is a rare treat for me. I made a mistake when I bought &quot;The God of Small Things.&quot; I love transporting prose, and an unconventional (or post-modernist) style will not put me off, as long as the story is served and I can submerge myself in the author's vision. Roy's writing never served her story or characters. It hovered self-consciously and annoyingly over the characters and their lives, never giving me a chance to know them or care what happened to them, or what it might mean in the context of a real world. <br /> I will not recommend this book to my friends or book group, and I am disappointed that it beat another splendid book, Cold Mountain, for the Booker Prize.
0385484518|5.0|In an age as cynical as the one we are living in I thought impossible for a book, especially one written by a sportswriter to have an emotional impact on me. I was wrong. Mitch Albom has a simple understated masterpeice. It will rank with Why Bad things Happen to Good People and Surley your Joking Mr. Fenyeman as must reads for anyone going through a seriou ordeal.
0441172717|5.0|I only read Dune after I had seen the movie (2 hour version) and was overwhelmed!  I then proceded to read the rest of the series (6 books) and tape all three (the two, three and four-hour) versions of the movie.  The book Dune is one you must read thru at least twice, including the glossary and index before all the ramifications of the 'history' start to become clear (The Butlerian Jihad, for example) and the realizations will change your first impressions, and so you will READ IT AGAIN!!  I would love to read a 'prequal' of this series, but alas, for naught.  For a great time on a rainy Saturday, get all six, sit down, and read them in order.  You will not be disapointed.
0553573403|4.0|I thought this book was great.  Character development was top notch -it incredible how Martin can get into each character so fully. For example, one chapter is told from the point of view of innocent,'good girl, Sansa, and a few chapters later, the point of view is from bawdy outspoken 'bad' dwarf Tyrion! And who is good and who is bad? Is Sansa really all that good?  Tyrion all that bad?  Read the book, and you'll see - no way!  Each character has mixed motivations; (like normal people) sometimes (S)he is honorable and other times (S)he behaves terribly.  Anyway, I cant wait for the second book.  The big question is, can Martin keep it up? (Please, please Martin, keep it up, otherwise, there is nothing fun out there to read!!)  I still think the finest fantasy book out there is the Eye of the World by Robert Jordan, but he clearly could not keep it up!
0684874350|2.0|I was so sick and tired of the &quot;can't do,&quot; &quot;oh woe  is me&quot; attitude of Angela and her drunken husband that I wanted to shake them both.  How could anyone call him/herself a parent and neglect those poor children so badly.  I found it depressing in the extreme and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
0385484518|1.0|Another typical attempt to solve life through some giant inspirational cliche. No more novel or fresh in its content than any one of hundreds of &quot;guide me through life&quot; antecdotes created by robots. Save your time and money for something more substantial.
0425156842|4.0|One of the many gifts Monty Python has contributed to our culture is &quot;The Philosopher's Song&quot; which attributes heroic feats of intoxication to the great minds of history. Somewhere between that song and Bertrand Russel's &quot;History of Western Philosophy&quot; lies Sophie's World.<br /> Gaarder's book is not a sophisticed treatment of the history of philosophy. Nor does it pretend to be. First and foremost, this novel is a simple tool that should encourage young minds to ask questions about the world they live in, perhaps engage in a light scirmish with some tough questions. <br /> Sophisticed readers may be too sidetracked by the (sometimes laughably) two-dimensional characters and the silly plot to really enjoy this book. Don't be fooled by the marketing strategy that would compare &quot;Sophie's World&quot; to &quot;The Name of The Rose&quot;. Neither the writing style nor the depth of thought offered by Gaarder merits such lofty praise. The only thing these two writers have in common is that they happen to be from the same continent. Though that's often enough for some reviewers to lump them into one catagory.<br /> If you're a young person or if you have never formally studied philosophy, Sophie's World is a painless and often enjoyable introduction to the topic. Plus, if you've ever wondered who the heck Monty Python was talking about, here's a book you can understand even after a couple of pints.
0679446230|4.0|As a graduating preceptor at Mercer University, one of the texts for the Freshman class that I am assistant teacher for is Achebe's &quot;Things Fall Apart.&quot;  One theme covered in class concerns the dualism of the novel's characters.  EVERYONE, from Hitler to Christian missionaries to Native Africans, such as the novel's main character, Okonkwo, thinks that he or she is doing the right thing.  &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; shows what horrible things can happen all because someone is convinced that he or she is doing the right thing.  Okonkwo's countrymen were perfectly content farming yams and worshipping their polytheistic smorgasbord of gods; of course, they thought that they were right to preserve their beliefs and customs (that included what the Western world would consider pretty nasty, such as the dumping off of twins which were perceived as evil omens).  Nonetheless, any Christian would consider himself or herself as in the right as he or she turned the &quot;savages&quot; from their heathen ways.  In &quot;Things Fall Apart,&quot; converting the heathen means destroying their religious objects and customs.  As the title of this novel implies, the missionaries' Christianization of Okonkwo's people was not all that it was cracked up to be.  A lot of things fell apart.
0679457313|5.0|I loved this book very much. It is difficult to paint real life, to show how for something (terrible) to happen, many other little, different and separate elements have to converge. It is probable,  as she let us believe that a good part of it is a true story. If it is, this book was a seed growing again in that devastated family. Her way out. To take the words out of her. I did not know the book was famous and so controversed.  I wish her well and hope that  having her work commented on by the whole planet will not upset her too much.
0380002930|5.0|A fantacy tale which immerses you in real personalities and comparisons to everyday life.  After getting involved in it, you hardly realize that isn't a real story.  The plot begins with a group of rabbits who run away from their home in search of an easier life.  I know it sounds rediculous, but bear with me here.  The challenges they face lead them to the perfect settling place, but they realize they forgot to bring any females.  Whoops.  They plead with an overcrowded community to allow some does to settle with them, but the strict leader refuses and captures the representatives they sent.  A daring rescue ensues which results in a happy ending to all of their troubles.  You must read this novel.
0312952813|5.0|Michael Connelly has hit another one out of the park with &quot;The Black Ice.&quot; The writing is fast-paced, taut, and grippng.  &quot;Black Ice&quot; flows better than a bottle of scotch on a Saturday night. Harry Bosch and the other characters are so real that you can smell the cigarette smoke, taste the border dust, and see the blood on the bathroom floor.  If you enjoy modern hard-boiled detective writing than this is the book for you.
0804106304|5.0|This is definitely one of the best books that I have ever read.  It shows the bond of mother and daughter when they are so very different.  The reason that I gave this a 10, is because it is well written and really shows emotion in her writing
0812550706|5.0|I finished reading this book a few days ago, and immediatly read the sequels.  They're all great, although none of the others even come close to being as great as Ender's Game.  This book is good for everyone, science-fiction fan or not,  because it's more of a human book than anything else.  It shows (finally!) that kids are not ignorant idiots.  Part of what makes this novel so excellent is that it's written from a &quot;gifted&quot; child's point of view.  Many books that I've read make kids out to be brainless, immature, and inferior.  Children, gifted or not, have feelings just like everyone else.  This novel finally proves it.
1573225517|5.0|I got this book for my boyfriend and the review on the back of it made me curious and a little jealous....but when I read it a year later, I thought it was great!!!  Great insight for women about men.  Very entertaining...I couldn't put it down, read it in a couple of days.
0684135051|4.0|This book is good for beginners but better for advanced to experienced.  EZ uses direct, simple explanations to take one by the hand and lead one through the knitting of a sweater from start to finish.  However, a working knowledge of basic stitches and construction is very helpful.  The illustrations leave much to be desired and if color, detailed illustrations were included I'd give this book a big, fat 10.
0887307876|5.0|No, I don't know what BLIRTED means either.   I think that Scott Adams is a sad misguided perverted misfit with a serious dog and rat fetish.   Not only that, drawings that include elements other than simple lines are clearly beyond him.   Worse, I think the book is brilliant.
0393038912|5.0|The author effectively combines expertise in evolutionary biology with knowledge and experience of anthropology to write a very inciteful book. Covering, in effect, the entire history of our species, he explores why it was that the continent of Eurasia advanced so far beyond the rest of the world by the Age of Discovery. Something of a revival of &quot;environmental determinism&quot; he nevertheless comes up with a convincing arguement.
6304372620|5.0|Ahh.. The best movie I've ever seen.. I only have one general comment though..  I hear a lot of critics saying that it was stupid to kill Sean Nokes (the &quot;villian&quot;) half way through the movie... And they keep comparing it to &quot;The Boys of Saint Vicent&quot;. Well... What do they want? An exact copy? I think it gave the movie more power and I loved it.  Think about it.. If Nokes had a chance to see what he'd actually DONE to the kids (like SOME people wanted).. And if he felt sorry for it.. Wouldn't we, the viewers, feel sorry for HIM? That would also take the force of Bacon's perfomance away.  Anyway.. I think it's fine the way it is, and absolutely perfect. Except they hardly ever show it on cable, and when they do, it's between 12 and 5am.     END
038097617X|4.0|I have read her other two books and they are even better.  Lucy Sullivan's Getting Married is hilarious and the new book Rachel's Holiday is really good.
0553278355|5.0|The Bell Jar gives identity to all of us who suffer from depression.  Plath took apart the details of the life that hides behind a depressed soul, not giving definition to, but relating to those who suffer the same.  One knows a truly well written book by how involved one gets into the lives of its characters.  The time that I spent reading this book brought me to look at my own life.  As a result, I lapsed into one of my depressive spells, but this was no ordinary &quot;hate life&quot; spell.  I recognized so much that I shared with Esther.  I asked my psychology teacher, who recommended the book to me, if most of his students come back to him and tell him that the book affected them in the same way it affected me. When a book forces you to look at your life and you find yourself completely absorbed into every fiber of its content, it truly is a treasure.
0151001820|2.0|I finished the Club Dumas and I'm wondering why anyone cares. The plot is ridiculous. Some greedy and somewhat sleazy book merchant chases all over the Iberian peninsula and France for two books that will supposedly summon the Devil while a bunch of Eurosnobs plot to keep a handwritten chapter of a Dumas book from public scrutiny - all the while belonging to a club that reprints ancient dime novels? Minute details about book collecting overwhelmed me with tears of boredom. There's the stereotypical fetching young woman who all we know about is that she uses a name from a Sherlock Holmes story and is a kick boxer of some talent because she can beat up an actor? Meanwhile, the evil &quot;pay no attention to the man behind the curtains&quot; guy surfaces only briefly at beginning an end. And if I read the word &quot;apocryphal&quot; one more time I would have puked. The ending, especially the last page, is so trite I would have expected it to come from a John  Grisham novel. And I LIKE John Grisham.
0451191935|5.0|I've read it all boys n' girls.  The fiction, the short stories, the rare ones, the articles, the non-fiction and so on..  I think SK is the crowned king of characters..  TLW is my favorite and in my humble opinion while his later works were grand and good reads all, he never matched it.  Never had me again so completely as he did walking down that road - walking for my life. :)
0064400557|5.0|I read Charlotte's Web by E.B. White.  I thought it was a very good book.  It had life matters in it, and it was sad and happy.  I really liked it.  I liked how Fern helped save Wilbur's life and how Charlotte did too,a second time.  I also liked how the book has a happy ending.  I liked how it was mostly about animals.  My favorite characters are Timpleton, Charlotte, and Wilbur.  I recomend Charlotte's Web for all ages and people who like animal stories.   By  Mackenzie Meier
0399128964|5.0|I have read the entire 6 books 3 times and the last two a few more times just by themselves. For me Dune captures everything that an epic should. I agree with virtually everyone else that the movie shouldn't be seen, however, when I first read Dune at the tender age of 10, I didn't know what was going on and seeing the movie was like a simplified version. Following the movie (which left a lot of unanswered questions and inconsistencies begging an answer) I read the graphic novel which I'm not quite sure helped anymore than the movie as it was an even more simplified version of the film. I embarked on the quest somewhere in the mid-eighties and was absolutely hooked. The first book came and went - I found it answered my questions but also left me feeling ripped off at having one of the greatest novels ever written portrayed so badly - weirding modules - Pah! In its defence however it did give me a mental image to go by when picturing the Harkonnens, the planet Arrakis (or Rakis??) and the almightly sandworms, Shai-Hulud (or Schmai-Gunug from the National Lampoon Novel &quot;Doon&quot; which only a true Dune fan will properly enjoy, and for anyone that hasn't read it - find it because it is hysterical!!) Anyway, the series explained a lot to me. Someone above said you have to THINK about Dune to understand it. I believe reading and re-reading the novels give you fantastic edge it problem solving and clear thinking. The author's views on the manipulation of the masses by the few, about religion and politics sharing the same cart, etc. is absolutely mind-bottling. You cannot help but feel humbled by the experience, and empowered by what FH believes mankind with develop - the mental and physical reckoning that come only come through controled breeding. The sci-fi aside (melange, snadworms etc.) gives us more than a short term view on our life expectancy. We are so consumed by what will happen to own lives in the next decade, our corporations and even our country in the next 50 years even - where is the long term thinking, the planning, the strategy? I might have more to say next time, but it has to be one of the greatest lessons to learn about noble purpose and to live the lives of the Duncans and the Divided God! Well done FH!!
0156907399|5.0|The most important aspect of this novel is that Mrs Ramsay manages to console and support an ungrateful husband and her children, especially her son who is dependent upon her for reassurance. She suffers greatly at the hands of her selfish husband, a typical white male &quot;intellectual&quot; who will not even recognize the tremendous strain put upon Mrs. Ramsay. He worries about getting to &quot;X&quot; or even &quot;Y&quot;, as he believes other philosophers do, without realizing that he is fiddling with his chromosomes in a desperate attempt to reassure himself of his greatness. And all the while the women in the novel must suffer and serve males like this. This is a great novel, a heroic story of women's survival in the face of male cruelty. Mrs. Ramsay
0890090572|5.0|This fine volume has the original illustrations of Sydney Paget and Arthur Conan Doyle's stories as they originally appeared in The Strand magazine a century ago.  The adventures and pictures are as thrilling as ever, while the mysteries Holmes and his sidekick Dr. Watson tackle have lost none of their allure.  These are most enjoyable tales, full of intrigue that will arouse the reader's curiosity, and this particular edition is nicely complemented by Paget's fine illustrations.
6304504012|5.0|For the past five years I have been obssessed with the musical, Evita, and the woman.  When I heard that Madonna and Antonio Banderas were to star in the movie adaptation of Evita, I was thrilled.  With such a fantastic cast and crew, I had high expectations of the film.  I saw Evita for the first time at the St. Louis premiere of the film and I was not disappointed.  Madonna did a great job playing Evita.  I did miss the belting voice of Patti LuPone, however.  Antonio Banderas did the best vocals of any Che I have heard.  And Jonathan Pryce delivered an emotional performance.  Evita is a must see!     END
0345349571|5.0|This book is dense, difficult, and full of references to people and events that you have never heard of.   But for those reasons and the fact that it is thoroughly engaging, I cannot recommend it more strongly.   It's my favorite Tuchman book and I've read them all.  Do not approach it lightly.   The organization is there although you are bound to get lost at times.  Just remember, Tuchman knows where she's going, be patient and follow her.  You won't regret the trip and you'll definitely learn something about mankind in the process.
0723236186|4.0|All the familiar tales of Beatrix Potter are in this handsome volume, including Squirrel Nutkin, Little Pig Robinson, and my favorite, Peter Rabbit.  The stories reflect the English culture from the early portion of this century and some things may be a little hard for young American readers to understand, but most of these tales will continue to have a long career of being read to the young.  Full color illustrations enliven this volume of short stories.
044022165X|4.0|I started reading this book in bed, and ended up staying awake until just before sunrise. It's addictive as hell. Rudy Baylor's character drew me in, probably because we've got some of the same issues: no silver-spoon, no Mercedes, no trophy girlfriend/wife, no cushy job waiting for him and creditors chomping at the bit (though I'm not as close to bankruptcy as Mr. Baylor). Everyone loves the underdog, and this book delivers a great underdog in the person of Rudy. In light of the strong main character, I liked the wry first-person narration. I kept turning pages in search of the next development in his relationship with Kelly and his battle of wills with Miss Birdy and her family. Developments there are few and far between, but I kept looking for my next &quot;fix&quot; anyway. The central plot concerning the family of the young man with leukemia fighting the insurance company has tremendous human interest value, but it coasts, especially given the magnitude of Rudy's obstacle, and in a sense disrupted the parts of the book I found more entertaining. We don't really know any of the other characters. That said, the ambulance-chasing Deck is one of the book's bright lights, and one of the grittier characters. I'd have rated this book higher if Grisham let the subplots flow and develop more fully, especially where the shadier characters (Prince and Bruiser Stone) are concerned, and if he had beefed up the central plot's danger quotient. The Rainmaker may not sate demanding intellectual or emotional appetites, but it didn't put me to sleep, either.
0899661351|4.0|I don't usually appreciate rambling, hundred-word sentences, but somehow that works in Dharma Bums. The free-wheeling sentence structure is dense with description of the land Ray Smith traverses, parties, wine-drinking, poetry-reciting sessions, and how all that ties in with his particular brand of Buddhism. I was never sure where they were going to go next. The payoff for me was near the end, where he heads up to Washington state,  ultimately arriving at his fire lookout on remote Desolation Peak in the North Cascades. That's not far from my house, and though much has changed since the '50s, a lot of his description of the trip from Seattle up to the mountain still rings true today. So that's my favorite part of the book, but the whole thing was enjoyable for me. Just don't look for a plot to drive this thing.
0553108034|5.0|Unlike many novels of this genre, this one uses the supernatural only as a delicate seasoning, enhancing, not overpowering.  The real story is in the characters, exotic settings, and intense rivalries. My only complaint is why the author is keeping us waiting for the second course!
0553108034|5.0|Wow! I finally have read a book that incorporates realism, fantasy, maturity, politics, and REAL life in a made up REALISTIC era of the Dark Ages.  I CANNOT get enough of this book and I NEED the next BOOK NOW!!!
0671004107|5.0|With my respect to TITANIC's lovers, CONTACT is one of the most fabulous movies I have seen.  -  People most hungry for meaning : &quot;The one science as valuable give them&quot; ...i.e &quot;science killed GOD&quot;, what if science simply revealed and doesn't exist on the first place. - Okam Rayzer : &quot;Basic Scientific Principal&quot;  &quot;All things being equal, the simplest explanation is the right one&quot; ===&gt; All powerful mysterious GOD created university and decided not to give any prove of his existence OR Have simply doesn't exist at all and we created him so we don't have to feel so small alone.  I like this game. Thomas Al-Hamad
0694517992|1.0|While this book was a good techno-thriller it was awful in its betrayal of (RECENT) historical events.  First of all, US SSN's do not carry ICBMs, nuclear equipped cruise missiles or nuclear torpedos as the author suggests.  Nor do any US surface ships continue to carry any nuclear weapons.  On page 31 the author states the commander of the carrier group has at his disposal nuclear missiles within the carrier and the two SSNs with the group.  Where does this guy get his info, Steven Segal flics??? No, even Segal flics don't overlook obvious tidbits of info such as these.  All nuclear munitions were removed from US naval vessels by President George Bush during his second term.  Supposedly the author had US and British naval officers aid in reviewing the technical info --- they must have skipped a significant amount of the book.  Also, I was in the Navy for a few years and I knew a lot of submariners and there is no way a renegade sub could get that close (espically an old Soviet diesel!!!) And then a torpedo (or more?) is launched and not a single ship or sonobouy picks up the sound, NOT A CHANCE.  Just one more complaint out of so many...  This story supposedly takes place in 2002, the author within the first 100 pages keeps making references to the A-6 Intruder and its role within the carrier air group.  The Intruder was phased out of the Navy in 1997!!! (and this had been planned for a while, so the argument of that's how the force was structured when the book was written is void) Sorry Mr. Robinson, next time do your homework first or write up an intro explaining that things have changed in the world in which you are writing, because this could only occur in another world.
1563523302|4.0|Millionaire Next Door is an absolutely excellent recap of the American opportunity.  As a Financial Planner in the Chicagoland area, I will definately recommed this book (and lend this book) to all of my clients - young or old.  While many of the principles in this book are nothing more than common sense, it is extremely important to see these values in print and supported by first hand data.  Was the author's scientific method 100% sound - NO.  But it does not matter, this book contains the values that will allow one to create wealth from lack of wealth in this nation, at this time, and in to the immediate future.  There is nothing new about the premises of living below your means, not keeping score through leveraged material possessions, saving your money and investing wisely?  In order to achieve anything, sacrifice is required.  I feel those who are exposed to, but do not endorse, the priciples in this book may be victims of themselves: Sadly lacking the discipline needed to do something which may not always be easy and may not always be fun in order to acheive a higher end goal.  One question may remain: What is the fun of being rich if you have to scrimp along the path to achieving your wealth? - because in the end money buys what all of us in America  really crave the most - FREEDOM
0156528207|5.0|I read the Little Prince when I was a child, and knew that it meant something but wasn't really sure what. For years the book sat on my shelf, always mystifying me. Just yesterday a friend of mine told me she just finished it. We had this amazing conversation and I realized (with her help) that everything really is a metaphor for something else (people who have read the book might understand when I explain). For example, the rose represents a child because the LP (little Prince) loved it and took care of it. When he found the rosebushes he realized that his flower was not special. But it was unique in the way that he had raised it and so it was different from all the other flowers.   The sunset = happiness. The LP searched for the sunset wherever he went like a person searching for happiness.  The boabobs = bad child. They needed to be tended to while they were little like a naughty child, so that they did not grow up and destroy the planet.  The snake = death. He befriends the LP but tells him in some metaphorical way that he is inevitable. Also, it explains itself at the end when the snake kills him.  The stars = faith, religion, God. There is a passage in the book that says, the stars are many things to many people. To the wanderers they are a guide, to the scholars they are a problem to solve, to the businessmen they are wealth. The wanderers are like lost souls looking for God, the scholars are theologans looking for proof if God exists, the businessmen are like evangelists who look to God for profit. Also, the king tried to rule the stars but could not because they belonged to everyone. No one can rule God, He belongs to everyone.  Lamplighter = devotion. He could have gone to sleep, but insisted on carrying out his duties.  The well = faith. The LP and &quot;I&quot; searched for the well in the desert and insisted on it being there, even though they didn't know for sure. This is like a person believing in God even though they've never seen Him.   The TurkishAstronomer = descrimination. No on!e listened to his ideas until he changed how he dressed. This represents how people judge other people by appearance.  Little Prince Leaving Flower = Child Growing Up. She had her thorns for defense but it was still a transition into life on her own, like a child going into adulthood.  King's Robes Covering the Planet = People's possessions cluttering their lives. There was no room for anything else because his robe was in the way.  Geographer = law, justice. He was like a judge, carrying out the orders after they were proven. He had his explorers report to him with their findings (like attorneys) and after he had confirmed what happened, he wrote them down. It also represents how he didn't care about the flower unless it was ephemeral--like a judge who doesn't care about anyone unless they have anything to do with his profession.   Message of Book = simplify your life. All that The Little Prince had on his planet was a flower and three mountains. He was extraordinarily happy, until he came to the other planets. Everyone else was busy with something, but his simple life made him happy. It was the sunset at the end of the day (or any time of the day) that made his life worth living. All of the other people on the other planets were preoccupied with alcohol, figures, reigning over everyone else, etc, all &quot;matters of consequence,&quot; and they weren't happy. The little Prince was happy.   Whew!
0446310786|5.0|An IMPRESSIVE classic! It was so good, I seriously  considered entering Law School after reading this! For any classicphobiacs, this book's an excellent, smooth-reading yet intense read!
0553284347|5.0|Essential reading for anyone dealing with their own or patients'/clients' blockages in growing to be a healthy adult human being. Covers the whole spectrum of parental abuse and neglect and offers a tough yet feasible blue-print for healing. Extremely helpful for the huge number of people mired in feelings of guilt, shame and inadequacy.
0399128964|5.0|Dune by Frank Herbert 517 pages Published by G.P. Putnam's Sons/New York    The shields are down.  The Duke has been shot.  The Harkonnen are approaching Arrakeen.  Dune is filled with excitement and suspense.  It's an experience of the future.  Will the Atreides defeat the Harkonnens?  Or will they be left in ruin?  I think this is the best science-fiction book I have ever read.  There is a lot of action and you can understand most of the things written.  There were only a few parts where I was a little lost, and I didn't know what was going on.  There were manythings I liked about this book that kept me \\"hooked\\" in.  The first thing is the suspense.  The things Frank Herbert wrote just kept making me want to go on to the next chapter and on.\\"  I thinkDune is an excellent book and everyone should give it a try.  I highly recommendthis to anyone.  There isn't anyone who doesn't like action and excitement.
0451191153|4.0|I'll give this book one thing, it is very gripping.  I can barely put it down, but not because I agree with it.  Rand has characters use terribly written arguments for socialism, society and religion in order to mock them.  Instead, we should all behave without sympathy, emotion, compassion, altruism, feeling or religion.  Reason will be our absolute, and everyone will be an absolute individualist. &quot;Egoism is the fountainhead of human progress.&quot; she says. We all know nothing good ever came from cooperation.  It's a good book, but I don't agree with it.
0060392584|5.0|When I had first bought Marilyn Mansons album, AntiChrist Superstar, I listened and listened to the lyrics...some I could understand. After I read THE LONG HARD ROAD OUT OF HELL I understood more. I have been a HUGE fan of Marilyn Manson for quite some time now and now I LOVE him even more. Its a awesome book...I recommend you read it...it can &quot;clue you in&quot; on his life...it makes you understand where he comes from.
0394810112|3.0|I found the book very easy to follow.  It was always interesting to find out where they would go next.  I recommend the book to any child between the ages of 9 and 12.
0887306667|4.0|Too many books about marketing mention about IMB, XEROX,GM,MICROSOFT, etc...<BR>. It would be interesting to have more about marketing of engineering processes vs marketing of products for mass consumption.<BR> Marketing a product &quot;off the shelf&quot; and an&quot;industrial process&quot; are two different stories.<BR> This aspect of marketing is often neglected by those writing books on marketing.<BR>.
0345409671|2.0|I am an avid Anne Rice, and as much I love her Vampire Chronicle characters, I believe she should have ended this series with Queen of the Damned, rather than continue with TOTBT and this title. The stories seem anti-climatic and lack the magic and passion of the first three novels. It's as if Anne is writing only to please fans of the series, instead of pleasing her self as she did when writing IWTV. A big disappointment.
1568491581|5.0|This book is one of the greatest of our era!  M. Scott Peck has written a classic of which his subsequent books don't even approach.  This book comprises four main topics; Discipline, Love, Growth/Religion, and Grace.  His coverage of the four basic methods of discipline and how they are interrelated is a masterpiece alone and is a &quot;must read&quot; for parents wishing to raise mentally healthy children.   The definition of love as &quot;The will to extend one's self for the purpose of nurturing one's own or another's spiritual growth&quot; is also quite refreshing.   This book is for anyone with the courage to grow.  If you are afraid of the truth...do not read this book!
0684874350|5.0|Memoirs about lives of suffering have become quite fashionable, and many published are not worth the trees. Angela's Ashes is a glowing exception! The opening page about the baleful effect of the river on the city of Limerick is magnificent. The story calls to mind A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, not only because of similar family dynamics but because the theme in that earlier bestseller of the tree pushing its way up through asphalt and wasteland is such a metaphor for the minds and spirits of the children. Angela's Ashes also brings to mind Thomas Wolfe's Look Homeward, Angel, for the full-bodied depiction of a dysfunctional family that shows warmth as well as meanness and pain; for example, Frank's father, despicably no-good bum that he is, has his moments of being not only a charming storyteller but a gentle mentor to his son.<BR><br />My mother's family were Irish, and plagued by alcoholism. I find it surprising, and somewhat heartening, that McCourt's tale of poverty became a bestseller in America during a time when the political climate seems to support a return to those Bad Old Days that McCourt depicts so well: the days when the dispensing of charity or The Dole had to be accompanied by gross humiliation, and teachers routinely heaped children with verbal and physical abuse.<BR> <br />Sadly, as terrible as McCourt's childhood was, there are many in the world that are worse: he was severely neglected but not physically abused by his parents; they loved him (within their limitations); he was able to go to school (unpleasant though it was); his family could fall back on that dole (which our politicians are working now to eliminate); and apparently he did not grow up with the major mental and physical handicaps that malnutrition can cause in children.<BR> <br />It's a moving book; I look forward to McCourt's next.  CHRIS
0060168366|4.0|To try to encompass the entire American experience in one volume is an example of hubris in historical writing taken to an extreme.  Yet Paul Johnson has a track record of undertaking similar gargantuan projects and producing remarkable results.  The present work nonetheless suffers in comparison with some of his earlier works.  Errors of fact compound an interpretation of relatively modern events which suffers from the same (rightist) lack of objectivity that he ascribes to earlier (leftist) historians.  (Surely FDR could not have been all that bad as a president, and still fooled more than one generation of analysts as to his greatness?)  Still, revisionist history is somewhat in vogue now. (Churchill, for one, is an example of a larger-than-life figure who seems to attract modern detracting biographers like a plague of locusts!)  And revisionist history is useful if only to stir the pot of mummified thought and make us re-evaluate what is truly &quot;great&quot; (if we are allowed to use that word) about a country, leader, or whatever.  The trick, of course, in any book such as this, is to exclude the valid from the invalid; to (in somewhat coarser terminology) &quot;pick the flyshit from the pepper&quot;.  If you can do that successfully in this instance, you are left with a wonderfully ambitious and entertaining treatment of a great nation.
031218087X|5.0|Dan Brown sent me an e-mail asking me to read and review his book.  I am happy I agreed.  I picked up this book and I statrted to read it and I couldn't put it down until I finished.  I hope to see more from this author in the future as he is most certinaly the next great government mystery writer.  Great Job Dan Brown
630414542X|5.0|Most &quot;purists&quot; would agree, I'm sure, that this is THE highlander movie to see.  Especially for those who have seen the series and want to know how it all started.  The pilot episode of the series attempts to explain the &quot;Game&quot;, but the movie lets you experience it first hand as Sean Connery imparts his knowledge and skill on to Christopher Lambert in a centuries-old struggle of immortals who live and die by the sword.  Through excellently directed &quot;flashbacks&quot; which are intricately woven into the plot of the movie, we trace the life of Connor MacLeod of the Clan Macleod--a warrior who dies in battle in 1518, only to be &quot;reborn&quot; into immortality. Clancy Brown plays the villian superbly.  Also, the director's commentary and the additional footage are a MUST!!! Don't see this film unless it's the director's cut!     END
0679457313|4.0|From the looks of the customer reviews posted here, it seems readers either love it or hate it.  Personally, I thought the book was beautiful; I found Ms. Roy's prose jazzy, lyrical and the story haunting.  But I'm really writing to suggest that, if you're steeped in a Western tradition so much that you think ONLY Faulkner, Conrad, Eliot, and Joyce are &quot;worth reading,&quot; don't bother with this book.  If you're already predisposed to think that anything different is either pretentious or unworthy of notice, move on. Amateur &quot;critics&quot; complain that Roy uses too many similes or that her prose is &quot;crass,&quot; that she tries to hard and unsuccessfully to copy the style of Salman Rushdie, that the success of the book is due merely to the &quot;exotic&quot; setting that Roy somehow exploits, that Roy shows a &quot;narcissistic streak&quot; in trying to identify with her lead character, that &quot;logic is a major casualty in this novel&quot; in that it lacks a traditional &quot;process of development,&quot; that Roy's aim is &quot;to make an impression rather than tell a story.&quot:...consider the counter-arguments: All authors are influenced by those who came before them; the setting is only &quot;exotic&quot; to Westerners who haven't lived in India; in identifying with a character, the author adds depth to the story; logic is a construct of thinking that may not apply in all cases; sometimes life is a series of impressions rather than a linear plot; most real stories don't end happily ever after. You people who don't like the book are entitled to your opinions...
0140187650|5.0|I have to agree with the storm of criticism your <BR> reviewer has received.  I read Eichman in <BR> order to understand how a civilized society <BR> could descend in barbarism so quickly.  The <BR> value of this book is that it is a cautionary <BR> tale about what it is possible in any society that values obedience and <BR> conformity above the higher values of human <BR> life, honesty in dealings with others and <BR> justice.
0517122707|5.0|By far, one of the funniest books I've ever read.  Ignatius has a screwed-up viewpoint of the world or so it seems.  The things he tried (the worker's rebellion, Sodomites for World Peace, among others) are incredibly and painfully funny.  As a friend of mine who borrowed my copy said, &quot;It gets out of control in the first page and gets worse and worse as it goes.&quot;  The humor isn't for everyone and it is definitely _not_ politically correct (and was never meant to be).  If you don't like irreverent humor, or you require warm-fuzzy's when you read a novel, don't bother.  But if you like to read and laugh out loud, go for it.
0440224764|4.0|I would have ranked it with my favorites, The Firm and The Client, had it not been for the weak ending. The ending was out of character with the  rest of the book, and anticlimactic. It was a great read, fast and easy, but ended with a flat tire.
0679731725|4.0|On one level, this is simply the well-written tale of an English butler. On another, it is a Japanese author's allegory about the striking parallels between British and Asian society. The sense of honor, duty and dignity that Stevens carries is precisely what one finds in many Asian and Asian-American families, with characteristic traits of emotional restraint and self-sacrifical service. Ishiguro has found in England an analogy for the Asian culture he hails from.  <br />And yet this is a story with far wider application. It speaks a word of warning to the many workaholic Americans who spend their lives in professional pursuits at the expense of family concerns and personal growth. It also has ramifications for communication theory and interpersonal relationships. Very often the genius of the narrative is not in what the author says, but what is left unsaid, which the reader is left to intuit from the subtleties of the text.  <br />All in all, an amazing work - one of the few where both book and movie provide finely crafted dialogue and well-developed characterization.
1574530011|4.0|My son, age 14, and I read this book together. He loved the philosophical material and did not seem discouraged by the rather onerous plot. I am glad to have Nick's mind opened to new paths of inquiry. I am concerned about an aspect of the plot. The adolescent Sophy repeatedly lies to her mother and runs off to have clandestine meetings with a middle-aged man, completely unknown to her,  in a variety of isolated settings, following the lure that he will teach her new things. She finally runs away with him. Am I the only one who considers this a bizarre &quot;model&quot; to give to children? Even my 14 year old said, &quot;Isn't that the sort of thing you told me never to do? He could molest her.&quot;  The intro to philosophy is fine, but I found more to object to in the story than a cumbersome plot.
0060392584|5.0|I have listened to Marilyn Manson's music for three years now, and this book cleared up several misconceptions and ideas about Manson.  The story presented in the book is very compelling.  It is an easy read and is very entertaining.
0679416781|5.0|I picked up this book on a Saturday morning and I finished reading it on Sunday morning.  It was too good to put down!  My father was a sapper with the New Zealand Engineers in the Middle East and in Italy during the Second World War.  This book described in full detail the stories that my father had tried to tell me as a child.  When I had finished, my first thought was to phone my father and tell him that now I understood.  But he is dead.  It lead us through the horror of war in such a documentary, matter of fact style, that it all seemed so real, so cruel but in the circumstances, so necessary. I had seen the movie first and found the book to be so much better.  So tragic. So simple.  Just like life.  Some readers will regret that there is no instant, sugar-coated ending to this book.  If a reader wants that then he/she should watch sit-coms. The most beautiful thing about this book is that it deifies the human spirit, the majesty that exists in each of us, despite the surroundings and the circumstances, if only we will let it come through.
0451191153|1.0|This was the first novel about an architect's life I've found, so I'm giving it a rating of &quot;1&quot;, hoping to find many more excellent books in the genre. I did enjoy The Fountainhead. It's a good book. The neat story line was easy to follow, and the 700 pages of simplified philosophy about life of human being as a creator gave me long-lasting relief from reality. I recommend this novel to any artists/designers out there, who are seeking the most basic form of inspiration.
0812550757|5.0|Everyone with some taste should read Card's little story with the pequeninos
0060168366|4.0|Whee1    What a trip!<br />  Paul Johnson is one helluva historian, as readers of his previous work will admit. And reading a history of US by one of THEM is a decidedly interesting experience.<br />  Mr. Johnson spends more time discussing the characters of the people who made our history, than on the actual events that occurred. And his analysis of these characters is either enlightening or infuriating, depending upon your personal mind set. Many of the people that we  revere as heroes or revile as villains come out the other way around.  Washington survives rather well, but Jefferson has a few dents (he had no sense of humor). Aaron Burr was a &quot;sharp-faced New York lawyer&quot; (I didn't realize that the breed went back that far). Polk remains a hero,  and so does Lincoln. J. P. Morgan was the Federal Reserve Bank of his time.<br />  Teddy R was a real winner. Wilson was great but tragic. Harding, Coolidge and Hoover, who we think of as architects of the Great Depression, were unlucky heroes.  Now that's a surprise! . And  FDR is more or less lacerated. Truman and Eisenhower  get high marks, but Kennedy is dissected and stamped on. In Mr. Johnson's analysis, Jack was a creation by and for old Joe, and Camelot was a side show put on by Jackie.<br />  Here's a delicious bit. The famous line &quot;Ich bin ein Berliner&quot; translates as &quot;I am a donut.&quot; I'd love to believe that.<br />  Mr. Johnson is a conservative, and it shows. He has a deep distrust of the liberal media, and blames it for much evil that has befallen.  Fidel Castro, he allows, was sponsored by the New York Times. And he seems to have nothing but contempt for the parade of American artists and  intellectuals who devoted most of their lives, and all of their admiration, to Europe.<br />   He writes in a style which might be called &quot;history by digression.&quot; One starts out reading about the Civil War,  and wanders into a deep discussion of monetary policy. Meanwhile, back at the ranch, the Indians are being persecuted. Its ok, and always informative, but can occasionally be frustrating. If one knows the story, one wants to be able to savor it<br />  Enough carping.<br />   If you are not interested in American History, you should be ashamed of yourself.<br />   If you ARE interested in American History, you should read this book.<br />
0030839939|4.0|This used to be (maybe still is) *the* standard textbook for solid-state physics.  You won't learn about solid-state electronics; for that go to Sze's books. On the other hand, for a solid overview of all of the physics you find in solid-state devices (plus explanation of many of the methods of characterization of materials), it is extremely good. The only reason I give it an 8 rather than a 10 is that it is a little out of date in respects to methods of characterization (which means the entire mess of STM/AFM/whatever is left out, for example.)  Even so, it is *much* better than Kittel, which is the other standard book used.
0385486804|4.0|I was standing in a bookstore, waiting for my friends to find whatever it was they were looking for.  I noticed Into The Wild mostly because of the text which constitutes the book's cover.  I opened it up, and didn't stop reading until I was finished.<br />It's the story of a young man who, frustrated with family, society, and the mediocre/cliche American standard of living, goes on walk-about across America and ends up in Alaska, living off the land and playing the lead role in his own grandest dream.<br />And doing it well, according to this account.  The only thing that kept Chris from living to tell his own tale was a minor mistake, one easily made by someone well-read but unprofessional in the study of edible plants.  This mistake marks the sudden end of Chris' long and fascinating journey into the very heart of America (not just Alaska).<br />I personally believe that had Chris come out of Alaska alive, he would have, in time and as we all do, come to understand his parents and society in general, at least enough to tolerate and forgive. That's what I told myself in order to squelch the disturbing emotions that plagued me as I read about his complete rejection of Billie and Walt, his loving parents.  Most people, I suspect, remember a time when their personal ideals were much higher than the state of affairs which surround us.  Growing out of that way of thinking is almost inevitable for us, resembling something of a rite of passage.  To never have to grow out of it would make this world a better place.  And Chris never did.  I accept that.<br />The story could not possibly have been written better. Krakauer included the stories of other fateful adventures set upon by like-minded individuals, to include his own dangerous and impetuous experience with nature.  These accounts help the reader to understand that Chris' story is not really news, but a story told time and again by America's youth, most of whom live to recount their &quot;impetuous youth.&quot;  Furthermore, Krakauer's own story gives us a reason to trust his assessment of McCandless, because like-behavior is regularly the result of like-mindedness, and who better to talk about McCandless' possible intentions and interpretations of his experience than one who recognizes and relates to Chris' actions as well as does Krakauer.  I trust his assessment of Chris' intentions and thought processes much more so than my own, because I cannot picture myself lighting upon a path even vaguely similar to the one Chris took.<br />Krakauer was brilliant in designing this story.  Expounding on correspondence, conversations, personal accounts, and the history of humanity's love affair with danger and nature helped to create a story of intrigue and suspense.  He intermixes all of these things with Chris' story in such a way that Chris' every step and response was made understandable, reasonable, even predictable in some way; this was startling to me, because nothing about what happened to the man seemed reasonable or typical to me upon reading the first pages.  Eventually, I found myself thinking, &quot;Oh, of course he would behave in this way or do that &quot;crazy&quot; thing.  How else would someone like Chris react?&quot;<br />I recommend this work to anyone who ever tried to reach a dream and failed, for you have lived to make the effort another day.  I recommend it for those who have reached their dreams, for many of those who do take that very fact for granted.  I recommend it for anyone considering the adventure on which Chris' embarked a possibility for themselves; it won't hurt to be as prepared as one can possibly be.  I recommend it to any parent who hopes to raise a child intelligent and intuitive enough to understand the inherent contradictions of living the American dream.  Say what you mean, do what you say, and give your child all the space and closeness they need, no more, no less.  As Billie and Walt McCandless know only too well, your kids don't have to reciprocate your love and understanding of them, but you will not want to live without it.  Finally, I recommend this book to most of the Americans out there today who think they are living life to the fullest.  You aren't.
0060392584|5.0|I am somewhat interested in Marilyn Manson, and must say that I wasn't overly excited when I bought the book.  However, I started reading the book and I have never said this before but I read it in one sitting because I simply could not put it down.  I just couldn't put it down and stayed up until 5 A.M. reading it. If you are even remotely interested in this screwed up rock star then you will thoroughly enjoy this book.
0316518565|3.0|Though it is true that the book is only a partial recount of the Barings story, I didn't think it was as bad as some have said. Personally, it seemed to me like pages full of what slack risk management can do.
1573225517|4.0|1) The irony of the &quot;women's magazine complaint&quot; about foreplay. 2) The &quot;panties revelation&quot;. 3) The &quot;rules of a mix tape&quot; 4) the truth that friends, family, stangers, like you better when you have a girlfriend. 5) The &quot;law&quot;: once you have sex with someone you can't speak to them.
0684800713|5.0|THE SUN ALSO RISES is one of my favorite books, and easily Hemingway's best (he thought so, too). One thing RISES has that Hemingway's later novels didn't is personality. Hemingway's later novels were very dry in tone (and I love them), and the characters spoke with verbal sterility (Richard Ford wrote that Hemingway's characters sound somewhat like robots. This description could in no way apply to RISES' characters). THE SUN ALSO RISES has humor and life, and the best dialogue I've ever read. I've read parts of RISES countless times. It's been knocked for being a collection of vignettes, and not strong on plot (and I don't consider &quot;plot&quot; a sin like some literary snobs do). But the vignettes (that do serve the story) are so beautifully crafted, they are a pure pleasure to read. There are two books I've read where, in parts, I wish I could have stepped inside the books and lived what was happening. WAR AND PEACE is one. THE SUN ALSO RISES is the other.
031218087X|5.0|Man, this book had me laying awake at nights wondering what was gonna happen to Susan next, and counting the seconds until I could grab the book off my dresser and open it back up.  It was good, and I had trouble determining that this was Brown's first novel.  While it is true that his main characters seem a bit perfect, I'd like to see him write another story with them in it.
0452277752|5.0|The reason I gave it a nine is because road work was not as good. The Long Walk was the best book I have read in my life! Rage was cool when the kid just snapped and held his class up hostage! The Running Man was nothing like the movie they made. I recommend this book to a lot of people. Its a great book to read!
1573225517|5.0|This book describes almost exactly what goes on in the minds of my friends.  Sad but true, we do think this way.
0606118144|5.0|This book is great for people who like fantasy and despise reading or the opposite.  If you're a Tamora Pierce, Philip Pullman, Robin McKinley, and Brian Jacques fan (like me!) this is a MUST read.  Try it out even if you're not, you won't have regrets. I heard somewhere that this is Nix's first fantasy novel, and if it is, he has a good start!  I can't wait for the second book in the series to come out!!!!
0679416781|5.0|The English Patient swept me away from crowded commutes and transported me into a mystical world of memories, raw and confused emotions, and heartwrenching stories.  Ondaatje's unique writing style seems to set before us a mystical puzzle (of what?  read on!), each piece intense and beautiful, and each fit mysterious and provocative.  I have read the book three times and no experience was the same, as there is a different path to follow with each read.  Ondaatje's puzzle elicits some of life's deepest questions, and like the desert to your body, makes your mind and spirit thirsty.
1563890119|5.0|This book, like most tpb's in the Vertigo line was a sheer work of art.  One of my favorite writers (Gaiman) weaved yet another fantastic tale.  On the fantasy and horror aspects of this book I reccomend it to anyone who wants to be wowed.
0449002632|4.0|I really enjoyed his book but found that sometimes the gaps were too great and not enough English History was included. All in all,  you get the feeling of the times and like his other books (Sarum and Russka) it is riveting and difficult to put down (which is a bit of a problem since it's a pretty thick book) Do not start if you have something improtant lined up.
0385484518|5.0|Okay. It isn't Shakespeare. But real truths ALWAYS seem simple once someone else has captured them for us. I just thought that this was a wonderful book that reminded me of truths forgotten and taught me a few new truths as well.
0060920432|5.0|For me, this book provided my first insight into how people really become happy. We're happy when we are in flow. Unlike many of the &quot;happy psychology&quot; books that are available, this one feels true. It's also backed up by real research; the author is not a pop psychology dude but a real researcher. (I understand from the university psych community that M.C.'s work may not be universally admired, but that may simply be because it is approachable and understandable by your average educated person.) <br /> It's rare to find a book that agrees with both what I think and what I feel. For anyone who wants to have new insights into what makes us feel happy (and who doesn't?), I highly recommend this book.  <br /> Additionally, I recommend his latest book, Creativity. I would skip much of his second popular book, Finding Flow, which gets into a lot of metaphysical stuff that doesn't agree with either how I feel or how I think. Flow, however, is the key to understanding the rest of his work.
0451169514|5.0|I first read his book a few months ago, and  LOVED it!!! <BR> i dont care what other reviews may say - it was<BR> Absolutely Fabulous! you can realy<BR> identify with the caracters in the book.<br />
0880381736|5.0|This book takes very little time to get to the action/fighting part. Just as the companions reunite, they get into trouble. The plot is easily followed and the events are believable. The kender creates some of the most humorous scenes. Tasslehoff is just a fun person to be around with. If it weren't for Tanis, that kender would probably get into a lot more trouble. Then Tas would bring the trouble back to the companions, whether they want it or not.
0792722264|4.0|This is the first of Thayer's books I have read.  I actually liked it. It was a quick, smooth read (i.e., good airplane book).  I especially liked the historical nature of the book.  I believe the true essence of this book is not the main storyline but the description of the human condition in Germany towards the end of WWII.  Having lived in Poland, I have seen the suffering from a different point of view.  Besides, I have to like the book because a character has the last name of Quast (even if he does misplace his anti-tank weapon)!
0141301074|5.0|I give this book a 9 because it was very, very funny.  The pictures are great.  My favorite part was when the monkeys and birds got back at the Twits.
0670880728|5.0|This is one of the best and funniest books I have read! The references to life in London is fabulous.
0345347951|5.0|I read this book when I was about 15 and I absolutely loved it. It was the first book that really gripped my imagination. I'm decades older now and have recently re-read it and it still had the same impact as before. A classic science fiction read that needs to be made into a movie.
0395645662|5.0|This book was the book to get me to start reading. Once I got past the... different cover, I realized what a beautiful book it truly was. The book itself told of a life of a young boy that loved his life but didn't know what he was missing... or what people were hiding from him. When I had finished reading the book I thought -What a wonderful ending- because that's just what it was. Some authors leave details out, leave strings hanging, not tied into a knot, but Lois Lowery tied them tight with a shiny red ribbon. Highly reccommended for people just starting to read
0312853238|5.0|I'm 32.  I read Ender's Game when I was in High School and forgot about it completely.  Then I stumbled across it in a bookstore and read it again.  I couldn't put it down and promptly returned to by anything else I could by Card.  By this time, Xenocide, and the other sequels were available.  Really a great story.  Also check out Pastwatch.  That one leaves you thinking.  And if you like Ender, I would suggest Feintuch's &quot;Hope&quot; series.  Midshipman's Hope is best, but they are all good.
0884271536|2.0|The Critical Chain is the first &quot;business novel&quot; I've read although I've read a lot of business books and a lot of novels.  I like the &quot;business&quot; part of this book (applying Theory of Constraints to project scheduling) a lot more than the &quot;novel&quot; part. I thought his female characters were shallow and stereotypical.  Like others in this thread, I wish that the key concepts were summarized in an appendix. Nonetheless, the application of TOC to project scheduling is interesting and useful.
0684874350|5.0|As a devoted reader of fiction, I reluctantly decided to read Angela's Ashes, by Frank<BR> McCourt. Praised by all who had read it, I was  skeptical.  Not only was it nonfiction, but it was also a story of a young boy in Depression- era Ireland. I also wondered <BR>just what the  title, which referred to the author's mother, actually meant. I certainly <BR> had grim thoughts!  My first reaction was that it would be a  depressing, &quot;uncomfortable&quot; story to read.<BR> <br />What a wonderful surprise I found! Yes, the  story tells of a time in which one  wonders how anyone could survive,(and there are  plenty of those who did not), but the way  in<BR> which McCourt tells of each character  and the surrounding circumstances is done  with an optimistic slant.  I found myself reading of grim happenings, and then  in the  next minute,<BR> laughing aloud at a description or a statement made. <BR>  <br /> Thank God that McCourt did survive so that he could bring us this wonderful story.  The  book reads like the best of novels. Depressing? Yes, but in the face of the sadness  and all of the distressing events, this story of a young boy growing up is also a joy to read!<BR>
0425074811|4.0|I think its an interesting way of looking at some of the unexplained events of the past cultures - If you want to read a book about ancient cultures then this not the book for you - but if your a little more adventurous and dont have a problem with accepting or at least suspending disbelief then try it - Its worth it - Another title on the same subject is a book called &quot;Gods of the new millenium&quot; by Alan F. Alford - this is a better book by all means and if you can get your hands on this one then you can truly appreciate what both the writers are trying to say - basically not for the weak minded - It gives you something to think about and you can bet its different.
0684135051|5.0|This book will take the blind follower by the hand and get you too knit your first hat and sweater while learning important techniques as you go.  Some people might require a a simpler break down of the knit and pearl stitches but I found that this was the book that taught me to knit.  Use as a jumping board to other Zimmerman books and then you can do anything!
0060920084|5.0|unless you want to have strangers wondering if you are insane with laughter. This is easily the funniest book I've ever read. If you've ever been in the back seat of a car as a small child, you will not be able to contain yourself. Remember, you were warned!
0375701427|2.0|Frankly, the first book I read by Mr. Roth, The Great American Novel, about 25 years ago, was my last. . . until I gave him a reprieve with American Pastoral.  The reason why I decided to read this one was based on the reviews by the so-called experts.  I wish I had had more faith in my instincts.  I was just as bored this time around as the first.  Then again, what have I missed?  Someone(s) must think very highly of this work to award Mr. Roth a Pulitzer.
0451191153|5.0|Fountainhead is a book everyone has an opinion on and you either hate it or love it, theres no in between - If your the kind of person who reads this book and loves it then join the club, cause everything you hear about it is true - It can change your life and the way you think, but to enter the club you gotta believe in the philosophy - Hats off to you madame Rand you have truly given us something to think about - theres no book I have read and dont think there will be one which will affect me like this book - After reading it dont be surprised if you start believing your Roark cause thats what happened to me.
068484267X|5.0|We just read this in my book club and I can't wait for our review session next week. We are serving food and drink in the spirit of the book (we might all end up drunk and famished when it's over). I'm recommending this book to everyone who wants to read a very important story on human nature. I'm dying to know what happened after Frank arrived in America.
0060263857|5.0|Charlett's Web was a wonderful book. Once you start reading it is is hard to put down. I love animals so I really loved how the story was narrated by animals. This book should have won the Newberry Award, if you ask me.
0887307396|5.0|I am the owner of a medium size consultancy - still in its early years. I consult to many large corporations often on issues of long term structure and community significance. I found Built to Last an exceptional book to assist with both my consulting work, and also with the development of my own company. The depth of research and research techniques themselves are commendable. Credibility is the result. The idea that companies contributing in great measure to civilisation underlies much of this book. Why they contribute so much, and how they do it are fascinating in themselves. But it is the very concept of &quot;built to last&quot; that I found of greatest interest. The idea that we can build great companies, as well as great nations, and great organisations, and great families is quite inspiring. I thank the authors for their contribution to our understanding of business and increasing the sum total of wisdom in the world.
0553212478|5.0|!Correction! Frankenstein is the name of the scientist - the monster that he creates is nameless and is referred to usually as a &quot;demon&quot; Moving onwards....<br /> If you have ever sat down to watch a horror movie from anything dating back to the 80s or earlier, it is usually for the purpose of getting a few laughs (those are special effects?!?),but the horror in the book is quite tangible.  The most fascinating aspect of the novel is the transformation of the monster - initially the reader is repulsed at the creature, and then as they learn the monster's biography, humanitarian feelings of pity and of sympathy is all that the monster deserves.  Hatred towards Frankenstein grows - due to his selfish thirst for knowledge, the downfall of him, his family, and his creation is inevitable.  Easy to read, Shelley's descriptive language and moving plot keep the reader continually turning the pages to discover the next twist.  Told in frames, Frankenstein is a classic - the origin of all horror.
006017322X|5.0|This is a great book about the life of a white family whose father takes on a case with a black man. The children have to go through alot like being teased at school because their father is defending a black man. They also live by Boo Radley that hasn't been seen for years.  The kids are scared of him and think that he is going to hurt them, but when Scout and Jem are attacked Boo saves Jem's life and they really find out that Boo isn't a bad guy after all.  This is one of the best book I ever had to read.
0345315227|4.0|I was impressed with 3001, but I hadn't read the others in the Odyssey chain.  I am reading 2010 as I thought it might shed some light on 3001 -- sort of a literary reverse engineering thing.  Sure is dark in here.
0899662439|5.0|This is a story of love between a proud man and a prejudiced woman. It's delightful to see how the characters change as the story proceeds. Unlike most other novels that I read , the supporting cast is also elegantly developed, each with a character of it's own. Rich in content while keeping the plot simple.
006017322X|5.0|at first when i tried to read this book,the first few pages were to confusing.i had to put it down and stop reading it.later i tried it again,and once i got past the first few pages i couldnt belive how much i loved.it was,and still is one of my favorites out of all the books ive read(and belive me i have read a lot!)most of my books are on my shelves,but this one? oh no!it has its own special place on my basket.i can't bring myself to put it away. then it would be like   i was finnaly addmitting the book was over !and i dont want the magic to end!i didnt put much about the book in here,but mabye if people see how much i love it,they'll read it anyway!here's my advice:DO NOT GO THOROUGH LIFE WITHOUT READING THIS BOOK! ITS GREAT!!!!!!!!!!
044022165X|5.0|The master of the court room and legal drama/mystery, pulls no punches in this effert. He successfully brings your heart and emotion into play with this book, you find yourself drawn into the lives of some very interesting characters, and when the verdict is in you cheer, till...
0670824399|5.0|i read this book along time ago,but i still think of it as one of my favorites.i found it extremely creative,original,and most of all FUNNY!!! it was helirious with ms trunchbull and all.i think you should read the book and not just see the movie,even though it was good too.i mean, with dahl you cant go wrong!!!!!
0553108034|5.0|Mark my words, when Martin's four-book extravaganza is completed, it will go down in history as the best fantasy series of all-time.  I talked to a representative at BDD (Martin's publisher) who has read snippets of the unfinished manuscript for A CLASH OF KINGS.  He said that this book is going to take imaginative fiction to new levels, and put previous so-called works of &quot;epic&quot; fantasy to shame.  George R.R. Martin is THE best fantasy writer around.  If you haven't read A GAME OF THRONES yet, do so immediately. <br />    P.S. Look for a story by George R.R. Martin in the anthology LEGENDS: STORIES BY THE MASTERS OF MODERN FANTASY, to be published by TOR in October 1998.  Martin will be contributing a 100+ page story set in the world of A SONG OF ICE AND FIRE.  I guess he'll have to build a new set of shelves to hold all the awards he's going to take home in the coming year.  He's already got a handful for A GAME OF THRONES, and there's still three books left in the series (A CLASH OF KINGS, A DANCE WITH DRAGONS, THE WINDS OF WINTER).
0892563508|5.0|A small group of firms in a country devastated by war rose to the top in one of the world's most competitive industries. Only by thinking of the way things were done, and why. Everyone connected to the automobile should read this book, and review how things are done in his company.
0425107469|5.0|I loved this book and could only put it down when I was shot, stabbed, slapped, beaten with a baseball bat, and had my wisdom teeth pulled.
1567312373|5.0|I first ran into this gem of a trilogy back in the 70's, and talk about conspiracy theory run rampant!!!  Wilson and Shea take the reader on a *WILD* ride through conspiracy after conspiracy, layering such diverse ideas as Atlantis, John Dillinger, the Illuminatus conspiracy, and H.P. Lovecraft, with a dash of sex, violence, romance thrown in!  This is one trilogy that will leave you wondering what the HECK is going on in this loony world we live in???   BE WARNED - this book is NOT, repeat, NOT to be taken seriously...                         ...or is it???
0812523369|5.0|This is by far my favorite book!  Elizabeth Bennett was ahead of her times, a lady who paled in the beauty of her sister.  And I would love to meet someday a man like Fitzwilliam Darcy who can see through her lack of means and radiating sister to see the real woman whom he can truly love.  And each of the five sisters represent a stereotype of women in literature in those days.  The beautiful, the independent nurturer, the bookworm, the flirt, and the follower.  Everyone ends up with someone in the end who matches their personalities with the exception of Mary, who stays with the woebegone father.  A must for anyone who is a romantic at heart.
0553573403|5.0|Absoulty the best fantasy I have read.  Tolkien, Jordan, Feist, etc, I have enjoyed them all.  But those books where/are adolescent.  With one book Martin has made the genre reach Adulthood in an outstanding manner.  Bring on Book 2
0671004107|5.0|I have read both the book and the movie, and was impressed by both.  Each form of the story did its job well.  Since both the book and the screenplay were written by Carl Sagan (who died during filming) the movie does not suffer from the total evisceration of the plot so common in many book-based movies. <br /><br /> One thing movie-watching book-lovers must realize is that it is literally impossilbe to cram  all of a 400 page book into a 2 hour movie.  Especially if you want to have your movie viewed by someone with the intelligence of your average American. (i.e. The the ones who pen (in another review): &quot;Carl Sagan can't right [sic] worth anything!&quot; and others expound on the glories of the movie, apparently not even realizing that it is a book too.) <br /><br /> I think it is obvious that the movie did not even try to duplicate to plot lines of the book, as that would be too tedious and would not be the best choice for a movie.  For instance, Ellie's long affair with the National Science Adviser, while it could have been duplicated in the movie, would have consumed a large chunk of the screen time (much longer than a one-night stand with Joss.) and Ellie's love life was certainly not the point of either form of the story, although in the book, it served to add character depth.  The debates with the religous characters in the book would have consumed a good 20-30 minutes of valuable movie time, which needed to be spent in other places. <br /><br /> Now for some biased opinions.  I believe that Carl Sagan developed a greater animosity toward religion as he grew older.  In the book, he certainly does not view religion as a friend, but he seees to have ambivilence about it.  His view seems to be, &quot;If not carried to extremes, what's the harm?&quot;  I recently read &quot;Demon Haunted World&quot; (written by him in 1996) I get the impression that he views religion as the enemy of reason and a scourge to be struck from the earth. (Perhaps I exaggerate alittle.)  In the book, religious groups are connected only fuzzily to the killing of Dummond, et al.  In the movie, the bomb is exploded by a wild-eyed, hellfire and brimstone madman.  (Although McConaughey's Joss is thrown in in the spirit of moderation.)  I read &quot;Contact&quot; after reading &quot;The Demon Haunted World&quot; and seeing the movie.  I remember thinking during the movie, (my only Sagan experience beforehand being &quot;The Demon Haunted World&quot;) &quot;This is a very 'Sagan' plot.&quot;  I was not shocked in the least when he had a religious fanatic blow up the machine. <br /><br /> A little sidebar: <br /> One of Ellie's questions on page 367 of the paperback is rather amusing.  Look at this passage, near the bottom of the page:  <br /> &quot;And the zero's and ones finally stop?  You get back to a random sequence of digits?&quot;  Seeing a faint sign of encourgement, she raced on.  &quot;And the number of zeros and ones? Is it a product of prime numbers?&quot; <br /> Uh, sorry to reduce your sense of wonder sports fans, but if you remember 6th grade math correctly, all non-zero integers are a product of prime numbers. <br /> In conclusion, while the book isn't as epic as the &quot;Odessey&quot;, and the movie isn't &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;, both are worth experiencing.
0964385619|4.0|I read this book in one day.  The points it makes, make logical sense without all the usual bull you have to get through in other self-help books.  I wish the author was teaching in Australia - I would be sure to go to his classes. The book gives a clear picture of how we all make the same mistakes financially which prevent us form making money.  I will certainly be reading the book again and starting to invest in the same way.
0380973634|5.0|It was my first time to read Neil Gaiman.  Coincidentally, it was also the first time in years I've finished a novel (the last time was Isabel Allende's Eva Luna, probably five or three years ago and the last sci-fi I read was Isaac Asimov's Foundation series, probably 10 years ago when I was still a high-school geek).  Pardon, but I guess I must say I am a very discriminating reader. I easily get bored, even with John Steinbeck's or John Updike's, J.D. Salinger, John Grisham and the list goes on.  I write poems which were published in national magazines and I write for a national newspaper here in the Philippines (TODAY). There goes my credentials.  What I wanted to point out to you people out there is that, being a yuppie working in a &quot;London Above&quot; kind-of-cycle, I wake up everyday with the hope of stumbling into a Lady Door and be part, perhaps, of Manila Below (if there is such a thing).  Right now, I am searching all the bookstores for other works of Neil Gaiman but they are as scarce as the rain in this tropical country where the El Nio phenomenon took residence.  I'm browsing the Internet for more information about the man and his works 'coz I'm planning to write a review for our paper yet deep inside my conscioussness, a voice continues to scream. &quot;Sequel, sequel, SEQUEL!!!&quot;<br /> If &quot;Neverwhere&quot; will become a movie, I cryptically suggest James Cameron to direct it so that it will be detailed, well-budgeted.  Kate WInslet could be the Lady Door except she's too fat, Hugh Grant as Richard Mayhew because he acts clumsy and is fond of exotic things, Danny de Vito as Marquis de Carabas for obvious reason, Jack Nicholson and Clive Barker as Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemar, Elle Macpherson or Cindy Crawford as The Hunter, Ralph Fiennes as Islington.  <br />  To those critics who wrote &quot;Neverwhere&quot; as lacking of depth, perhaps they misread the novel.  London Above is a metaphor for the reality we have to face everyday and London Below is the other reality we keep on realizing.  If they would take a deeper look at Richard Mayhew, he is the symbol of a typical 21st century man trapped in the humdrum cycle of the present millenium.  Lady Door, our sister, mother, lover, daughter who opens new insights, new worlds for us.  Islington as the new example of beauty being an evil gift, of beauty being only skin-deep.  Hunter the beauty of strength, power, determination, ambition, though fatal in the end (the one sees in getting into diet to be like Kate Moss, kidding aside).  Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemar, which like graft and corruption or greed and violence makes our daily politics a fearsome world to thrive in.  All these characters are representation of all aspects in the psycho-social conscioussness of man.  &quot;Neverwhere&quot; can not be a &quot;Catcher In The Rye&quot; or a &quot;Foundation&quot; or &quot;The Metamorphosis&quot; or any other &quot;classics&quot; because in itself, it is an aborbing read one has to see with a little child's eye, hence, putting it in the list only its own as what Jorges Luis Borges and the rest of the Latin American writers created for their works.  To the critic accusing Gaiman of copying the idea of lady Door to another in the novel &quot;Little. Big&quot; by John Crowley and other similarities in other works (including Star Wars), let me remind you that in the literary or creative ocean, one ship or fish travels a similar current but in entirety it's a very different journey.  Even Isaac Newton or Shakespeare was once accused of copying ideas. Even Isaac Asimov, he reworte the entire Dark Ages in a new form in &quot;Foundation&quot;.  And everything in Art is just recreation.  Everything has been done before.  But with what Neil Gaiman did, he presented it in a new color with a wit and talent that only a credible novelist can.  And those my, friends, make Niel Gaiman a new phenomenon not only in fantastic literature but in World Literature.  If &quot;Neverwhere&quot; is an escapist stuff, then why are you still reading this?  Go read it more than a couple of times and find out or continue suffer from &quot;Shakespearean fever&quot; or an &quot;Albert Camus flu&quot;.
0446605409|4.0|After reading Plum Island and after reading some of the scathing reveiws here, I felt I had to come to the defense of the book.  Maybe not his best, but still worth it.  The main charactor is just that, funny, rude, smart and human.  The story goes in a direction that is not expected and somewhat &quot;off the wall&quot; but who wants predictability? There are sections that dragged a bit, but the book grabbed me from the start.   I laughed out loud and looked forward to my evening time with the book.
156511129X|5.0|Excellent book. Although somewhat slow paced, it presents an excellent picture of the era it depicts. Well defined characters and an interesting study of relationships and the struggle between emotion and common sense. Kate Winslet does a wonderful job on the cassette version displaying her flexible vocal skills on many passages. I highly recommend it!
0553573403|5.0|What? The good guys don't always finish first? Hero's actually do have flaws? Good guys actually die?  How refreshing! Especially in the wake of the...7th?...27th? Wheel of Time series... it is nice to read about characters that actually have more to do than listen to the incessant whining of leading female characters (who are so similar that they could be one!).  There are no \\"cliches\\" at all in this book... if anyone wanted to get picky, they could find cliches in all fantasy: the wizened old wizard, the \\"dark hordes\\" massing, the \\"regretful\\" young hero, the \\"final\\" battle... yadda yadda yadda. I find none of this in this book.  Now, if only Mr. Martin can write faster than Mr. Jordan....
0465068359|5.0|For importance of topic I would give this book a 10. I would give it a 10 as well for the impact it had on me. Unfortunatly it was, as many others have pointed out, a little too abrupt and slightly superficial in it's treatment. <br /> My mother-in-law's generation suffered through the Japanese occupation of China and having heard the stories she tells, I was left feeling that Iris Chang's book needed to more fully explore the specifics of the massacre.<br /> On the whole, I still think the book is monumental in that it has finally popularized an event that remained little more than a rumor (outside of China) to those who didn't live through it.<br /> Let's hope that, in Japan, the veils of denial, on the part of those who know better, and ignorance, on the part of the younger generations, can start to be pulled away. In America, let's hope that national policies will not supercede justice (as they did with regards to Japan after WWII) in the aftermath of tragedy.
0394818237|5.0|I adored all of Richard Scarry's wonderful and informative books as a child, and this one is the best. As mentioned in another review, this edition is very much abridged and that's a shame. Better than nothing, I suppose, but nothing compares to the original.
0515123447|5.0|One of the best books I have read in a long time. Can't wait for &quot;Reacher's&quot; next adventure.  This book will pull you in and won't let go. You live each adventure with the characters.
0385484518|3.0|Not the last great lesson in a general sense.  It's Mitch's lesson.  Granted - Morrie Schwartz (sp ?) doles out jewels on his deathbed.  But Mr. Albom had lost such sight of life, and himself, that those jewels just aren't that hard to find.  It's Morrie's death march that opens his eyes to his life, one we can readily see is as empty as he comes to believe.  Enlightening to Mitch, yes, but to the reader?
0812034465|5.0|The first time I read this book I was 10. Then I reread it 40 more times. Now I'm 26 and I still thank my late mother for having me handed this book. It's absolutely the best of all times. Apparently my favorite...I can read it 40 more times and still find new flavours. I love the Finch family and the whole village!
1573225517|5.0|Really.  I feel cheated.  Someone stole my current life and put it in a book.   A must-read for all men, in or out of relationships.
0307155102|5.0|Even though my two children have supposedly outgrown this book, I've saved it simply because it is still so much fun to look at.  I've used it as an educational book to help them learn words when they were tiny, but we had an even better time searching for the gold bug on every page and playing I Spy with the wonderful menagerie melange.  This book is one to keep!
0451169514|5.0|Every phrase in this book is like an poison in my veins - every word is like a snake. IT is just the best book I ever red - it (IT?) change my oppinion about many things - about life, death and something between them. If you think that you know the devil you're wrong - devil isn't a horny goat... there's no devil, no satan - they're live in ourselfs. They're a personification of human thoughts. I recognize that only the strong will survive - this world is not for weak people who beware a devil or something like this... Only people who can stand up to demons in themselfs can  be really strong.  This book is the best way to known the devil in human soul... Everyone of us have own Pennywise. Everyone of us...
B000002VMH|4.0|All great songs.  The bonus track, &quot;Keep Young and Beautiful&quot;, is a strange throwback to the twenties, but not bad.
0312958455|4.0|In this one, Harry (being Harry), gets himself into one mess after another and one pull of the plot is to see how he is going to clear his name.  I think Trunk Music was a little better, but this one has a lot to recommend it.  Vivid characters, clever story line, and plenty of action.  A fast easy read.  Michael Connelly always leaves you wanting more.
0553108034|5.0|I have been reading fantasy for veery long.<br /> As soon as i was of susceptible age, my father gave me a copy of &quot;The Hobbit&quot;.<BR> Since then, after Tolkiens all time classic had set the ball in motion, I have consumed series after series, author after author, and I have found great pleasure in the genre as well as a profound knowledge and experience in what to expect from a good fantasy book.<BR> What this book has to offer (referring to &quot;the game of thrones&quot;) is exactly what im talking about.<BR> I admit to being somewhat of a mindless deciple of Jordans Wheel of Time greatness, as well as Tolkiens Middle Earth, and I never thought I would encounter an author to rival these giants. But with the song of ice and fire series, Martin has created an immensely believable yet entrancing and magical world. The way he focuses each chapter, by name, on an individual, makes it easier to follow, and towards the end I got frustrated whenever the title of the chapter wasn't &quot;Eddard&quot;, which brings me to yet another revelation: Martin does something uncharacteristically dramatic with Ned's fate. Very unlike the genre, but very intriguing.<br />  Two thumbs up!!
0671004611|1.0|I've read virtually every book pro and con about the Roswell crash and conclude that I'm 90% cerain that project Mogul explains the reality of what came down on Brazel's ranch.  The rest(alien bodies,a spaceship ect.) is fiction  added at a later date by supposed &quot;researchers&quot;<br />like Randle,Schmitt,Friedman who took the stories of supposed &quot;witnesses&quot; like Anderson,<br />Ragsdale &amp; Kaufman.<br /> It occurs to few readers to question the fact that none of these witness stories agree with each other as to where the alledged bodies were found, how many were found, how many were supposedly alive, what they looked like ect.<br /> Now we have Corso giving us a new version of the alledged &quot; facts&quot; which contradict much of the earlier stories that were spread by the above mentioned authors!<br /> Seems to me that anybody can write a book these days regardless of the facts and people who want to believe will hold the book up as gospel truth.<br /> Jesse Marcel Sr who started this whole story in 1978 never once claimed that there was a spaceship and alien bodies and he should have<br />known!<br /> In various interviews he only talked about some debris that had fallen to earth due to some sort of explosion. He hadn't tested the debris himself and he didn't know what it was. That is what he personally had observed. He felt it must have been extra terrestial at a later time although at the time of picking it up he didn't think too much about it.  Cavitt who is alive today who helped Marcel pick the stuff up says that he thought then and now that it was a balloon and that the pictures of the stuff in Ramey's office looked like the stuff they picked up.<br /> The material that was described by Marcel, his son,Cavitt, Brazel, his daughter and son, all<br />resemble the Mogul balloon scenario.<br /> Time,myth and bookselling authors have turned mundane earthly material into extra terrestial material.<br /> As for a crashed spaceship and dead bodies- that myth wasn't circulated until the 80's by the likes of Anderson (now discredited!), Ragsdale (now discredited) Kaufman (discredited), Dennis<br />(discredited) and a few others who were not &quot;witnesses&quot; passing on rumours.<br /> I started out believing that Roswell was a legitimate ET case but having read virtually all the material on it I can't believe that anymore.<br /> It might be of some interest to you that all of the above mentioned authors who are responsible for bringing the Roswell myth to the public can't<br />stand each other and all have accused each other of false research and reportage!<br /> If the public is basing the Roswell incident on the reporting of these so called researchers and each of these researchers is accusing each other of shoddy work and outright fabricating and<br />some of them have been caught outright lying to the public then how can you trust anything they write?<br /> Additionally,some of these authors if not all of them have called Corso's book a fraud!<br /> Now what does that tell you?likes of Anderson (now discredited!), Ragsdale (now discredited) Kaufman (discredited), Dennis (discredited) and a few others who were not &quot;witnesses&quot; passing on rumours.  I started out believing that Roswell was a legitimate ET case but having read virtually all the material on it I can't believe that anymore.  It might be of some interest to you that all of the above mentioned authors who are responsible for bringing the Roswell myth to the public can't stand each other and all have accused each other of false research and reportage!  If the public is basing the Roswell incident on the reporting of these so called researchers and each of these researchers is accusing each other of shoddy work and outright fabricating and  some of them have been caught outright lying to the public then how can you trust anything they write?  Additionally,some of these authors if not all of them have called Corso's book a fraud!  Now what does that tell you?
0694003611|5.0|This story did not become a classic without pleasing many.  Children enjoy the rhyme and the familiar objects; parents enjoy the ease of reading and the fact that the story is short.  You can not go wrong with this story.
0440117658|4.0|Only Vonnegut could make such a tragic story humorous.  It probably will rank as one of his most memorable books in my mind.    Vonnegut once again weaves his story between flashbacks and flashforwards and keeps the pages turning.  I read this book on a flight to Chicago and almost passed on the peanuts so I would not be interrupted.  Definitely one of his best.
0446604844|3.0|There was too much importance with the retrieval of a single disk and password.  If I were Sidney, I would have made at least ten copies of the information on the disk.  It can easily be done.  And the password, make copies of that too.  And all of a sudden Sidney goes from wife/mother/lawyer to gun-toting action adventurer???
0140187650|5.0|Hannah Arendt first wrote this book as a series of articles before she compiled all her materials and published &quot;Eichmann in Jerusalem&quot; in 1963. This book is truly fantastic because it brings the trial, life, times, and death of Adolf Eichmann into light and life. It is truly a work of history which especially sheds light on the startling fact that numerous Jewish councils had helped the Nazis deport the millions that went to their deaths in the killing centers of the East. (Over time, of course, those members of the councils were also deported). It does not attempt to be apologetic and defensive of Eichmann--as the reviews above so claim this to be. It shows his guilt through a recreation of the events--the Wannsee Conference, his relations with Auschwitz kommandant Rudolf Hoess, the deportations from all of Europe, the killing centers...Auschwitz, Sobibor, Bergen-Belsen, Theresienstadt (the latter was in fact a model ghetto but was classified as a concentration camp by the SS and was intended to make the camps look better than they actually were)...Eichmann's life, and finally, his death. Need I go on? I hope that I have proven that this book--one which caused so much trouble among the Jews and Arendt--is for anybody interested in one of the most capturing, magnifying, and horrifying eras in the history of mankind.
0380002930|5.0|This is an utterly fabulous book, but the American edition (pictured) has a very slight omission (for some inexplicable, and indeed unforgivable reason), which alters the impact of a certain element of the story.  (Omission, for those intereseted, is in the First Book, at end of the &quot;Hard Going&quot; chapter, when the rabbits run down joyously to the field.)  So, two tips: 1. Make the effort to read this book, and 2. If you do, for goodness' sake make the effort to read the right one.
B000002LCB|4.0|I have had this soundtrack on tape since the movie came out many years ago, and it has always been a favorite of mine.  It may not be the best music ever composed, but it is a wonderful piece of work to just sit back and enjoy, or have on in the background - and it does stimulate the imagination! I can never hear the music without seeing (in my mind, in my imagination) the scenes going on at that point, or elaborating on them in some way!  All in all a great choice!
0446604844|1.0|This can't be the same David Baldacci who wrote Absolute Power.  Total Control is totally ridiculous ... a silly story line, cardboard characters, trite dialogue and phrases.  I wasn't expecting one of the Great Books of the Western World, but even so, it was a disappointment. Now  I'm afraid to read The Winner, which I bought before I read this stinker.
0140379851|5.0|Matilda is about a little girl who is very amazing because at five years old, she read Great Expectations.  The only person in the world who cares for her is her teacher.  Our teacher in school is reading us this story.  The first time I heard this book, my Dad read it to me.  He couldn't read sometimes because he was laughing out loud.  This is a wonderful book for reading yourself or being read to.  I suggest you go to amazon.com right now and get it.
0307155102|5.0|RICHARD SCARRY'S BEST WORD BOOK EVER is just that, the best word book ever for young children. Hundreds of words used in everyday langauge are represented in this fun, first dictionary.<br /> Scarry's Busy Town characters introduce chidren to the world of words.  Each page is dedicated to a different category of words such as &quot;Tools&quot;, &quot;At The Playground&quot;, and &quot;At The Supermarket&quot;. Also included are the ABC's, number words, and words for parts of the human body.<br /> Oprah Winfrey recently chose this book as one of the books she would recommend for children learning to read. I think this book is essential for every child's library.  It is Terrific!
0312954468|5.0|In all of my 13 years I have never read a book as remarkable than this one here!  I instantly fell in love with the characters.  I was more saddened by their deaths than i was with Princess Dianna's.  Every book, even one such as wonderful as this, must have a downside.  The slight downside to this book is that Taita is a too smart.  Chances are if he was trained and schooled as a scribe he wouldn't have much time to get much medical training.  He just seems to know the answer to everything.                    Still a FABU BOOK!!!
0812550706|5.0|Finally a book that describes the inner workings of the mind of a genius: the loneliness thats inextricably linked to being smarter than anyone else. Should be made a compulsory read for anyone wanting to be admitted to Mensa.
0307155102|5.0|My kids and I really enjoyed reading this book together.   My oldest daughter, Dee, received this book as a gift at age 2, back in 1987.   The colorful pictures kept her attention and having the names of the pictures was a great asset for association.  <br /> My son, Willy, was born in 1988 and Dee would get her Richard Scarry book out and read to him. The bright pictures also kept Willy attention.  As Willy got older, the two of them would play the FIND game using Mr. Scarry's book.  Dee would ask Willy to find a bus, pencil, etc.  They would also use this book to learn to spell the names of the pictures.  Mr Scarry's book became one of our best learning tools. <br />  Eileen, my youngest, also enjoyed this book in her early years and still to this day takes the book on road trips with her to play the find game with the older siblings.   Our book is well used and has been scotch taped several times, but the kids enjoy this book and have for the past 11 yrs.   I truly recommend this book for any family.
0399230033|5.0|Riveting. <BR> A next door neighbor had a copy of this book and she said that it was her kids' favorite.  Got a copy right here through Amazon.  I've read it to my daughter several times.  She loves the pictures especially the &quot;blackout&quot; page with just the eyes of the zookeeper's wife showing. <BR> A great story for any collection of children's stories.
0964385619|5.0|Very well written, with great examples. Once you start you dont want to put the book down. It gives you a new way to look at things. Very thought provoking. This should be taught in our school system, along with the basics.
0345389409|4.0|It was a good book, and it fit with the series, but why would the vampires die for faith? Such a great puzzle.
0385121679|5.0|This was the first &quot;adult&quot; book I ever bought, back when it first came out.  I was terrified, enthralled, and overjoyed to find such a wonderful book.  I so clearly remember being almost too afraid to read on, yet I couldn't stop.  and the fear I felt everytime I went into the bathroom and saw the shower curtain.  I remember the joy of reading this book as one of my strongest memories. I became a Stephen King &quot;fanatic&quot;, bought every book in hardback as soon as they came out  and wrote term papers on his work in English class..   As I grew older, I thought that maybe it was just my &quot;childish&quot; taste in books that made &quot;The Shining&quot; so wonderful in my memory.  So I reread it, and found still more things to enjoy.  I just re-read it for at least the 4th time-and at age 33 and thousands of books later, it is still a &quot;10&quot; and my favorite King book.  I'm happy that he agrees that this is one of his best, if not THE best.
0385472951|5.0|This book was riveting.  The pages turned quickly. Unlike some of the comments I have seen about Grisham's newer book, there is no hint about moralism in this work.  Angles and sub-plots keep popping up, and will keep you reading.  I highly recommend The Partner.
0790733226|5.0|Contact is the best movie on earth check it out today!  END
0385311400|4.0|I liked this book but didn't like it as well as the first 3 books in this series. I didn't like Brianna and Roger. I guess I am having a hard time accepting Jamie and Claire getting older too. I felt there wasn't as much time spent on Jamie and Claire as Brianna and Roger which I didn't like. I'm hoping there will be a book 5 out because there are still some unanswered questions. Like how did Jamie kill Randall? Or did he? What happened to Jamie's son? I'll be looking forward to my questions answered.
068483605X|5.0|This is a story for all ages. It has every element that makes a story truly great: action, love, villains and, yes, heroes. It is a beautiful book, elegantly written, and its brief chapters make it very easy to read even if the reader has little time to do so. I cannot recommend it highly enough.
0380002930|5.0|Every time I read it, I get reconfirmation that it's the best book ever.  Not only does it make for a great adventure book, but it's also right on the mark, rabbit-wise.  For the last year I've been raising two rabbits as pets.  It seems their mannerisms and actions were pulled right from the pages of this novel.<br /> Watership Down should be a necessary read before getting a rabbit as a pet.  The book makes one realize how important freedom is to a rabbit.  Of course, my rabbits aren't entirely free (they're not allowed to leave to go to a movie or anything) but they aren't caged, and get free run of the house, as well as occasional romps outside.  From the way they play, and from their leaps of joy, I have a pretty good feeling they're happy living where they are. <br /> If you're looking for an incredible book for someone of any age, this is it.  And if you know someone who has rabbits as pets, get them this book, please.  The knowledge one can get from this book is priceless. <BR>
0061008079|5.0|I loved this book and felt that it inspired me to no ends.
B000002NHN|5.0|If you liked Rennaisance in the early '70s you'll like Loreena. She gets sounds and rhythms from different cultures and weaves them into her often spiritual themes to make some wonderful music.
0679457313|4.0|I am shocked to read all the nasty comments that you can find on this page.  I suspect that some of these critics have a tin ear for prose and don't hear what they're reading.  Ms. Roy can stretch or cut a phrase like a sax player can bend a note (damn simile) and she 's got rhythm. No amount of whining about whether she deserves her prize or not can change these facts.  The story unveils itself at its own pace, engaging all the senses along the way.  Not having read Salmon Rushdie, I can't speak to his influence on Roy's writing, but I felt the shadow of Garca Mrquez, especially in terms of the lightness of imagination and the weight of family history.  Perhaps we're all a bit tired of these kinds of family tragedies in today's fiction, but with talent at this level I can stand a few more.
0880381736|5.0|Though the plot of this book is not always persistent (looks like W. and H. weren't completely sure what will happen next), they say writers never control their caracters absolutely. Generally, this book is very interesting, full of action (perhaps a bit too much of swordplay for me), with the intriguing plot and well-defined, original, bright personages. Raistlin and Tasslehoff are the best, of course. Bupu is extremely poignant, while Fizban... well, read the book and you'll get the idea. I was very delighted by the fact that I've finally found the heroic team with one bad guy in it (As we see later in &quot;The Test of the Twins&quot; Raistlin isn't that bad though, yet nevermind.) This book more hints at things than directly talks about, but it is a real masterpiece and should be read by any fantasy fan. Later books get more serious and persistent, but simultaneously somewhat lack the freshness and nonchalance of the first one. Buy it, you won't regret.
0312962118|1.0|About a third of the way through, there was a major mistake.  The CIA killer was listed in DMV under his real name.  I can't write a paragraph, but I have read many thrillers and this mistake turned me away: couldn't finish it.
6303567126|5.0|Its too bad not too many people have had a chance to see this great film. It shows people acting and talking like real people. DiCaprio as always is riveting and so natural - no wonder some people assume he is a druggie. I recommend the film highly     END
0440224764|4.0|This was the second John Grisham book I have read, the frist was &quot;The Pelican Brief.&quot;  This is a much better book.  I especially liked the plot twists and turns and found myself cheering for Patrick, the main character.  I finished this one in record time because I had a hard time putting it down.  Even after I finished it, I was still thinking about the story, it was quite clever.
B000005IRG|5.0|Television was a quintessential part of the early  <BR>punk scene in New York. Marquee Moon is one of the great unknown albums of all time. The band plays with impunity rocking through song after song. They create intense rythmic and lyrical landscapes <BR> all bound together by Tom Verlaines thin voice and  <BR> incredible guitar playing. Television plays with a  <BR> nimbleness and skill that has not been matched to this day. This album is well worth the cash.
0399128964|3.0|In Dune, Frank Herbert tries hard to craft a complete world by throwing a lot of strange words at the reader, and it doesn't really work. The science and logic is dubious at best (memories passed down through genes, the premise that living in a desert makes people into invincible warriors), etc. As a book of epic battle it is mixed, with the first half done in wonderful detail, but with the climax simply glossed over, the hero's victory seemingly inevitable making description unimportant (or so it seemed to me). The book is poorly paced, to say the least.  But what makes Dune a decent book afterall are the characters. The characters are beautifully drawn out, each with their own motivations so that friends are drawn into conflict and enemies drawn together. Dune is by far the best in the series, the other books lacking any real tension, since the protagonist's victory is all but assured from the first page. In Dune, the final outcome is uncertain up until the last moment, and even then there are plenty of unresolved plot lines that leave room for a wonderful (but unrealized) sequel.
B000002LCB|4.0|I got the tape after the movie came out also and have played it to death.  I'd highly recommend getting the CD so that you can program all your favorite songs on repeat.  The bulk of the albumn is haunting or lilting instrumental music with grand sweeping movements.  A cute little Florentine dance song is also a winner.  And the albumn finishs strong with the original title song &quot;Come my love, I'll tell you a tale...&quot; which ties in to the movie.  There are some strong background songs included that are played during the scary parts of the movie like the forest with the rats of incredible size that kind of grow on you over time.  Overall great CD that could only be better if the composer had included more material.  I wanted this CD to go on and on...
0786209631|2.0|I needed an action packed, low thought process book for my vacation.  I read this in about a 24 hour period.  The writing was very poor --- but the plot intriguing.  The man has a fascination with sport utility vehicles (&quot;...the powerful V6...&quot;).  Also, I know he did a lot of research on computers, but really --- almost everything electronic he mentioned could be done by any 13 year old today (I know, I live with one). So spare me the foreward...
0679731725|5.0|Written in a style that is by turns convoluted and poetic, Kazuo Ishiguro`s 'The Remains of the Day' is a haunting, relentless portrayal of one man`s journey to self-discovery--and back. The book is a detailed character sketch and a narrative at one and the same time, for each tiny incident, indeed each spoken word, opens new avenues of discovery; and while the places Stevens visits on his journey remain dim and faintly dreamlike, the memories stirred by the journey are vivid and alive with color and sound--each memory is another step down the real path, on the real journey. And so with painstaking subtlety the author weaves tiny threads, combining both past and present, to create a web that will at last catch and hold the protagonist, until he can no longer look away. <BR> While reading the book one can only wonder: If forced to see the truth, the heart of the deception, what will he do?  <BR> The answer to that is the real tragedy of the book. Not that Stevens wasted his life, but that he could not at least find some redemption by accepting it. The greatest wound he inflicted on his own life was not when he sensed Miss Kenton was crying and did not go in to comfort her, but his managing to convince himself that there would never have been a reason to do so. The saddest part of the book was at the very end, when once again Stevens began ruminating on the art of bantering as if nothing had ever taken place. The cold mask that had slipped once would not do so ever again; at that the moment he dug a grave for his own soul.
B000002OFG|5.0|T.P. and the Heartbreakers have had a turbulent career to say the least, from struggles with pricing to internal conflict and most recently Petty's separation from his wife. At the end of the day, however, these Floridians gone L.A. know that it's about the music.  Just listen to this album, their debut. Your classic rock collection is a disgrace without &quot;American Girl&quot;, not to mention &quot;Breakdown&quot;. But Petty's famous Byrds sound and blues tinged rock isn't all that the Heratbreakers offer. Everything from punk (&quot;Anything That's Rock n' Roll&quot;) to country (&quot;Mystery Man&quot;) shines. The Heartbreakers not only have an affinity for any type of music, but everything seems so well-placed on this album. You could hardly accuse them of a diffuse album. It's coherent and from the first drum rythms of &quot;Rockin' Around&quot; (garage rock if there ever was such a thing) to the Byrdisms of &quot;American Girl&quot;, Petty and the Heartbreakers deliver a classic and an opening to a career that still flourishes today.
0465068359|5.0|References to Hitler and the Holocaust are so often made to draw attention to situations that are not at all comparable.  In this case the comparison is apt.  While the German holocaust strikes me as a chillingly efficient extermination, the story of the fall of Nanking seems more a wonton orgy of murder, rape and destruction.  This book has enlightened me about a part of history (World War II in China) that I previously knew very little about.  I don't think a book needs to be a weighty historical tome in order to be interesting and informative.  After reading this short, fascinating treatment of the subject, I am looking forward to reading the lengthier, more indepth works that I'm sure will follow.
0307155102|4.0|This and other Richard Scarry books were my favorites as children, and my children will read them someday, too.  I especially love Lowly Worm.
B000000I0I|4.0|Many people rate Ommadawn close to or better than the classis Tubular Bells. No wonder, as it's a wonderful complete work which flows nicely from one section to the next. Discussions still rage among my friends whether the a or b side is better. Ommadawn and Amarok are probably to two albums I return to most often, simply because they are so damned well put together!
B000005JA8|5.0|&quot;...the blimp, the blimp! It's the mothership...&quot; <BR>What can you say about Captain Beefheart. Not for the faint of heart. He is the master of the nether-regions of music. He is a true pioneer. This album will make you twitch.
0380002930|5.0|So, yes, its about a warren of talking bunnies on the move.  Chances are if you can't get past the basic idea that the main characters are rabbits and that yes, dialogue indicates that they communicate with one another, then maybe fantasy and all its charms are lost on you. <br /> In short, if you can't get past the idea of &quot;talking bunnies&quot; then not only have you missed the point, but you've also picked the wrong book.  This isn't a book for those without imagination, and this isn't a book for children or those with a weak stomach.  <br />  What you SHOULD expect is a thinly disguised political commentary.  You would be suprised how much rabbits and human beings have in common when looked at from the right perspective.  And that's exactly what Richard Adams trys to do...put it in the proper perspective. <br />  The book is about freedom, about forming a little home, or country, of your own, and of living by your own ethical standards.  Its also about standing up to tyranny and evil.  Heck, I forgot to mention, its a pretty corking piece of adventure with a lot of suspense and some pretty good action.  Take the rabbits out and put humans in, and you've got a pretty good Cold War thriller or Revolutionary War story.  Leave the bunnies in and you've got a tremendous work of fantasy that also delivers a tremendous commentary on human nature. <br />  And its amazing how much we can learn about human nature from a bunch of rabbits. <br />  What's up, Doc?  Read the book!
0679720200|5.0|Mersault is a hero.  Anyone who fails to realize that he is so, is, simply, a coward to his/her own true self.
1570424632|3.0|The audio book helped me survive a 13 hour road trip, but that's about all.  I can't believe that Sidney Archer could have escaped from all the scrapes she got into.  One or two, yes.  But not repeatedly.  I spent a lot of time yelling at my tape player, and that kept me from nodding off.
1567312373|5.0|This book is a great yardstick. It doesn't say anything but helps you flush out what you believe.  It is total BS, but it's all true.  I like the people who like this book, I don't like the people who don't. It's that complicated. It is the 20th century version of Jefferson's enligtenment, Plato's light outside the cave. It's for people who understand why the Simpson's is funny. The most important thing for readers of this book to do is find each other, remember we're less than 5% of the population. It doesn't matter if you read this book or not. It's not a way into our world, but a secret handshake for those already there. See you at the crash Worship shows, see you smirking on the bus, see you at the revolution. <br /> ALL HAIL DISCORDIA
0399128964|5.0|I first read Dune when I was 12 and I make sure to re-read it at least once a year. This book, and the five that follow it, will blow you away. Following a very medieval/feudal system of politics, set over 8,000 years in the future, this is a book of intrigue, war, and a messiah, all rolled into one. The two main houses, the Harkonnens and the Atreides, are enemies and when House Atreides is given control of the planet Dune, where the mind-expanding spice is mined, all hell breaks loose. The Harkonnens, backed by the Emperor, seek to destroy House Atreides, little knowing that the Atreides heir is the new Messiah. <br /> <BR>  This book will change your way of thinking in regards to science fiction and once you read Dune, you will want more.
0671004107|5.0|This book (and movie) are at the top of my very long must-read, must-see list. Carl Sagan weaves a brilliant science fiction story that makes us step back and take a look at our faith, whether it is faith in science, God, or humanity. And he tells us that through all of the stuff that we have to muddle through each day, the only thing that matters is love. This is a rare occurrence where both the book and movie are superb and they will leave you enthralled to the very end.
0440111498|5.0|Vintage Vonnegut in that this is his most cynical book. <br /> The book is organized into about 120 chapters, each not much more than a page or two long, so the effect is like being shot by a fully automatic machine gun.  With all the crazy ideas packed into such little space, this also surely makes it Vonnegut's densest book. <br />  How often can an author invent a religion, a country, and a doomsday weapon all in one book?  And he also manages to criticize the use of science without considering the consequences, the lies that parents tell their children, and the futility of most religions.  Then he wraps it all up quite conveniently by ending the world.   <br />  In my opinion, this is his second best book, a more bizarre and warped version of an anti-war story than Slaughterhouse-Five was, with a twinge of his earlier science-fiction wrapped in. <br />  I wouldn't call it depressing...at least as end-of-the-world novels go.  This isn't a warning about how dangerous our pursuit of war is, but rather how absurd it is.  Vonnegut doesn't end the world and expect his readers to shed a tear.  He'd rather you shake your head in bewilderment, shrug your shoulders, and give a little laugh.  After all, like the cat and the cradle...its all an illusion.
0345350499|5.0|Well, like I said at the top, you guys just don't get the book at all! Mostly you complain that Mists is &quot;a horrid portrayal of the Arthurian Legends&quot;, but the thing is, Mists wasn't really trying to be a just another retelling of Arthur stuff, it was about the complex interactions of human nature, the human emotions of lust, love, jealousy, and hate. Mists is not meant to be a action packed adventure fantasy like Darkover. It is a master artwork that makes you really feel the entire range of humanly emotions to it's fullest. And if you had put the book down before the end, then you have really missed out on one of the best writings of our time. At the end of Mists, I had a feeling of despire and heartache that was too strong even for tears. Always I've cried easily over good writing that's supposed to make you sad. But with Mists, the tears just wouldn't do the book justice, it isn't meant to be a sob novel to make you cry, it's a probe deep into your heart that makes you feel a sorrow too great for words. No other book has made me feel this way before, and if you can only see the book as a bad Arthurian retelling, then I strongly suggest you take Mists back out and try to read it with your heart open to the waves of emotions it will wash over you.
