B000FVBLEI|4.0|While I can appreciate a band wanting to show off their new drummer who can actually play the double bass, it can be a bit much at times, especially in \\"This Calling\\" where the whole chorus is pretty much just double bass. It can actually be hard to hear the guitar in some spots of the album due to the double bass. But other than that, I really enjoy this album, Phil Labonte has a great scream/ growl, and a very good singing voice, and the guitars are exceptional!
B00005JKNF|2.0|What a waste of millions of dollars and some of the world's finest actors.  This tediously long film is a mixture of Upstairs-Downstairs and Agatha Christie.  Altman just doesn't understand either the upstairs or downstairs people.  His \\"sexy\\" scenes are embarrassingly dumb.  Some of the dialogue is unintelligible, especially when it is delivered by people pretending to be from Scotland.  And at the end, when three people \\"rip off their masks,\\" so to speak, and are really other people, the dialogue is so clumsy that if you look the other way for a second you'll miss the plot summation.  This is a film that deserves to be listed in the Turkey book, under the title Most Expensive.  It fails to be amusing, insightful, or even entertaining.  The worst part is the script, and so, predictably, the writer received an Academy Award,
B0002XVQNU|5.0|Now that Amazon has finally created a separate page for the Director's Cut I can finally go ahead and review it without running the risk of this review being pooled with the reviews for the inferior theatrical release.    Okay, moving on. I didn't know anything about the Daredevil character when I first saw the theatrical release of this movie, and while I found the premise of the character quite intriguing, the movie left me lukewarm, at best. Having said that, it was still better than I had expected in light of the poor reviews. However, being a fan of the genre (I was \\"raised\\" on the Superman movies of the late seventies and early eighties), I decided to check out the Daredevil Director's Cut when I heard about how different it was from the original. My first reaction? Well, not until I actually saw the DC did I realize just how badly the powers-that-be managed to butcher this movie for its theatrical release. I, in fact, found the DC to be such a vast improvement that I started reading the comics. And now, after having read through almost the entire run of Daredevil, I can still say that I remain a fan of this movie, and have become a huge fan of the character.    People who absolutely hated the theatrical release will not like this cut, but they will certainly hate it a little less. People who found the original to be \\"okay,\\" will most likely be impressed. This doesn't mean that this movie is perfect (my five stars are a reflection of my enjoyment of the film, not its actual merits). There are many scenes that make me cringe, and the infamous \\"playground scene\\" is as ridiculous in this cut as it is in the original. The acting is a little uneven, even though I generally like Affleck's take on the character. The fact that he is stellar in some scenes lets you forget about the scenes that are not as well acted. While many of the things I find goofy about this movie (such as the mandatory \\"trying-out-my-weapons warm-up scene\\" and the silly catch phrases) are very typical of the comic book movie genre, the strength of this movie lies in its ability to transcend said genre and become something more. The action scenes are pretty good, for the most part, but this movie is ultimately not really an action movie. People looking for straight action should look elsewhere.     Instead, this movie is the best combination of action, drama, comedy, and crime that I have ever seen. It actually manages to be both funny and tragic at the same time in a way that is actually believable, in part due to the inherent contradictions of the main character. He's the lawyer who is also a vigilante, and a man haunted by tragedy and guilt who also manages to be a witty romantic and optimist. There is also the unusual (though doubtlessly successful) premise of a superhero with a disability.  The blindness angle is actually played up a little bit more in the movie than in the comic book, even though the difference lies more in how they have chosen to present the character than in his inherent abilities.    To sum up a long review, if you want to see an unsual comic book movie that is so much more than a comic book movie, this is the one for you. If you are looking for straight action, look elsewhere. I, for one, love this movie - warts and all.
1400063515|5.0|Taleb's book and \\"How to Measure Anything: Finding the Value of Intangibles in Business\\" by Hubbard are the two best book's I've read this year.  Both deal with the issues of irrationality in decision making.  Hubbard offers more pragmatic advice in how to assess such problems while Taleb focuses more on examples of how improbable events impact decisions (not necessarilly how to deal with it rationally).
B000N4SHPS|2.0|The best way to judge a movie in a series of movies is to ask, \\"if this movie came out by itself would I still like it?\\"  In this case, definitely not.  This installment is NOT better than 5.  It's a movie that is as \\"tired\\" as the character himself.  It's not a part of the series, of which I speak about Rocky I-IV.  If I were to buy the series this one and V would definitely be left out.<br /><br />What was wrong with this movie is not the plot but the deliverance.  I felt no threat to Rocky like I did with Apollo, Mr. T, and Drago.  To me this movie was selling products; HBO, Tarver, etc.  It didn't have that same charm as the movies did.  You really couldn't root for Rocky because there was nothing for him to win or lose.  The main fight was an exhibition fight.  He didn't win any money, nor did he win a title.  Yes you could say he did it for himself, but, so what.  I was hoping he would've fought a fight that would bring him back on top, monitarily and he would be able to better his life.  I know it wasn't about the money, but the way it ended, just wasn't fulfilling.<br /><br />If you are a hardcore fan, you will like this movie.  If you enjoy the Rocky movies for what they were, you may be disappointed.<br /><br />I recommend you NOT watch this movie and remember Rocky Balboa for who he was.  Rocky I through IV.
B000LC55F2|5.0|Christopher Nolan returns with The Prestige, a movie about revenge and the obsessive minds of two rival magicians. And what a magical experience this was.<br /><br />Based on Christopher Priest's novel, The Prestige examines the destructive nature of revenge, framed within the illusory and competitive world of magic. Using the deceptive concept of trickery, the genre goes almost to science fiction as it blurs the edges between reality and fantasy.<br /><br />Rupert Angier and Alfred Borden are, as Borden says, \\"Two young men devoted to an illusion.\\" Originally in good terms, the two become enemies when Angier blames Borden for the death of his wife Julia, who drowns when a trick they are performing goes horribly wrong. Following the tragedy, Borden's personal life and career flourish. Meanwhile, Angier's life takes the opposite trajectory. And filled with pain and anger he embarks on a vengeful path that has deadly consequences. Their rivalry grows more vicious and desperate, with their magic skills used not only to wow audiences but wreak havoc on one another.<br /><br />But, as you'd expect in a film involving magicians, things are rarely as they appear.<br /><br />This movie has everything: excitement, thrills, twist and turns, romance, surprises. When The Prestige begins, nothing makes any sense. The story goes backwards and forwards through time. But before too much goes on, things start getting clearer. Bit by bit, everything comes into focus. But to get there, you'll have to earn it. You'll have to hate it before you like it. During it's running time The Prestige will make you irritated, confused, exasperated, frustrated but before it's over... you'll fall in love with it.
1582701709|2.0|Of all the books I have ever read, this is certainly one of them.  Actually, I have read only the first half, but I have read enough to form an opinion.<br /><br />This book is a rambling soliloquy with frequent quotes from people, most of whom are obscure or unknown.<br /><br />I will commend the author on one achievement.  She has managed to hype this book and CD into a fifteen minutes of fame.<br /><br />Hugh Strickland<br />Dallas, Texas
B000J103PC|4.0|The staff of Runway Magazine are as elegant as Gucci sunglasses. Self-confident, good looking, they only fear one person: their boss. Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep).<br /><br />Looking like some high fashion version of Cruella De Vil, Miranda is terryfing, ruthless, demanding and determined; qualities that made the most powerful woman in the bussines and thus, the most feared. She is the high-priestess of fashion; she doesn't follow the trends, she sets them.<br /><br />Into this merciless world enters the wide-eyed and geeky Andy Sachs (Anne Hathaway). With Miranda always scarring off assistants, an opportunity has arisen to take an opportunity at the job \\"a million girls would kill for.\\" Turns out Andy is not one of them, being one of the few women in New York who isn't aware of who Miranda is and her fearsome reputation. This refreshing confession, is enough to persuade Miranda to hire her.<br /><br />Taking her position behind Miranda's first assistant Emily (the wonderful Emily Blunt), Andy learns why her boss changes assistants like handbags. She also learns what is required to make it in the cut-throat fashion business, placing her personal life second to the needs of her boss. That and transforming her plain image into a wild fashionista.<br /><br />Based on the book of the same name by Lauren Weisberger, The Devil Wears Prada is a devilicious look at the high fashion industry. The brilliant Streep loses herself in the role of the satanic Miranda. But she also humanizes her, showing us bits of the real woman beneath the designer clothes. Miranda wields a great deal of power, and knows it, but she also knows exactly what price she has paid to be at the top of the fashion game. But as Andy notes, if Miranda were a man, no one would even question that; they'd just admire how successful she was at her job.<br /><br />There lies the truth buried deeply in the heart of Prada: the world of professional careers take a higher price from women than from men. A man can be a demanding boss, so long as he's great at what he does, and people will not only put up with it, but respect him for it. A woman like Miranda, on the other hand, is considered a \\"devil\\" for doing the same thing.reat at what he does, and people will not only put up with it, but respect him for it. A woman like Miranda, on the other hand, is considered a \\"devil\\" for doing the same thing.
B000002UA5|5.0|Ummagumma is one of the most enchanting albums I have ever heard! It is indeed not a conventional album, it is not mainstream (which is why it will not appeal to many) - it is a unique artistic experiment whose ultimate end result is an unparalleled magical atmosphere. I find Ummagumma is an expression of the deeper, darker, more primitive areas of the human soul. It is an album enshrouded in darkness and mystery, in which chaos and confusion, anguish and fear, are occasionally quelled by glimpses of harmony, serenity, light, and hope (Sysyphus being a great example here). To me, it is an album that expresses a deep, indefinable, secret, ancient longing of the soul to break free from the bonds of oppressive darkness and confusion that surrounds it. It is an album best perceived with the soul and not simply heard with the ears; it is an album in which I feel one should look for states of the mind rather than for conventional music as such.
4789009637|5.0|I am teaching myself Japanese and I really like this text.  This book has a good collection of vocabulary and is very easy to follow.  I recommend this book to everyone. It is excellent!  My Japanese friend is very impressed with what I was able to teach myself.  I feel very confident in what I have learned.  The student CD that accompanies is a little lacking, though.  It only covers dialogue and vocab for the book (and workbook), when I really wish the CD included more from the textbook.  I also recommend getting the workbook for more practice. You should know that you need the student CD to use the workbook. Genki 1 has to be the best text out there for learning Japanese!
B000RZGIOA|1.0|Since Paramount is HD DVD exclusive now this movie will NOT be released on Blu-ray. Just get it on HD DVD if you want it!
0316067598|5.0|Sad to read how so many great American patriots died worrying about how the traitorous US media will smear them instead of focusing on the mission. I wonder if the New York Times or Washington Post's editors opinions on \\"innocent civilian deaths\\" would change if killing a few would free their sons or daughters from Islamic Terrorists.<br /><br />Headlines across the nation would read \\"Keep our troops in Iraq - At least until they free my daughter.\\"
B000QQFKYE|3.0|In the past, David Lynch has used dream states and shifting times and character identities to create abstract films with their own internal logic. He used these abstractions to shuffle the narrative (Mullholland Drive), create moods that are paced and organized to give the feeling of narrative (Eraserhead), or to create jarring transitions between moods in a strictly chronological narrative (Blue Velvet). This time there is no real narrative at all. Just disconnected scenes and characters floating in a dream-space. It's the film equivalent of a William S. Burroughs \\"cut up\\" book- interesting things happening in a pretty much random way. The artistry and tight direction of composition and acting is still there, but there's nothing for it to hang on. If you like David Lynch movies, you'll like this film, although at three hours plus another hour or so of outtakes, it overstays its welcome a bit. But if you don't know much about Lynch, or have found his films to be infuriating in the past, this one isn't going to convince you.
B000LW86GM|5.0|I have read some reviews which said that some of the movie doesn't make sense (ex-Troy being a team player in the first movie but not in the second) but in all reality it does because high school doesn't always make sense. You try to fit in when and where you can. It's a part of trying to find yourself which is what I think Troy was trying to do.    As far as the movie goes it was a really good movie. The gang is out for summer and they are all looking for a summer job. Troy gets a call from a Golf club and resort and he accepts the offer and gets the rest of the gang in too. However he is unaware that Sharpay & Ryans parents own the club and Sharpay is only trying to get with Troy. Troy goes through a lot of mishaps trying to find himself and he only gets himself into a lot of trouble. As usual Sharpay is only looking out for herself and is only interested in Troy. Sharpay and Troy hang out a lot during the movie because it is all in Sharpays plan to win over Troy. Just know in the end it doesn't work. Troy hurts and makes a lot of people mad in this movie. You defintely see a different side of everyone in this movie. Expect the unexpected because I think you will be very surprised at some parts of this movie. Welcome to high school where everything gets complicated.    The songs in the movie however, are amazing. I like that there a lot of ballads and duets between Troy and Gabriella. The songs between those two are so powerful and meaningful in this movie. Again they were amazing. There are also quite a bit of songs with the entire group minus the Evans. There are quite a bit of upbeat songs and some slow songs which give a great variety once again.    The only thing I did not like about this movie is how Troy treated Gabriella. I wanted to see their relationship progress more than what it did.
B000063UR2|5.0|I remember seeing this movie when I was much younger and I still love it. Even now, its not as cheezy as a lot of other older fantasy movies. The acting was great and you gotta love Tim Curry in this.
B00005JPUN|5.0|First of all, I am not a big fan of re-makes.  Especially with all the mindless tripe contained in so many of the re-makes coming out today.  I think the two worst re-makes that have come out in just the past two years were \\"War Of The Worlds\\" and \\"The Hills Have Eyes.\\"  Both of these re-makes did an absolute injustice to the originals and both of the original films contained a far better atmosphere, and acting as well.  I just don't understand the problem that Hollywood, along with people, in general, seem to have with original films.  Is newer necessarily better?  Well, that being said, I really have to say that this latest re-make of \\"Invasion of the Body Snatchers\\" is a rare exception to the re-make tripe that has been occurring recently and a marvelous breath of fresh air.  This was a very gripping and intelligent sci-fi thriller and I really felt that Nicole Kidman made one of her finest performances ever.  (I thought I was going to have insomnia after watching her brilliant perfomance of trying to stay awake to avoid becoming the latest victim of the invasion).      At any rate, this is one that should not be missed.  This has to be the best re-make since the other rarity, \\"King Kong\\", by Peter Jackson.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|I adore Jane Austen and this version of Emma is spot on. The acting is wonderful and the fact that Gwenyth Paltrow is not really british doesn't even come to play because she is fantastic in this. A very witty, charming fun movie that any Austen fan will love. And that Mr. Nightly..........................sigh
B000001GBJ|5.0|This music is absolutely incredible. It is truly difficult in finding the right words to describe this collection: serene, soulful, magical.  To hear the violin sing, then cry - to be rescued, then carried...it's amazing. Beautiful, beautiful composing. I can't imagine anyone not appreciating and falling in love with this collection.
B000GG4KTU|5.0|I love big band arrangements, and Dianna's departure from simply working with a jazz trio, and doing arrangements with a band backing her up makes some of the greatest new jazz I've heard in years. I hope she does more work like this.
B000ETQPYM|5.0|When I began reading this book, I became attached and it was a hard book to put down.  The author really captured my attention and held it throughout the entire novel.
0812975219|4.0|Taleb makes a very good point, which can be summarised as this: Most events in life are random, but we mere human beings cannot cope with the randomness and instead are compelled to write narratives to justify these events. When we buy a share which goes up it was probably just luck, but rather than accepting this we write a personal story demonstrating our keen intellect in making the selection. This failure to recognise randomness leads us to make various cognitive errors. First, we ride our luck and eventually encounter what he calls a black swan - an event that should have been incredibly unlikely. Second, we worship those who have enjoyed even more luck than us and attribute to them guru-like status.  There are three faults which stop me giving it five stars.   First, Taleb writes that the book has not enjoyed the attention of an editor, but I'm afraid it rather needed one. The insight is spread too thinly and the book could have lost a hundred pages without harm.   Second, he ignores one very vital point. There is an evolutionary reason why we ignore these \\"black swans\\". We only live for a few years and if we all followed the risk-averse methods of the author, we'd still be living in caves.  Third, the arrogant tone adopted by Taleb is at odds with his theory. As a Popperian, he knows that his ideas are merely provisional, so why sneer at everyone else?
0316067598|5.0|I have read over 100 books on war (mostly WWII and Civil War).  This has to be to one of the best books on war I have ever read.  It is a miracle Marcus Luttrell survived.  He is brutally honest about his ideals of combat and the liberal media (which I agree with).  GET THIS BOOK, HE IS A TRUE AMERICAN HERO!
B000R8YC3G|5.0|Loved this movie.  Saw Hot Fuzz first, which was also great.  This movie is a great comedy.  Other reviews go through the plot, so I won't bother.  Great movie in the tradition of British comedies with smart, sharp writing and great acting.
0141439580|3.0|I guess I am an exception.  I found the book, Emma, to be overly long and tiresome.  The book focuses mostly on social calls between Emma and her neighbors and their dialogue.  Emma is just so snobbish and aware of her high status that it was hard to find her likeable at first.  I found myself liking her more towards the end of the book as she saw the error of her ways.  I loved Pride and Prejudice...but this book just didn't really click with me.
B000002UAR|5.0|Indisputably one of the top 10 albums ever recorded. Every song is brilliant. Sweetest guitar harmony part ever on the monster \\"And Your Bird Can Sing.\\" Like most Beatles albums, this album is a vital part of any music fan's collection.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I had read allot of this title and heard about it in Dubai. This title is must have for either format of HD.<br />The titles even becomes more impressive if one invests in a 24 Frames per Second player like the Pioneer HD1.  I honestly can say that this title is the ultimate test tool for any Plasma or LCOS based set.  The content is fantastic from BBC-HD. I have yet to c any BBC title that disappoints. If Jaque Custo was a deep sea exploration visionary, then this title elevates his vision to many many new horizons.<br /><br />A must have for any HD enthusiast. Te 16x9 on this title is in fact full screen on a 16x9
B000002UAO|5.0|Before Rubber Soul the Beatles were a great group, but this is the album where they go from being the beatles to being THE BEATLES! The difference between this and the albums that precede it is staggering. At times rocking and at others (like Michelle and In My Life) beautiful, this is ann all-time classic that easily ranks in the Fab Four's top five.
0060763892|4.0|The Sigma Force novels have slowly grown on me to the point that I'm actually starting to look forward to them.  Rollins is not my favorite author, but he usually manages to entertain me.  This book had a lot of the ingredients that I find appealing in fiction: a bit of history, some science, a little supernatural phenomena, fast paced action, and suspense.  The characters and dialog are still a bit wooden and the bad guys represented by the guild are an absolute cartoon.  They remind me of a parody of an Austin Powers movie.  But the book is gripping and I'm sure most will tear through it in a couple of days at most.
B000002UAX|5.0|Nearly everything these guys recorded is essential; most of their work is the best music ever written and recorded. I could not say which album of their's is best, because that often changes depending on which one I'm listening to, and I was born almost 20 years after they broke up, so which one was the most groundbreaking is kind of hard for me to gauge, but this album has always been my favorite Beatles. Though peoplehave mixed opinions about this album, I find it hard to imagine anyone not recognizing its brilliance. It's all over the place stylistcally, but every track is great, many of them are among the best tracks anyone's ever recorded. There were many sides to the Beatles and eveyr member was extremely talented (though Ringo's talents pale considerably compared to those of the other three members), these talents and facets of the band show through brilliantly on this daring, bold, and superior album; the White Album, like most of the band's work, has more than aged well... it continues to sound fresh and original and always will.
0060763892|5.0|Gray Pierce, Painter Crowe and Monk Kokkalis - familiar friends in Rollins' heart pounding novels about the Sigma Force.  Don't start with this one - go back to the entrance of this group and be ready to jump out of a plane not knowing if your chute will open.  Rollins doesn't \\"write\\" he jogs, races and wins without stopping.  At times you will have to close a chapter just to catch your breath.  No rest for the weary in his books.  If our government put him in charge we would have bin Laden by now.  This man is a genius and deserves to be read, enjoyed and his books kept as treasures.  Enjoy - this book is a great read but not for the faint of heart.  One end of the book tip - tap, tap, tapping fingers....there is a surprize and a sequel to follow!!!
B000G759LW|3.0|Christina Aquilera has really developed as an artist over the years, her songwriting and voice. She has surpased Mariah Carey in her development. I love her vocals and most of the songs. I only wish that she would put out a CD that didn't have the nasty songs on it. Being a Christian I had to toss the CD because of the lyrics of 3 of the songs on it. Technically speaking it is much more advanced than her previous work.
0307237699|1.0|This book is a waste of time and money. I stopped reading it after realizing in the first chapter that he does the total opposite of what he said he believes in(typical democrat). He says Republicans and Democrats need to stop fighting with each other and work together and then literally on the next page he starts bashing Reagen, Bush and the Republican party. It was just a big joke. So retarded. And we all know whats going on....the first part is to show mindless people that hes a good guy who wants Repubs and Dems to work together and then on the next page he reassures his leftest ideology. And it was just so pathetic when he points out most of the waiters in the white house are black. Good God anyone who likes this book is obviosuly a one sided blind liberal.
B000OYC3J8|4.0|this cd isn't a great as their last but it still has me singing it in my head.I would purchase again
B000R4SMCW|3.0|It's hard to see Hopkins play a sinister role without calling to mind the iconic charcacter of Hannibal Lecter. I guess he will always be identified with that role, which, I guess is a shame. His villainous portrayal in this film seems to be nothing more than a slightly watered down version of Lecter.    The plot is interesting and moves along at a moderate pace, but the ending is a bit easy to predict once you pass a certain point.    Despite a few flaws, \\"Fracture\\" is worth a one-time viewing. The picture and sound quality are both very good and the extra features are decent enough to satisfy, but if you want to see Hopkins at his best, I suggest the original \\"Silence of the Lambs\\" and \\"The Bounty\\".
B0001N9ZKW|5.0|I'd never heard much Richard Thompson when he performed with Linda. This album holds up VERY well. The music is fun. The lyrics are gifted. Linda is a great singer!
0374530718|4.0|This is an engaging story encapsulating an introduction to Western philosophy.  While working out the mystery of the story, the reader is invited to consider, if obliquely, the nature of existence.  It certainly kept me turning pages as I became reacquainted with authors and theories I had read as an undergraduate in philosophy.  In many cases, the key points made by deep thinkers such as Kant were so very clearly phrased that I wished I had this a resource so many years ago.    Women philosophers are unfortunately missing in this, as so many, surveys of philosophy.  Also, the story ends rather abruptly, leaving something of a void in the reader - which may have been the point of the ending after all.  If so, it is remarkably good art as well as a fine survey of philosophy.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|This HD DVD is simply awesome! Great Picture and Sound! HD DVD > BluRay this round!
B000OYC3J8|5.0|I love this cd! Every song is great, Jack does it again! and Meg has such a sweet  voice I wish she would sing more!
B000SO7OMA|5.0|I am an enormous fan of Loreena McKennitt's music.  That's my bias and now let's move on.  Like some others, I bought this DVD/CD set back when she was touring this Spring.  That performance was a magical experience.  Unfortunately, I missed this concert on TV so I jumped at the opportunity to buy the DVD at the concert.  Since then I've listened to the CD many times as well as viewing the DVD regularly.  I'm in love with both.  They capture the essence of what it is to see this wonderful woman (and her equalling wonderful band) perform live.      First off, the CD.  I just published a thorough review on iTunes under the name 'The Stolen Child'.  For a basic overview: lots of great updates of old favourites (and new), only two complaints (tiny Lady of Shallot, too much electric guitar on Stolen Child), and RAGLAN ROAD.  That song alone is worth the price for this set.  It's heartbreakingly beautiful.  A fantastic job is done by every musician that graces this CD with their presence; Hugh Marsh, especially, is just explosive!    The DVD:  Beautifully done.  Some lovely shots of the Spains Moorish regions.  It truly is perfect; the camera even managed to capture some of the energy that's always bursting from Loreena's performances.  I love this DVD dearly and if love music and a good performance, chances are, you will too.    This combination is a necessity for any Loreena McKennitt fan.  It's really wonderful; I don't think you can go wrong.  Even the packaging looks nice.  In fact, I'm somewhat jealous of those of you who are buying this DVD now.  I like this cover even more than the earlier one (and that's saying something)!
0553804677|5.0|First in the Gentlemen Bastards fantasy series, and very difficult to believe that it's a debut novel. The story is a bit like Robin Hood meets Pirates of the Caribbean; a swashbuckling pirate tale set in a unique and interesting fantasy world, and the story hooked me in right from the get-go. This is the story of Locke Lamora, an orphan boy who learned to survive on the mean streets of Camorra, was then trained as a thief by the Thiefmaker, sold to Father Chains and trained even further. Locke is now a member of the Gentlemen Bastards, an elite group of thieves who do their dirty deeds on a much larger scale and live with the outward appearance of poverty but in their inner sanctum dine on the finest food and have a vast array of resources at their disposal. Ever plotting and scheming to achieve the big score, it's the game that keeps the Bastards going--the money they steal is secondary. At what point will Locke and his pals be in over their heads? I really, REALLY enjoyed this book!  There is quite a lot of graphic violence and cussing, just as a warning for those who don't care for that sort of thing. The characters all felt very real to me, and had me rooting for them right from the beginning. Where's the next one? This one stays on my Keeper shelf! A+
B00005JPFH|3.0|For the most part, I went into the movies unaffected by the hype (though I'd be lying if I said I wasn't completely annoyed with the endless chatter on Television about the BOX-OFFICE RECORDS the film was breaking before it was released in the US and even now. I especially disliked it when they kept showing scenes from the film not included the Teaser/Theatrical Trailers showcased wherever available. It really spoiled things for me.) and no expectations beyond a good Spider-Man Movie. It had everything I expected and more, though at first it felt as though the first several minutes of the film were moving far too fast for me, then quickly resumed a steady pace as the movie progressed. (I liked that they gave Peter's Neighbors, Ursula, and her father, more screen time. Heck, there was even a longer cameo scene for Stan Lee.) The action scenes were top notch and clearly so over-the-top (for reflex-purposes on Spider-Man's Part obviously) you couldn't help but watch as they unfolded upon the screen in awe. My favorite action sequence are the Harry (as the Goblin) vs. an Off Guard Peter Parker, and Spider-Man's daring rescue of Gwen Stacy as the building was being destroyed by the construction crane.      Mary Jane is basically kept in Comic-Book characterization; She's obviously beginning to realize its harder to keep a promise than it is to say it in words when it comes to her relationship with Peter and his alter ego. Peter is overjoyed that the city no longer thinks of him as menace and is living in the moment of his fame. Its clear that its gotten to his head, especially when he tries to console Mary Jane's 'acting-gig' woes using his alter-ego as a constant example to compare her with. He especially let's it get to his head when he allows Gwen to kiss him in the very same manner Mary Jane did in the first movie. His success as a hero, his failure to listen to Mary Jane's underlying problems, and her failure as an actor begin drive a wedge between the two. Soin turn, she begins to lean on an Amnesiac Harry Osborne for comfort, which unintentionally brings problems all three characters when Harry get's his head together finally and forces MJ to break up with Peter just as he get's his own head together (after vanquishing his uncle's killer). From there, things go downhill for Parker as he begins to turn to his infected Spider-Man suit for solace and vengeance against those who did him wrong.       The acting, for the most part, was great on all sides. The primary actors (Franko, Dunst, and Maquire, JK Simons, among others) are pretty much comfortable in the skin of their characters, so nothing much has changed beyond the necessary personality-quirks required for this film. Its was nice to see a non-vengeance seeking Harry Osbourne for once, given that shtick was getting tiresome before they actually gave him something to do, and it was also nice to see the darker side of Peter Parker again. Thomas Hayden Church brings some intelligence and angst to otherwise dimwitted Brooklyn-accented character. The venom subplot isn't brought out of the closet until the right opportunity present itself (Uncle Ben's actual killer) and is utilized pretty much like it is in its various comic/cartoon incarnations. The score, composed by Christopher Young (Ghost Rider), is a welcome new sound, complete with themes for the new villains, while still keeping true to Danny Elfman's score for the previous two films. The only shame is that the producers didn't think it was worth investing a Soundtrack of its' own. Only the various artist soundtrack is available. By the way; it sucks, don't buy it.         That aside, for me, the movie was allright despite the obvious lack of fluidity with the new characters (Gwen, Eddie, and Sandman). For one instance, the most wasted character in the movie was Gwen Stacy (my favorite female character in the SM-Series besides Black Cat); As much as I appreciate the acknowledgement of her presence in the films, there was really nothing for her do. She would've worked entirely better in Spider-Man II --- Mary Jane and Peter had yet to establish an actual relationship then --- as a potential lover for Peter. As it stands in Spider-Man III, she's just a tool used by the Venom-influenced Peter Parker to make his Ex-Girlfriend jealous.       Thankfully though, Gwen doesn't stand for it and vanishes until the last moments of the film (in which Flash Thomson makes an appearance as well). Eddie Brock, wasn't given enough development to actually merit as something as a villain (or Venom in this case), but he wasn't a horrible character. Tropher Grace played off well as Maguire's rival in the film. I would've loved to have seen more of his and Gwen's relationship though. The Sandman (Thomas Hayden Church) was yet another 'misunderstood villain' type of character that viewers could actually sympathize for, as opposed to Dr. Octopus in SM-II. He is litterally showcased as a character in the wrong places at the wrong time. One of those wrong times actually bring him the means in which to retieve money for his daughter's sickness, but to his dismay he is constantly hindered by Spider-Man. The CGI used to create Sandman was amazing and quite reminiscent of the 1999 film The Mummy. The scene detailing Sandman trying to pull himself together after the accident, is poignant and dare I say it . . . beautiful in some grainy way.       Another thing that irked me was the purposely-quick Up-close shots on Venom's (Eddie Brock) face and body whenever he appeared. It was as though they didn't take the time to refine this sidious character's appearance in the form of CGI and just went with what they used.     One Last irksome thing I took notice since before the movie was released was the fact that Spider-Man's costume didn't lack its intricate web-design in place for a entirely black body suit. While I don't have problems with the final product, the black suit its very cool, for me, the webbless body suit always represented what Spider-Man wasn't and what Venom was.       All in all It wasn't a bad movie. Sure it had its set of flaws, its biggest being one too many subplots, and one too many villians, but so did the first two. I mean who ever heard of Spider-Man loosing his powers because of is a confidence problem? [Spider-Man II] I cannot think of anything for Spider-Man, besides its innate silliness at times. ---- [3 out of 5]
0440180295|4.0|Kurt Vonnegut's SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE is an anti-war novel mixed with outlandish ideas and lots of satire. His thoughts skip around at times, but Vonnegut's humorous voice keeps the reader hooked. All in all it's an entertaining book with a different outlook of the Second World War.
0618551050|4.0|Always knew physicists made things up to suit their sensibilities. I knew it 25 years ago - Balanced particle creation, beautiful theories.  It all smacked of too many special brownies.  Always bothered me as I pursued my education.
1594489505|5.0|If you loved The Kite Runner, you must read this book.  What a learning experience!   I believe that Hosseini has given us the most intimate look at the life of an Afghan woman that we will ever get without living in the culture.  So timely since we know the Taliban is again on the rise.  This book lets you know what the Afghan women will be in for AGAIN if the Taliban is once more in control.
006085880X|2.0|Add two stars for the poignant description of depression and the in-depth and complex portrait of the female character. On the contrary, the male character is nowhere near, and his actions (or lack of them) simply do not make sense. I found myself wanting to scream 'What's wrong with you?' at his complete inability to produce any meaningful actions at all, as well as at his incomprehensible emotional responses.  The second half of the story is dedicated to producing a plot twist, and this determination to shock, by all means available, is the defining - and disappointing - feature of this novel. Whatever realism and emotional impact were achieved originally, they disappear with the contrived ending, which, in its desire to be a climax at all cost, is just utterly unbelievable.  There is no question that this novel leaves quite an emotional impact, and I could not put it down (I literaly spent all night reading it). Just like the jacket says, 'heartbreaking' and 'terrifying' it certainly is, but self-consistent and deep it is not.
B000RC2EH8|5.0|The best test of the HD DVD format here is to watch the rooftop battle scene between Raphael and Leonardo and the sewer skateboarding scenes.  AMAZING graphics.  In scenes where the turtles are moving, the details of how their spots stretch is incredible.  Ironically the one aspect that makes this movie look like a cartoon is the human actors/actresses, the turtles look more lifelike than anything else.
0783225849|5.0|My caption comes from the fact that both \\"Psycho\\" and \\"The Texas Chainsaw Masacre\\" were loosely based on the same killer Ed Gein. These are completely different films of course, but I find it interesting none the less. I have seen \\"Pyscho\\" so many times that it's not something I watch often now. The movie is still brilliant and what made me want to see it recently was the fact that I finally built my home theater. I wasn't born when \\"Psycho\\" was released in theaters and after 20 years of dreaming of having a home theater(long before they seemed possible)my vision has come true! The screen I have been viewing the movies I've reviewed is 150 inches which is a little over 10 feet long by little over 7 feet high. It was almost like watching it for the first time! I saw little things I never noticed thoughout the film and the score never sounded better. If you have never seen this movie, you have missed one of the most copied films ever! The version I'm reviewing is in the Alfred Hitchcock Masterpiece collection box set. Four reasons to buy this movie...It's Hitchcock, Perkins gives the performance of his career, it's one of the best horror/thrillers ever made and the DVD transfer is excellent!
B000PY52EU|4.0|I didn't have any expectations for this movie.  I was dissapointed to see Justin Timberlake in it, but Samuel L. Jackson did a great job, and Christina ricci was played the role well, but jez, she certainly enjoyed  showing it all off throughout the film.   you can read the other review for the story line, but this was different, and entertaining. Definitely worth renting, not bad for the collection.  check it out.
B000E8QVWY|3.0|I liked this movie, but it just didn't seem to do justice to the subject. I much prefer \\"Coal Miners Daughter\\" as a Biography. The cast does well, but the movie feels choppy to me. I didn't feel like I learned anything about Cash from this and there were huge chunks of his life missing. It is still a good film with it's many flaws and the DVD looks very good. Worth renting, but I wouldn't buy it.
B000R4SMCW|3.0|Again, anthony hopkins does another good job at playing a villanous murderer, but the rest of the film is ho-hum, predicatble and nothing shocking.  Envolve the same thing other trial films have, the young, vain lawyer who \\"doesn't lose\\", A love relationship that is \\"taboo\\" i.e. with the boss, and an ending that is suppose to be a twist, but as expected works out.  I just didn't care for Ryan Gosling role, but I don't think it's all his fault.  And the biggest lesson, walk away, in fact, run away if you get the chance. How stupid can a guy be, if you know your dream job is in jeopardy with what you are doing, and you can stop, Stop.  What the heck, I didn't feel sorry for him, thus making my interest in the film even less. Rental, Kinda a waste to buy unless you get a deal on it.
B0000640S3|2.0|The third installment of Rambo isn't any better than part 2! It is a comic book action movie with wooden performances and ridiculous situations. I give it 2 stars because.....I guess it is watchable nonsense? The DVD special edition is way better than the movie deserves.
B00006ADD5|5.0|When I first saw Lawrence of Arabia in 1962 I was 26 years old.  I knew very little about the history of WWI or the Arab Middle East.  Nonetheless the movie was riveting.  Now seeing it again at age 70, with some accumulated  knowledge of both subjects, it is truly spellbinding. This has to be one of the greatest films ever; perhaps, the greatest.<br /><br />Whatever one's political persuasion about the present turbulent Middle East and The West's role in it, one can gain a feeling, an insight into the people and region from this film that simply cannot be conveyed in print.<br /><br />The modern media images we have of Arabs today are either fat, bloated Saudi royals, ragged street people in a rage, insane suicide bombers, or down-at-heel scrofulous politicians.  We hear of a time when there was an Arab \\"glory\\" but it is unimaginable given the present sorry state of the Middle East.<br /><br />It's difficult to conceive of physically fit, courageous, self-reliant Arabs, not merely surviving, but thriving in their natural environs; the vast and unremitting desert.  The film imagery of the agile camel rider Omar Sharif and the robust horseman Anthony Quinn is stunning.  This is a new perception, that of Arab as athletic, splendid-looking and master of his domain.  Sharif as warrior/dreamer and Quinn as warrior/strongman, in the best roles of their lifetimes, will forever change your image of \\"the Arab.\\"<br /><br />I've nothing to say about Peter O'Toole's quirky portrayal other than it doesn't interfere enough with the rest of the production to keep this from being the great movie that it is. I think a perfect companion read would be David Pryce-Jones, \\"The Closed Circle: An Interpretation of The Arabs.\\" HarperCollins 1991.
0780628551|4.0|Heres the story : Astronaut goes into outer space, is possessed by an alien, comes back to earth and impregnates his clueless wife, and then spends the last ten minutes trying to kill her when she attempts to abort her alien twins.<br /><br />It sounds fascinating, but is made all the more interesting here because of the stage-like direction, and dark, gothic cinematography. The production is just gorgeous. It is a science fiction film unlike any other, because it negates special effects in favor of more psychological suspense, which definitely works to its' benefit.<br /><br />If you watch closely however, its amazing how little time Johnny Depp is actually on screen. Charlize Theron owns this movie. This is probably the only film I like her in other than \\"Aeon Flux\\". At the end of it, think of this like a dark, violent Science Fiction movie directed with the loving lethargy befitting a Jane Austen novel. This is a good thing, in this case.<br /><br />I have to say, like \\"The Ninth Gate\\" before it, this is one cinematic event that has gone by totally missed by major audiences. Not quite an epic, but a classy work on its own, I highly recommend this film.<br /><br />Anything Johnny Depp in is different, and this remains his only Science Fiction film. Get it if just for that novelty. Its worth it.
B000OCY7JE|5.0|This film was rightfully nominated for the Academy Award.  It is a story of a Danish man living in self exposed exile in India.  One is wondering if his charity work in orphanage is his life's calling, or a character's way of punishing oneself for life choices made long ago.  As money for the orphanage is dwindling, the benefactor appears offering financial help.  But like every charity, this one has a catch too.  Scenes from having main character Jacob return from Indian subcontinent to Europe show his displacement in the world he originated from.  It is obvious that he has been away for too long and everything, from his beautiful, tanned face to the suit he is wearing looks awkward in his new surrounding.  It feels as if he almost wishes to leap back to India and his familiar surroundings in orphanage.  And from this point on, story starts developing with surprises on every step along the way.  Emotional intensity keeps building and building.  I have not seen a movie so powerful like this one since \\"Barbarian Invasions\\".  This is a story of redemption, love, forgiveness and new beginings.  And like most of those things, it comes wih a high price...
B00005JPUL|4.0|There have been four film adaptations of Jack Finney's novel \\"The Body Snatchers.\\" The first and most famous was Walter Wanger's \\"Invasion of the Body Snatchers,\\" released in 1956 and starring Kevin McCarthy. This was followed by Philip Kaufman's 1978 remake, after which came \\"Body Snatchers,\\" a spin off film released in 1993. Clearly, this story has gotten a lot of mileage, and if future filmmakers aren't careful, it's only going to wear itself out. This is why I was nervous about the latest adaptation, \\"The Invasion\\"; I would be watching a completely unoriginal film with a predictable story. I went to the theater fully expecting to be disappointed. Then a funny thing happened--I got into it. And by the time I left, I realized that I actually enjoyed it.<br /><br />\\"The Invasion\\" is a rehash, but at the very least, it's a well-made rehash. This is a taut, suspenseful, creepy science fiction thriller that can put the audience in an uncomfortable place. All versions of this story play on our fears of identity loss, namely how humanity is gradually being replaced by an alien species. This new film adds an original twist; instead of clone-producing pods, a microscopic organism invades the body like a virus and reprograms the mind. In order for the transformation to occur, the infected person must fall asleep. The film opens with Carol Bennell (Nicole Kidman) in a trashed pharmacy. Dazed, frightened, and losing control, she searches for medications to keep her awake. Why this is happening, we don't yet know. All we do know is that, as she does this, something is trying to force its way through a locked door.<br /><br />The film then flashes back to the events leading up to this scene. The invasion begins when a space shuttle breaks apart when reentering the atmosphere. Dozens of pieces land in various parts of the United States. As would be expected, many curious spectators try to take a small piece for themselves. What they don't know is that the hull of the shuttle is contaminated with some kind of organism; not long after the crash, people start to behave strangely, something that can only be attributed to a new strain of the flu. And it's rapidly spreading.<br /><br />As all this is being established, Bennell is properly introduced as a divorced psychiatrist living in Washington, D.C. She begins to suspect something is wrong when her patient, Wendy Lenk (Veronica Cartwright, in an homage to her role in the 1978 film), confides that her husband is no longer her husband. He doesn't scream or hit, even when she does. He killed their dog. He always offers her something to drink. Such odd behavior is popping up all over the city, and pretty soon, random people stare at Bennell with blank yet horrifying expressions. Even her ex-husband, Tucker (Jeremy Northam), seems to have been affected. She rightfully feels nervous about letting her son, Oliver (Jackson Bond), stay with him, especially since he frequently wakes up screaming from fever-induced nightmares.<br /><br />After a while, it becomes obvious that a full-blown pandemic has hit the nations of the world. Bennell seeks the help of Ben Driscoll (Daniel Craig) and Stephen Galeano (Jeffrey Wright), two doctors who might be able to isolate and define the virus. As they try to do their research, the infected are continuing to spread the alien virus, both by setting up phony inoculation centers and by vomiting on their victims. At this point, Bennell focuses solely on finding her son, who remains stuck with his transformed father. She knows Oliver is in terrible danger. What she has yet to discover is that, because of a childhood disease, Oliver may be the key to eradicating the alien virus.<br /><br />In the midst of all this tension, the film takes an interesting turn by forcing us to question the true nature of the virus: Could it, in fact, be offering humanity the promise of peace? Is it worth losing our individuality if it means an end to war, violence, and hate? I have to admit; it sounds pretty tempting, considering the age we live in. The filmmakers seemed well aware of this, as seen during a news report announcing a peace agreement between North Korea and Iran. A welcome turn of events, no question. But at what cost? At one point, Bennell and a Russian diplomat engage in a very thought provoking conversation about the nature of humanity; history has shown that humans are aggressive in nature, and to lose that aggression is to lose all that is human. It isn't my place to agree or disagree with this line of reasoning. I will say that, if the diplomat is right, then we have some serious work to do.<br /><br />The film's major weakness is its final thirty minutes, which was reportedly rewritten by the Wachowski Brothers and re-shot by director James McTeigue. Indeed, moments of \\"The Invasion\\" do seem tacked on and awkward, such as a couple of car chase sequences. Nonetheless, I was taken by the general direction of the story, and I give a lot of praise to credited director Oliver Hirschbiegel for crafting some genuinely frightening moments. In general, I liked this movie. Why, I'm not entirely sure; I'm usually the first to criticize a film for being unoriginal. But this time, I didn't really care.g the age we live in. The filmmakers seemed well aware of this, as seen during a news report announcing a peace agreement between North Korea and Iran. A welcome turn of events, no question. But at what cost? At one point, Bennell and a Russian diplomat engage in a very thought provoking conversation about the nature of humanity; history has shown that humans are aggressive in nature, and to lose that aggression is to lose all that is human. It isn't my place to agree or disagree with this line of reasoning. I will say that, if the diplomat is right, then we have some serious work to do.    The film's major weakness is its final thirty minutes, which was reportedly rewritten by the Wachowski Brothers and re-shot by director James McTeigue. Indeed, moments of \\"The Invasion\\" do seem tacked on and awkward, such as a couple of car chase sequences. Nonetheless, I was taken by the general direction of the story, and I give a lot of praise to credited director Oliver Hirschbiegel for crafting some genuinely frightening moments. In general, I liked this movie. Why, I'm not entirely sure; I'm usually the first to criticize a film for being unoriginal. But this time, I didn't really care.
0064407667|5.0|Here we have the beginning and every book more, or less follows this book in terms of plot. It's one unfortunate event after the other and while the orphans have to use the hopefullness sparingly, it's interesting to see how they make it out in the end. So, here's a threadbare description of this plot and of the plots in the future.    This one: Three children of wealthy intelligencia find out their parents were killed in a fire while at the beach nearby. They are adopted by their closest relative geographically (Count Olaf) who makes no mistake that he wants to steal their fortune. They are transported to him by the banker who handles the estate (he's clueless). The children expose the plan and save the fortune.     This series: In each episode the orphans are taken to a new location/guardian, they get used to their odd surroundings and find that Count Olaf and his minions are around. Each time they must find a way to stop the villain, but are also forced to move to a separate place for the next volume.      What makes this series work for both kids and adults is the use of vocabulary which is explained in the book so that kids can understand large, or uncommonly used words. Each situation has oddness that would be interesting to children in a very visual way and contains a morbid humor that may be lost on children, but parents will pick up. What's also great about it is that to look at this series as unfortunate is only one was to look at it really since the children learn much from their turmoil, and they grow accustomed to it as if it were simply their role in life. The characters they meet along the way are certainly interesting and thought-provoking as portrayed. Simple truths about people that are never spoken are revealed through the stories and in this kids learn a lot about fictional and real life character.     All in all, an essential part of the puzzle.
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|This is definatly a must have movie.  Its a non stop edge of your seat thrill ride.  I also liked that there was a lot of realistic gun play and having a .50 cal rifle my self was happy to see they didn't make it out to be something it wasn't.  Mark puts on a another great performance.  They couldn't have picked a better actor for the role.
B000001Y79|4.0|I love this CD! I like it better than any other No Doubt CD I've heard and more than Gwen Stefani's new solo work. I find it ironic that the music video to Don't Speak has come true.
1568494173|4.0|Many of the reviews here seem to espouse the opinion that Clark's novel is better than the film because it \\"explains\\" the film (as if having all the answers spoonfed to the reader is a good thing).  One of the characteristics of truly great art is that it does not assume the audience needs all the answers handed to them.  Sometimes there are no good answers.  In fact, we are seldom given answers for anything that happens in life.  Great works of art serve as a medium for us to examine our place in the universe and force us to confront the questions of what makes us human, why things are the way they are, and what the future holds.  A work of art that gives simple answers to questions like these can be entertaining, but rarely reaches the status of great.    2001 the novel is an entertaining work of art.  2001 the film is a great work of art.  The novel is a standard work of fiction and reads as one.  The film transcends mere movie-making and turns us to face questions we would not otherwise ask ourselves.  Certainly, the film is less approachable than the novel, but that doesn't make it worse.  Is the film any less great because it does not explicitly describe the things the monolith teaches Moonwatcher?  Is the film less gripping because we are never told exactly why HAL malfunctions?  Does the film cheat the viewer because we are not told the background of the alien race?  Absolutely not.  The image of the monolith appearing on the scene in the first segment of the film with the familiar strains of Strauss' Also sprake Zarathustra is far more memorable than the bland text from the novel.  The character of HAL in the film gives us pause about the possibilities (and dangers) of genuine artificial intelligence, while the novel fails to humanize HAL in the same way.  The image of the Star-Child at the end of the film is haunting and hopeful, alien and human all at the same time.  The novel falls short of this lofty bar.    2001 is an entertaining work of science fiction that should be read by any SF fan, but it is not better than the film.  That's no fault of Clarke, though.  Few novels have plumbed the depths of the human condition the way Kubrick's masterpiece has done.
B00005UDVP|3.0|This was her first English language crossover album, and it's OK. I prefer her earlier Spanish work and, for those so inclined, the english Volume of Oral Fixation.
B00005JPQR|5.0|Jason Bourne (Damon) is still searching for his true identity, and is once again becoming a thorn in the side of the CIA.  Noah Vosen (Strathairn), head of black ops targets him for elimination, and soon he is on the run again.  This time around agents Pamela Landy (Allen) and Nicky Parsons (Stiles) are on his side, offering their assistance to stop the darker aspects of the CIA as well as help him find himself.<br /><br />\\"The Bourne Ultimatum\\" is an excellent action movie, and a fitting end(?) to the Bourne trilogy.  The best of the three and the best threequel of the summer, \\"Bourne\\" is nonstop action with a smart story.  Matt Damon falls back into Bourne's shoes easily, and the supporting cast is once again top notch.  The \\"Bourne\\" series has delivered top notch stories and action from the beginning, and it would be a shame if it didn't continue beyond this point.  This is one of the best action trilogies ever made.  I highly recommend this film.
0385522401|5.0|Nowadays, in premarital relationships, sexual compatibility is something that most couples do not wait too long to find out about. Typically, we're getting to this part quicker and quicker it seems, and I would venture to say that this is an area fraught with less mutual confusion than say for instance, the depth of true \\"love\\" between the two people. Compatibility in other realms taking a [shall we say] front seat while the people themselves are [ahem] in the back one!<br />In other words, [generally speaking now], courtship includes sexship!<br />Yeah! Well!<br />? Meet Edward and Florence.<br /><br />We are told in the very first sentence [the author does not court his reader long]... They were young, educated, and both virgins on this, their wedding night, and they lived in a time when a conversation about sexual difficulties was plainly impossible.<br />When was this time?<br />1962.<br />Pre-sexual-revolution England.<br /><br />Thing is, Edward and Florence are in love. They've got that part of things in order.<br />They're 22 years old. They've got the world by the tail.<br />Florence, daughter of wealthy parents, has her musical interests.<br />Edward loves history, and dreams of being a writer.<br />McEwan paints a rather idyllic sort of atmosphere surrounding the couple, Edward becoming increasingly involved with the Ponting family, even moving into their villa just off the Banbury Road. He plays regular tennis with Geoffrey, the future father-in-law, and lands a job working in the family business.<br />What could be wrong in this picture?<br /><br />Well, in the midst of all of this splendor and promise, there are things that both of these youngsters avoid confronting, on a communicative level.<br />Edward, well aware of his own sexual inexperience, is startled to find that even his slightest advances toward Florence are met with seemingly undue resistance. Yea, even revulsion.<br />Florence, we are told in one brief, almost hidden away sentence, thinks that Edward has been with many women, before her. This misinformation fuels her reticence and fear.<br />McEwan seems to suggest [albeit so subtly that the reader must guess at it] that Florence has experienced sexual abuse at the hands of her father in the past.<br />Point being that lack of communication, like termites, is eating away at what could be a perfectly good building.<br /><br />And so here we are at The Wedding Night.<br />We are on Chesil Beach, at this resort.... well, not us, but these two are there.<br />And McEwan writes so forcefully that we cannot help but become wicked voyeurs.<br />Yea, we lean in closer, to be sure we hear every word... see every eyelash flicker.<br />They are having a very lackluster, fear-fraught dinner.<br />And then the moment arrives.<br />The bed.<br />False signals are flying every which way, like penalty flags at a soccer match.<br />McEwan is all about moments. About antecedent causes, and how moments in time can change us forever.<br />Well, for those of us who appreciate this aspect of his work, [and I am one of them] he is not about to disappoint us here. Everything about this novella is compact and quick, and believe me, it comes to a ragingly lopsided climax now.<br />Quickly. No words wasted.<br />It is not spoiling anything here for me to say that the bed scene is an absolute disaster. An emotional armageddon.<br /><br />But the true tragedy is yet to appear.<br />On Chesil Beach.<br /><br />Not to over-moralize here, but the book made me ask myself a question.<br />At what point do we attend to the physical matters of relationship?<br />Is the correct answer to be only after the wedding day, as many religions [and presumably, \\"God\\"] would tell us? As Edward and Florence did?<br />Far be it from me to attempt an answer to that question that would suit all people.<br />But, this book surely provides one look at the devastation that can result from an unrealistic commitment to delayed gratification and lack of open communication.<br />Whatever else we want to think about sex, one thing that rings true in this book is that it is profoundly important.<br />And to think otherwise, and enter into marriage in a state of mutual sexual ignorance, can be life-threatening.<br /><br />And yet, On Chesil Beach is not even about sex.<br />It's about \\"love and patience\\" which, as Edward realizes on the last page, [and decades later] could have saved the day. Could have \\"seen them both through.\\"<br />We are given hints that Florence has learned the same thing, too.<br />Sometimes, [in fact, perhaps all the time] to do nothing, is to have done too much.<br />The armageddon of the bedroom scene was fixable.<br /><br />What an amazing, amazing book!<br />Days later, I re-read the last 50 pages or so, aloud, to a friend, and even knowing it all ahead of time, had to stop several times. Couldn't go on.<br />The last chapter, the fifth one, is among the most moving pieces of writing I have ever encountered.<br />On Chesil Beach is the eighth McEwan book I have read.<br />I've loved each one, but I think I like this one best.<br />So, in my opinion, Chesil Beach is five stars out of five!<br />It will become a beloved novel to everyone who will have, or is having, or has had a love relationship with another person. And you've gotta admit, that's a huge audience.<br />Such is the appeal, of On Chesil Beach.into marriage in a state of mutual sexual ignorance, can be life-threatening.    And yet, On Chesil Beach is not even about sex.  It's about \\"love and patience\\" which, as Edward realizes on the last page, [and decades later] could have saved the day. Could have \\"seen them both through.\\"  We are given hints that Florence has learned the same thing, too.  Sometimes, [in fact, perhaps all the time] to do nothing, is to have done too much.  The armageddon of the bedroom scene was fixable.    What an amazing, amazing book!  Days later, I re-read the last 50 pages or so, aloud, to a friend, and even knowing it all ahead of time, had to stop several times. Couldn't go on.  The last chapter, the fifth one, is among the most moving pieces of writing I have ever encountered.  On Chesil Beach is the eighth McEwan book I have read.  I've loved each one, but I think I like this one best.  So, in my opinion, Chesil Beach is five stars out of five!  It will become a beloved novel to everyone who will have, or is having, or has had a love relationship with another person. And you've gotta admit, that's a huge audience.  Such is the appeal, of On Chesil Beach.
B000JJSRNY|5.0|Yes, Netrebko, Villazon, and Domingo all sing as perfectly as we could imagine.  But the surprise for me was the acting and passion that each brought to this outdoor performance before a gigantic and appreciative audience.<br /><br />First, it's Netrebko, swaying to the music and almost dancing as she sings the line, \\"My mother was a dancer\\" from Franz Lehar's Giuditta.<br /><br />Later, Villazon captivates the audience with a rousing, delightful, \\"Italian Wedding-style\\" La Danza by Rossini.  Alongwith the audience, Netrebko is so inspired that she's still dancing, as he leads her out for her La Boheme aria.<br /><br />As twilight approaches at this outdoor \\"forest concert\\" in Berlin, the night is capped off by all three, performing a Lehar song, \\"Dein ist mein ganzes Herz\\" (\\"You are my only love\\"), in which Domingo and Villazon alternate their wooing, each pulling Netrebko towards them.  Alternating her own flirtations, she puts the cherry on the sundae with  a high note that brings down the house.  It just doesn't get any better than this.<br /><br />I was so enthusiastic about this concert that I invited friends over to see whether I was just bewitched, or if they too, found it enchanting.  Indeed, they too found it irresistible.  You will love this concert so much that you will barely be able to wait to share it with friends!
B00005MKA1|5.0|One can't fail to be moved by music such as this. Drop this disc into your digital player, slip on the best pair of headphones you can afford (the quality of the remaster is astounding, with superb dynamics audible even at low volumes), and really listen...listen as if your ears were brand new, and let this music penetrate your soul...who knows, you might even envision living in a world where the Golden Rule was not about who has the gold. Perhaps you might begin to understand the singular power and universality of this man's music.<br /><br />BTW, as this album is replete with musical subtleties, sobriety is mandatory for maximum listening enjoyment.
B000N3STBQ|5.0|For me this is the real beginning of Depeche Modes career.  Everything Depeche Mode produced 1986 and beyond is amazing to listen to.  Martin Gore was in full swing of the bands controls and they never sounded better.  The album starts off with Black Celebration a very moody song that catches the listeners ear and goes all the way to an amazing collection of songs and ends with the up beat 'But not tonight'.  I highly recommend Music for the Masses, Violator, Playing the Angel, and Songs of Faith and Devotion also.
B000BNI90O|5.0|I love this package of CDs. The box they came in arrived damaged, so it may be too flimsy in construction, but I wasn't about to ship it back to wait for a new box. The CDS works fine and the music is unbelievable!  I can't wait to get the complete recordings of \\"TTT\\" and \\"ROTK\\".
B0000AUHOH|3.0|In 1989, this movie suffered from several problems that were unique to this particular film, but one thing is shared with later Trek films was a diminished budget. Paramount never really believed in Star Trek's staying power until the Next Generation was a hit. After that, Trek could do no wrong, and Paramount couldn't be swayed from supporting dismal outings like Voyager or Star Trek: Insurrection. Before they saw the light though, they kept cutting the budgets. Maybe they felt they better be careful just in case Trek really WAS a fad after over 20 years of fervent devotion by fans. Because of the budget's shrinkage, and the actors' fees swelling, there was less and less money that found its way onto the screen (The point of making a film)! To cut corners, they crossed off ILM from FX duties, and went to a smaller, cheaper vendor for this film. They did a good job, with the budget they had to work with. Truly. But after seeing some pretty wonderful stuff in the previous 4 pictures, I came away feeling a bit disappointed. The Final Frontier looked a little flat and phony. New FX wont fix all the flaws with this picture, but it would go a long way toward making this Trek one that could stand tall with the rest of the films. Be a good marketing move on Paramounts' part, too. How about it guys? How much could it cost? You let bunch of computer geeks fool with Star Trek I, and that picture didnt even NEED any help! ILM could probably bang out a whole batch of new FX in an afternoon, if they didnt stop for coffee breaks.
0743297334|3.0|One of my most recent reads has been Ernest Hemingway's [1926] novel, The Sun Also Rises.<br />Hemingway is one of those authors I have wanted to explore for a long time [along with James Joyce, Saul Bellow or John Updike] but I have inexplicably never really gotten around to it. Actually, this is not entirely true... I did read Hemingway's memoir-ish A Moveable Feast, and loved it.<br />But The Sun Also Rises was my second look at Papa, and I do want to read more.<br />It was entirely coincidental that I was reading it during the same days [seasonally speaking] in which the novel itself takes place.<br />The bullfights of Pamplona, along with the daily early-morning three-minute suspension of sanity known as the \\"Running With The Bulls\\" takes place from early to mid-July.<br />And that is where we find ourselves in this book.<br /><br />Jake Barnes, [whom I could not help but identify with what I know of the persona of the author], is an American journalist stationed in Paris. He likes bullfights, drinking, fishing, and..... not working.<br />This book is like one long, extended party, where people venture from caf&eacute; to bar, and stay in either place only long enough to suggest the next rendezvous, the next caf&eacute; or bar where they will consume as much alcohol as is humanly possible!<br />I've never read of such wanton dissipation since, well..... A Moveable Feast!<br /><br />So, in the first portion of the book we meet all of Jake's friends, beginning with Robert Cohn, the Jewish writer, ex-boxer. Cohn is the only person in this book that is not a severe alcoholic.<br />Then there's Lady Brett Ashley, the sort of English dame hottie that everyone not only wants, but also... has! Jake and Brett maintain a close, although platonic [for reasons I will not get into] relationship throughout the course of the book, and they are paranthetical characters, in my opinion.<br />The ever-insouciant [and ever-soused] Mike Campbell is Brett's boyfriend [well, she has others, too] and he hates Robert Cohn, not only because of Cohn's Jewishness, [racism abounds in this book] but because of the fact that Robert loves Brett.<br />Then there is Bill Gorton, sort of a happy-go-lucky guy who rounds out this fivesome of ne'er do wells. A spicy amount of secondary characters are peppered throughout, but suffice it to say, these principal five all end up in Pamplona for fiesta week, where they trample and gore their way through all of the hotels and bars like a wild herd of multi-horned rhinos!<br />At one point, a brief fight breaks out between Jake and Robert Cohn, and the following few lines illustrate the near skeletal way that Hemingway writes.<br /><br />Jake narrates:<br />I swung at him and he ducked. I saw his face duck sideways in the light. He hit me and I sat down on the pavement. As I started to get on my feet he hit me twice. I went down backward under a table. [from ch.XVII].<br /><br />I went down backward under a table?<br />Anyone writing this sparsely [not to mention disjointedly] nowadays would not be published.<br />And yet. And yet... there is something about this book that is good.<br />Something that makes it well worth reading. Hemingway [successfully] gets away with this sort of austere, clip-clop style... utterly devoid of pretense. Leaving you with the feeling that you have a brother, or maybe an uncle, that would have related these events to you in much the same way.<br />Or maybe even a Papa.<br />I enjoyed The Sun Also Rises, in a non life-altering way!<br /><br />So what am I saying about this, my second foray into Hemingway?<br />Am I `fer it, or `agin it?<br />I say overall, it is a thumbs up! Read it.<br />Hey, and now that I think of it, I read Old Man and the Sea way back in high school.<br />But it was required reading, so.... doesn't count.<br />Reading under duress does not count!s Jewishness, [racism abounds in this book] but because of the fact that Robert loves Brett.  Then there is Bill Gorton, sort of a happy-go-lucky guy who rounds out this fivesome of ne'er do wells. A spicy amount of secondary characters are peppered throughout, but suffice it to say, these principal five all end up in Pamplona for fiesta week, where they trample and gore their way through all of the hotels and bars like a wild herd of multi-horned rhinos!  At one point, a brief fight breaks out between Jake and Robert Cohn, and the following few lines illustrate the near skeletal way that Hemingway writes.    Jake narrates:  I swung at him and he ducked. I saw his face duck sideways in the light. He hit me and I sat down on the pavement. As I started to get on my feet he hit me twice. I went down backward under a table. [from ch.XVII].    I went down backward under a table?  Anyone writing this sparsely [not to mention disjointedly] nowadays would not be published.  And yet. And yet... there is something about this book that is good.  Something that makes it well worth reading. Hemingway [successfully] gets away with this sort of austere, clip-clop style... utterly devoid of pretense. Leaving you with the feeling that you have a brother, or maybe an uncle, that would have related these events to you in much the same way.  Or maybe even a Papa.  I enjoyed The Sun Also Rises, in a non life-altering way!    So what am I saying about this, my second foray into Hemingway?  Am I `fer it, or `agin it?  I say overall, it is a thumbs up! Read it.  Hey, and now that I think of it, I read Old Man and the Sea way back in high school.  But it was required reading, so.... doesn't count.  Reading under duress does not count!
B0002WYS6S|2.0|Very good musicians but music does not rock,is boring and they seem very mechanical and don't seem to enjoy playing music.And what rock star has to wear leather pants now a days (when did Jimmy Morrison die)
1582701709|3.0|The optimist in me believes in positive thinking, so the positive implications appeal to me, especially when I'm in a good mood. But the skeptic in me kind of laughed at the idea of paralysis rejuvenation through thought. Don't get me wrong, I believe in the power of the mind, but wouldn't all those paralyzed from the neck or waist down have cured themselves? Furthermore, the realist in me wondered about the authenticity of the messengers. Nevertheless, I think the secret of `The Secret' is positive thinking and internal change and the consequences therein. While I do like the idea of going to sleep and willing my wants and desires in my direction as I rest, I'm yet to see my $1,000,000,000 payday. And yes I know that may be a stretch, but if you're going to dream...
0751532711|3.0|I think this book does a good job of getting someone started in thinking the right way about money and how it works.  He does a good job using examples to demonstrate some great concepts in \\"Financial Literacy\\". I like how he focuses on the mindset of how you should view money.
B000PMGS8G|1.0|Why do the (traced) drawing of Flash Gordon look suspiciously like Aquaman, Prince Namor, Green Arrow, Shazam...and the Ming Merciless for that matter?
B000002MJ0|4.0|This album is pretty good.  It has a few really good songs(sueisfine, soft as snow, etc.) and a few not so good songs.  If you overthink this album, you probably won't like it very much, but if you just put it on, light a cigarette, lean back, and just let it wash over you without analysing it, you'll enjoy it quite a bit.  I have an interesting story as to how I got this album though.  Having heard Loveless, I wanted to explore more of this band's work, I was intrigued when I saw this album on the rack at one of my favorite local record/book stores.  I didn't have any money though, so I walked off.  I was called back by one of the owners of the store, who asked me if I was looking at the Bloody Valentine cd.  I said that I was, and he handed it to me saying \\"Here, take it.  Nobody's ever heard of them anyway.\\"  From that point on I was a very devoted costumer at this store.  To end the review, let me just say that I listen to this album more often than I do Loveless for this one reason: Loveless is almost too perfect, but this album has just enough imperfections that it almost makes it seem a bit more tangible.
B00005ASOI|1.0|First off, I'd like to say that when I'm browsing Amazon product reviews and I come across a critical, lowly rated review amongst all positive ones, I typically ignore it.  That the outlier just had irregular or bad taste.  But honestly, this movie is horrible and you are all crazy.    From the way everybody raves about this movie, one would imagine it to be a horror CLASSIC.  It's described as terrifying and beautiful.  So I was imagining something on a level with the Exorcist.  Old, but still amazing AND terrifying.  This was NEITHER.    I was in the mood for horror so I browsed 'Listmania' for horror DVDs. So I was extremely excited about this movie and brought it to my friend's house so we could all have a horror movie fest.    We laughed our way through the entire thing, and now I have lost movie-cred.    The acting was horrible, the soundtrack was hilarious and over-dramatic, the plot was ridiculous - from what I even remember; we stopped paying attention halfway through.  And it wasn't scary!  It just wasn't scary.  The gore was ridiculous.  And I hate when horror movies are gore-fixated.  Come on.  What do people see in this?    It was not 'strangely beautiful'    The sets were painted creatively in some parts, I suppose..    GIVE ME SCARY
B000Q9IZ5C|4.0|I bought the original Serenity, and it became my favorite movie of all time, spawned by the great series Firefly.  So, the movie rocks.  But I pre-ordered this edition and looked forward to it eagerly, but the special features are actually really lame.  Plus, the DVD menu sucks, the first one was better.    But who cares!  Buy this and see it!
B000002UAO|1.0|All I ask is a release of the ORIGINAL on CD. The same 12 tracks in the same order. It was perfection at the time, so why mess with it?????? Why can't the company simply re-release the original without, \\"bonus\\" tracks, especially without replacing original tracks like putting \\"Drive My Car\\" where \\"I've Just Seen a Face\\" should be and without \\"What Goes On\\" where \\"It's Only Love\\" should be. I can live with \\"Nowhere Man\\" being inserted out of nowhere and \\"If I Needed Someone\\" is a grea song, but why ut them in the middle of the old line-up? Put them at them end. The Beatles were one of the first bands to make albums that were unified wholes and Rubber Soul was one of the first albums that began to show this quality. Please, please, someone release the CD the way it was meant to be. Actually, never mind. My 1965 LP is in great shape ... I'll rip it, save the money, scan the artwork and sell it the damn CD.
B0000027RL|3.0|Not to say this album isn't good, but if you look at where the musicians are comming from you might see what I mean.  Gossard was in a band called Green River with a couple of these other dudes and Steve Turner and Mark Arm of Mudhoney and that was an amazing band.  Then of course there was Mother Love Bone which was basically this band with Andy Wood singing and even though they were more in the vain of glam metal, they still had better songs than the songs on this album.  In my opinion Vs. is a better album with songs like WMA that are hard to stop listening to, but really, I'd recomend getting Rehad Doll/Dry as a Bone by Green River or MotherLove Bone's self titled compilation and seeing if those two aren't just a bit better than this.
0307346609|4.0|I picked this up from my local library thinking it would be an entertaining dose of escapism while I spent a few days at the Jersey Shore. As it turned out, the weather didn't cooperate with my beach plans, but with more time indoors there was also more reading time and I finished the book in two days. It was time well spent - \\"World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War\\" IS is a page-turner, but it's not mindless and as an artefact of our times it's an above-average entry in that cultural pulse-o-meter sub-genre known as zombie fiction.<br /><br />Combining his admiration for Studs Turkel's oral histories with an equally powerful attraction to the premise of a global zombie rising - one that prompted him to write a 270-page \\"Zombie Survival Guide\\" in 2003 - Max Brooks offers a panoramic account of a worldwide battle for survival and eventual triumph over the living dead based on the recollections of its survivors. Set a decade after the major phase of the struggle has ended, Brooks takes us through the initial outbreak and emerging crisis in numerous countries; the disastrous \\"Battle of Yonkers,\\" the failure of which results in a period of rapid societal breakdown he calls the \\"Great Panic;\\" the formulation of a costly yet effective plan for stabilizing the situation; and the slow reconquest of the planet by humanity through a long-term war of extermination that extends from arctic tundra to the bottom of the oceans.<br /><br />The best-known storytellers of the zombie genre - people like George A. Romero, Lucio Fulci, Sam Raimi, and Dario Argento - have all used film as their medium, conjuring up visually shocking images of the dead rising to stalk and consume the living. Once you get past the variations on gore, however, most of these tales are remarkably consistent in the way they use zombies as a jumping-off point for other purposes. For zombies are unthinking, unfeeling creatures incapable of communication and animated by the single goal of eating their human prey. Having no potential for character development, zombies are uninteresting in their own right and instead function to throw light on the societies they disrupt.<br /><br />In \\"Night of the Living Dead\\" and its sequels, George A. Romero used zombies to construct a kind of critical counter-narrative of American history since the 1960s, casting a savage eye on racism, militarism, consumerism, class oppression, and other social maladies resting on or just below the surface of ordinary life, and Romero employs the zombie crisis as a way of placing these cultural conflicts and contradictions into sharp relief. Romero's human protagonists are usually so preoccupied with their own disputes that they can barely manage to cooperate against the zombies surrounding them on all sides and moving in for the kill. Over the years, Romero has been expanding the scale of his sets, from a house under siege, to a shopping mall, to an underground research facilty, and - most recently - to an entire city.<br /><br />Max Brooks also serves up a large dose of cultural and institutional criticism in \\"World War Z,\\" but perhaps owing to the current climate of mounting political tensions in every corner amidst growing evidence of our common ecological and economic interdependence he opts for a global canvas, constructing his fiction through the voices of dozens of characters drawn from every continent. This \\"oral history\\" device proves to be an inspired choice, as it allows Brooks to cover a lot of ground and keep his plot moving without having to develop a character who experiences all the major events he chronicles.<br /><br />With his story set in the very near future, Brooks uses only a modest bit of extrapolation to depict the circumstances under which the initial outbreaks of zombie \\"infection\\" snowball into a catastrophic global crisis. He is blistering in his condemnation of government secrecy, bureaucratic and military incompetence, the venality and corruption of the rich, social obsessions with media and celebrity, and the folly of savlation through technology. The voices Brooks creates to describe the war against the undead share a weary lack of sentimentality as they recall psychological breakdowns, betrayals, and the struggle to reclaim some notion of shared humanity in the face of relentless horror, stress, and exhaustion. While this might not seem like a fun read, Brooks manages to keep his prose lean and lively, with frequent shifts of perspective and enough moments of humor (befitting a former writer for Saturday Night Live) to offset the gory descriptions of ghoulish carnage.<br /><br />With the zombie genre having such a well-established film audience, it's no surprise at all that film rights to \\"World War Z\\" were negotiated even before the book was published, and the movie version is currently being forecast for a 2008 release. But there's no reason you should wait for the movie in this case - the book will satisfy any fan of the genre even as it - ahem! - whets your appetite for more.nd the folly of savlation through technology. The voices Brooks creates to describe the war against the undead share a weary lack of sentimentality as they recall psychological breakdowns, betrayals, and the struggle to reclaim some notion of shared humanity in the face of relentless horror, stress, and exhaustion. While this might not seem like a fun read, Brooks manages to keep his prose lean and lively, with frequent shifts of perspective and enough moments of humor (befitting a former writer for Saturday Night Live) to offset the gory descriptions of ghoulish carnage.    With the zombie genre having such a well-established film audience, it's no surprise at all that film rights to \\"World War Z\\" were negotiated even before the book was published, and the movie version is currently being forecast for a 2008 release. But there's no reason you should wait for the movie in this case - the book will satisfy any fan of the genre even as it - ahem! - whets your appetite for more.
B000H5V8DG|5.0|I was ecstatic when I found out they had this Collector's Edition with the complete series, and it does not disappoint.  It is a beautiful box, with a special-features disc hidden in the bottom of it.      Everyone I know that has watched this show has loved it and has become addicted to it like a drug.  Join the cult and buy this complete series right now.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|This soundtrack is absolutely incredible.  It has a very theatrical sound which puts the listener completely in tune with Nikki's addiction and diary thoughts.  Extremely powerful and moving.  I've owned the CD for 8 hours now and have already listened to it several times.  Once you begin with Track #1, you need to complete the journey all the way through Track 13.   Now that I've heard the soundtrack, I can't wait for the book to arrive next month.
B000QXDED6|5.0|This movie rocks!  Great storyline in typical Miller style...very dark.  Gotta love some of the great one-liners that these guys say such as when they are getting attacked by the arrows.    The movies that i think are in the Top 5 above this one are Terminator, Rambo, Die Hard and Rocky.    LOVE IT!!
B000GH3CVQ|5.0|The songs are beautiful, intricate, formed in such a way that you want to listen to each 8 or 9 times before you move on to the next, you want to hear every little sound, every word pronounced, each note played. As I do with things that I find have helped me in life, I will do the same with this. I will buy other copies and spread them out to people, In my eyes I believe that this music can help others - for its already helped me.    - thanks.   -enrique
0316067598|5.0|I remember this incident when it was reported on the news. I remember it was extremely tragic hearing that the rescue chopper carrying 8 SEALS and 8 SOAR members were shot down without a fight.    This is an incredible story of bravery and sacrifice. You literally can 'feel' what these men are made of.    As a book, it does feel a little long on the SEAL training part of the story. It covers over half the book. But once the mission starts, I couldn't put the book down. It was very gripping. And the kind of book that you might have to stop once in awhile because you feel that lump in your throat. It is a somber story.    This book can easily be made into a movie. But with the liberal hollywood, I doubt they would actually show the military in a good light.    All I can say is, READ THIS BOOK. And thank god there was one survivor to tell the stories of these brave and extraordinary men.
B000REYUKU|5.0|I have been using the CP-E3 as a high voltage battery pack for my two 580EX, and single MT-24EX flash units. It works very well. It's light, carries 8 AA NiMh batteries, and will power an entire wedding shoot without choking.    When the 580EX II flash was announced, it featured weather sealing, and the weather sealed CP-E4 was announced at the same time. I added a 580EX II to my flash arsenal, and recently bought a CP-E4 to go with it. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the CP-E4 is pretty much identical to the older model, except for the weather sealing. It is so nice to not have to worry about rain invading the battery pack, and the new flash connector also makes a water tight seal at the flash unit.    As a bonus, the old 580EX unit is not weather sealed, but when used with the new CP-E4, it's high voltage connection IS sealed. That makes a huge difference when shooting in misty drizzle. The CP-E4 is a perfect update to the CP-E3, which was almost perfect to begin with.    Besides, at it's current price, it is easy to have backup units with fresh batteries ready to go at a wedding or other shoot.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|...here in Germany both flicks have already been separated and released individually for their THEATRICAL release. And at least in the case of Death Proof, the result sucks big time. Without even knowing the (shorter) US version, after the show the audience was leaving with a feeling of having seen a picture that had simply been one hour too long. This is a serious advice: do not spend your hard earned moneys on the extended version. As a matter of fact I was here hoping to get the short version, but without luck as it seems...
1416523359|3.0|This time, after having explored the realm of his almost-death, SK gets the job done.    The writer is finally dead, and his wife Lisey (Tabitha?) gets over the task of getting into decades of his husband's work.    Frankly, when I got over the first ten pages and discovered the facts above, I was almost to put a SK book away for the first time in 50 books...why, I asked myself, the man REALLY run out of ideas...what about the next book: the Writer in Paradise? Something like \\"the writer is dead but he gets back reincarnated in a Donkin Donut which suffocates the always critical Constant Reader\\"? For sure, I will not eat donuts again, if the Man gets away forever.    After the ten pages, I got over, and I relieved. The great use of language which is characteristic of the King is back. The story smells too much of other books (I read about the hellish farmer somewhere else), but the language is really good.    The thing runs out someway at the end of the book, and the final, as sadly happens lately, is sluggish and so-whatting, but the man deserves three stars for having written a book (almost) by himself again.
0930289234|5.0|This is the best book I have read in a long time, in any genre--I very rarely read comics or graphic novels.  The story is incredible, very well-written, and the artwork is beautiful.  I recommend it to anyone with an appreciation for great literature.  Read it soon, though--there is a movie version coming out in the next year or two, and even if it doesn't suck (longshot), it won't come close to doing justice to this 12-chapter masterpiece.
B000K15VSA|5.0|It's maybe the best Sci fi film of all time, maybe number two behind Ridley's other masterpiece, Alien. This film depicts a dystopian Los Angeles in November 2019 in which genetically manufactured beings, physically identical to adult humans, called replicants are used for dangerous and degrading work in Earth's \\"off-world colonies.\\" Replicants became illegal on Earth after a bloody mutiny. Specialist police units -- blade runners -- hunt down and \\"retire\\" (i.e. kill) escaped replicants on Earth. The plot primarily focuses on a particularly brutal and cunning group of replicants hiding in Los Angeles and a semi-retired blade runner, named Rick Deckard, who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment. This movie I believe helped to inpire many clone and cyborg type movies like A.I. The story is so ahead of it's time and one of those rare movies that is as good today as it was in 1982 and is almost more relivant. Well fleshed out characters, Roy Batty (Rutger Hauer) is a commando, Leon a soldier and manual laborer, Zhora (Joanna Cassidy) a sex worker retrained as an assassin, and Pris (Daryl Hannah) a \\"basic pleasure model.\\" Bryant also explains that the Nexus-6 model has a four-year lifespan as a failsafe against their developing unstable emotions. Deckard is teamed up with Gaff (Edward James Olmos) and sent to the Tyrell Corporation to ensure that the Voight-Kampff test works on Nexus-6 models. While there, Deckard discovers that Tyrell's (Joe Turkel) young secretary Rachael (Sean Young) is an experimental replicant (who believes she is a human) with implanted memories from Tyrell's niece, which provide a cushion for her emotions. I'm a character guy and believe it is imposable to have a great film without many stong multi fasited characters with more that a few layers. Lastly like any great film it is very thought provoking and leaves a lot to the viewer imagination. Many critics and movie goes hated this film for that reason but for the rest of us the compelling question of weather or not Deckard is a replicant is just that thing that makes the movie great. Oh, just so you know...Of course he is, you silly goose!<br /><br />This is one of those movies that holds up to almost anything made today. the directing, acting, effects, and characters are all spot on. The movie made Rutger Hauer a career as someone to be afraid of.<br /><br />This edition could make most fanboys soil themselves, I did...twice.  It's a great set.  The best \\"special edition\\" yet.ling question of weather or not Deckard is a replicant is just that thing that makes the movie great. Oh, just so you know...Of course he is, you silly goose!     This is one of those movies that holds up to almost anything made today. the directing, acting, effects, and characters are all spot on. The movie made Rutger Hauer a career as someone to be afraid of.     This edition could make most fanboys soil themselves, I did...twice.  It's a great set.  The best \\"special edition\\" yet.
B000EGDB10|4.0|It was fun to watch this again after so long.  Lots of violence though.
B000JLQSW4|5.0|Luis Mejia (son) - Tales Of Mystery And Imagination was the debut album where Parsons wanted to be critically recognized as a serious genious among musical engineers, leaving a self-esteem fulled to the top, later, for proving a thematic, enjoyable but delicately complex work, he released I Robot in 1977, for many is regarded as his finest piece of art between his periods of popcraft and mature, super complex releases.<br /><br />I Robot is proved to be a concept album, refering to Isaac Asimov robot tales, titled precisely \\"I, Robot\\", and while being a thematic work, it assumes one of the most delicate and intricate albums in progressive rock, bounding beyond the barriers of complexity, maturity and devotion. Differed in slight contents and experimentation from Tales Of Mystery And Imagination and from the abrupt popcraft in Pyramid; although it accomplish the perfect result between both, possessing a concrete experimentation and light, popcraft moments, later characterizing Pyramid. I Robot contains a set of delightful musical moments, very different but set up with cohersion, its very easy to identify with these certain moments in its delicate, complex, futuristic, situational, focused, conceptual, thematic, experimental and diversive moods.<br /><br />Within the tracks each one keeps a beautiful, comprehensive structure with its specific moments, you can go from the first track, I Robot, which is a beautifully crafted instrumental with a futuristic, innovational sound, containing some of the weirdest, awkward, and extremely original sounds, to the rythmical, more accessible I Woudn't Want To Be Like You, which also became a minor hit. Some Other Time retains a delightful, situational mood with profound emotion, while Breakdown becomes the first song containing slight popcraft signs, although a beautiful, enjoyable and comprehensive song, beautifully orchestrated and possessing the greatest final moment in the album, its recognizable tunes are also a highlight. Don't Let It Show comes as the most famous song in the album, and of TAPP most famous, being a mellodic balladry full of emotions, is one of few songs in the world that can lead you to tears, its also preceded by The Voice, certainly a paranoic song with fantastic tunes, also with a voive distortion part. Nucleous comes as a peaceful, synthesized composition, undertaking, uncompromising, atmospheric, a break through the heavy ambient of the album. Day After Day (The Show Must Go On) is certainly the most pop oriented song in the whole album, but still it keeps some melancholic, situational moods with beautiful mellodies. Total Eclipse is not a song for listening, its just for thinking, and what they intend us to think (or at least that's what I assumed) is the terrorific, frightening, unexpected situation: the rise of the machine over men has finally ocurred and lead to destruction, while it interconnects with Genesis CH.1 V. 32, while this song is more comprehensible and listenable, in its fearfull instrumentation is revealed the leading situation to Total Eclipse. Track pick: I Robot, Breakdown, Don't Let It Show.<br /><br />Among the artists, there are some highlights; Alan Parsons' thoughtfully crafted composition and production led to its most acclaimed album. within the vocals, its a highlight to see later long time collaborator Lenny Zakatek singing the beautiful Don't Let It Show, and that co-founder Eric Woolfson only sang Day After Day, and later on through their careers, TAPP popular success is mainly acclaimed to Eric Woolfson commercial voice.<br /><br />In conclussion I Robot remains as the greatest top of musical composition and thoughtful, evocative, conceptual themes. A true MUST for every TAPP fan and a valuable piece of art for prog fans and comlex music enjoyers, my sincere 5 stars recommendation.comes as the most famous song in the album, and of TAPP most famous, being a mellodic balladry full of emotions, is one of few songs in the world that can lead you to tears, its also preceded by The Voice, certainly a paranoic song with fantastic tunes, also with a voive distortion part. Nucleous comes as a peaceful, synthesized composition, undertaking, uncompromising, atmospheric, a break through the heavy ambient of the album. Day After Day (The Show Must Go On) is certainly the most pop oriented song in the whole album, but still it keeps some melancholic, situational moods with beautiful mellodies. Total Eclipse is not a song for listening, its just for thinking, and what they intend us to think (or at least that's what I assumed) is the terrorific, frightening, unexpected situation: the rise of the machine over men has finally ocurred and lead to destruction, while it interconnects with Genesis CH.1 V. 32, while this song is more comprehensible and listenable, in its fearfull instrumentation is revealed the leading situation to Total Eclipse. Track pick: I Robot, Breakdown, Don't Let It Show.    Among the artists, there are some highlights; Alan Parsons' thoughtfully crafted composition and production led to its most acclaimed album. within the vocals, its a highlight to see later long time collaborator Lenny Zakatek singing the beautiful Don't Let It Show, and that co-founder Eric Woolfson only sang Day After Day, and later on through their careers, TAPP popular success is mainly acclaimed to Eric Woolfson commercial voice.    In conclussion I Robot remains as the greatest top of musical composition and thoughtful, evocative, conceptual themes. A true MUST for every TAPP fan and a valuable piece of art for prog fans and comlex music enjoyers, my sincere 5 stars recommendation.
B00003CXCW|5.0|The plot may sound like a cliche, but the characters and their choices are very well developed.  There are perfect touches at every turn, from the scene of collection agents hounding William Holden while \\"Putting on The Ritz\\" plays in the background to the closing scene as Gloria Swanson descends the staricase down into the hell of the pack of wolves-reporters- \\"ready for my close-up, Mr. DeMille\\".  The old silent movie of herself that Gloria Swanson watches one evening is Queen Kelly, which the actor playing her butler had in fact directed, and which did not get released because (for among other reasons) sound had arrived in full force during its shooting.  Everything about this movie just works beautifully.
B000009ED0|5.0|This song is the official soundtrack to my freshman year in college (probably the best year of my life).  This whole CD reminds me of who I was at a certain time of my life (I think that's the greatest compliment to a CD).  This CD mysteriously disappeared and I had to rebuy it because it meant so much to me at a certain point of my life.  Not the best set of songs in the grand scheme of things but it brings back so many incredible memories (I'm feeling old and sentimental).
B00005JPLW|5.0|I absolutely couldn't wait to see this film. I've always been a fan of epic battle-type films, and this one sure doesn't disappoint. Yes, we know how it ends, but it doesn't matter. The effects could've carried this film, but surprisingly, the performances are just as exciting. Gerard Butler is outstanding. And the guys in this film made me want to hit the gym after seeing it.
B00003CXAA|2.0|Daring for its time in many ways, but hard (for me at least) to understand the real staying power or positive cultural contribution.  Lots of good bloodshed, though.
B000005RXH|4.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />Many to this day look at the 1974 Supertramp album \\"Crime Of The Century\\" as the debut.  The band had a history long before, that saw two other releases for A& M.  There was the self-titled LP from 1970 and \\"Indelibly Stamped.\\"<br /><br />If this is your first experience with the earlier period of the group it is imperative that you don't dismiss the second record if it doesn't wet the taste buds the first complete listen.  Please realize that the Supertramp sound which was solidified on the third album isn't in place here.  The ten tracks are incredibly diverse as to their composition.  In one regard it may seem all over the map but on the other it helped showcase a wide musical base and a young band representing itself well.<br /><br />\\"Your Poppa Don't Mind\\" may have been on the turntable of Loggins & Messina.  There 1972 hit \\"Your Mama Don't Dance\\" sounds very close in proximity!  Supertramp captures the American Folk-Rock sound of the day well on this track.  Obviously impressive not being from the states.  It makes for a solid opening track.  \\"Travelled\\"  can best be described as esoteric in nature.  It is a cross between the Moody Blues and the progressive band Caravan.  \\"Rosie Had Everything Planned\\" foreshadows things to come.  It is an upbeat rocker that gives a sample of the sound to come.  If \\"Rosie\\" was the prelude \\"Remember\\" is the real thing.  It could be Supertramp from 1974 on.  This is an important track because it can be seen in retrospective as the closest visit to \\"Crime Of The Century.\\"  \\"Forever\\" has a superlative vocal and a captivating sound.  Along with the first track it isn't difficult to gravitate to these.  \\"Potter\\" puts the rock in roll.  It is upbeat, with the musical portion being the star.  Some solid improvisation and yet the song clocks in a little over two minutes and thirty seconds!  \\"Coming To See You\\" puts the emphasis on the vocals.  It backs what was previously described, a band showing its musical muscles while they search for the perfect sound.  \\"Times Have Changed\\" can pass for an early Elton John track.  \\"Friend In Need\\" would be perfect if you were sitting around a camp fire with some friends.  It possesses the folk roots but also the inclusion of musical energy.  \\"Aries\\" ends the journey.  The blend here of the music and lyrical delivery is very tasty.  Make sure to check this one out a couple of times to fully appreciate the instrumentation.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"a little over two minutes and thirty seconds!  \\"Coming To See You\\" puts the emphasis on the vocals.  It backs what was previously described, a band showing its musical muscles while they search for the perfect sound.  \\"Times Have Changed\\" can pass for an early Elton John track.  \\"Friend In Need\\" would be perfect if you were sitting around a camp fire with some friends.  It possesses the folk roots but also the inclusion of musical energy.  \\"Aries\\" ends the journey.  The blend here of the music and lyrical delivery is very tasty.  Make sure to check this one out a couple of times to fully appreciate the instrumentation.    Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B00004SW9R|4.0|I only have a few Dr. John records, but this is my favorite of them by a long shot. It's also probably the weirdest record I own, so those looking for a traditional record better go elsewhere. It's got bits of New Orleans jazz, some R&B, and some stuff I can't even dream of classifying, such as my favorite Dr. John song, (I Walk on) Gilded Splinters. People talk a lot about extended epic songs that came out around this time: Stairway to Heaven, Free Bird, Won't Get Fooled Again, Light My Fire - and while I do enjoy all of those songs, I think this (and the Fairport Convention's Matty Groves, while I'm sticking up for under-appreciated musicians) deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as them.  It ain't your average song though, I can tell you that: really, it's more like an invocation to some evil voodoo demon. If you think I'm exaggerated, you obviously haven't heard the song: half of it is taken up by chants and Dr. John's seemingly improvised Spanish lyrics (which include the phrase \\"Padre Diablo\\", to give you an idea of what you're dealing with here). That bass clarinet melody is haunting and ghostly; and those deep, booming drums send chills down my spine each time. Oh, and the lyrics themselves are excellent: the whole song is 7:37 of genuinely frightening menace. I was about eight when I first heard it, and it scared me out of my wits. So even though I've got no clue what \\"Kon, kon, the kiddy kon kon\\" means, or even if that's the real lyric, I still love to chant along with it. Dr John the voodoo priest! That image also shows up on my #2 pick, Gris-Gris Gumbo Ya Ya, which takes the approach of Gilded Splinters and adds a folksy edge. There are actually some accessible songs here, but even those have strong New Orleans elements: Jump Sturdy is another great song, with its huge chorus, cool lyrics, and jangling mandolin; and I just love the laid-back Mama Roux. And the Gilded Splinters-like Croker Courtbulion is a  good... invocation, I guess you'd say, as well. Now I'm not a fan of the record's two \\"Danses\\" - both strike me as rather silly, especially compared to (I Walk on) Gilded Splinters (which is easily one of the 50 best songs I've heard). But I really like this album, and if you want to hear something weird I have to recommend it to you. If you know Dr. John for '70s hits like Right Place, Wrong Time; Such a Night or What Goes Around (Comes Around), or maybe for his take on Iko Iko, you're in for a real surprise with this one. It's dark, mysterious, intriguing, unique music.well. Now I'm not a fan of the record's two \\"Danses\\" - both strike me as rather silly, especially compared to (I Walk on) Gilded Splinters (which is easily one of the 50 best songs I've heard). But I really like this album, and if you want to hear something weird I have to recommend it to you. If you know Dr. John for '70s hits like Right Place, Wrong Time; Such a Night or What Goes Around (Comes Around), or maybe for his take on Iko Iko, you're in for a real surprise with this one. It's dark, mysterious, intriguing, unique music.
B0002XNSY0|5.0|I have to admit that when I first saw this, it didn't actually make me stop worrying and love the bomb.  However, almost everything about it is just perfect- from the gun battle in front of the Air Force's \\"Peace is our profession\\" sign to the Russian ambassador taking secret photos in the warroom after the end of the world to Dr. Strangelove's miraculous cure (when my 15 year old daughter recovered from her stroke, I had her rise from her wheelchair and say, \\"Mein Fuhrer, I can valk!\\").  Highly recommended as one of the greatest, if grimmest, comedies ever.
B000000W6R|4.0|Amazingly, this set of outtakes is about as good as Mellon Collie & the Infinite Sadness. What's up with that? Clearly someone forgot to tell Billy that outtakes are supposed to be massive dungheaps. And there are only two or three massive dungheaps on this album! And \\"Landslide\\" is not among them. Now, Fleetwood Mac sucks so bad they're off the suckotron 2008, but I love \\"Landslide\\". It's a fabulous song. In fact, it's the only song they ever put out that's not an absolute obnoxious marathon of pure crap. And this version's better than the original! Just Billy and his acoustic guitar, singing at his most emotional. I'm just glad he didn't decide to cover \\"Go Your Own Way\\" - if he did that, I'd be sticking my head in the toilet. I'd make sure it was flushed first though. There's another cover here, and that's \\"A Girl Named Sandoz\\", which rocks out. I like it! I only know one Animals song (\\"The House of the Rising Sun\\", of course!), so I don't know how this stacks up against the original, but I do know I like its feedback fun section. And the group also rocks out on \\"Pissant\\", which I will stand up and salute. Okay, not quite, but it's a good song. Oh, I like \\"Frail and Bedrazzled\\" too, because again they really rock on it. And some of the softer stuff is amazing too! \\"Soothe\\" is the best demo I've ever heard; \\"Whir\\" and \\"Obscured\\" are nice and melodic; even James Iha's \\"Blew Away\\" sounds good, even though the lyrics are just awful. Ignore them. And then ignore \\"Starla\\", which is so repetitive it practically wasn't written. So what does Billy do? He stretches it out to eleven minutes with all kinds of guitar wanking. So... *w00ts the least enthusiastic, most sarcastic w00t known to man*.  I mean, it starts off sounding decent, maybe it would've been, but after a while it's just, \\"okay, haven't we all got something better to do?\\" And a few other songs are bad too (\\"Blue\\"; \\"Hello Kitty Kat\\") - none of this stuff would've made it onto one of the group's studio albums, no way. Had they taken those three out it might've been their best! Who knows?  Oh, and the title has a certain ring to it, even if the two words have nothing to do with each other at all.o way. Had they taken those three out it might've been their best! Who knows?  Oh, and the title has a certain ring to it, even if the two words have nothing to do with each other at all.
B0006B2A2E|4.0|This movie explores the mysteries of memory and love- it's a lot of fun and leaves you with a lot to think about.
1596912855|1.0|I bought Austenland to read with my teenage daughter.  It sounded so promising! But the writing wasn't consistent and I felt that the references to male genitalia were in very poor taste.
B00007L4MJ|5.0|If you've seen this movie in prior versions and liked it, you owe it to yourself to see the version restored on this DVD.  The added footage really brings the social commentary out into three dimensions, even if it is a little melodramatic.  Kino as usual does a wonderful job with the DVD extras- lovingly prepared by movie lovers for movie lovers.
074356619X|5.0|I've listened to them twice and find them to be a life changing experience.  I sent a set to my son.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|I bought this with D40.  Since I take many photos of my kids indoors, I use this all the time.  This is layman's review.    Pros  - Low profile design.  - AA battery  - Fast recycle time with rechargeable battery  - Ease of use  - Case included    Cons  - The pin lock works fine but the switch is little loose on lock position.  - No additional accessories like bouncers/diffusers that fit this camera unless you make your own.
1878424602|5.0|I've listened to the tapes for years and love having a small handbook to refer to at any time.
B000QXDED6|2.0|Teach me to buy DVD without seeing it first.  It was visually interesting, but that was spoiled my murky transfer.  I really was eager for this to come out.  Yet things were so much style and no substances.  Way too much slow-motion.  Not enough plot.  So much attention to gore in the slow effect form, but they battle seemed over in a blink.  I expected something more like Helm's Deep or Braveheart, even Troy.      Just felt like why bother?  Rent it first, then decide.
B000003TA4|1.0|This album has to be the most overated album ever. there is literaly nothing at all good about this cd. lets see here the vocalist only screams like a woman and complains about his social life. the guitars are terrible kurt only plays 2 cords. count along with me ONE TWO! thats it. the bas is just as disgraceful as the guitars as well. the work on this album is very bad and it suffers from horible production. or is that just the music being that bad? i dont know why everyone adores this album it sucks worse than patriotic songs and smooth jazz. cobain dosent have a voice at all he just screams. now i can appreciate good screaming but the way he screams sounds like the screaming of a woman when she gets preganant!. Not to metion is guitar playing his awful this guy cant play guitar at all. rolling stone listed him at number 12 on there top 100 guitarists. that is a crime because this idiot was ranked below some true guitar masters jimmy page 9. kirk hamett 11. you have to be brain dead or completely oblivious to any form of muscianship to think nirvana are even slightly good. perhaps ive been spoiled by GOOD music. but i just thought this cd was laughable and an insult to good music of any kind. if youre looking for good music might i point you in the direction of these albums instead.   Metalica master of puppets  led zepplin physical grafiti  led zepplin iv  jimi hendrix are you experinced?  bob dylan blood on the tracks   quenn greatest hits   metalica black album  metalica ride the lightning  quenn a night at the opera
0800141601|4.0|I found this movie in Wal-Mart's $5.00 movie bin.  I just had to buy it.  I think that this is a good movie.
1932907009|5.0|It wasn't until I read \\"Save The Cat,\\" did I learn how to put a heart and soul in my scripts.   $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$    My name is Jim Anthony and I live in Denver.     Film schools out here teach you how to light a set and put film in a camera, and that's about it. Trying to find out how to write a script is useless unless you read books on the subject.    I've read over forty books on screenwriting in the past ten years.    It wasn't until I read \\"Save The Cat,\\" did I learn how to put a heart and soul in my scripts.     Blake Synder opened my eyes to the crucial beats of:    All is Lost and   Dark night of the Soul.     These beats hit at page 75-85. This is the transformation of the hero, which is why we go to the movies.  This is the heart and soul of a film script.     My new scripts are so much better since I learned these beats and how to use them.      I can't wait until the new book comes out,     \\"Save the Cat goes to the Movies.\\"     From what I've gathered, it's going to deal with Blake breaking down famous movies by their beats. I've listened to one of Blake's break down CD's he did with Gil Whiteley on the movie \\"Alien,\\" and I learned so much about timing and structure. I can't wait until I have the new book in my arsenal.      Thank you Blake Synder for teaching me these crucial points.    Jim Anthony   [[ASIN:1932907009 Save The Cat! The Last Book on Screenwriting You'll Ever Need]]
B000OYC7A8|5.0|5 years ago I felt compelled to write a review of \\"In The Flesh\\" by Roger Waters, there were several anti-Roger/pro David reviews written at the time.  It's sad that I have to do the same again, in reverse.    Brad King, it would be helpful if you had any idea what you were talking about.  As far as I can tell by the information provided, there are no \\"Roger Waters' songs\\" on this DVD.  There are Pink Floyd songs that Roger has co-writer credits, all of which David Gilmoue shared writing credit or songs David wrote himself, with the following exceptions:    Speak To Me (Mason)  Arnold Layne (Barrett)  Wearing The Inside Out (Wright/Moore)  The Great Gig In The Sky (Wright)    David wrote the songs, he played and sang on the original recordings. Roger performs several of the songs live as well. They both have every right to play them now and until the day they die.  So Brad, please make sure you have the facts before you go on another rambling binge.  It just makes you look silly.    That being said, I am really looking forward to this DVD being released, I'm sure it is a gem.
1594489505|5.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns was truly a wonderful and poetic reading experience. The author manages to capture the true essence of two women's lives that is surronded by destriction, death and pain but manages to find the beauty and love in their friendship admist so much chaos. It is so passionately written that the reader becomes a part of their world, seeing every face, every room, every minute detail. It was truly an amazing experience!
3551551677|5.0|For those who have read the Harry Potter books and who are also interested in learning German this book is a great tool. I have found it easier to learn new words when I already know what the plot is.   Diese Buch macht sehr viel spass!
1576754227|4.0|I think of all of Brian Tracy's books-- this is my favorite.<br /><br />I teach \\"day management\\" over time management.  So our opinions differ a bit on this.  Brian has you prioritize the things you must do each day-- eating the biggest ugliest frog first.  This is two fold.  It eliminates procrastination and dread.  I tell clients to do the thing they dread the most first.  Why spend the day dreading that awful phone call?  Anxiety builds and so does the discomfort.  We are saying the same thing different ways.<br /><br />Where we differ is that because I teach sales and self promotion-- you can find any frog uglier than your marketing responsibilities.  My clients create their marketing plan, with daily action items they commit to doing-- no matter the number of frogs out there.<br /><br />The energy over the visual of eating a frog is so emotional, it sticks.  That is what makes this such a great book.  I use the language with my clients, and I'll often hail an accomplishment accredited to \\"I just sat down and ate the frog\\".<br /><br />This book will change your attitude on procrastination.  I didn't believe it, because although most people tell me I do more than anyone they know-- I can dig my heels in as stubbornly as another.  But when I feel that wave coming on-- I just \\"eat the frog\\".
1596680199|1.0|I bought this book and am sending it back today. If I wanted to make copies of real beads, I would just buy the real beads. You don't save anything with the time you invest and all the supplies you need. It would actually be cheaper to buy the real beads. The shoe beads that were advertised \\"as in the book\\", are not in the book. And neither is anything else of interst. Make your own designs and get a life.
B00005JPQR|4.0|Loosely based on the late Robert Ludlum's novel--The Bourne Ultimatum (1990)--the film focuses on Jason Bourne's quest to ascertain the origins of identity prior to his life as a government \\"asset\\"/CIA agent.<br /><br />In the film, the vision of Director Paul Greengrass begins where The Bourne Supremacy (2004) movie left off and lets us follow Bourne (aka David Webb) across Europe (e.g., London, Paris, Madrid, and Tangier) and North America (e.g., New York City) in this fast paced, limited dialogue, action film.<br /><br />Lastly, with timely flashbacks and well placed back stories, The Bourne Ultimatum (2007) can stand alone even if viewers or movie patrons have not watched its predecessors: The Bourne Identity (2002) and The Bourne Supremacy (2004).
B00005JLWN|3.0|The movie was okay in itself, but for virtually the entire viewing I felt I was watching scenes that were re done from other movies.  I saw Metropolis, V is for Vendetta, The Matrix, Ultraviolet and Logan's Run to name some of them.  It wasn't a bad film, but there was nothing original in it and some of the \\"spectacular gun battles and fight scenes\\" described on the box were simply laughable in their execution. All in all, I would recommend watching it, but I question those who say they fell in love with this film or those that state this is the greatest film of all time. It was an hour and 47 minutes of fair entertainment.  Not great - not terrible.  Just a nice diversion.
B000PWQPAC|5.0|Thanks to the seller for quick shipping.  I just gave this to my son for his birthday.
B00005JO20|4.0|This film delivers what it is suppose to deliver:  FUN.  This isn't serious drama, this is cartoon type fun.  Jack Black was terrific as Carl Denham, Adrien Brody was okay as the hero and Naomi Watts was great as Ann, the beauty loved by the beast.  That said, the star of this film is the giant ape and a wonderful job they did bring the beast to life.   I did not care for the scene on the frozen pond in New York.  That really was dull and contrived, but the rest of the movie moved along well and it did not seem three hours long.  The supporting actors were also very good, including the cameraman, the captain and of course the male movie star.  Was it better than the original?  Well, I loved the original and I was prepared to be disapointed by a remake.  I was not however.  If only all remakes could live up to this standard.
B0000DZ3EN|5.0|This is a great movie.  I begins when Dorothy is back in Kansas and since she keeps talking about Oz, her Aunt and Uncle take her to a phychiatrist.  A great storm comes up and she escapes the asylum and finds herself back in Oz again.  It is a little darker side of Oz and it can scare little kids.  Recommend age 10 and up.  Not a cartoon.
B00004Z459|5.0|I must have listened to this cd a thousand times, too bad I misplaced it or I would listen still. One of the best of my collection.
0743289684|4.0|Her writing from start to finish, her truthful account of every aspect of her being, her personal journey into dymystifying and deprograming her past makes one think deeply about their own way of doing things. A remarkable account of a woman that has and is proving that there are no odds against you but your own desire to take the steps to fight for your truth regardless of religion, culture, enviroment and the like.    A must read especially for woman with ancient heritage/culture/religion.    SM  8-07
B000GUJYRE|4.0|I agree with the other positive reviews with one caveat: If like me you are cursed with sensitive ears and have a high end sound system, you may find that the SACD version hurts your ears. I own 4 other SACD discs and none of them hurt my ears, and the two that are recent recordings sound fantastic. Of course you can always play the Beethovens with a non SACD player, but if you want to experience SACD quality sound, you are taking a chance buying the complete set. If anyone else had this problem, please let me know.  george.purdy@uc.edu
B000SO7OMA|5.0|I have been a fan of Loreena's music and songs for many years. I was looking for such concert for a long time and my dream came true. Unfortunately I was not able to see her live performance.   But yesterday I received DVD and two CDs. It is the best DVD I have ever watched. Her music and voice are something beautiful. If you add Alhambra's mystical spirit the result is something amazing. This journey takes you to the wonderful world of music and you won't forget it. Music goes directly to your soul.  Believe me.
B0002858YS|5.0|I think Hot Fuss might quite possibly be the best album of the last decade.  EVERY song has a great hook.  Back when I used a CD changer in my office, this is the album that stayed in it month after month while all of the others around it were replaced.  Simply terrific.
B0000AQS6R|1.0|wow as I live and breath.<br /><br />stupid can be funny, but when stupid is stupid; really stupid, I dont see how its five stars.<br /><br />Truly.
055358894X|1.0|Some thoughts...<br /><br />The Pros:<br />As with most fantasy there were elements of magic, deceit, betrayals, unexpected friendships and a smattering of romance; and in this book, there were a few areas that were witty and humorous. The story proceeded with a good pace.  There was very little 'down time' in this story; something was always happening or about.<br /><br />The Cons:<br />1.) A story that had characters were so shallow and one dimensional that the book was difficult to finish.<br /><br />2.) Profanity!...profanity that was excessive and unnecessary (were talking about the 'f ' word here). Profanity that occurred in situations that, generally speaking, it was very unlikely to happen. e.g. When Locke was speaking to the members of the upper crust of the Camorr society; and even more unbelievable was that fact that these members of Camorr's nobility never said a thing about our hero's continuous vulgarisms.<br />Let me add this; I have no problems with swearing in novels when it is done in the 'proper' situation, (there are times where swearing adds realism to the situation (depending on who is speaking and what is going on at the moment). However, this novel exceeded even my level of 'reasonable' swearing tolerance. I find it hard to believe that one of the editors didn't get this problem discussed and corrected. (then again, maybe they did, but the suggestions went unheeded.)<br /><br />1 1/2 Stars.<br /><br />Ray Nicholson
1582701709|1.0|Ridiculous!!! Read this with a book club to see what all the hype was about.  All of us thought it was ridiculous.  It totally blames the victim in all situations.  It is based on magical thinking and false science:  magnetism - really!?!
0743297334|3.0|I was disappointed in \\"The Sun Also Rises\\".  Perhaps my expectations were too high or, perhaps, this is simply not one of Hemingway's greatest works.  Methinks the latter.<br /><br />The essence of the novel is the meanderings of a group of American expats living in France and travelling through there and Spain during the 1920s.  They seem to spend a lot of time eating and drinking but not much else.  They have been described as the lost generation.  I would rather describe them as lost.  Their eating and drinking seems interminable and the reader is left waiting for something to happen.  And it doesn't.<br /><br />It pains me to write this review as there is so much to love about Hemingway.  His Nobel Prize was warranted and his later works such as \\"The Old Man and the Sea'', \\"For Whom the Bell Tolls\\" and \\"A Farewell to Arms\\" are masterpieces.  Unfortunately, \\"The Sun Also Rises\\" does not compare well to these other works.  It's a shame, but avoid this work and your opinion of Hemingway will not be damaged.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|This is the edition that should have been released in December of 2005.  The video is beautiful, nice clean visuals and great color balance, audio is excellent as well.<br /><br />The shiny part of this release is the extras, things other regions saw back in 2005 and the US is only getting now.  The cast commentary is fun to listen to and there are wonderful insights into the making of the film.<br /><br />If you bought the 2005 release, this is one of those times where the double dip is worth the price.
B000L212HC|4.0|A darker plot, better acting, score, and direction places this film well above The Illusionist released at the same time. I love Edward Norton but Bale is becoming a favorite of Christopher Nolan(BATMAN BEGINS). He delivers a powerful performance along with one of Hugh Jackman's best efforts. A story of magicians who learned from the same Master but eventually part ways, only to try and outduel one another. Hugh is searching for the perfect act while Bale has found it. A murder mystery and you won't know what happens until the end. Powerful and mesmorizing at the same time. Oh yea, did I mention that the Blu Ray is picture perfect and in uncompressed 5.1 surround, the sound effects are worth the price alone. Director Nolan continues to deliver and it will keep you guessing until the end. The ending is right up there with Usual Suspects, Seven, and La Confidential. A must see despite uneven reviews!
B00005JPFH|2.0|Such a big let down after #2. To many villians, it should of just been Spider-Man vs. Sandman and Harry. I agree with most fans the black suit-Venom story needed its own movie.
B000O176Q6|4.0|I'm so glad this flick came out on Blu ray disc. The picture is better than ever and it's mixed in 5.1 surround. A masterpiece in it's own right, Bruce Lee delivers his most personal film. Loaded with bonus features(over 3.5 hours worth). This film deserves repeated viewings and the bonus material is actually worth watching. Well worth the price of admission!
0307387178|3.0|Several words come to mind when thinking of Chris McCandless, as reviewers on Amazon and others in Krakauer's book note: rash, impulsive, idealistic, individualistic, selfish, histrionic, foolhardy.  Indeed, the book had the trappings of apologia for the young man's destructive nature.  Contrary to many reviewers, though, I believe Krakauer gave a fair assessment of Chris.    Krakauer attempts to salvage the good name of Chris, primarily because he saw much of his subject's characteristics in himself as a young man.  The renunciation of a comfortable, secure environment for the aesthetic, ascetic, and the existential does not make sense to some.  However, Krakauer admits that these are the same attitudes on which countries capitalize to recruit men into battle.  In one of his more eloquent writings, Chris declares that nothing is more destructive to a man's adventurous spirit than a secure future.  Some who have always had security--a life without hardship--begin to look at it with contempt; it becomes something shameful.  Giving 25,000 dollars to OXFAM and feeding homeless on K Street was just as charitable as it was self-serving.  As is most philanthropy.  I admit character portrayal does border on romanticization, but ultimately Krakauer is more sober.  Understanding McCandless's flaws, Krakauer still manages to upon McCandless with empathy    But, all this is beside the point.  It would be unfair to attack or support a book solely on a personal judgment about the characters.  Let Chris be scorned, but I think Jon Krakauer told a good story, and attempted to fully understand the motivation, emotion, and conflict among his characters.  Krakauer's deviation from the plot to stories of other brash (even psychotic) adventurers and the author's own experiences does not take away from the text.  Even Melville interrupted what would be an excellent adventure story of conquest with encyclopedic entries.  Into the Wild is no Moby Dick, but Krakauer's literary decisions serve the same purpose; to reconcile the speaker's internal conflict, and to personally comprehend the enigma of human nature.  Krakauer tries to show us that the Chris's characteristic thirst for experience--even a bit of danger--are not idiosyncratic.  Rather, they are common to all mankind; latent in many (society inherently discourages wandering into the threatening unknown while encouraging the sanctuary of its uniformity).    The story of Chris McCandless serves as medium for contemplation of our will to live, our insatiable desire for risk, and the choices we make.  You don't have to agree with the decisions of the character to find fulfillment in understanding.  Overall, well-written.
B000V1Z8KK|5.0|So I had heard only good reviews but from sorta unreliable sources so I saved this one for my home viewing pleasure. I ended up loving it. The plot is simple, keeps you entertained, is a great guy movie while not having a lot of gory(but there is definitely somee)/dirty/sex filled scenes so your significant other won't dread watching it either. This won't be the best movie you ever have seen but for me it was money well spent.
B000005IU2|5.0|Fun House is a burned-down, beaten-up, drug-crazed slab of rock `n' roll apocalypse. It's a red-hot primal scream of an album, a tangled mass of mutilated blues and bloodstained proto punk. It's the discordant siren's song of four teenagers channeling a lifetime's worth of rage, frustration, and bitterness. Fun House is the cathartic howl of a group that's grown up on nothing but booze, unmarked-pills, bottomless lust, and self-denial. And really, isn't that what rock `n' roll is all about?    Basically, the Stooges second album is a masterpiece of raw, nerve-rattling rock. The record brims with grit and attitude, thanks to Ron Ashton's hotwired blues-punk guitar riffs and Iggy Stooge's cruel, insane, and explosive vocals. The group fuses blues, rock, and even free jazz (they were admitted fan of John Coltrane and Sun Ra) to create a collection of uncompromising, expressive songs. Iggy's lyrics deal with addiction, obsession, sexual frustration, and paranoia with a weirdly poetic flair, and the album's back-to-basics production gives it the immediacy and intimacy of a concert.     The songs really speak for themselves: \\"T.V. Eye\\" boasts some hypnotic rhythms, a spine-shredding guitar riff, and some mantra-like vocals, while \\"Dirt\\" is a heavy, apocalyptic monster. The title track is barn-burning jam session with a vocal performance that's both violent and sexual, while \\"1970\\" features some jackhammering guitar chords and a lyrical nod to Chuck Berry. \\"Down On The Street\\" is a head slamming bit of tight-wired blues-rock, and \\"Loose\\" is a roaring sex anthem. Sealing the package is \\"L.A. Blues,\\" a white-noise jam that is nothing less than pure sonic anarchy. Brilliant! Get this album if you wanna rock.
B000QUCNOK|1.0|This movie was so disgusting it was almost laughable. I got through about a third of the movie and I realized life is way too short to watch this obvious waste of talented actors. Someone was scraping the under side of the bottom of the barrel to come up with this olfactory train wreck.
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|The \\"Pride & Prejudice\\" score provides a beautiful, soft background for the film. The solo piano pieces are my favorite compositions, particularly the first track on the CD, \\"Dawn.\\" Overall, the music is light, relaxing and romantic. It's always a disappointment that most of the tracks on movie soundtracks are only a minute or two in length (or less), but that seems to be the trend with all film scores these days. Still, the \\"Pride & Prejudice\\" score successfully captures the romance and dreaminess of the film. It's a great CD to play in the background when you're curled up with a good book or are just in the mood to relax.
B000O176Q6|4.0|Although the movie is dated due to technology and the standard story, Bruce Li always makes the film fun to watch. The extras on the dvd make the blu-ray version worth the money. If you are a fan of Bruce Li you must get this dvd, and the picture quality is great for big screens.
031236198X|3.0|This penguin based fable is cute, quick to read, and conveys the steps and issues that are common to organizational change initiatives - but does it add anything to the knowledge base? Well, no! When I first saw the book's title, sub-title (Changing and Succeeding Under Any Conditions) and the lead author (Kotter) I was hoping for a strategic discussion on how to help an organization drive continuous change before the urgency becomes evident.  You know, Kotter on staying ahead of the curve - everybody's strategic iceberg really is melting these days. This was more than the authors intended to accomplish, even if the sub-title indicated otherwise. The book is recommended for organizations needing a discussion on the issues and steps involved in a change initiative.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|This movie is great for anyone - the office, schools, parties, and more! Al Gore does an awesome job of confronting the challanges we have ahead of us due to global warming. The movie is entertaining and educational.  I couldn't find the movie in any stores so Amazon is a good option.
B00009RDGA|5.0|This is a wonderful film. I just want to remind people that there was an excellent, though short-lived, TV series with the Tatum O'Neal role being played by Jodie Foster. I would love to have that released on DVD.
B000001FUZ|5.0|Traffic were one interesting band back in the early days.  In fact, their early 70's period (when they entered a jamming stage) was probably the most interesting.  So that makes John Barleycorn Must Die a perfectly enjoyable album.    \\"Glad\\" begins the album, and it's a 7-minute instrumental that goes through many shifts and changes for its entire time.  It's probably a familiar song to most people, even if they don't believe they've heard it before, they probably have.  I'm sure I've heard the opening section used in countless films over the years.  There's one part in particular somewhere near the 4-minute mark when the song turns into a melancholy piano jam, which is totally awesome.    \\"Freedom Rider\\" contains a nice vocal melody and some jazzy instruments.  A much different song compared to the opener.  These guys were really experimental back in the day, and weren't afraid to try different things.  \\"Empty Pages\\" was the big hit.  You HAVE heard this song before, somewhere in time.  It's one of those songs you won't recognize by looking at the title, but yes, you do in fact know the song, and know it well.  It's famous for having a really unusually upbeat chorus.      \\"Stranger to Himself\\" is a brilliantly created pop song.  I love it.  \\"John Barleycorn\\" agains shows Traffic's wonderful ability to experiment.  This is like some old fashioned folk song, but with early 70's rock magic to spice things up a bit.  \\"Every Mother's Son\\" features an Allman Brothers-like guitar intro, before progressing into keyboards and pianos and other things.  Great way to end a fantastic album.  A must buy.    Island is the name of the company that released this album, and while a lot of people are selling it for a cheap price, I was surprised how good the album sounded.  There's a lot of heavy bass, and it sounds really good.  Picking up this version wouldn't be a bad idea at all.
B000QXDED6|5.0|...and I emphasize target demographic.  I'll keep this review short and to the point - If you're a young to middle age adult male fascinated by the idea of a graphic novel-historical adaption blend filled with violence and sexuality, look no further.  If, however, you aren't comfortable with gore and your own sexuality, perhaps it's not the right choice.    The negative reviews are likely written by those who the film is not targeted to.  But take it from me, a 21-year-old male - this film is phenomenal.  300 is a visually stunning combination of Sin City and Gladiator.  Let your eyes feast on the graphical masterpiece alone and you'll be impressed.  Immerse yourself in the well-constructed tragedy woven within the film, and you'll be even happier.    If you think this film is for you, you'll love it.  Don't think it's up your alley?  Well, don't watch it, and spare us the negative comments.  After all, you won't see me offering my opinion when it comes to the latest Julia Roberts flick.
0151013047|4.0|This book is compelling on the 9/11 issue without being overbearing or preachy. In these times, that's a hard feat to pull off.    I liked the narration, and how the conceit of two men talking in a Lahore restaurant allowed Hamid to move from story to story, letting us know the events that shaped Changez's life. It's tough to describe how conflicted first generation immigrants feel when American actions cause strife in their homelands. But through Changez, Hamid shows the reader the many different motivations at play (Changez's family, his sense of alienation from American culture, the feeling of being an outsider). I am also from Pakistan, so the book resonated deeply with me. I've been in this country for almost 18 years. Even so, if Pakistan was to be attacked, I don't know that I could support the US. The conflicted feelings Changez experiences are likely more common than most would like to believe.    The narrative is well-paced and gives the reader little surprises at just the right moments. Particularly well done is the atmosphere of the Lahore tea shop. Hamid does a masterful job of conveying the lazy, but tense atmosphere present in many such places.    Finally, the story of Changez's love interest is a good bit of symbolism. Before 9/11, she's bubbly and joyous. After, she deteriorates and decays, unable to get over the problems of her past. In a lesser author's hand, this would have been heavy handed, but Hamid makes the depiction nuanced enough to make her a real character.    I am anxious to read Mr. Hamid's next book. Pakistan needs more authors like him.
0385341067|5.0|Emily Dickinson's famous lines \\"there is no frigate like a book to take us miles away\\" could not be more apropros of Lloyd Jones' magical MISTER PIP. Matilda, the narrator, is a black child entering puberty living in New Guinea when we first meet her. Her beloved father has left her and her mother to seek his fortune in Australia and try to, in the words of her mum, \\"turn into a white man.\\" Matilda becomes fascinated, as does the reader, with the only white man on her island, Mr. Watts (some days he wore a red clown's nose), nicknamed by the children of the village \\"Pop Eye.\\" His wife is a black woman named Grace whom he often pulls around on a trolley. When war breaks out and many people flee the settlement, Mr. Watts teaches the remaining island children. He reads aloud to his spellbound students Charles Dickens' GREAT EXPECTATIONS, which he describes as the greatest novel by the greatest English writer of the nineteenth century. Dickens' character Pip makes an indelible impression on the young Matilda and becomes much more real to her than dead relatives. Much of the conflict in this beautifully crafted story has to do with the tension between Mr. Watts, who does not believe in a god, and Matilda's mother Dolores, a devout believer in the Good Book. Matilda sees many parallels between her life and that of the fictional Pip. As an adult she remembers his confession,\\"it is a most miserable thing to feel ashamed of home\\" and thinks of her island. That passage and many others she sees as \\"personal touchstones.\\"<br /><br />Mr. Jones' narrative will hold you in its spell, and you will long remember Mr. Watts. Like many teachers, he is part charlatan, part magician, but also a kind and loving mentor. He is more alive than many of the people on the nightly news-- and certainly more decent-- and as real as William Styron's Sophie, John Updike's Rabbit or Thomas Hardy's Tess.<br /><br />MISTER PIP says wondrous things about the power of the imagination, the permanence of storytelling-- when the novel is lost, Mr. Watts and his students remember fragments from it and write them down-- kindness and courage. The author is a wizard with words, but he also lets his characters make profound statements about life as well. For example, the Jones' ocean shuffles up the beach and draws out; Matilda hears \\"the lazy flip-flop of the sea--so much louder at night than during the day\\" and Mr. Watts defines the word \\"opportunity\\" to his students: \\"'The window opens and the bird flies out.'\\" Matilda, from reading this one book of Dickens, finds out that \\"you can slip under the skin of another just as easily as your own, even when that skin is white and belongs to a boy alive in Dickens' England. Now, is that isn't an act of magic I don't know what is.\\" Another character muses on youth and age: \\"' Everyone was young in those days. That's the main complaint you hear from people who are getting old. You stop seeing young people. You begin to wonder if there are any left and whether there were only young people when you were young.'\\"<br /><br />When you finish this haunting and intense story, you very well may want to reread the Dickens' account of the young Pip and his journey to becoming a gentleman. I know I do.en the novel is lost, Mr. Watts and his students remember fragments from it and write them down-- kindness and courage. The author is a wizard with words, but he also lets his characters make profound statements about life as well. For example, the Jones' ocean shuffles up the beach and draws out; Matilda hears \\"the lazy flip-flop of the sea--so much louder at night than during the day\\" and Mr. Watts defines the word \\"opportunity\\" to his students: \\"'The window opens and the bird flies out.'\\" Matilda, from reading this one book of Dickens, finds out that \\"you can slip under the skin of another just as easily as your own, even when that skin is white and belongs to a boy alive in Dickens' England. Now, is that isn't an act of magic I don't know what is.\\" Another character muses on youth and age: \\"' Everyone was young in those days. That's the main complaint you hear from people who are getting old. You stop seeing young people. You begin to wonder if there are any left and whether there were only young people when you were young.'\\"    When you finish this haunting and intense story, you very well may want to reread the Dickens' account of the young Pip and his journey to becoming a gentleman. I know I do.
032147404X|2.0|I read the reviews before I purchased this book and chose to ignore the negative things that were said because I was excited about how he said it was written like we were on a shoot together.  I finished the book in one day and felt that all I learned was that Scott really likes to use a tripod.  I can't use a tripod because I shoot weddings, children, etc. and if you take the time to set a tripod and move it around 500 times you miss the shot.  It was apparent that his talent is not in people photography but in nature.  If you want to understand how to make your photos professional read \\"Understanding Exposure\\".  Scott just wants you to use photoshop instead of getting it right when you take the photo and doesn't help you learn how to figure out what settings to use in different situations. He does go over some but not the ones I need- you can't always have that perfect overcast outdoor wedding, in fact, it is rare. I would not recommend this book to anyone.
1416523359|1.0|*Spoilers ahead* I have to admit, I didn't like King's Rose Madder\\", either. So in hindsight, my dislike of Lisey's Story\\" will not come as a surprise, because - let's face it - \\"Lisey's Story\\" is \\"Rose Madder\\"s twin sister: Lonely woman is harassed by abusive, insane man; lonely woman is able to travel to a parallel world that is inhabited by a monster; lonely woman brings insane man to parallel world to be disposed of by monster. C'mon, has it really come to this? Does the great (yeah, I still think he is great) Stephen King have to resort to copying his own stories?  As if this wasn't bad enough, \\"Rose Madder\\" at least had a plot that kind of made sense and offered somewhat believable characters. Whereas \\"Lisey\\"s plot resembles a ball of garn - after your cat played with it: It's a tangled up, confusing mess. Lisey's \\"bool hunt\\" (kind of a paper chase) - the \\"spine\\" of the storey - doesn't really make much sense - neither its \\"stations\\", nor its sequence, nor its resolution. The book's characters remain pale and implausible - worst of them Scott, Lisey's husband and big love: Does \\"husband Scott\\" even remotely resemble a human being that went through a childhood as traumatic as \\"child Scott\\"s? In the course of the book, Scott then turns into an omniscient guardian angel that foresees every twist and turn not only of Lisey's behaviour, but those of her adversary's as well. Please... In the end, the novel turns out to be the literary equivalent of a souffl: It looks big, but there's little substance. To many meandering, illogical and superfluous scenes, to many pointless jumps between timelines, to much self-indulgent wordplay (a habit King recently can't seem to get rid of) - but all the fluff cannot make up for the lack of a decent, somewhat logical, let alone original plot. I'm sorry to say this read was painfully bad.
1594489505|4.0|No, it's not as orignial as Kite Runner which is amazing, but almost as hard to put down.  I didn't read any reviews before I read the book, but I thought after I finished that Hosseini has done more than anyone to help people understand what it's like to have lived and to live in Afghanistan.  I didn't find the book to be pro-west or anti-muslim--or anti-west or pro-muslim.  It's a story that was inserted into the times and the history of that country.
6305388458|5.0|My favorite scene has to be the Latin lesson. Cleese and the rest of the gang put in a gem of a performance, although it's sometimes a bit distracting with each one playing several people.
B000001DQG|5.0|The first song THE ***** IS BACK is an excellent rock song is excellent guitar riffs, drums, bass guitar, THE TOWER OF POWER horn section, and female singers.  Pinky is an excellent ballad with the acoustic guitar, piano, synthesizer, and harmony vocals by the band.  GRIMSBY is another rock song with guitar and piano riffs, drums, and harmony vocals.  DIXIE LILY is an excellent (I do not know how to describe its rhythm) railroad  song with the ccoo choo train in the background.  SOLAR PRESTIGE A GAMMON is not my favorite song on this album.  YOU'RE SO STATIC kicks the album back into overdrive with the piano, guitar and bass guitar riffs, drums and THE TOWER OF POWER HORN section.  The next song I'VE SEEN THE SAUCERS is the highlight of the orginal release.  The pace of this song with the harmony vocals, drums, bass guitar, piano, synth, and guitar riffs is really cool.  STINKER that also features the HAMMOND ORGEN by TOWER OF POWER'S CHESTER THOMPSOM (I wonder if this is the same guy that joined GENESIS as their drummer) and their horn section is an excellent rhythm and blues songs.  DON'T LET THE SUN GO DOWN ON ME is a good ballad with features TONI TENILLE and several BEACH BOYS members on backing vocals.  TICKING is an excellent solo piano ballad; however ELTON JOHN should have let his band sing the harmony vocals.  Now for the bonus tracks.  PINBALL WIZARD has become my favorite song on this remastered edition.  This song sounds so much better any of THE WHO'S version.  I love ELTON JOHN'S singing and piano playing throughout the song, along with DAVEY'S guitar playing, NIGEL'S drum playing, DEE'S bass guitar playing, and new comer RAY COOPER'S congo playing (also throughout the album which I forgot to mention).   I used to wonder if he rerecorded this song with THE WHO or his own band.  PETE TOWNSHEND should have played the acoustic guitar on this song.  SICK CITY is and excellent rock song with excellent guitar and piano riffs, harmony vocals, drums and bassguitar.  COLD MOUNTAIN HIGHWAY is an excellent song has excellent organ riffs throughout the song, but I don't like the way it changes its pace.  And last but not least is the holiday classic, STEP INTO CHRISTMAS.  This album is a must have for all ELTON JOHN fans, especially those who want the CHRISTMAS hit to their holiday collection.  I also love the way they restored the liner notes for all their albums.  PS, Anybody can *****, ELTON JOHN.
B0009K7QZ8|1.0|I don't even know where to begin to describe how crappy this show is. It's about a bunch of rich and spoiled kids running around with their problems and creating even more drama ahead of them. This is just like Laguna Beach, except this is not reality TV. All they do is lounge around each others pool, drink and argue who should date who and who dumped who. BORING AND POINTLESS.
1594200823|5.0|This book is excellent!  The author provides information in a logical, interesting and sometimes amusing manner.   One cannot help but wonder about the quality of the food we consume.
B000002HAJ|4.0|Firstly I like this album a slight bit more than Disintegration. They, of course, are somewhat different in tone, but I think it has more to do with nostalgia than anything else. Wish came out during my heady young twenties, just out of college, when I had that perfect combination of youth, whatever looks God gave me, and enough folding money to make the most of it. This disc rarely left my CD player in my Silver Nissan 240SX. Those were the days. Now it's all White Mini Vans, Diaper Bags, and Dora the Explorer DVD's. Great in it's own right, but one does have a habit of looking back to the primordial days of promise when the future was wide open. And the Soundtrack of that time can take you right back instantly.    Meanwhile Disintegration I got into sometime after its release so didn't seem to be quite as topical - my own fault of course, but there it is.    Wish seemed to be ideal for revving up for a date, bouncy and poppy in many places. Of course if the date didn't go well, there were the meloncholy songs for the drive home, alone. Disintegration was more for the slump periods of \\"woe is me, no will ever love me\\" days. Yet they both worked together seamlessly as one period transitioned into another and back again.    Friday I'm in Love, again, was perfect for those first or second dates. The song almost seemed to be written just for that purpose, work week was done and the drive for love (or lust) kicked in, then the return to the grey work week. Wendy Time and High were good tracks too. But if things didn't work out, Cut, End, or, for a particularly intriguing femme fatale, To Wish Impossible Things, were there.    In my book the last great Cure album. Wild Mood Swings in particular seemed to try too hard. Bloodflowers never caught on for me. Perhaps it was the fact that the days of leisure were over and the time to fully absorb an album were gone. I don't know. But Wish came along at just the right time and is one of those CD's that can take me back 15 yearswith a push of button.
B000022TSH|5.0|I love film noir movies. Chinatown is set in Los Angeles in the 30s, and features a great cast including Jack Nicholson and Faye Dunaway. It earned spot 20 on the AFI top list.    There's a great plot here, with twists and weaves. It all comes down to water - that resource that all of life depends on. People are willing to kill and sacrifice others in order to get their hands on it. The dialogue is snappy and offers many layers.    I realize completely why the movie is #20 on the list - but I have to admit that I always compare it in my mind to Casablanca, which is #2 on the list. So where some people say this has the best dialogue, acting, etc. of all time, I have to say Casablanca would come in first for me. Still, this movie isn't that far off.
0142000663|5.0|An incredible tale of the aftermath of the Great Depression coupled with factory farming.<br /><br />Definitely in the top quarter of books I've read, my only complaint was in the ending - I'm not saying it should be different, it fits the story very well, but darn it I wanted to see a little more happiness in the end for a family that had struggled so.<br /><br />One of the top American novels ever.
B0000DJZ8R|5.0|We all know the Depression was awful. There were people starving, families collapsing. It's hard to really get a sense of just how powerful it was, though. John Steinbeck's articles and books on the topic led to this award winning (AFI #21) movie by John Ford. What's ironic is that some people felt the movie was too extremist about the conditions - but research has shown that it actually was tame compared to situations that really went on.    We begin with a family in Oklahoma who is literally kicked out of their home, with nowhere to go. Flyers are being passed around about a ton of work being available in California. So they pile their entire household of goods and head out. Unfortunately, so does pretty much every starving person - and California is innundated with workers. The Okies are treated poorly, given dirt poor wages and run out of town.    It's amazing that the books are banned in schools - especially in the midwest! I definitely recommend watching this movie as an important history lesson about what our ancestors struggled through - and a reminder not to let this happen again. Once you get started with the movie, pick up the books to get an even more full story.
B000RZIGYU|5.0|Face/Off is a great movie and will be great on HDDVD. Thank you Paramount for supporting the best high definition format!
B000005YZM|4.0|I bought this album on vinyl after hearing \\"Time of the Season\\" on \\"Rock Machine Turns You On\\" - probably the best \\"sampler album\\" ever released. When I was a lad, I used to buy Mono albums in preference to that new fangled Stereo stuff - how I regret that now :-)     Anyway, just before buying this album, I had purchased a stereo amp - but could not afford speakers - so I only had headphones. Thus, imagine my surprise - I played the first side of this album - Mono. Then, turned over - and - glorious Stereo! This is an affect that no-one today will probably experience. However, if you program the re-release CD, you can experience this effect as well. I wish I could hear that vinyl again - but alas - I lost it long ago.    As to the music, I do not need to repeat the superlatives - some tracks like \\"Brief Candles\\" are excellent - and others are best forgotten. Nevertheless, like \\"Butterfly\\" from The Hollies, this album is one that should never be forgotten.
B000RZIGZ4|5.0|Top Gun is a great movie and will be fantastic on HDDVD. Thanks Paramount for supporting the best format for High Definition!
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|This movie has a great storyline, characters, actors, potential.  A great compliment along with the tv show.  It was way too short-lived, they gotta give in eventually and release more content!
B0002IVN9W|5.0|I rarely give a 5 star review to an album. Actuallly only 8 others have been granted such a rating (The Beatles-Abby Road, Bob Dylan-Bloodon the tracks, Radiohead-OK Computer, Van Morrison-Astral Weeks, Rolling Stones-exile On Main St., Television-Marquee Moon, Bruce springsteen-Born to run, Talking Heads-Remain In Light).    Musically it's fantastic, but what truely makes this the best is not just the amazing lyrics, but the power behind the band that's delivering them.    I've seen this band 3 times in concert, and everytime has been a life changing experience.     Most memorable track \\"Rebelian Lies\\"
630469654X|5.0|The plot is explained well in other reviews, but I would like to make a personal comment on this movie.<br /><br />Ladyhawke has been a favorite movie of mine for many, many years. A friend and I caught it by chance in 1985 at a theatre where we had seen everything else before and I was hooked immediately!! Through the years since then, I found myself continually trying to get other people to see it, but it was only in 2004 that I was able to make a copy of it on VHS to show to friends that also came to enjoy the film.<br /><br />When I first saw the rave comments listed in this review column, I finally felt vindicated for calling it one of my favorite movies all these years. I'm so excited  that there are other people who not only feel the way I do, but are putting the word out for others to check out Ladyhawke. I don't think anyone who does will be disappointed!!!!
B00000634J|3.0|But eventually you will need to buy his albums if you want to really experience Lennon. This compilation just doesn't quite do justice. One thing that I was disappointed about is that the Sometime in New York album was completely left off.
B000000H57|5.0|Words just cannot describe how much I love Type O Negative and the music they make. These guys are truly one of the best gothic metal bands in my book. Whever I feel like losing myself into a different world with a dark, brooding, yet great beautiful atmosphere, this is definately my band of choice. I really got into Type O Negative when I picked up their 1996 effort \\"October Rust\\" which is a fantastic follow up to their 1993 breakthrough masterpiece \\"Bloody Kisses\\" (an incredible album BTW), and I quickly fell in love with it. This album just brings tears to my eyes whenever I listen to it.<br /><br />Everything about \\"October Rust\\" is just excellent. I mean the songwriting on here is just amazing, the lyrics are full of pain, loss, death, obsession, despair, depression, and dare I say love as well. The musicianship is just amazing as well. Frontman Peter Steele's vocals are dare I say absolutely heartfelt and downright amazing. His singing voice is very deep yet melodic at the same time. There is no doubt that he is one of my favorite vocalists of all time. The guitarwork by Kenny Hickey is dark, slow, sludgy, brooding, and adds a great feel to the band's sound. Josh Silver's keyboardwork is very atmospheric yet beautiful sounding, and of course drummer Johnny Kelly (his first album with TON) keeps his beats at a slow yet very steady pace.<br /><br />The albums starts off with the band pulling off a little joke and before you know it, we're immediately thrusted into the real opening song \\"Love You To Death\\" which features great piano in the background as well as some dark brooding riffs, spectacular keyboard effects, and wonderful vocals from Peter. This is without question the best song on the album as well as my favorite. Another one of my favorites \\"Be My Druidess\\" features a nice groovy drum beat, while \\"Green Man\\" has some beautiful accoustic strings at the beginning as well as some touching lyrics dealing with nature and human conditions through the seasons. Other favorites on here include a nice catchy cover of Neil Young's \\"Cinnaman Girl\\" \\"In Praise of Bacchus\\" \\"Red Water (Christmas Mourning)\\" (this one's a real tearjerker), \\"My Girlfriend's Girlfriend\\", \\"Wolf Moon\\", \\"Die With Me\\", and \\"Haunted\\". Please read on for my song ratings.<br />Jeremy's song ratings:<br />1. Bad Ground - N/A<br />2. N/A<br />3. Love You To Death - 10/5 Best song on here and my favorite<br />4. Be My Druidess - 5/5<br />5. Green Man - 5/5<br />6. Red Water (Christmas Mourning) - 5/5<br />7. My Girlfriend's Girlfriend - 5/5<br />8. Die With Me - 5/5<br />9. Burnt Flowers Fallen - 5/5<br />10. In Praise of Bacchus - 5/5<br />11. Cinnamin Girl - 5/5<br />12. The Glorious Revolution of the People's Technocratic Republic of Vinnland by the Combined Forces of the the United Territories of Europa - N/A<br />13. Wolf Moon - 5/5<br />14. Haunted - 5/5<br />15. N/A<br /><br />The bottom line is this: If you're a fan of Type O Negative, gothic metal, heavy metal, or if you're just a fan of good music in general, then by all means you must own this album. This my friends is pure gothic metal greatness.<br /><br />LONG LIVE TYPE O NEGATIVE!!s on here include a nice catchy cover of Neil Young's \\"Cinnaman Girl\\" \\"In Praise of Bacchus\\" \\"Red Water (Christmas Mourning)\\" (this one's a real tearjerker), \\"My Girlfriend's Girlfriend\\", \\"Wolf Moon\\", \\"Die With Me\\", and \\"Haunted\\". Please read on for my song ratings.  Jeremy's song ratings:  1. Bad Ground - N/A  2. N/A  3. Love You To Death - 10/5 Best song on here and my favorite  4. Be My Druidess - 5/5  5. Green Man - 5/5  6. Red Water (Christmas Mourning) - 5/5  7. My Girlfriend's Girlfriend - 5/5  8. Die With Me - 5/5  9. Burnt Flowers Fallen - 5/5  10. In Praise of Bacchus - 5/5  11. Cinnamin Girl - 5/5  12. The Glorious Revolution of the People's Technocratic Republic of Vinnland by the Combined Forces of the the United Territories of Europa - N/A  13. Wolf Moon - 5/5  14. Haunted - 5/5  15. N/A    The bottom line is this: If you're a fan of Type O Negative, gothic metal, heavy metal, or if you're just a fan of good music in general, then by all means you must own this album. This my friends is pure gothic metal greatness.    LONG LIVE TYPE O NEGATIVE!!
B000OYC7A8|5.0|I have been anxiously waiting for the release of this DVD for nearly a year (since I first learned there would BE a DVD). It was well worth the wait!     Although several tracks (Shine On You Crazy Diamond, Comfortably Numb to name a few) appear on other Floyd/Gilmour DVD's, they are new and re-worked each time he plays them and the versions here are amazing (SOYCD with Crosby and Nash is fantastic; CN with Bowie gives Roger Waters' parts a new life). Also, the version of Time on this DVD is my favorite version of all.     A song I never cared much for- Fat Old Sun- has new life here. As the song seems to be fading, Gilmour begins a guitar solo that is one of my faorite moments on the DVD.     The 3 part harmony of Gilmour, Crosby and Nash on their song Find The Cost Of Freedom is brief but beautiful.    The highlight of the DVD is Echoes in it's entirety (over 23 minutes!)! Long a favorite song from Floyd, I thought I would neer see it live. I had the joy of seeing it in person as well as having it on DVD now! This is probably the best version available.    The enire album On An Island is played and the songs are even better live than they are on the studio album.     Disk two contains seeral more tracks that didn't fit on disk one, including Wearing the Inside Out, in which the female chorus of the original album is sung by the men of the band with surprisingly good results. There is also a magnificent documentary of the tour that presents a band that likes each other having the time of their life. This tour was no job, but rather feels like a working vacation. There are other features as welll and at least one worthwhile surprise (Easter Egg). I highly recommend this DVD.  I have watched it repeatedly and am not in the slightest tired of it.    The only negative thing is the lighting is at times so bright it washes out the performers. This I think is actually intentional on the part of the director (the same could be said of Pink Floyds' Pulse DVD). A minor complaint and with so much thought and care obiously put into the making of this DVD, a very small thing indeed.
B000A7DVR2|4.0|Easily one of the strangest movies I have ever seen, but oddly a title that I felt I needed to own. When I finally added it to my collection, I couldnt figure out why. This is a movie that should be watched by all. Even if you dont like it, you can still say you have seen it and tell your friends just how strange of a movie it really is.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|The new special features are all great; I don't think that anyone ever doubted they would be.    What I am always curious about when buying a special edition, however, is the new packaging. Taxi Driver came out last week with a great new collectors edition featuring a very nice, slim set with the perfect photos. The newest LOTR DVD's were all really sleek as well.    The art for the Serenity Collectors Edition is great, but the packaging is a little bulky. I think that this is my only complaint, really. The DVD trays are much thicker than needed. It seems that Universal could have slimmed down case - they certainly wouldn't have to lose or crop any of the artwork.    Getting to that - behind the paper sheet that displays the bonus info, on the \\"real\\" back cover of the set, is a great cast photo. It's basically the picture where you see the cast in the desert (which was, I think, the international poster for the film). It has been modified to include The Operative.     Under the clear disc trays are photos of the cast. The actual discs just say \\"Serenity\\" and look look a like from somewhere out in space.    The coolest thing is that there is a clear piece of plastic on the front that has the photo of River, as well as the word \\"Serenity\\". When you open up the case, you are left seeing the picture of Mal and the ship.    Overall, the material is a lot better than the previous release. Besides the bulkiness, this is a much better edition. On second thought - I suppose it'll be nice to have such a big case for Serenity on my shelf, to draw attention to it... Hmm...
0613174674|5.0|There are so many subjects worthy of discussion to be found in \\"The Reader\\".  The first part of this story tells of a sexual awakening for 15-year-old Michael when he becomes involved with an older woman.  The relationship deepens as Michael begins reading to her after each encounter and she encourages him to focus on his studies. Then suddenly and mysteriously, she disappears.  In the second half, Michael is now a law student, and he happens to sit in on a trial, involving none other than his ex-lover.  It seems she's had a secret - she worked in a Nazi concentration camp.  Oh yes, and she's illiterate too.  The rest of the book deals with Michael grappling with this new-found knowledge.  He struggles with his ever-changing feelings regarding his country and how the war changed the people he knows in his life.  Beautifully-written.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|This movie is a great must own. I will not go into detail on the movie itself as im sure most have seen it already but it is definitely demo material. This hd dvd version also has extra exclusive features which are easily worth the additional $5 over the bluray version.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer is one of the most perfect albums of all times and also is the highwater mark of Radiohead's career. While taking cues from postpunk such as Joy Division, Gary Numan and even Kraftwerk, Radiohead is grounded in the more mainstream arena friendly sounds of U2 and Pink Floyd's \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\". However, acheiving mainstream success does not \\"OK Computer\\" less of an album but in fact adds to it, bringing themes of alienation, anomie and disconnection to the mainstream pop world. The videos on \\"7 Television Commercials\\" flesh out the music and is a good companion piece to it. This captures the heyday of post punk and new wave while creating a brand new sound that is utterly unique. One pictures the mall in \\"Dawn of the Dead\\" but instead of zombies, the people are souless automatons, going about their business without any emotions, somehow programmed to live this life without knowing why. Though admittedly I did not appreciate it as much when it was first released, in listening to it now I can see why \\"OK Computer\\" has and will survive the test of time as an essential album.
B000ROALE4|4.0|I thought I could not get used to the faster, more in-your-face singing of Tom Araya. In almost punk-like rhythm, Araya lays down lyrics that clearly state the subject. Nothing is abstract. This is what I like.   However, punk may be an overstatement as the singing is more melodic in Catatonic and Consfearacy - two of my favorites.   Overall, it took a few listens to realize the intensity of Christ Illusion.  But it proved worthwhile to sit through some less favorable songs as they each presented unique qualities. Christ Illusion seems to speak the minds of those looking outside at the complicated world of religion.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|Who knew she could write as well as sing. Clive Davis has created a bad vibe around this phenomenal record... I can't believe he killed a project that could have made him money just because a hugely talented girl from Texas wouldn't take his advice. He wants everyone to write this off as a flop. Kelly has guts and a moral code. She's not hawking McDonalds to the obese kids of America (yes Beyonce, I am talking to you), she's trying to find her way as an artist and My December is a HUGE showcase of what she is going to be.  Unlike Breakaway, this is not glossy rock/pop. It is simply rock/pop. It is such a huge step forward for her and I am so happy she had the guts to do it.    1. NEVER AGAIN- I was really disappointed when I first heard this. Now, I listen to it once a day. It is such a venomous, bitter honest song with a thundering chorus and massive instrumentation. Her performance of this on AI must have sold it to me. I could see then it wasn't faux-rock, Ashlee Simpson stylee but it really was as bitter as the lyrics are.    2. ONE MINUTE- Doesn't sound out of place following Never Again, but doesn't really fit with the rest of the album. It's such a catchy song and could definitely have been a huge hit. It's like a lost single from Breakaway. It's doing great in Australia and would do well in other areas if her label gave her any support instead of publicly saying they don't like her album.    3. HOLE- Hated this when I first heard it, but love it now. It's a proper rock song, and even though the lyrics are completely despairing it's still very powerful. \\"There's a hole/inside of me/it's so cold/slowly killing me\\"... but she will prevail!    4. SOBER- Wow, wow, wow, wow. Amazing structure and lyrics. An absolute classic song. In years to come this song is why My December will be dredged up and given more recognition. People have said this song is \\"worthy and pretentious\\". It's not. The lyrics are sublime. I have seen some silly reviews referring to the fact that she's not an alcoholic(!). Sober to me, applies to any poison you have sucked out of your life and kept out! \\"Three months/ And I'm still sober/picked all my weeds/But kept the flowers\\". It's AMAZING.    5. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME- It's fun, it's catchy, it's the middle ground between Breakaway and My December. Possible single.    6. BE STILL- One of the dreamiest ballads I have ever heard. The music is trance like and her voice when she sings \\"Just lay/In my arms/For a while/And Be Still\\" will give you chills. Beautiful vocals, and such gorgeous lyrics.    7. JUDAS- Very personal song. I like it a lot, but on an album of songs I adore it is not one of my favourites. My least favourite on the album. \\"I didn't know, I didn't know/ I couldn't see, I couldn't see\\". Love the lyrics though. Very simple and honest.    8. HAUNTED- Very dark song, almost despairing. The production is awesome, really created an almost terrifying atmosphere. Her voice is AMAZING on this. AMazing, amazing, amazing.    9. MAYBE- Definitely one of my favourites. \\"I don't wanna be tough/And I don't wanna be proud/And I don't need to be fixed/And I certainly don't need to be found/I'm not lost/I just need to be loved/I just want to be loved\\"... The most powerful section of a song I can recall ever hearing. It is like she is singing her pain to you. When she sings \\"I'm not lost\\", she sounds like she is drowning in an abyss, completely lost.    10. HOW I FEEL- This song is just FUN! A lot of people said this song would save the album in America... I think it's more of an amazing album track, I just don't see it as a single. I love it though. It is not depressing at all! Everyone thinks this is a depressing album but it's not! It's just powerful... this is neither, it's just fun pop.    11. YEAH- Found this annoying when I first heard it, but it is so sing-along! It's great just to bop your head and sing \\"Let me know/Let me know!\\". Very different, quite bluesy. Excellent. Not depressing either    12. CAN I HAVE A KISS- Sexy, confident. Funny that in an album of her most vulnerable honest songs, this song appears, and it is soooo sexy.    13. IRVINE- Where did this come from? Who would have thought the girl singing It's Raining Men on American Idol could have come up with something like this. AMazing. It is almost suicidal, despairing. Shows how versatile her voice is, this can not fail to move. Just wow.    14. CHIVAS- Kooky, fun, shows a playful side to her... It is also excellent.      Kelly has made an AMAZING album.   FAVE SONGS: Sober, Irvine, Be Still, Maybe  LEAST FAVOURITE: Judas
0061142026|5.0|This is a most delightful book. I loved the setting and the characters are very interesting, especially the Lords of Stormhold. I hope Gaiman writes more about the town of Wall and the lovely inhabitants of Fairy.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|I saw that movie two times in a german cinema and i think it can't be made better. David Lynch is a great director and only he can made this kind of experimantal art. He is an studied painter and this movie show us all his dreamfully visions of terror and suspense like in all his pictures. Great work!  This Special Edition DVD comprised a brilliant and excellent picture + sound quality and many more features like trailers, stills and deleted scenes. Anybody whosoever likes David Lynch and his films need this movie, because  it's a masterpiece in film history. No one will forget the first time they saw the Inland Empire movie, from the best director in the world, David Lynch. :-) Buy!!!
1594200823|5.0|Get this book.  There are some things you should just be aware of, and the effects of the modern food industry on our country should be near the top of the list.  This is a topic that has profound economic, political and personal consequences.  Know what you're eating, and where it's coming from.  This knowledge, expanded through word of mouth and books such as this invigorating work by Michael Pollan, will hopefully curb the monopoly that corn production has over the whole of our country and the world.
B00005JLWN|3.0|Equilibrium is a movie that portrays a world where human emotion is forbidden. Society is vaccinated with serums to suppress and control human feeling. When one militaristic elite misses his required dose he discovers the beauty of human emotion. Armed by his emotions he decides to destroy the \\"Big Brother\\" system he once protected.<br />The overall concept of the movie sounds interesting; however, the lines and overall story plot were shallow. The characters in the movie lacked depth. It seemed like the director just wanted to focus on the fighting scenes rather than showing any meaningful dialogue between the characters.<br />The fighting sequences were pretty amazing though. They were artistic and compared to most action movies very unique.<br />The movie was not as amazing as I expected but at the same time not a complete disappointment.
0143038419|5.0|I am an avid reader, but this summer I was struggling with books.  I couldn't find one I could finish (except Harry Potter of course).  I saw this book on the bestseller list and it intrigued me.  I happened to be in the library one day and brought it home.  It is so beautiful and spiritual.  Gilbert writes candidly and openly about her life experiences in such a way that grabbed me from the first page. Her beliefs about religion and God are so eloquently explained, Chapter 70 especially resonated with me.  I can't get enough of this book. I believe I have been waiting my whole life to read a book like this.  I know it sounds silly, but I identified with Gilbert's struggles so much.  I could go on forever!  Bravo Liz!
B000NA28I4|1.0|Having read both \\"Eragon\\" and \\"Eldest\\", I was expecting this movie to be in the line of a \\"Lord of the Rings\\" trilogy. What an injustice to the book and the story of Eragon and Saphira! So much was unexplained, left un-attended too, or completely skipped. All of the characters were completely undeveloped. I could completely careless about any of them - even the main characters! I could barely sit to finish the movie!  What a grave injustice to Mr. Paolini's work!  I will continue to read the books, but I will completely skip any other movie that is made in relation to them. Hopefully 20 years from now someone like a Peter Jackson (Director of Lord of the Rings movies) will come along and remake the movie as it should have been made the first time around!
B000OCXMAE|5.0|Minutes to Midnight is a different cd from hybrid theory, reanimation, & meteora but its still one of the best. All the songs on the cd are powerful and meaningful. They tackle personal and global issues. Not that many bands will talk about how screwed up our government is. I saw the band live and everyone knew every song from their new and old albums. They have evolved into a band that not only speaks about their own issues but has the courage to say what everyone is thinking. So I don't know what you guys are talking about that this cd is garbage. This cd is the s*%&!!
B0002ZMITY|5.0|This movie was too funny. It took me a long time to get up enough desire to watch it because it just looked so stupid. But I am glad I did. I can't get enough of it now. I watch portions of it almost everyday. This is what I imagined Vanilla Ice to be like in his heyday.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|Yes, well, I suppose everyone is entitled to an opinion, blah blah blah, (at least we can't legally prohibit them, yet) but not everyone can aspire to a valid and/or valuable opinion. Of course, I'm only kidding, but then again am I? When one person (i.e., me) becomes attached, quite emotionally, to a piece of art, namely David Lynch's INLAND EMPIRE, contrarian opinions are thereafter dismissed as irrelevant and just plain wrong. Such is the inherent fascism of human opinion, or at least of mine.    As you may have heard, this film is not -- what's the euphemism? -- \\"plot-centered.\\" This inevitably leads some opinion-wielders to label it as self-indulgent and (the customary adjective for \\"arty\\" or \\"challenging\\" films) pretentious. (It's almost knee-jerk: I did not understand it; therefore it must be pretentious. It's always the film's \\"fault\\" and never the viewer's, in other words.) But on the other hand, NOT every film needs to be a right-brain experience. Maybe INLAND EMPIRE doesn't need to be understood in a literal sense (a Plot-Point-A to Plot-Point-B sense) but only intuited. Do we have to be enslaved by logocentrism? And, if so, don't we deserve a three-hour vacation once in a while?    And -- fault the film as you may -- I think Laura Dern's performance/s in this film is/are beyond reproach within the parameters of what was expected of her. She gives certainly a whole heck of a lot more than your average Academy Award nominated actress... Let's see what Halle Barry or Charlize Theron can do in a scene opposite Grace Zabriskie (Visitor #1) spouting ominous nonsense, or likewise how convincingly Dame Judi Dench can vomit blood. Obviously, Laura Dern's role is a meaty one, and she delivers, much like Naomi Watts in MULHOLLAND DRIVE, Sheryl Lee in FIRE WALK WITH ME, and, well... herself in WILD AT HEART.    If you're here, you've probably read all of the attempted synopses of this film, and they're pretty much correct. The film is essentially about some sort ofidentity crisis. (It reminds me in some ways both of Bergman's PERSONA and -- even more so -- of Kieslowski's THE DOUBLE LIFE OF VERONIQUE. So if you like those films, you may -- and I repeat may -- like this one, and vice versa.) Laura Dern plays an actress who gets a role in an allegedly cursed Hollywood production of what amounts to a Southern domestic melodrama with a ridiculous name (which escapes me now). Somehow reality and fiction intersect and kablooey: You're at the epicenter of a Lynchian nightmare. That's all you really need to know. If you need, want, or expect a more thoroughgoing, literal understanding of the plot, then please avoid this film. Otherwise, sit back and take it in. It is a film better felt than thought.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|If \\"Inland Empire\\" is not David Lynch's best work, it is certainly his most fascinating.  More than any of his other films, \\"Inland Empire\\" is the culmination of everything Lynch has done, tried to do, said, and tried to say, throughout his entire career.  It is vastly different from any of his other works, but is the very definition of \\"Lynchian.\\"  No film has ever explained what Lynch is all about so perfectly as this.  It is his greatest experiment into surreality, his most complicated work, and perhaps also his most rewarding.  It requires repeated viewings, and many of them, but not to understand.  Simply to experience, like looking at the world's most bafflingly intricate impressionist painting.  \\"Inland Empire\\" is undeniable proof that, more than a filmmaker, David Lynch is an artist.    Trying to explain \\"Inland Empire\\" is like trying to explain existence.  As Lynch's deepest foray into the surreal, there is no clear plot of any sort.  One of the strongest points that Lynch has emphasized with his films is that the cinema was invented as an art form, not simply as a storytelling device.  There is a story, perhaps numerous stories, hidden within \\"Inland Empire,\\" and many ideas as well, but anyone searching for a linear plotline will be left thoroughly flummoxed.  Story lines include an actor and actress who are pushed into an affair by various forces, and who are also working upon a remake of a \\"cursed\\" film; a Polish town where women are being abused; a woman who sits by her television set, crying, as she watches a sitcom about a family of rabbits, where the laugh track pops up at the most absurd moments; and two apparent mobsters scheming something.  The film is structured like most of Lynch's films: the first part is the mystery, the second part the dream, and the third part, the revelations and the descent into the nightmare.    When questioned as to what the film was about, David Lynch said that \\"it's about a woman in trouble, and it's a mystery, and that's all I want to say about it.\\"  Furthermore, Lynch offers a clue to the film in the form of a quote from the translation of the Aitareya Upanishad: \\"We are like the spider.  We weave our life and then move along in it.  We are like the dreamer who dreams and then lives in the dream.  This is true for the entire universe.\\"    What that means, I'm not sure.  Lynch says he understands the film perfectly, and no doubt he does, but I feel that the key to accepting the movie is in something Lynch always says about each one of his films: he will never explain the film, because what matters is what each film means to you, the viewer.  As much as I can decipher from \\"Inland Empire\\" is that it's about two men whose lives parallel each other, and that they have both cheated on their lovers and must now face the consequences.  \\"There are consequences to one's actions,\\" characters repeat.  That is simply my interpretation of it, however, and it still leaves unaccounted many of the images which make up the film.  The film has much in common with Lynch's last masterwork, 2001's \\"Mulholland Dr.,\\" and perhaps, like Naomi Watts' character in that film, \\"Inland Empire\\" involves the two unfaithful women's retreat into their fantasies and nightmares, brought on by their guilt.      The meaning is not nearly as important as the filmmaking, which ranks Lynch among the likes of Alfred Hitchcock.  \\"Inland Empire\\" is nothing if not the work of a brilliant visionary.  Lynch is a man to be idolized by any filmmaker with a dream: for \\"Inland Empire,\\" Lynch didn't even bother to search for a distributor.  He funded much of the project out of his own pocket.  He decided to experiment by filming it with everyday digital video cameras rather than the traditional film equipment, adding frightening realism to the picture, as well as a major artistic twist.  Filmed on the standard film stock, \\"Inland Empire\\" would be more instantly recognizable as a work of brilliance, but the amateurish look of thedigital video footage makes this as unique an experiment as any attempted in recent cinematic history.  Lynch is an artist, with a dream, a vision, and he pursues that vision without regard to what the other filmmakers are doing or have done before him.    He is an extraodinarily talented individual.  The entire cast of the film has said that they have no clue just what is going on in the picture; but Lynch's direction wrings out such compelling, convincing performances in a film that would seemingly leave anyone clueless.  Laura Dern is just stupendous.  This is easily and undoubtedly the best performance of her career by far.  Supporting her with similarly excellent and mysterious performances are Justin Theroux, Jeremy Irons, Harry Dean Stanton, Peter J. Lucas, and Julia Ormond, with brief appearances by Diane Ladd, Ian Abercrombie, William H. Macy, Grace Zabriskie, Laura Harring, and Naomi Watts, who voices the speaking member of the Rabbit family.    As with most of Lynch's films, though, the power lies within the visuals, and \\"Inland Empire\\" has some of the most spectacular visuals in any Lynch production.  Lynch manages to make the film look lush and sparse at the same time.  It contains all the trademark Lynchian images: the red curtains; the long, tall, lamp which casts an eerie and stale orange glow around small, barely-decorated rooms; the dark, ghastly corridors - it's all here, and more important than ever.  Lynch is deeply involved with everything, from the construction of sets to the ever-so-prominent sound design.  With ominously-staged visuals, frighteningly enigmatic dialogue and scenes, and the most downright terrifying sound in any Lynch production, \\"Inland Empire\\" is easily his scariest film.  He sets the audience up, building the suspense ounce-by-ounce with such masterful style that he comes to rival Hitchcock.  The most delightfully absurd and spontaneous moment in \\"Inland Empire\\": as usual, Lynch sets us up for pure terror, the dialogue becoming more twisted, the visuals darker, more claustrophobic, the inhuman sounds growing louder and louder, but just as we brace ourselves, the characters align themselves and begin some well-choreographed dancing to \\"The Locomotion.\\"    What is the appeal of David Lynch's work?  Is he truly a genius, or as some have said, just a trashy director with a lot of pretention?  In my mind, Lynch is an unquestionable genius, and he ranks among the most original, visionary, and brilliant filmmakers who ever lived.  There is something about the absurdity, the confusion, the unorthodox approach taken in Lynch's work that really touches something inside of us, something which we can no understand and which frightens us.  After watching \\"Inland Empire\\" for the first time, and trying to organize my thoughts, the most peculiar knowledge came to me: I understood what the film was about.  I could understand the entire thing.  However, I couldn't grasp my understanding, put it in terms simple enough for me to explain to another person.  But I understood.  There is something in Lynch's films far more intellectual and meaningful than anything else in cinematic history, thinly concealed within dozens of thick layers which only repeated viewings can reveal.  I feel as though Lynch has a greater idea of what life is all about than any of us, and he explains it through his films.  There is much more to be said and which I could say about this film - but for the first time, I understand.  As Lynch says, his films speak for themselves.  And \\"Inland Empire\\" speaks loudest of all.
B000009EAD|2.0|Maybe it's just that I can't appreciate heavy metal.  I love some other more melodic metal bands like Kamelot and Sonata Arctica.  However, I think these guys are seriously lacking.  They have fairly good intros but everything is very repetitive.  As soon as the singer comes in, he kills whatever melody might have been in the song.  I must ask, is it really that hard to cross metal with melody and good singing?  Apparently.  By all means, though, if you like static, un-melodic, this could be for you.    The other really annoying thing is the constant switch-off between ballad and heavy.  The singer sings half decently in the ballads (but not at all during the heavy) but the ballads are all fairly lame (they definitely would not hold up two seconds next to Kamelot's ballads).  The lyrics are just painful.  I listened to them for about two seconds and was kind of like, \\"Is this really the best you can come up with?\\"
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I can't imagine who has not seen Friends but if they are new to you - you won't be disappointed. They each are different in their own way and provide for you reason to relate to them. Some days in my life I feel more like Rachel, other days I am SO Monica- and my friends would say I'm fun and carefree like Phoebe! I would say my husband is wild and sexy like Joey, smart like Ross and Hilarious like Chandler. See? How could someone not like Friends? They are there for you on a calm Friday night to make you laugh, or to cheer you up on a stressful Monday!<br /><br />This kit is cute, fits right into your bookshelf and blends in with a modern style. Each booklet has clear - clean images for each 'Friend' and gives captions of their character. Each character booklet has a season/little over a season within it. GREAT collectors item!
0131103628|5.0|I've been writing professional C code for over 3 years and coding in C for much longer and I think this is a must have for all C programmers. Love the writing style... love the mode of teaching... everything.
0156027321|4.0|It took a while to get in to this story, if I hadn't read the preface I probably would have given up or put it down for a while.  Really glad I did continue as I wasn't expecting the ending.
B00000GAIW|5.0|Some may disagree, but I believe \\"Aqualung\\" is Jethro Tull's masterpiece.  It is hard to believe that a mere year after releasing the classic \\"Benefit\\" album, they could follow it up with this brilliant piece of work.  Although misconstrued by many at the time as being a concept album, it really isn't, although it does contain a lot of songs with a pro-God, anti-church theme.  It was certainly the most cerebral album ever to reach millions of rock fans.<br /><br />Mixing hard rock with folk melodies with Ian Anderson's dour musings about faith and religion (mostly how organized religion has hampered man's relationship with God) it was quite a profound record at the time.<br />The album is heavily ladened with riff-heavy classics such as \\"Aqualung\\", \\"Locomotive Breath\\", \\"Hymn #43\\", and \\"Cross-Eyed Mary\\".  Lead guitarist Martin Barre's solo on the title track is still considered one of the all-time greatest in rock music.<br /><br />I was 18 when I purchased this album in 1971 and it still remains one of the most treasured albums in my collection and one I never tire of even to this day.  Man, 1970 and 1971, may have been the greatest 2 years in rock music history.  I cannot recall any other 2 years (before or since) when so many truly \\"classic\\" albums came out, including this one.<br />My only disappointed is that they have never issed a Remastered CD of this album, as they did with their first three albums.  I understand it is due to the fact that they have had trouble finding a master tape.<br /><br />In my opinion, this is the last great album Jethro Tull did.  They did some fairly good albums after this, but never anything that approached the greatness of \\"Aqualung\\".<br /><br />This is a must CD for Tull fans.  Hopefully, they will eventually issue a Remastered CD.
B00005R2IS|5.0|Right off the bat, I want everyone who reads this review to know that Mad Max Special Edition contains the original Australian language track.<br />I was mislead by another review, it said that MGM's Mad Max Special Edition didn't have the original track, but the old discontinued Orion version of Mad Max did. Well, that was false information, because after all the time, effort, and money it took to track down that elusive version, it turned out to only play in the US Dubbed English Language track! So disregard the information in that review and buy this one.<br /><br />PROS: Plays in both Fullscreen and Widescreen!<br />In addition to the US Dub, this DVD contains the option to switch the Language track to the original Australian track!<br />Contains 2 Documentaries, \\"Mel Gibson: The birth of a Superstar\\" & \\"Mad Max: The Film Phenommenon!\\"<br />Theatrical Trailers.<br />Audio comentary with Jon Dowding, David Eggby, Chris Murray, & Tim Ridge.<br />\\"Road Rants\\" Movie Trivia & Fun facts about the movie!<br />Photo Gallery<br />TV Spots<br />And More!<br /><br />CONS??? Well... Since the DVD is double sided, it's harder to hold it without smudging it, I guess that's a con...?<br /><br />Overall: Mad Max is an excellent movie that's fun to watch, easy to follow, easy to appreciate, and exciting to boot! Combine that with the original Australian language and a whole lot of special features, and all you have to ask yourself is, \\"Do I want my popcorn buttered, salted, or both?<br /><br />Overall Rating: 5 Stars!
B00005NTJK|5.0|With their third studio album, \\"Benefit\\", Jethro Tull continued to improve upon their previous work.  After purchasing their first 2 albums, I remember how eagerly I awaited their next album.  Then one day while hanging out with some friends listening to a local FM station, the song \\"Teacher\\" was introduced as a new cut from their latest release \\"Benefit\\".  The song, of course, is fantastic and immediately became an instant favorite.  Much to my surprise, once I purchased the album, I discovered it was magnificent and \\"Teacher\\" was just one of many tremendous songs.  My personal favorites include \\"With You There to Help Me\\", \\"Alive and Well and Living In\\", \\"To Cry You a Song\\", \\"A Time For Everything?\\", \\"Play in TIme\\", \\"Singing All Day\\" and, of course, \\"Teacher\\".<br />This is truly a rock classic and a must CD for any Tull fan.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|This holiday classic just gets funnier every year. Full of classic lines & great sight gags along with one of Chevy Chase's funniest performances this has become a Christmas standard. The many hilarious scenes include Clark W.Griswold JR. stapling Christmas lights to his roof(and himself) and Clark blousing err browsing while shopping. The scene where Clark goes sledding always gets lots of laughs(it's classic Chevy Chase)! The music is good too as many Christmas favorites old & new fill the great soundtrack. This is simply a very funny Christmas comedy for those looking to laugh around the holiday season.
B00005NTJM|3.0|I will never forget the first time I heard this album, when I was in high school.  I was at a friend's house listening to music when he pulled this album out and said it was the first album by this new band which his older brother had just purchased.  As soon as I heard \\"My Sunday Feeling\\", I knew this was going to be something special.  It was like nothing I had ever heard before, with the flute playing such a prominent role in the music.  Other favorites include \\"Beggar's Farm\\", \\"It's Breaking Me Up\\" and \\"A Song For Jeffrey\\".  Although essentially a blues-rock album, it still managed to touch on different styles.  The songs and the musicianship are absolutely superb.  I immediately became a Tull fan and purchased the original vinyl record just as soon as I was able to and eagerly awaited their next album.<br />If I had rated this album at that time, I certainly would have given it more than 3 stars.  But, there are a few songs I don't care for, plus I already know what was to come, as their albums got progressively better.  Still, the songs I mentioned make this CD well worth the purchase price and a must for any Jethro Tull fan.  \\"My Sunday Feeling\\" is still one of my all-time favorite Tull songs.
0618871713|5.0|I just want to say, I had never read Alison Bechdel before I read a review of this book in Bitch Magazine.  I picked it up and am now a huge fan of hers.  This book is incredibly well thought-out and I think that many people will see their own story reflected in hers in that, as a child (as a human for that matter), you see your parents as end-all, be-all, endlessly fascinating human beings...almost as if they were Adam and Eve...It's such a strange paradox in that they existed for a long time before you did, they they do or don't take care of you, that no matter what the status, everyone has parents...you pore over seeminly innocuous details of their lives searching for some \\"truth\\", you compare them favorably and unfavorably to other people's parents...you put together pieces of the puzzle for yourself where there is no information...but at the end of the day, they are just people who make mistakes, no more, no less.  This story is mainly about a daughter's fascination with her father and his life/secrets, an attempt to get to the root of a completely tragic experience and a reconciliation with herself and her own grief and (misplaced) guilt.    I met Alison at the NYC Comic Con and she was pretty fascinating herself.  This book has been a obvious victory for her as well as a labor of love and a harrowing journey. Once I finished this book, I bought the DTWOF books and was bowled over.  It's a twenty year long soap opera with aging characters, intricate story lines, whip-smart commentary on social, governmental and civil rights issues, and funny too boot.
B000QQFKYE|4.0|After flying 8 hrs over the Atlantic with no sleep...reading a book<br />non-stop...I take another flight, and then a train.  Nearly 12 hrs<br />later, i key into my hotel room and sleep for about 4 hrs.<br /><br />I wake up and look at the watch.  It says 6:30, but I have no clue AM<br />or PM.  I take a guess.  I decide i don't care, but I'm not that tired<br />anymore.  I pop the dvd in my laptop.  I realize it is 178 minutes<br />long, but what the hell else am i going to do?<br /><br />The movie's just completely f#*&%d, like most lynch films.  His films just keep getting more and more f#*T&#(*&d.  Things he did really well like film noir and mysterious characters or sub-plots that never got explained have evolved now into basic, simple-but-interesting narratives that start normal and then devolve into complete chaos that embraces the absurd and unexplained.<br /><br />The last 3 of films are like that (this, Mulholland Drive, Lost Highway), but this one is the crown jewel.  Perhaps the key was seeing it in some semi-delirious state after jetlag.  Either way, I put on some noise cancellation headphones...killed all the lights and watched the thing on my laptop (ironically, on the DVD-extra Lynch works himself into a frenzy at the thought of someone watching film on a \\"computer\\" or a \\"phone\\".)<br /><br />Several scenes just scared the s#(*#&%(*&t out of me from both perspectives<br />(audio/video).  I found myself pausing the movie, and taking a short<br />walk around the bed to lift the blind and peer into the<br />street...ground myself in reality....which was still odd being in a<br />foreign country in a hotel with very little sleep.<br /><br />The scene where a Laura-Dern-like \\"person\\" runs up a garden trail in slow-motion until...well, if you've seen the film, you know the scene.  I re-wound it.  After I changed my pants, etc.<br /><br />In the DVD extra, Lynch comments that Kubrick picked very good music.  This is true.  The soundtrack to the Shining is just brilliant.  Penderecki, of course, was a key component to that.  So Lynch got Penderecki for Inland Empire, and it is...overwhelmingly good.  You really do cheat yourself if you don't hear this movie, so much as see it.  The Penderecki pieces create a really intense environment.  As much as I always liked Angelo Badalamenti, etc...<br /><br />I plowed through about half the film, but could not stay awake.  I had<br />totally bizarre dreams.  When i woke up, i plowed through the rest.<br /><br />When it was over...I did not think that much of it.  I guess the<br />interesting thing is that the film continues to sort of linger with me.  If<br />you bring up Inland Empire now, my mind flashes through a very<br />complicated, weird, surreal universe.  It has a funny effect.<br /><br />In the end, you just have to watch and appreciate it yourself (or not).<br />It is a film that has a powerful effect like \\"A\\" the first time; then you<br />realize it is worth seeing perhaps again.  I cannot speak for the effect \\"B\\" or \\"C\\" that one may experience after multiple viewings.  I do know that I will likely watch it several times.  I look forward to that.
B000HBK3MM|5.0|I liked this CD the first time I heard it.  Vocals were light, I tend to like a more earthy sound but thought her music fresh. I enjoyed her first track \\"Like a star\\".  I would get another of her CD's. Hope to hear more from Ms. Rae.
B000OZ2CZW|3.0|I'm not really a Rihanna fan. I absolutely hated the songs they played on the radio from her other albums. But \\"Umbrella\\" is one of my favorite songs out right now so I bought the album. It was pretty much what I expected...There are 3 MAYBE 4 songs I like and the rest I skip over.
B000F3AAUW|5.0|This is one of the most interesting R&B albums I've listened to in a long time. It's not your typical \\"freak you\\" jams but instead, it's a lot darker and deeper than that. Some people might be turned off by that but I consider it a very positive quality. Great album.
B000H5V8DG|5.0|Without a doubt the show that should have been so much bigger then it was. Non-Stop actions filled with insane, mind bending twists at the end of almost every episode makes you never want to turn your DVD off.    I bought the Artifact box after watching the first seven episodes of the series and knew that I was going to want to watch the entire story unfold. Many people smash the show for the lack of a \\"superstar\\" actor, but they coulnd't be more wrong.    Jennifer Garder (who is now a family name) makes her first major apperance as Sydney Bristow, a woman who is led to believe she is working for the CIA. Ron Rifkin and David Anders provide the main antagonists of the show and provide emmy award type performances in almost every episode.    24 style action with Lost style twists, Alias is everything an Action-Adventure / Drama lover could ever ask for. If you like the shows I list below, Alias is for you...    Lost  24  Prison Break
B000RZGIQ8|1.0|If you haven't heard the reason why this won't be released it's this:Without going into a huge amount of detail,Microsoft paid Paramount/Dreamworks 150 million dollars to go HD-DVD exclusive with absolutely no support for Blu-ray in the near future even though BD is outselling HD-DVD 2 to 1.That now means that any Paramount Blu-rays that are listed for pre-order on Amazon are now null...So basically Paramount is in Bill Gates pocket right now and will remain there for at least the next 18 months.Well,all I can say is that Paramount has lost a customer in me and my guess is that they will regret their decision eventually in lost profits and since many are very critical of their short-sightedness including Michael Bay and Steven Speilberg (who now won't let Paramount release any of his films in HD-DVD)....So thanks again Paramount.
6304076517|1.0|Once upon a time, Peter Greenaway was considered a serious artist. 1991's Prospero's Books ended that. To understand this, let's remember that in the 1960s and 1970s, Greenaway became known for some witty, short films playing with several of his obsessions, like counting, classification, sexuality, etc. He graduated to feature length films in the 1980s: after the (unwatchable) The Falls, he made a series of fine, intelligent, cerebral (if sometimes hard to take) art movies: The Draughtsman's Contract, A Zed and Two Noughts, The Belly of an Architect, Drowning by Numbers. These four movies, made back to back, are his best in a 40-plus year career. Then, in 1989, came The Cook, The Thief, his Wife and Her Lover, his most successful film so far, and a truly success de scandal, with his brilliant but often shocking images. After The Cook, everyone called him a genius, and he might have believed those accolades, since right after that he made one of the most self-indulgent (and unwatchable) films ever made: Prospero's Books. An adaptation (for lack of a better word) of Shakespeare's The Tempest, made at the request of its star, the octogenarian John Gielgud (who have played the part of Prospero on stage, and had unsuccessfully asked a number of prominent directors to bring the play with him to the screen), this film is truly terrible: shot entirely on a soundstage, is a parade of naked people, awful use of digital imagery (which has rapidly look obsolete with the passage of time), and poor old Gielgud speaking all the parts (!). The movie looks as the filming of a Shakespeare play as made by an idiot savant, except that this idiot doesn't even look here to be very savant. Not surprisingly, few people liked Prospero's Books. After this fiasco, Greenaway has continued making movies, as well as exhibitions for museums, but with the exception of The Pillow Book, almost no one has watched them, or care for them.
075640407X|5.0|I picked up The Name of the Wind just on a whim.  I could not put it down!  I am eagerly awaiting to hear more about Kvothe.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|Wow...what a phenomenal album!  This album, which is the soundtrack to Nikki Sixx's book The Heroin Diaries, is hands down the best piece of work ever put out by the artist.  The music, even without the lyrics, paint such a vivid picture that it takes you right where Nikki was during that part of his life.  Not many albums can present that in the way that this album does.    If you're looking for an intelligent album that portrays the darkest times of the man known as Nikki Sixx, pick up this album.  You'll be taken away in the brilliance of this story that comes to life through the music.       Kudos to James Michael and D.J. Ashba who lend their musical tallent to this project.  They really bring this project to life.
0743298020|5.0|I was given this book by a friend who suggested it would be a great read. As an avid reader I was hooked from the beginning. The characters were well developed and attractive. I loved the descriptive scenery and the ending has an unexpected twist. Anyone who love mysteries, romance and literature will find this book well worth their time.
0156027321|5.0|What's with all these people complaining about how this book didn't help them find God? The narrator/author character does not claim that the story will make you believe in God; he just says that some stranger told him to find Pi who tell the author a story that would make him believe. The story Pi tells the author is amazing, but that does not mean that he told the author this story in the same way as he did to the stranger, or that the stranger even heard the story from Pi himself. Plus, the stranger, the author, and you the reader are all coming from different places when you hear the story and so it won't have the same effect on all of you.    Most importantly, the stranger did not do any background research on the story, while the narrator/author character did. I don't want to give anything away, but if you actually finished the book you will understand why the story doesn't make you believe in God.
B00004RF97|5.0|THE PHILADELPHIA STORY is the kind of screwball comedy that other screwball comedies aspire to be, though, rarely succeed.  For starters, there is a tour de force cast made up of some of the most accomplished and well respected actors in the industry, who surged in popularity during the era that the film was released (Cary Grant, Katherine Hepburn, Jimmy Stewart).  Secondly, nothing is left unexamined in the story, which takes an honest look at the events leading up to the wedding day for the lead character, Tracy Lord (Hepburn) a spoiled socialite, who promptly threw her ex-husband out of the her home (Grant)--literally!  Yet, it's the next occurance right afterwards that became one of the most well-recognized scenes from Katherine Hepburn's film repertoire.  Grant's character promptly marches up to Tracy Lord and pushes her down, face first!<br />What's more, the reporter hot on the trail of Lord is falling in love with her.<br /><br />This film is brilliant, funny and incomparable.  What's more, time has been very kind to it and it doesn't seem dated at all.  It'll leave you laughing.
0735619670|5.0|It is quite rare that one of those books comes along that is about as close to perfect as possible, but this one definitely fits!  I think that anyone who programs at all should be REQUIRED to read this book.  I cannot even begin to describe how much my coding skills improved by applying what I learned in Code Complete.  Steve McConnell's writing style is extremely effective and easy to follow, and he gives countless real-world examples to illustrate his points.  The world really needs more software books like this one.... heck, any book like this one.  I'd give it 10 stars if I could.
B0006Z2KX4|5.0|Though, this film initially wasn't a blockbuster hit when it was first released, BRINGING UP BABY is now well-respected as one of the best films from Howard Hawks' directorial repertoire.  Katharine Hepburn is wonderful as the irresistable heiress and Cary Grant charms us in his role as a paleontologist (scientist specializing in the study of dinosaurs) hot on the trail for a missing bone in a dinosaur he is reconstructing. Low and behold, the young heiress' dog has taken possession of the bone and promptly buried it.  What's more, she has a baby leopard, Baby, who is anything but gentle.<br /><br />This screwball comedy is a riot.  It's great to see Cary Grant in an understated role, for a change!  At the crux of it, his character is mild-mannered and unassuming, and also happens to have some very hard luck in his life.  Will fate bring him closer to the woman he is supposed to be with?  And no, it might not be who he even envisioned in a million years.  But, there you have it.  Fate often works out that way.  And, more importantly, will he uncover the whereabouts of the bone?  Be sure to see this.  You won't be sorry.
B00005JLKB|5.0|At first glance, this show may seem easy to dismiss as another teenage soap, which is what I thought when it first came on the air...then one day as an afterthought, I purchased a few seasons at a store which was practically giving them away and they sat on my shelf for months unviewed...then during the summer show hiatus, I begrudgingly took them out and from the first episode I was hooked....the creators have taken a comicbook legend and have given it a fresh, exciting spin....the stories are imaginative and engaging and the characters are perfect in portraying their roles....this is by far, one of the BEST super hero stories ever written! Tom Welling is wonderfully cast as the teenage Clark Kent, an innocent, handsome, somewhat shy and clumsy youth with an infectious personality....popular and fiercely loyal to his friends and adoptive parents, Jonathan and martha Kent ( quite aptly played by John Schneider of Dukes of hazzard fame and Annette O'Toole). Filled with affection and effectively played out plotlines the story covers the weird effects the meteor storm has had on the Kansas township of Smallville and the array of strange powers endowed to many who's lives have been genetically altered by a substance in the meteor called Kryptonite....the early season deals with Clark's attempts to fit in as a normal teen with superhuman powers that he's only learning he has....special effects are phenomenal for a TV show and make it fun to watch. Filling out the cast areKristen Kreuk as tthe beautiful love interest Lana Lang, Clark's rich and powerful friend Lex Luthor (well played by Michael Rosenbaum), Allison Mack as the friend/Nancy Drew-like reporter, Chloe Sullivan and Sam Jones III as Clark's best friend, Pete Ross.The show is filled with great sci-fi weirdness and storylines to rivil Buffy, but this show stands alone as an excellent predicessor to the hit, Heroes....if you like Heroes and have not given this show a try...what are you waiting for??? It is definitely worth your time!! A++++++++
B000OQF6N6|4.0|Okay, Ive made the old mistake when we talk about Smashing Pumpkins... SP are not something trivial, as usual...  I should listen more times...    1.Doomsday Clock- Energy. 9/10   2.7 Shades Of Black- Wow!!! 10/10   3.Bleeding The Orchid- Fantastic. 10/10   4.That's The Way (My Love Is)- Good. 7/10   5.Tarantula- Amazing!!! 10/10   6.Starz- Noisy. 6/10   7.United States- Horrible. 1/10   8.Neverlost- Melody. 9/10   9.Bring The Light- Jimmy. 9/10   10.(Come On) Let's Go!- So so. 6/10   11.For God And Country- Art. 10/10   12.Pomp And Circumstances- Beautiful. 8/10
B0000C9ZSV|5.0|What a great surprise.  The sound is excellent and well mixed. Jimmy actually seems a bit subdued but puts on a great show.  This CD is by far the best concert CD I've heard by Hendrix.  The sound was done as if for a recording because of the filming of the show.  It really is like you are there for the concert.
1400034205|5.0|I approached Maugham reluctantly, as I do many British authors.  But, the Razor's Edge was clear, descriptive, yet not mired in page-long sentences.  Maugham does not try to present a \\"theme\\" to the reader, although he does set up situations in which the reader can try to grasp lessons from the plot.    But that is all the reader can do--grasp.  Maugham is Dickensian in his character development.  Each character is ethereal, and readers can project themselves on them--especially Larry.  Maugham seems to understand that we cannot simplify characters to simple symbols or thoughts, and he uses this to his advantage.    Brilliant book, lucid enough for reading on vacations...stirring
B00005JPQR|5.0|(4 1/2 *'s) `The Bourne Ultimatum' is a non-stop thriller ride that easily propels itself to the top of 2007's three-peat super summer.  The third in the series, Jason Bourne (played superbly by a tough and tormented Matt Damon) still suffers his same identity crisis, this time criss-crossing his way across the globe with breakneck speed.  Suspenseful for more than the thrill of the chase, we are given a gripping sense of drama as CIA director, Noah Vosen (played with tough officiousness by David Strathairn in another great performance) and his sparring co-leader, Pamela Landy (Joan Allen in an admirably complex role) come to grips with Bourne and his alleged treason against their assassination operation. Hooking up with a fellow operative Nicky Parsons (a sleight-of-hand Julia Stiles), Bourne and associates provide enough development to keep us guessing throughout.     Besides all of the identity intrigue, the action is relentless without being predictable.  All the scenes of chase and violence are fresh and invigorating.  Flashbacks from Jason's fragmented memory add substance to the fray, and the board room tension at control central, both at the CIA and the UK are formidable.  Creeping into his memory at various times, senior CIA figure, Dr. Albert Hirsch (in a welcome sunset role by Albert Finney), gives the mystery proper credence.  While I found Greengrass's direction a mastery of timing, drama, and movement, I do have a quibble with the editing.  Although an acquired taste, too many scenes are presented as an enhanced blur, both in the thick of the chase and with the flashback sequences.  Just as an observation, the revelations presented are satisfying with the resolution of his identity being one of the least compelling.    `The Bourne Ultimatum' deserves approximately the same accolades as '[[ASIN:B000MNP2K8 Casino Royale (2-Disc Full Screen Edition)]]' with its stunning development, pace, and execution.  For those who love action pictures, this film is alist-topping must-see movie.
0765316889|5.0|Brandon Sanderson's second installment in the Mistborn Trilogy is well worth the wait. There was quite a bit of politicking and a great deal of time spent on certain character's emotional development. Some of these sections may seem long but they are necessary for the progression of both the plot and the characters. There is still plenty of satisfying action, interesting new characters and a thrilling conclusion. With all the twists and turns of the story, I am now most anxious to read the final book. My only regret is that some secondary characters are given a somewhat superficial treatment and we don't get to see enough of them. Sanderson's novel is a well-crafted, engaging read that sets up for what should be a rousing conclusion.
B000002KBH|5.0|I consider this the best grateful dead album,if you like their more peaceful music.
B000QUCNOK|1.0|IF I BOUGHT THIS IT WOULD BE IN THE GARBAGE CAN  I COULD NOT BELIEVE WHAT THEY DID TO THIS MOVIE  DO NOT WATCH,THERE IS A ORGIE SEGMENT ON A LARGE SCALE  WE LOVE PERIOD PIECES AND HAVE  WATCH MANY  THIS ONE DISCUSSED US    VALERIE
B001DSNF8C|2.0|Finally, political correctness caught up with James Bond, something which was always sure to spell disaster for the whole Bond concept. Bond's long history of womanizing (although the 'manizing' of the many Bond girls is deemed acceptable in the hypocrisy of political correctness, Hollywood-style) was finally punished in this film, with amongst other things, a flogging on the genitals, to the delight of many it seems. Previous Bonds had broken every rule in the book of today's gender rules for films, especially the rule that a woman must always get the comeuppance over a man. If a man uses a woman, he must somehow be punished at the end of the film. If a woman uses a man, there must be a good reason for her doing it, and it's probably because he's a bastard. Bond broke this golden rule for nearly 4 decades, and now poor old Daniel Craig (who plays his role as well as could be done considering the script he had to accept) is paying for this with genital floggings and other humiliations no other Bond would have dreamed of accepting.<br /><br />This is NOT Bond. It's just the typical, routine modern action film, politically-corrected to match today's bogus gender ideology, and can only really be enjoyed by certain kinds of women and emasculated men, the type who've unconsciously accepted psychological castration. This would be perfectly OK if we also saw films of Charlie's Angels, for example, getting floggings on their genitals, as then men would know that Hollywood does promote real gender equality. But the fact that that is extremely unlikely to happen demonstrates just how ruinous bogus ideologies can be to film production, the creation of art in general, as well as relations of true equality between the genders.
0060763892|5.0|Sigma Force series. Marco Polo's voyage notes leave a trail to a cure for a deadly virus that has broken out on a remote island and spreading. The Guild is looking to capitalize on its uses. Gray Pierce and Seichan are on the same side this time and his parents get in the mix. They travel through the Vatican, Istanbul, Marco Polo's tomb to Angkor Tom. Fast, furious and bloody. Good story...READ IT!
1594489505|4.0|Once again, Khaled Hosseini has put names and faces to this distant country that many Americans probably still can't find on a map. This time it's the story of women during war--often told, always painful. Laila and Mariam are cast adrift for very different reasons--one is the illegitimate daughter of a wealthy businessman, the other is suddenly orphaned as she almost simultaneously finds herself pregnant. There's only one solution for these women in a society where a woman without the protection of a male relative is fair game for just about anything--marriage. Mariam and Laila's relationship of jealousy and shame warms into a pact of mutual self-protection and eventually love, as Mariam finds the child she never had and Laila receives the love of a mother. But Rasheed, their husband, is violent, suspicious and traditional, and even before the Taliban turn back the clock to the stone age as far as women are concerned, he demands they wear the burqa, stay at home, and submit totally to him.    \\"Splendid Suns\\" is certainly as riveting as \\"Kite Runner.\\" But I think Hosseini's story this time is one we're more familiar with; although the lives of Mariam and Laila are almost too dreadful to imagine, the shock of the \\"Kite Runner\\" isn't there. The characters are more black and white, perhaps the story not nuanced enough. We never see inside the heart of Jalil, Mariam's father, who obviously loves her but agrees to send her away--here Jalil's wives seem to rule the roost. And how does Laila's mother change from the lively gossip we first meet to the wraith she becomes when Laila's older? But most of all, what about Rasheed? He is so utterly hateful, so brutal and ugly. We get hints of a long ago tragedy, the death of a son. Who was to blame? When Mariam enters his life, his hopes are smashed as she suffers miscarriage after miscarriage. And what about his suspicions of Laila?--can we say they're unfounded?     Hossieni tells the story in chronological order at first, butin Part 3, where the drama of the two women against Rasheed plays out, he alternates points of view with chapters headed by their names--a bit of a clumsy device. Sometimes he adds a date, sometimes not. At times the plot felt like a long line of senseless beatings--we know someone will die sooner or later.  To say that the women are victims of Islam and a very traditional society run amock robs the story of complexity and depth.    The turmoil that has plagued Afghanistan for the last thirty years is a backdrop to Laila and Mariam's story. Wave upon wave of violence tears apart families and lives; millions are killed, men, women and children alike, millions flee. Although Hosseini ends on a hopeful note, I put this book down with a feeling of dread--four years later we know far too well what's happening. To say this novel is not the \\"Kite Runner\\" is perhaps unfair--books like that come along all too rarely. Hosseini is a very talented writer and I highly recommend \\"Splendid Suns.\\"
B000QXDED6|5.0|This movie is appropritely named because it deserves a 300 on a scale of 1 to 10. Of course, as someone else said \\"for it's target audience.\\" The non stop action with a purpose, and excellent acting made for a great movie that you could not turn from for a minute. The special effects were top notch. I hope the 300 become 600 with a sequel. Betrayal, shivelry, bravery , patriotism, romance, and sadness were aligned to perfection in this movie for action fans. A wife who will do anything for her husband. A husband who will do anything for his country. A bribery that will enslave,doom and free warriors and a nation. Never have I seen a movie where the label \\"Warriors\\"  described the entire movie.      For this genre, the rest will be compaired to 300 for the next decade  or so. I have to say, I completely understand why.
0800141660|5.0|There is not one single bad thing I can say about this film. None. It is my 3rd most favorite film of all time. The acting is some of the finest out there, the costumes, plot, drama, wit; superb. I gush about this film to everyone I know. When I am in a foul mood, all I need to do is put this in my dvd player and I am perfectly fine 2 hours later. Anyone who is and isn't a Jane Austen fan should watch it. If you love period films, then this is the movie for you. Like I said, I could never critique it properly because I could never find the right words to describe it.     Though people would consider it a 'chick flick', I have seen this with my fiance and he actually liked it as well. I cant stress enough how wonderful all the actors are. Kate Winslet, who is probably my favorite British acress is spectacular in this, Emma Thompson and of course the ridiculously perfect Alan Rickman all make this film worthwhile to watch.
B000LXH0AE|4.0|I have a hobby as a writer. I've actually had some of my work published. I've done some pretty awful, horrible things to some of my characters. I've killed them, maimed them, subjected them to abuse parents, drugs, fear, danger and death. All in the name of good writing and conflict!    So you'll understand that the idea of ever meeting some of my characters, especially, say, in a dark alleyway, is something that fills me with some sense of trepidation.    This is a movie about life and death, and the value of both to our world. It has a very nice style and feel to it, in addition to some great writing and acting on the part of everyone, including the star. Will Ferrell is not on my list of favorite actors, but he does an excellent job as the doomed main character of this piece. It's a nice step back from some of the idiot characters he's played in most of his movies.    Despite the odd premise of a man who finds out he's a character in someone else's novel, the movie really works well, and comes across as a labor of love on the part of everyone involved. There's also a little of thought-provoking phillosophical stuff that happens in the film, giving you something to think about a little after you're done watching it.    It doesn't quite reach into five-star territory, but it does settle nicely into four stars, and is a worthy addition to anyone's DVD collection.
B0002VL0KQ|3.0|There are few songs on here that are quite lovely and serene. But to be honest, the rest are only just OK. I have added it to my collection because I love Celine and I do listen to it on occassion. Its a great album for putting you to sleep :)
B000002G87|5.0|OK, folks, very short and sweet, here...emphasis on \\"sweet!!!\\"...<br /><br />Without doubt, and MILLIONS agree with me, this is one of the GREATEST albums ever made! Certainly on everyone's \\"10 BEST LIST\\"...guaranteed!<br /><br />Clapton \\"ruled\\" then, as he also \\"rules\\" now!!! NEVER has there been another classic rock, jazz, and blues guitarist that can come close to touching this Great Great Master!!! ~operabruin
B00003CXDD|4.0|This movie just doesn't get old. I can watch it anytime and still feel wowed by it. I am not particularly fond of 80's films, but this one is not cheesy or poorly acted. It is actually very sweet with a pretty cool plot and awesome characters. I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a fun adventurous family movie to watch.
6305428042|4.0|I absolutely love Bette Midler! She is an amazing actress, she is what made this movie a hit!
B000002C4J|5.0|There is nothing bad I can possibly say about Celine Dion. This CD is wonderful and beautiful. I love pretty much every track on here. I have replayed the CD countless times and will continue to do so, as well as all her other wonderful albums.
B000002P6R|5.0|Although a critical disappointment: \\"Face Dances\\" remains one of the greatest \\"Who\\" albums in their oeuvre. Kenney Jones takes over on drums. Townshend later was quoted as saying the spirit of The Who died when Keith Moon was buried...this is possibly one of the reasons for its failure since Townshend's heart was not in it. However there are so many classics here that makes it well worth the buy. The \\"big two\\" anthems here are: \\"Don't let go the Coat\\" and \\"Another Tricky Day\\". You take it from there.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Besides Sense and Sensibiliy, this is probably my 2nd fave period film, as well as Jane Austen film. It has just the right amout of drama and humour, all balanced out flawlessly. The acting is top notch and the costumes, beautiful and realistic. The musical score is also very pretty. It is a very serene type of film to watch. You cannot help but smile.
0385495323|5.0|This great book might on one hand be seen as an introduction to<br />cryptography (producing codes) and cryptanalysis (breaking codes), and on<br />the other hand as an anthology of slightly dramatized biographies of<br />certain individuals, throughout the whole history of codes and ciphers,<br />related to corresponding major events.<br /><br />The style of the book is a successful and well-structured mixture of<br />popular science at its best and somewhat rigorous descriptions of<br />concepts and algorithms of various complexity. It starts off with telling<br />the story of the so called 'cipher of Mary Queen of Scots', then<br />successively deals with, for instance, the initial invention of a<br />theoretically unbreakable code (through using random numbers) and its<br />practical drawbacks, the rise and fall of the Enigma code, the usage of<br />codes in the form of unusual (hopefully unknown to the enemy or opponent)<br />languages, the analysis of ancient forgotten languages, privacy issues<br />including safe transfering of code keys and, finally, ends with<br />discussions of modern, and possibly future, cryptography/cryptanalysis-<br />techniques based on quantum computers and theory.<br /><br />Moreover, additional interesting, and in some instances somewhat more<br />technical, material is referred to several appendices.<br /><br />Note: The swedish translated edition includes quite a lot of Sweden-specific<br />information. (Translator: Margareta Brogren.) In all respects this is a<br />most impressive piece of work!
B00005JMAH|5.0|You can tell a different director took over. This is a fresh new looking Harry Potter movie. Even the feel of the castle and surroundings look different and better. It's a movie I can watch over and over. Even if you have never read a HP book, you will still enjoy this movie, and the others as well.
0609610570|5.0|I did receive this book in an executive seminar; read it over couples of nights, a simple book with day to day tips to make things happen.    A must read for any one how dreams to become a successful executive and a reality check for those already there.
B00005JKO3|5.0|It has been a very long wait indeed for a proper, high resolution 2 disc anamorphic DVD of this epic medieval tale of passion and chivalry. The final results are breathtaking. The transfer is stunning and the sound is rich and full. This is rousing entertainment on the grandest scale.<br /><br />It's hard to understand why this film took so long to arrive on DVD. Perhaps, as some have suggested, the subject matter has been an issue in our over-sensitive, shrinking world of religious violence. Or our discomfort with nebulous concepts of love, forgiveness and peace. But most likely a matter of rights and licensing issues.<br /><br />The relevance of this extraordinary film remains current and is a monumental artistic achievements of world cinema. On a personal level, this terrific film provoked me into thinking about how belief systems -- especially about the nature of God (or Allah) -- benefit or harm our world.<br /><br />The essence of the conflict between warring Castilians and Moors and an invading Muslim threat is unflinching in the opening scene as the North African holy warrior Ben Yussuf quotes \\"the Prophet\\" as promising to conquer the world in the name of Allah.<br /><br />But the real conflict is the idea that there can be peace -- and perhaps even love -- between those who hate. This is exemplified in the troubled and intimate story of Rodrigo (Charlton Heston) and Ximena (Sophia Loren). It begins simply enough with a knight on his way to meet his bride when destiny forces a detour.<br /><br />El Cid, the legendary hero of Spain was a real person named Don Rodrigo Diaz de Bivar. He lived around 1035 A.D. Although he spent much of his time fighting on the side of the Moors, he became identified as the best incarnation of the true Castilian Christian spirit. His name came from the Arabic \\"sayyid\\" meaning \\"lord\\" or \\"chief.\\"<br /><br />Charlton Heston and Sophia Loren are perfectly cast as larger than life figures of flesh and blood. Their reported confllcts on-set probably added a degree of on-screen realism. They are wonderful together. Too bad Heston and Loren were not able to do a full, shared commentary.<br /><br />Anthony Mann's direction is robust and true to the theme. The movie has a fine sense of composition that the terrific on-location cinematography only enhances. Numerous action-filled vistas fill the screen, richly detailed and beautifully photographed. No CGI elements can rival the texture of a real place captured on celluloid.<br /><br />The incredible flow of stunning images and the magnificent Miklos Rozsa score are a reminder of what movies can do when they tackle a worthy tale and go all the way.<br /><br />EL CID is about a real hero who selflessly followed his moral compass. It's also a reasonably true adapataion of the essence of the numerous medieval tales, plays and poems -- unlike the mangling of both poem and hero \\"Beowulf\\" in the recent movie of the same name.<br /><br />Amazing that this magnificent paradox of a tale -- after all, El Cid was a warrior and peacemaker -- continues to be told for a thousand years.<br /><br />This great movie deserves a place in any digital library. Don't miss it.<br /><br />Highest recommendation.<br /><br />The extras on the second disc include interesting featurettes on producer Sam Bronston, director Anthony Mann and composer Miklos Rozsa as well as vintage radio interviews with Heston and Loren and a nice \\"making of\\" documentary.en realism. They are wonderful together. Too bad Heston and Loren were not able to do a full, shared commentary.     Anthony Mann's direction is robust and true to the theme. The movie has a fine sense of composition that the terrific on-location cinematography only enhances. Numerous action-filled vistas fill the screen, richly detailed and beautifully photographed. No CGI elements can rival the texture of a real place captured on celluloid.     The incredible flow of stunning images and the magnificent Miklos Rozsa score are a reminder of what movies can do when they tackle a worthy tale and go all the way.     EL CID is about a real hero who selflessly followed his moral compass. It's also a reasonably true adapataion of the essence of the numerous medieval tales, plays and poems -- unlike the mangling of both poem and hero \\"Beowulf\\" in the recent movie of the same name.     Amazing that this magnificent paradox of a tale -- after all, El Cid was a warrior and peacemaker -- continues to be told for a thousand years.     This great movie deserves a place in any digital library. Don't miss it.     Highest recommendation.     The extras on the second disc include interesting featurettes on producer Sam Bronston, director Anthony Mann and composer Miklos Rozsa as well as vintage radio interviews with Heston and Loren and a nice \\"making of\\" documentary.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I watched it when it came out in theaters and I just had to own the DVD. This version is perfectly cast. Keira(Lizzie), in this film, is not so drop dead gorgeous that nobody can see themselves in her (she's flat chested for one). And Matthew as Darcy is smolderingly hot. They captured the subtlety and nuances that a lot of romantic movies now no longer have and yet the same subtlety is what grips you, just like the book. The chemistry played in the film reminded me of first love (or infatuation) or an illicit affair.     A lot of friends(fans of the book) hesitated watching the film as they didn't want the film character to ruin the image of Mr. Darcy they had in their heads. Ladies, Mcfadyen doesn't disappoint. He enhances it.  He is still Darcy, yet hot hot hot. He made Darcy smolder. His acting is superb. Stiff upper lip but his eyes spoke volumes. Soulful, even. It smoldered, looked away, and light up with happiness that he couldn't help. And there were times that he looked like he was visibly swallowing eventhough you couldn't see it as his throat was covered with a cravat. And he managed to convey that he was aware of everything eventhough he wasn't even looking. Doesn't that sound like us, when we're holding ourselves back?    And Keira as Lizzie, was wonderfully refreshing. Even people who haven't read the book could tell that she couldn't help herself, she was attracted to Darcy. Love could be mistaken for loathing. Throughout the film, she never said she liked him, except towards the end, yet both actors managed to play the characters as being extremely aware of each other. Isn't that how we feel, when the person we are so passionately attracted to walks into the room, we know it even without looking? That's how the film is. Perfect.    The supporting cast was equally superb. Dame Dench, as Lady Catherine, can swallow you whole. Jenna was absurd and annoying (as she should be), I fast-forward her.   The scenery is breathtaking. And there's always something going on in all corners of the screen, most notably, the ball scenes and the maid singing as she walked through the house.  Overall, this film is delightful. Pemberly took my breath away as it did Keira Knightly. And Mcfadyen as Darcy, soaking wet and hurt? Wow. And check out the scene as he was coming out with the dawn of the sun behind him...morning dew, long coat and open shirt...wow wow. I'm in love again.
B000RZGIOA|5.0|If Paramount is 'in Microsoft's pocket' then there are FAR more companies in Sony's pocket.  If a studio chooses a format based on production costs, higher number of 'movie only' players (PS3s skew the number of blu-ray players out there, the industry has found that people who buy a 'movie only' component to watch movies are more likely to buy movies vs. a console that plays movies, which means there are MORE HD DVD player owners than Blu-Ray owners), and for not getting strong-armed by Sony I say more power to them, quit whining, obviously they're doing just fine.  Sony decided they didn't want my business by making their players more expensive and provide less features (they have done this with Betamax, Mini-Discs, S-DVDs, etc) and keeping antiquated relics from DVDs such as region coding etc.  It isn't reasonable to expect studios to release both formats just the same as it is unreasonable to expect a retailer to carry both and have to commit twice as much (or 3 times as much when counting regular DVD) so until there is a compromise, expect many producers and retailers to side with one or the other, all it means is that when one company goes exclusive with one format, a competitor will go with another.  This is called a 'free market economy'.  QUIT WHINING.
B000002UAO|5.0|In less than 3 years the Beatles went from releasing such pop music as \\"ps I love you\\" & \\"i want to hold your hand\\" to this album!  With songs like Norwegian Wood, In my Life, I'm Looking through you (and on and on) this is what is rarely done in rock music...<br />a masterpiece.
B000QUUD60|2.0|Save your hard earned dollars.  I purchased this DVD and This Is Elvis special edition as well.  It is a repackaging of the same old stuff.  The best part of TIE is the car scene where Elvis says, \\"I was buried in a ?#%(#$\\".  Followed by lots of laughter.  It may as well have been bleeped out.  When this movie was on TV in Canada years ago, the sound was great and one could hear everything.  Everything!  I was hoping the live Little Sister would include Get Back, but no, we are sadly disappointed.  Again!  Maybe someone in the know could tell us just exactly what outtakes are being held 'in the can' and why.  Is Elvi$ still the meaning of Elvis?  Elvis On Tour in our future?  I think, again sadly, no.
B000002L99|4.0|This 1986 release marked the beginning of my listening to AOR and really developing an attention span. I remember the Summer of '86 spending endless days locked in the house, grounded and hanging out with my brother Wilson listening to \\"Love Walks In\\" over and over and over while he played air drums and I stood waiting to mime Eddie's incredible solo on this and the sludgy breakdown on \\"Summer Nights\\"! This album and my brother got me through a truly horrible and confusing time in my life. While Eddie's guitar now sounds a bit thin and compressed to me and the electronic drum pads haven't aged well, this is still a great collection of tunes by a band that was obviously in transition. Sammy Hagar's raspy vocals are a nice fit for the band and overall this is still quite enjoyable, a bit too polished to actually call \\"hard rock\\" but a good catalog item.
1558216847|4.0|I'm reading the book for the 3rd time and I question a number of items Rawicz mentions. For one, he says they walked during the heat of the day in the Gobi so as to follow a due south direction judging by the sun. Tempretures in the Gobi during the day run over 45C and coupled with walking, there is no way any human can survive without water for more than 3 days under those conditions. Rawicz claims they went as many as 6 and 7 days without water. Secondly, his party found Lake Baikal without any compass. Add to this the many references Rawicz makes about the geography of the area. He keeps mentioning Lhasa. Yet they enter the Gobi without any provisions for water. How is this possible when they had ample opportunity to prepare during their numerous encounters with the local tribesman as they headed into the Gobi? It's also interesting that the one person in his party who would easily be tracable is Mr. Smith - a fictitious name. Surely, after such an encounter and the bonding that takes place under such conditions, Rawicz would know the name of this man from the United States? Even later in life, Rawicz made no mention of this person's real identity. Sadly, I believe The Long Walk is a fictional account. I believe Rawicz suffered through difficult times, but he also fooled a generation of readers.  For those who would like to read a true account of one man's walk to freedom, then I highly suggest \\"Long Walk To Freedom\\" by Nelson Mandela. There's no doubt about the authenticity of this wonderful and inspiring book.
B000QFCD5O|4.0|As an ASIA fan since their inception I was ready to give this album a listen.    The plus is that the original 4 members of ASIA are playing live again for the 25th Anniversary of the group.  You get 18 songs on 2 discs and 13 of the 14 ASIA tunes are top notch.  They ROCK.  The exception is \\"Don't Cry\\" which is done as an acoustic version.  It's OK for what it is but the song would have been so much better if they had rocked it.    The other 4 songs are one from each members' former band, which is an excellent idea.  \\"Court Of The Crimson King\\" originally be King Crimson and \\"Fanfare For The Common Man\\" done by ELP in the late 70s are excellent.  The shortcomings of this idea are most notably \\"Roundabout\\", the YES tune which I was looking forward to but is way too slow tempo here.  \\"Video Killed The Radio Star\\" originally done by The Buggles is done respectably but is spoiled a bit by weak harmonies.    The guys haven't lost anything as far as the musicianship with which they play their instruments.    So, 15 of 18 songs make for an excellent 4 star album but, for the three reasons I mentioned above, it could have been a 5 star album but I will still take live ASIA this good anytime.    I am looking forward to the companion DVD in the beginning of October so I can also watch the action.
6305499365|4.0|As long as corporate America insists on treating people like farm animals or widgits, Office Space is going to hit home on several levels: It is a wickedly funny parody of life as a Cube Farm inhabitant; it is dead-on in all the silly and ultimately pointless exercises that upper management goes through to justify itself; and it caters to every worker's fantasy of some day Stickin' it to The Man.    There are numerous weirdly comical moments, as when the lead character, Peter Gibbons, is reclaiming his life and his sanity at the office while a rap song about \\"it's good to be a gangster\\" booms in the background; and the hysterical juxtaposition of white, straight-arrow geek programmer Michael Bolton swaying in his car to some truly off-color rap lyrics. The mumbling, goggle-eyed character Milton Waddams (EVERY office has one, you know it does) almost steals the whole show with his obsessiveness about his red Swingline stapler.    I have worked with many of the characters in this movie, and only wish that, like Peter, I had recognized far earlier in my \\"career\\" that people are not meant to live in fabric-lined enclosures and fret over things like mission statements and TPS reports.     Although the movie is a bit dated now in terms of how people dress, etc., and the rap songs in the soundtrack might be offensive to some, Office Space is a movie you will want to watch several times, so you can absorb all of the lessons it has to offer.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Rewatching the movie never gets old, plus tons of new things. Watching the extras will make you grin and laugh, because with an amazing show/movie like this one, you know the characters. Good movies don't do that, just the best.
0618680004|5.0|Dr. Dawkins has finally put down in writing what he had implied in the Selfish Gene, The Blind Watchmaker and Unweaving the rainbow (books that I have read). While Dr. Sagan opens the floodgates of time and space, Dr. Dawkins raises our consiousness towards evolution.  Seasoned Dawkins fans will find this book particularly and surprisingly lame with regard to the usual estatic heights he (Dawkins) is capable of evoking with his overwhelmingly elegant expositions of nature (the rainbow and bats for starters).  This book is more vitriolic and rightly so. It has rationalists (like me) saying, \\"You told us already sir!, we know, dont repeat yourself\\" but for those who are sitting at the fences this book is a must read.  The first part of the book is roughly a not so cloaked critique of irrationality and why religion is a subset of irrationality. The usual religious \\"explanations\\" for a deity take a \\"Dawkinsian\\" hit.  The second part of the book summarizes the richness of atheistic thought and musings on morality.  If you are a person with considerable doubt in religious dogma,I reccomend that this book to be read, reread and gifted. If you are an atheist, buy this book to decorate the shelf - there is nothing here that merits itself a place with other Dawkins' masterpieces. Also, I might reccomend one to follow up the usual questions one gets \\"so what is morality?\\" by reading Pirsig's Lila.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|First, a word about this childish boycott. \\"Grindhouse\\" gave us two brilliant genre films for the price of one in the theaters. It was a once in a lifetime experience for most of us and a chance to see the two most bada$* directors in Hollywood give us 3+ hours of hardcore horror/exploitation entertainment including the funniest faux-trailers you're likely to ever see (or not see if you missed it). And it bombed. Big time. Why? Because lazy America said it'd wait for the DVD because both films together were too long and they lost the chance to support a truly brilliant idea and show that we are sick and tired of cardboard cutout PG-13 teen horror and bad remakes of beloved cult classics. They went to see \\"Disturbia\\" instead. \\"Grindhouse\\" was what true horror fans -hell, what all true film fanatics- have been dying for and shame on all of you who missed it. So the studio took a loss for taking a chance on this idea and as a result, they've split the two films up with extra scenes that were cut for time and are giving us these two films as we haven't yet seen them, each in double-disc editions packed with extras. Awesome, right? Weeeeeellllll, now the same whiners who stiffed the films in the theaters are angry they missed out and want both films on one DVD (as if there'd even be room) for a discount price. Sorry, but it don't work that way. The theatrical cut was packaged as just that, an experience for the theaters simulating the double-feature drive-in days of old. Even if that experience would translate to DVD, why would the company re-release it in the same form that already failed miserably? The bottom line is this: we now have another chance to show that THIS is what we as horror fans want to see and the only way to do that is to buy these great-looking DVDs. The notion that making the films bomb yet again on DVD is going to lead to some super-duper deluxe theatrical edition must have been conceived in the mind of a five year old on crack. If we don't support these editions, these films will die and the studio will waste no more money on this failed project or any like it in the future. This is basic business sense. Support true horror and other genre films and boycott crappy remakes and bloated sequels *cough*Spiderman3*cough* instead.  YOu know you'll double-dip on those.<br /><br />\\"Death Proof\\" was Quentin Tarantino's half of the \\"Grindhouse\\" experience.  It's a film of stunning originality that switches gears between genres seamlessly and, in true Tarantino fashion, pays tribute to it's influences all the way going so far as to name the films it strives to emulate.  \\"Planet Terror\\", Robert Rodriguez's zombie-heavy gorefest that served as the other half of \\"Grindhouse\\", captured the spirit of exploitation cinema by being over-the-top and silly, but \\"Death Proof\\" pays homage to it while building a more subtle, character-driven masterpiece.  Kurt Russell plays an old stunt driver with a car built so that the driver can not be killed no matter how bad he crashes (death proof, see?).  Well, the guy is a bit of a misogynistic bastard (and a wuss at that) and he gets his jollies by murdering young, beautiful women, possibly as a way of getting back at a world that doesn't share his enthusiasm for -or even a vague awareness of- the carphilic genre films that make up his very existence.  His weapon of choice?  His stunt car, of course. They crash, he lives, they die.  There is an amazing scene where a crash with a car full of girls is replayed over-and-over, each repeat focusing on a different girl and her particular gory demise.  Unbelievable.  The girls are all well fleshed-out as characters with lives and personalities of their own and you just don't know who will live and die.  You cheer when they live, you gasp (and then cheer at the way it was filmed) when they die; a win-win situation.<br /><br />Rose McGownan is indeed the grindhouse queen as she co-stars in both films and steals the show in every scene she appears in.  Real-life stuntwoman Zoe Bell makes her acting debut and proves an impossibly endearing on-screen presence who shall henceforth be known as Spiderwoman to me after her incredible stuntwork here.  Rosario Dawson charms as always and the rest of the cast is beyond solid as well.<br /><br />  The last twenty minutes of \\"Death Proof\\" are among the greatest of any film I've ever seen.  Edge of your seat barely begins to describe the chase sequences and the finale had me literally applauding in the theater as I laughed myself silly.  You will not see the ending coming unless you've see or heard about it already.  The rest of the film is splattered with homages and references to classic drive-in fare, humorous and profane dialogue, horror cliches (horny + stoned + female = splat!), and more QT goodness.<br /><br />This extended cut features the infamous \\"reel missing\\" scene featuring a very sexy lapdance and more of the film's awesome music.  There is also a black-and-white sequence where Russell and Dawson indulge in Tarantino's creepy foot fetish and a hilarious convenience store scene which stars the almost undrinkable \\"Big Red\\" soda in damn near every shot.  I laughed harder every time the camera focused on the offending soft drink.  The special features are impressive; the highlight for me was watching goretastic horror director Eli Roth plead with Kurt Russell in-between takes where Roth's character had to diss the horror legend.<br /><br />Buy this film, buy \\"Planet Terror\\" (there is a $5 off coupon for it included here if that helps), and wave your copies at the moron down the street who's boycotting because this is brilliant filmmaking and denying yourself this kind of entertainment over sour grapes is self-punishment.<br />\\"Hey Ladies..... THAT was fun!\\"untwoman Zoe Bell makes her acting debut and proves an impossibly endearing on-screen presence who shall henceforth be known as Spiderwoman to me after her incredible stuntwork here.  Rosario Dawson charms as always and the rest of the cast is beyond solid as well.        The last twenty minutes of \\"Death Proof\\" are among the greatest of any film I've ever seen.  Edge of your seat barely begins to describe the chase sequences and the finale had me literally applauding in the theater as I laughed myself silly.  You will not see the ending coming unless you've see or heard about it already.  The rest of the film is splattered with homages and references to classic drive-in fare, humorous and profane dialogue, horror cliches (horny + stoned + female = splat!), and more QT goodness.     This extended cut features the infamous \\"reel missing\\" scene featuring a very sexy lapdance and more of the film's awesome music.  There is also a black-and-white sequence where Russell and Dawson indulge in Tarantino's creepy foot fetish and a hilarious convenience store scene which stars the almost undrinkable \\"Big Red\\" soda in damn near every shot.  I laughed harder every time the camera focused on the offending soft drink.  The special features are impressive; the highlight for me was watching goretastic horror director Eli Roth plead with Kurt Russell in-between takes where Roth's character had to diss the horror legend.      Buy this film, buy \\"Planet Terror\\" (there is a $5 off coupon for it included here if that helps), and wave your copies at the moron down the street who's boycotting because this is brilliant filmmaking and denying yourself this kind of entertainment over sour grapes is self-punishment.    \\"Hey Ladies..... THAT was fun!\\"
0812975219|5.0|Fooled by Randomness gives you a view of risk and skills from a probability (though without numbers) standpoint. Using the stories of Nero Tulip and John, the High-Yield Trader, Nassim (the author) points out how much chance, or randomness, is actually behind the scenes throughout. Mostly, he talks financial markets, but this perspective of risk applies to every other thing in life. I have three copies of this book. \\"There are always secrets,\\" he says. And \\"It is not natural for us to learn from history.\\" Read the book. If you've ever lost money in the markets and don't want it to happen again, you're going to have a good time.
B000N4SHPS|5.0|being a big fan of Rocky and subsequently turned off by all the sequels I was a bit skeptical of this one when I first heard it was being made. I even kept putting off watching it even after everyone I know who saw it, said it was good. All right so I finally got to see it and what a great movie. The Bill Conti score is there, the turtles Cuff and Link, Maria from the old neighborhood, Paulie and his irrascible ways. Rocky now runs a restaurant in Philly named Adrian's, whose death he is still mourning, he's lost connection with his son who is trying to escape the shadow of his famous dad. Rocky's future is stuck with his past as his life consists of regaling customers with old fight stories. When he decides that he needs to fight again because \\"he still has stuff in the basement\\". The action builds slow as we are brought into the characters lives and we feel so much for these characters the story builds and builds and pulls you in. Well written and acted without all the histronics of the sequels and just the pure heart and soul of the original Rocky. Highly recommended.
B000QUUD60|3.0|First disc is a straight copy of the 2000 Special Edition. Second disc is a staright copy of the 1970 original...in MONO, and no picture restoration. It pales next to the 2000 version. The bonus features are what we were promised in 2000, minus the Beatles' covers...and two or three songs in this BONUS section are in the original film...to add insult to injury, the quality of these BONUS features suffers terribly. Elvis fans have long been used to the \\"repackage ripoff\\" releases the movie & record companies have given us...add this to the list.
B000V4UFZK|1.0|Yes, I'll be buying for better pq but this is the lamest SE since Disney's Father Of The Bride. A trailer & a feature do not a special edition make.
B0007SM922|5.0|Raw Sienna was my introduction to Savoy Brown through the kind encouragement of a junior high school girlfriend's hip older brother. To me, the album was easy to like. I liked horns, Raw Sienna has horns, and Savoy Brown's use of them sounded a lot more avant-garde to my young ears than either then-current radio favorites Chicago or Blood, Sweat and Tears did. So I became a fan and remain one to this day.  But tastes change, and my reasons for liking Raw Sienna today are vastly different than they were 37 years ago. When I first heard Raw Sienna, I played the first five songs constantly but rarely listened to the \\"B\\" side of the album. Now the songs of what was that flip side of the album (from I'm Crying through When I Was A Young Boy) are the ones I like best both musically and lyrically. It is singer Chris Youlden's voice and his songwriting skills that contributed in a huge way to making Raw Sienna the best of the band's first five albums.  Unfortunately, Youlden left the band and what came on Looking In was a shock to the young ears of a kid looking for some musical continuity. Gone were the horns and front and center was the twin guitar attack of Kim Simmonds and Lonesome Dave Peverett. Not to say it wasn't good, but it just didn't sound at the time like Savoy Brown. But what blues-rock fan doesn't like the hard-driving rockers Poor Girl and Looking In or the slow-burning blues of Money Can't Save Your Soul and the fine instrumental Sunday Night? In retrospect, Looking In is an excellent album and the lyrics of the title cut provide a bridge to the Youlden years with its message of introspection.  Reading the liner notes of a reissue is often educational as far as knowing what the writer's angle is with regard to the music within. It is obvious that Alan Robinson, the writer of the fine mini-biography of the band presented in the booklet that accompanies this CD, prefers Raw Sienna and the Chris Youlden era. So do I. But don't sell Looking In short. If Raw Sienna is to be considered the apex of the Youlden era, then Looking In is right behind it at the apex of the post-Youlden era.   Over the years, I have acquired all of the early Savoy Brown albums. I never saw Shake Down in any record store stateside but I did pick up a copy at WOM in Munich. I also went forward with the band to Hellbound Train, but dropped them when they slipped into mediocrity thereafter.  Savoy Brown was once a very important part of the music scene in the US. Despite the sloppy editing of the booklet, as noted by an earlier reviewer, this twin-pack still deserves five stars based on the quality of the music alone. If you were allowed to bring only one Savoy Brown recording along to exile on that proverbial \\"desert island\\", this would be the one I recommend.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|So I don't really dig lovey-dovey movies, but this one made the cut. \\"Love Actually\\" is a pulp-fiction style movie that deals with how much love bites, but that sometimes, just sometimes, it all turns out ok. It's very well done and will likely leave you feeling better about love, life and relationships. If you check it out, be forewarned that it does have some nudity/ sex scenes, but probably not like you've ever seen before. The movie could have gotten along ok without them, but it's more meaningful than you might first suspect. Pornography IS the most impersonal, irreverent, pernicious form of nudity known to humanity. But this movie capitalizes on that fact by having two porn stars' most intimate, most sincere moment with each other develop with ALL of their clothes ON, on a doorstep, via an awkward chicken-peck on the cheek. It's brilliant. And if you pay extra close attention to the male character's dialog later on, you learn that he's really a virgin anyway. Absolutely brilliant.<br />If you're a thinker and a lover (and I know you can be or wanna be) you'll dig this movie.
B0000A118M|5.0|A Love Supreme might be one of the most recognized jazz recordings. You have to read the liner notes as it describes what Coltrane was going through at the time and his devotion to God. This is Coltrane's attempt to honor and praise God. It is an album of devotion with Coltrane at his best. McCoy Tyner plays piano, Jimmy Garrison, bass and Elvin Jones on drums. Haunting, powerful music.
B000R7HY0K|5.0|I've been dreading the announcement that they were going to seperate the movies for a while now.  Upon hearing confirmation I'm dissapointed, but an adult, so I think I'll live.  One of the reasons I did not want the seperation was because I did not think Planet Terror would hold up on it's own.  Death Proof complemented and was , obviously, the better of the two features.  While Planet Terror was an awesome B-movie; Death Proof, was a great film tribute to B-movies.    I find it a little strange that people are jumping to the conclusion that the trailers will not be included because they are not listed on the features.  It would seem more likely that they are not listed because they are considered part of the film.  Of course I'm sure we're not gonna know which trailers are with what package.  Or I could be wrong. None the less, I will be buying both releases, and if there is a suitable bootleg of the original release format, I'll pick that up too.  Hopefully there will be a special double feature DVD, but we're still waiting for that Kill Bill double feature, so I won't hold my breathe.
B000002U3P|5.0|Easily one of the best soundtrack compilations ever put together.  It's a perfect narrative for the forgotten, drug-infused, rock-bottom, greasy nightmare most of us have never lived through.  In the end you'll have an incredible urge to rinse off in the shower.
B000OCXMAE|4.0|This cd isn't as bad as I initially thought it was. When I first popped it in my car cd player, I was like what the heck is this? This isn't normal linkin park!!! The problem with everyone is though, this isn't normal linkin park. It's been said that they were experimenting with a new kind of beat....and this is it! I will have to say though, I'm a die-hard linkin park fan...ever since the first cd came out when I was 14/15 years old (I'm 23 now). So I'll definitely end with this...give this cd a chance and it should definitely grow on you, because it grew on me!
B000268QB2|5.0|This debut album will blow you away.  I am constantly astounded at the quality of the writing.  We Might As Well Be Strangers is my favorite track, and is a good example of the well-balanced sound and thoughtful lyrics you find with Keane.
0307341550|4.0|I found this book to be so hauntingly delicious that I couldn't put it down. My only reason for not giving it a full 5 stars is that it wraps up really quickly. But I still can't get some of the scenes out of my head, and I doubt I ever will. Thank You, Ms. Flynn.
0385338694|5.0|I love this book. I could not put it down. This is a PLEASE READ!! :)
B000002UB6|4.0|Not near as good as Sgt Pepper or Magical Mystery Tour or Abbey Road but a very good album nonetheless.  The deep tracks alone are worth buying this CD.
B0000X61VE|5.0|I started doing this workout in February.  Everything she suggests is do-able for someone who doesn't do anything (like me) for exercise.  I love that the workout focuses on so many areas.  I just lost 30 pounds and wanted to get moving to keep it off -- I love that this dvd allows me to do that.  It's 40 minutes of work for the workout I do.  I try to do it about 2x a week and she kicks my butt everytime.
B000JJRIN4|5.0|I love Gwen and how she keeps creating something new and fun. Much different from the No Doubt I grew up listening to but still enjoyable all the same.
0743289684|5.0|It's rare that people in the West take time to consider the real value of our values.  We take them for granted; this autobiography asks us kindly not to.  It also seeks to present us with an inside look at a world we wish we wouldn't have to worry over, and forces us to recognize the impact our choices have in our lives and the lives of others.  Ayaan writes vividly of life in the Third World, of discovering First World culture, and of the effects of Islam in the mentality of those submissive to it.  She writes with a realism necessary to bear the nearly surreal adversity she's encountered.    Particularly acute for women readers, and perhaps more valuable for men, I believe this book to be a brave piece that could not have come soon enough.
076792603X|3.0|Great paced, but don't throw out your bible and convert to the church of the feminine for goodness sake...
B000002UB3|5.0|Great singles at the beginning but the best part is the string of songs from You Never Give Me Your Money to The End.  Her Majesty is a cute little song but out of place after The End.    I had a burned copy of this album for years but had to get the original so I could hear side two with any breaks.  Great album.
B00004W3L3|5.0|My first experience of Marillion was at the Reading rock festival in 1983. Being a young and brash new-waver, I immediately decided to have a snooze while these mullet headed bores droned on. \\"Have they not finished yet?\\" I enquired, when I arose from exquisite  slumber, a quarter of an hour or so later. \\"No\\" I was informed curtly, \\"they're still playing the same song!!\\"<br /><br />Despite liking 'Kayleigh', I studiously decided to give these embarrassing prog-rockers a double-wide berth. Waking up to 'Grendel' in a baking hot field with a half-eaten corn-cob on your head; I didn't think condusive to a lasting and rewarding relationship with even the liveliest combo. I switched on The Pastels, Blue Orchids and the Nightingales and deliciously forgot that Marillion ever existed.<br /><br />The eighties passed, and despite them winning all sorts of Band of the Year polls in the British music press, I remained unmoved. Stoic in my un-yielding belief that 'Fish' (splutter!) and co held no interest for me whatsoever (just like this review hasn't for most of you!), and I'd rather be doused in petrol and set alight than have to listen to one excruciating note. Marillion(snigger!), were the uncoolest group in the entire world.<br /><br />I don't know what happened next, but somehow, somewhere, in a friends lounge (outside time?), I found myself listening, grudgingly, to 'Misplaced Childhood'. And liking it a lot.<br /><br />I couldn't believe it. A Concept album by Marillion, ye gods, what next? 'The Wall'?(vapid trash). 'Ziggy Stardust'?(ugly trash), 'Tommy'?(well, maybe.. actually) I was sat baffled, as this superb, dark, joyous, FULL-BLOODED music washed over me.<br /><br />Do they sound like Genesis I wondered, desperately trying to become an immediate expert and this accusation was one of very few things I did know about them. Don't know. Never listened to Genesis, but there is a little bit of the Who hidden in there somewhere, among the surging synths and adroit guitar.(In fact Fish gives a telling little  nod to the Who on the fade-out of track four)<br /><br />There's supposed to be 10 songs here, but it's nearer 20, with the old prog trick of squeezing 4 or 5 into 'suites' (chortle!) well to the fore. I love this idea. It's a throwback to the early 70's, and part of Fish/Marillion's 'classic rock' ancestry, a VITAL and celebratory ingredient in 'Misplaced Childhood'.<br /><br />And what of mountainous, mammoth-man Fish I hear you ask? Well, on this particular outing, he's a revelation. You can imagine him in the studio, clumsily crashing into drum kits, knocking the tea over and banging his head on the booms as he lurches round like some behemoth Catweazle, unable to resist the sweeping, cathartic, ANGULAR music. Mad as a squirrel, mullet spinning like dreadlocks as he powerfully delivers his proud and significant words.<br /><br />Fine words they are too. Moving, poignant and defiant in equal measures. And beside him, in an organic sense as well as a locational one, guitarist Steve Rotherhay (from RotherHAM I hope!) is well up to the difficult task of coddling Fish's battered (sorry) words and ideas, and firing them out into the world in dynamic, controlled bursts. It's a fabulous mixture, much more so because it's completely unexpected, takes you completely by surprise, runs you like sparks through the stubble.<br /><br />As a fiery long-maccer, I would NEVER have given Marillion house room, but slightly older, one begins to perversely appreciate the uncool. The Geek (titter!). There's a certain dignity when you're championing the unchampionable, and great delight to be had grinning inanely when someone inevitably and incredulously exclaims \\"You-can't-possibly-like-them!\\"<br />Oh but I do. When things get good as this, indeed I do.<br /><br />Apologies all round for years of neglect and worse, but like a sinner of his own redeeming, I now claim sanctuary in the fold.<br />Lost and now found, (Oh Amazon, please employ a reviews editor, now!) I make the statement bold and true: 'Misplaced Childhood' by Marillion is excellent. No ifs or buts. Excellent.<br />(There is a 'but' actually. There's nothing on M C as good as the fab 'Charting the Single', but I wont ruin everything by sycophantically revealing that!)<br /><br />\\"Wide boys, wide boys born with Hearts of Lothian..\\" Born with hearts of lions on this showing.n is excellent. No ifs or buts. Excellent.  (There is a 'but' actually. There's nothing on M C as good as the fab 'Charting the Single', but I wont ruin everything by sycophantically revealing that!)    \\"Wide boys, wide boys born with Hearts of Lothian..\\" Born with hearts of lions on this showing.
061891868X|5.0|I like this book.  It has plenty of information.  I don't particularly like the negative tone of parts of it, but I don't think it is improper to editorialize in a popular science book.<br /><br />Smolin starts by discussing what he calls \\"the five great problems in theoretical physics.\\"  I agree that these are fundamental.  They are: quantum gravity, foundations of quantum mechanics (I think we're making progress on this one and showing that quantum mechanics really is a local theory), unification of particles and forces (including why gravity is so weak), values of free constants (including masses) in the Standard Model, and the nature of dark matter and dark energy.<br /><br />I would also add a few things to the list of problems.  Some of these additions are actually covered implicitly or explicitly in Smolin's list.  My additions are:<br /><br />Are there multiple universes, either elsewhere in space, in extra dimensions, or at previous times?<br /><br />If there are multiple universes, are they reproducing?  And if so, are they doing so in a manner in which fundamental physical constants can change, perhaps in an incremental manner?<br /><br />Was there an inflationary period right after the big bang and if so, what was its nature?<br /><br />Are there more than three spatial dimensions?<br /><br />What explains the matter to anti-matter baryon asymmetry?  How can the Standard Model be modified to handle the observed CP violation exhibited by K-mesons and B-mesons?<br /><br />Do protons decay?  If so, what's their half-life?  If not, then why do the proton and positron have the same charge?<br /><br />Do magnetic monopoles exist and if so, what are their properties?<br /><br />Do gravitational waves exist and if so, what are their properties?<br /><br />Do fundamental constants vary over time within our universe?<br /><br />Are there any other forces of nature (other than strong, electromagnetic, weak, and gravity), maybe operating mostly at very short ranges?<br /><br />Smolin says that after decades of enormous advances in particle physics resulting in the Standard Model, there have been relatively few recent discoveries.  That's true.  As he says, we've seen the discovery of dark energy.  And neutrino masses.  That's not as much as many of us hoped for.<br /><br />So far, string theory has been something of a disappointment for many of us, and Smolin complains that it's a shame that string theory has dominated some of the better theoretical physics departments.  Maybe string theory has been too much of a fad: Smolin thinks so and I happen to agree.  By the way, I also thought the whole SU(5) grand unification business, with the predictions of proton decay, was a little speculative in the first place, and  overly so once the data showed that the proton lifetime was well over 10 to the 33 years. Well, these things happen.  I find such problems extremely mild compared to what we see in non-technical fields, such as, say, Middle East Studies.<br /><br />The author mentions the question of what physics ought to be taught to freshmen in college, especially in top-notch schools such as Harvard.  In particular, what about quantum mechanics?  I'd defer that to the sophomore year.  And I would teach about Lagrangians in the sophomore year as well.  I like the idea of teaching special relativity, including fields of accelerating charges, to bright freshmen.<br /><br />Smolin asks why there aren't more women or Blacks in physics.  Is it bias?  Smolin thinks so, and some of it is.  But I think there's often more to it than that.  Many women are at a disadvantage when they try to combine family duties and success in a competitive field.  And some Blacks are disproportionately tempted by opportunities outside the academic world.<br /><br />One more topic that Smolin deals with is the contrast among theoretical physicists: some are primarily \\"craftspeople\\" while others are primarily \\"seers.\\"  Well, I'm not so sure that I agree.  I have worked with many good physicists as well as some superb physicists, and I regarded pretty much all of them to be both seers and craftspeople!  I think I would even categorize myself to be in both categories.<br /><br />In spite of a few minor disagreements with some of what Smolin says, I recommend this book.rs and craftspeople!  I think I would even categorize myself to be in both categories.    In spite of a few minor disagreements with some of what Smolin says, I recommend this book.
1594489505|1.0|When compared to \\"The Kite Runner,\\" I feel \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns\\" doesn't come close to the same amazing and mind-blowing literary development, originality, and accuracy presented in the first book.     Now not comparing it with \\"The Kite Runner,\\" it still does not reach its potential.   First of all, it is a common plot, maybe not by Western standards, but still it is not as original. The main thing original about it is that it is adapted to modern times and takes place during actual recent wars and political events.  Second, there is hardly any distinction made between culture and religion. \\"Its all one and the same,\\" that is the message I receive. Of course, I understand that is not the point. The point is that this is a culture in Afghanistan and not necessarily Islamic; however, that distinction is not clearly made as it is made in \\"The Kite Runner.\\" Considering, that the topic was on women (a highly sensitive topic), you would think that the author would be more determined to make such distinctions to prevent more false assumptions from forming.   And finally, third, there isn't much development throughout the story, especially, concerning the characters. Someone mentioned on here, it is the battle between absolute evil and absolute good, and I agree. There should be some development, some internal struggles of the protagonists. They're flat in the sense that they are portrayed as perfect. The emotions, thoughts, and actions of the characters, and the plot overall, do not have the same effect on the reader as the characters from \\"The Kite Runner.\\"     Although, I agree that such things can and do happen, and that this story is realistic in some ways, such as the struggles of these women are real, but for a novel that people will read and learn from, there were better ways to portray it. In all honesty, while \\"Kite Runner\\" seemed natural and from the heart, \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns\\" seems more contrived and aimed at appealing to the most popular way of thought.
B00005S6K8|4.0|Most crtics would disagree with me, but I liked this movie far better than the Bogart/Hepburn version. I love Harrison Ford--he's very sexy and I never thought Bogie was even attractive, much less sexy and I'm 58 years old.  Julia Ormond is also far prettier than Audrey Hepburn. I liked Hepburn, she was just way too fragile looking.  It was always hard for me to see her as an adult.  In this remake, Linus'(Harrison Ford) transformation from  total workaholic to a man who understood the need to LIVE was gradual and believable.  I saw little, if any, difference in the character as played by Bogart.  And Julia Ormond's Sabrina went convincingly from awkward teen with a major crush on the younger brother (SPOILER ALERT) to sophisticated adult who discovers real love with the older brother, Linus.  I absolutely loved the ending.  Highly recommended.
B0000029AP|4.0|Toys is Aerosmith's first big album, it is truly a classic for giving us radio staples Walk This Way and Sweet Emotion.  However, what pushes this album into greatness are the fan favorites Toys in the Attic and Big Ten Inch Record.  These are the types of tracks that keep the fans coming back for more.  The hard edge, rip rocking, strait to the jugular force that leaves you out of breath just listening to it.  Toys also ends with the forgotten yet one of their better ballads, You See Me Crying.
B000U0F7RG|2.0|ok... in few words big boxset bad individual seasons rocks...<br />--- You may skip these -----<br />First things first, individual box are a lot prettier that this Barbie like \\"collectors box\\" apparently (cause I haven't seen it other than in this pictures) there are all just booklets that looks like a 7 year old coloring book with a picture on top. personally I prefer the portraits on the dvds of every individual season rater than the color code and numeration these ones have... will i buy this box set... probably not but who knows... its a very tempting price, but since I already own the 6 separate seasons Ill probably just buy the single box set of the 7vent and last season...<br />---- Until Here ------<br /><br />So unless the super combo set includes footage not shown in normal release of the individual seasons... I wouldn't recommend it<br /><br />Now back to the title of this review... I'm very upset the way things ended in season 7... an 8th season will be too much because of the new writer's lack of creativity and you know the saying \\"It's better to burn out than to fade away\\" but still came on... ending one of the greatest series ever seen by mankind with... ... ...<br /><br />I'm SURE that you already saw the ending but still i cant comment on it because the review guidelines... man...<br />I WANT... I NEED my:<br /><br />-- In the central plaza, at a party<br /><br />I love you lorelai<br />-I love you too Luke --Kiss with tongue and everything not you pg-13 one<br />-Mom I got the job at the new york times as the head editor wuujuuu<br />-- big happy family hug, and all the towns folk gather together... and smile to the camera.<br /><br />Then they all wave to the crane camera as it pans and zooms out, fade to black... credits with a different song... kinda sad, kinda happy times, then fade to a Saturday night live style ending, every body is happy saying thanks for 7 years of companion tears in their eyes, but big smles... knowing they did a great job and a great ending to match it.<br /><br />NOW thats an ending ill like to see... Am I alone here???... Am I alone here???
B000002I4S|5.0|That is what Coltrane is on the title track of this album. At what is already a ferocious tempo Coltrane kicks into his first solo playing a double time solo where it seems every chord change has every possible note combination played. I was absolutely astonished when I first heard this. Ira Gitler used the term 'Sheets of Sound' to describe Coltrane's playing, and I'm sure it was this title track that gave him the idea. However don't misunderstand this album. This isn't the Coltrane of the mid 1960's onwards, where I do struggle to keep up with his more avant-garde playing.<br /><br />The tunes on this album are very strong. 'Naima' is a beautiful slow number that hints at the ballads record he would record a year or two later. The vastly under-rated Wynton Kelly is the only musician to play a solo on this track. Its both lyrical and subtle and leads back to Coltranes repeated theme statement. 'Mr. P.C.' is a simple minor blues that belts along. Again though unless you are die-hard traditionalist there is nothing on this track that could be considered 'difficult'.<br /><br />The other musicians are:<br />Lex Humphries, Art Taylor, Jimmy Cobb - Drums<br />Paul Chambers - Bass<br />Cedar Walton, Tommy Flanagan, Wynton Kelly - Piano<br /><br />This is essential for any Jazz collection.
1400102154|5.0|Good and prompt service. Thanks.  Extremely well read, and the amount of information that Darwin had in 1859 is incredible. However I think the introduction should have been read.
0743564170|2.0|No thanks. This book is full of psychotic, inbred half-wits. The two main characters take themselves so seriously. Not a badly-written book--just unsympathetic characters. Not a one I liked.<br /><br />Emily Bronte could pull off these characters: I don't know how she did it but she did.<br /><br />There's no time structure in this book: I had no idea of dates and ages of the characters. I had no idea what style of dress to put them in in my head. I'd put 'em in Edwardian dress and then find out I should put them in flapper gear.<br /><br />If it's modern day, how come the main character still relies on basically quill pens and carrier pigeons? I didn't like this--at least address why she doesn't use cell phones and computers. If it isn't present day, I need to know this.<br /><br />Did not finish listening. Feh.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|If you love this film, you'll love the unedited version...deepens the experience.  The VO commentary with Crowe and his mom rocks.
B0000047D5|4.0|This 1965 recording from the Oscar Peterson Trio is a mostly laid back affair. Although there are a few tracks where the virtuoso Peterson shines through, a lot of the time this is a very controlled set. However on 'Goodbye J.D.' the virtuoso Peterson reminds us just how much Piano he could play. This swings like hell and builds up a real of head steam.<br /><br />There are quite a few important Oscar Peterson albums you should buy ahead of this one. For example, if you haven't got Night Train, The Trio, Tracks or A La Salle pleyel (1975) you really shouldn't be considering this album. However this IS a fine album that any fan will want to buy, and it would serve as good starter to Oscar Peterson' great talent.<br /><br />With Oscar is one of his best ever Trios. Ray Brown is on bass and Ed Thigpen is on drums.
B000MNP2KI|5.0|I won't go into details about the actual movie (which I think is one of the best in the series), but rather the DVD set itself.  For what we're paying for movies, you'd think we would get a little more, like previous 007 releases.  I was hoping for the theatrical trailers and TV spots to be included, but they aren't.  Oh well, still worth buying if you are a fan of the series like me.  Or you can wait for the Ultimate Edition in the works.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Seeing this series featured on Oprah impressed me.  Probably the most ambitious documentary series ever made, and filled with rare eye opening footage.<br /><br />Watching this is not a passive experience, as you are drawn into, and fascinated by what you see.  In addition some of the technology used  is new.  High definition cameras, underwater cameras close up cameras filming a single ant being attacked by a parasite.  Aerial cameras making it possible to film huge migrations, and even see the strategy and teamwork of the rare African hunting dog.  Perhaps the greatest is the ultra slow motion cameras used to show the great white shark,<br /><br />Highlights for me:<br /><br /> A pride of lions hunting down an elephant in the dark.  This can only be shown on infrared cameras.<br /><br />A great white shark catching a seal in ultra slow motion, at 1/40th of actual speed.  An awesome sight to behold.<br /><br />African hunting dogs in action. These guys execute their mission with military efficiency.<br /><br />A pack of chimpanzees ambush a rival band.  A shocking attack perfectly narrated.  I forgot they were animals for a minute. Civil war is not just a human concept.<br /><br />Very rare footage of a snow leopard hunting.<br /><br />Wolves chasing caribou filmed from the air.<br /><br />A polar bear takes on a band of walruses with surprising results.  I had to look at this several times.<br /><br />People parachuting into a gaping black hole 400 meters deep.<br /><br />Penguins socializing and walking along like people chatting.<br /><br />Courtship displays of the birds of  paradise.<br /><br />Planet diaries featuring the challenges of the film makers enhances this set, and you appreciate the patience and dedication of the filmmakers, risking their sanity, and sometimes their lives filming some of these dangerous creatures.  The Planet Diaries segment about dangerous and hungry polar was eerily reminiscent of Timothy Treadwell in Grizzly Man.<br /><br />If you like this may I also recommend  Grizzly Man, and Lions and Hyenas both available on Amazon..
B000SM7QUC|5.0|Very emotional. You can feel the pain and suffering that was going on. And you can also feel the complete disregard of himself in turn.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This is the first time I can truly without hesitation and not feeling like I am using a cliche, or sound like a trite movie reveiw, use the word, \\"mesmerizing.\\"  Everything, the camera work focusing on the minutiae of food, blood and dead white bodies; the actors, especially Dexter; the sounds and sights of Miami; the voice-over from Dexter; the flashback of his childhood with his caring father, all come together in this amazing show, where you find yourself, the audience, actually cheering for a serial killer!!  Don't even start watching the first episode, unless it is a weekend, 'cause you won't be able to stop watching every episode!!
B00000J0O2|5.0|It's a Genuine sealed HP Toner Cartridge. It worked perfectly. Amazon price was much lower then any retail outlet.    Update: I've been using the same cartridge for almost a year now, and it's still going strong.
0143038419|5.0|elizabeth does a spectacular job with keeping the reader engaged, enlightened, humored and most of all, inspired! although i literally never wanted this book to end, i found myself bubbling over with life once i had finished. i have no doubt i will read it many times through out my life. if you are reading this review, your journey has brought you here for a reason : )    love!
B000RJO578|5.0|Your funny bone is broken if you don't see the humor in this movie.  It is both subtle and overt, dark and light.  This is not Shaun of the Dead 2.  I found it to be on the same level of funny and smart, except it went down a completely different path.  Each of the actors took their roles and ran with them, not a bad one in the bunch.  Really a great film.
1582701709|3.0|Leaving aside cynicism and conspiracy theories, I think the ideas in this book could have been put together better and Byrne is seriously lacking in consistency and coherency in several places.  That said, some of the basic ideas she puts across appear to be sound.    It's essentially Napoleon Hill, but muddled, and Hill wasn't completely on the money either.  (No pun intended.  Heh.)  Both authors started out with great advice on the importance of focus in accomplishing goals and meeting with success, and then veered off into the stratosphere with grandiose claims about supernatural abilities and suchlike.  Byrne is worse in this regard than Hill, who at least offered many concrete and realistic exercises for sharpening one's sense of focus and learning how to set goals for one's success.    I think what really goes on with this so-called \\"Law of Attraction\\" is simply what happens when one acquires focus and is obsessed with a particular outcome in one's life.  If you think about wanting a red car, all of a sudden you will notice every red car on the road.  It is true that some people think too much about bad things and can think themselves into bad situations, but this is mostly in the sense of a person sabotaging themselves on the job or in a personal relationship because they were so afraid of messing up that their anxiety spilled into their interactions with other people.  (Been there, done that!)  You can't just sit around thinking a thought, however, and call down bad things upon yourself.  Nobody exists in a vacuum.    Byrne is spot on, however, with encouraging her readers to focus strongly on the outcomes they want in life rather than focusing on what they don't want.  Anyone who's been reasonably successful in their lives--good parents, or athletes, or rock stars, or famous scientists--will tell you they live and breathe what makes them passionate, and they care more about what they WANT to do than what they do NOT want to do.  If this book gets more people thinking in that direction, it's all to the good.  But I would not limit myself to this book if I wanted to learn more about achieving my full potential in life.  Again, other authors are at least as helpful if not more so, even Napoleon Hill.
B00005JLKB|5.0|If you aren't a fan of Superman, after you watch this series, you will be. Smallville has the right mix of action and drama, with a good share of twists along the way. It has been said a hundred times, and the same goes for me. At first, I thought that this series was going to be some TV series that wouldn't honor Superman at all, but I was wrong big time. Watching the series, you can't but get pulled in to the story each episode.<br /><br />Tom Welling is an excellent choice to play as the young Clark Kent. Everyone does justice to each of their characters and play them beautifully. Overall, if you love comics and are a super hero fan in general, watch this season. If you're not a fan of comics, there is enough drama in the great writing to get you hooked just as much. This is just a great TV series, period!
B000002INR|5.0|i went n2 this shop thats sells rock cassettes back in 90, anyway it was the 2nd time that i go to that shop the 1st time i found that shop was when i bought GnfR appetite, the 2nd visit to that shop i found this cd with Dr Feelgood, so i went home happy that i found more rock banks i liked the cover so i bought the lp, i was just 14 yrs :) so i went home gave Gnfr some timeout and played this album .. bang it gAVE ME a headach this means this is the album that i should play it LOUD which i did i still get the same pain in my ears when i play this cd this a most to every metal head on Gods green earth. yrs later i still enjoy this cd from start to end and i never felt that this music is dated \m/
B000MNP2KI|2.0|It's hard to give a movie a bad review when there are certain elements of it that you genuinely like and admire, but Casino Royale is just plain asking for it.  Yes, Daniel Craig does an excellent job portraying a darker, grittier, more cynical James Bond that we're used to.  And yes, the first half of the movie is entertaining (if you'll suspend your disbelief during the truly absurd chase scene at the beginning).  But then, things rapidly fall apart.    How many movies have we seen now in which the hero's only recourse is to engage his arch-nemesis in a pulse-pounding... er, poker game?  And how many times are we going to be handed a villain who is supposed to be a poker-master, yet displays incredibly obvious \\"tells\\" (aka physical giveaways of the kind of hand he or she is holding)?      And as for the last twenty minutes of this movie, to call them predictable would be, well, predictable.  The problem is that the movie-makers simply don't understand their own character.  Suddenly, they change gears and make Craig's raw, gritty, cynical Bond behave like a lovesick teenager.  Which ends exactly how you'd expect it to end.    Oh, and one more thing...  I'm pretty sure Bond's cell phone should have been listed as a character in the movie, since an absurd amount of time is spent showing close-ups of who Bond is calling, who Bond is texting, etc.  I don't care if the hero is texting Jesus Christ or Satan; it's absolutely impossible for text-messaging to be dramatic!
B00005JKQ6|5.0|The Swimmer is one of the finest films I've ever seen. I first saw it by accident on late-nite tv years ago and it reduced me to tears at the end; I've watched it over many times since then and I still greatly admire its phenomenal lyricism and emotional power. I especially like the way some of the scenes are so delicately and ambiguously done that you can't say for sure whether what you see is what really happens or merely what the hero is imagining. The film is infinitely better than the lacklustre Cheever story on which it is based, one of the few cases of a movie actually being better than the literary work that inspired it. A singularly great and moving film, very tragic but in a wonderful way.
075640407X|5.0|I recently gave a good book a 5 out of 5 star rating.  After reading THE NAME OF THE WIND I realized that I've been too liberal with my reviews.  WIND blows the doors off of anything I've read in the last five years.<br /><br />This book is fantastic!  I put it down and realized that it has been some time since I've read something that is truly exceptional; something that is totally engrossing that I will read over and over again.  Well, WIND is that book.<br /><br />I don't know if a book can be smooth, but if so, WIND is it.  Rothfuss slowly builds interest and tension.  Nothing in WIND feels artificial or manufactured solely to elicit a response from the reader (e.g., graphic violence, sex, language, etc.).<br /><br />The hero, Kvothe, tells his story from a first person perspective.  His is the story of his life.  The reader will come to understand how a hero is made, what has shaped him, and how he earned his renown.  But Kvothe's is not merely a history, but is a story still in the making.<br /><br />If you are leery of beginning a new series because you will have to wait many years for its completion, then take heart.  Rothfuss has already completed the KINGKILLER CHRONICLE.  He states that we will have all three books within the next two years.  (Not bad considering the trend in fantasy these days -- I'm looking at you GRRM).<br /><br />WIND is already one of my favorite books.  Buy it, read it, spread the word.  Rothfuss is the real deal.
B0002Z0EYK|1.0|Troy was a big disappointment; imagine what a real director like Peter Jackson would have made of it! Instead, we get a film that shows no respect for the story of the Trojan War; indeed, the script made so many unnecessary and unaccountable changes to the canonical story that I found myself seriously wondering if maybe the Trojans were going to win!!! The stark tragedy of the Iliad wasn't captured, and the climactic confrontation between Achilles and Priam was poorly done. They did have some really nice-looking reproductions of ancient jewelry, and the movie also puts the lie to any rumor that Brad is a real actor, but other than that...
B00003CXZ4|5.0|The first time I watched this movie, I have to admit that I was MAD! When the movie ended, I felt like I didn't know anymore about the movie than I had when I first put it in the machine. So, I kept watching it over and over and I was suprised at how it seemed everytime I watched it, I learned something I hadn't caught before. That is ultimately what made me like the movie, despite my first impression.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|From the cool box design to the extra bonus features, this collector's edition is extra special! I liked the original commentary with Joss Whedon (which is still on here as well), but the new one with Joss, Nathan Fillian, Adam Baldwin, Summer Glau and Ron Glass is even better! Released yesterday and already a Bestseller? What more reason do you need to buy it?
B0001FR3IQ|4.0|Gothika produced by  \\"Dark Castle\\" was really quite good. Plot with twists and turns and an ending that was remarkably not what I expected. I like those type of thrillers.  This movie actually frightened me, not in a \\"punch in your face way,\\" but a mild, creepy, gets into your head kind of way.Plus, it actually features a for once good performance from Halle Berry (without make-up--YES)<br />Fantastic cinematography, good use of light to scare you, and a range of actors that are all quirky and have their own agendas.<br />Dutton, Downey Jr. Cruz, Bernard Hill-all great.
B00005JMXX|1.0|This is the biggest piece of balderdash I've seen in a while. Environmentalists and climatologists everywhere must be having severe cases of mental diarrhea due to embarrassment from this remarkably absurd rip-off of scientific theories.  It makes Night of the Living Dead look like science fact.  I suppose if I had seen it on a huge screen the visuals might have been impressive but on a TV screen - forget it.  The only thing that saves this loony tune waste is the always exceptional performance of Jake Gyllenhaal.  In fact, I suspect the only people who should buy this DVD are die-hard Gyllenhaal fans and folks who think it might someday become one of those \\"its so bad its good\\" cult films.  Otherwise, don't waste your money or your time.
B000PKG7TI|5.0|First off, I'm not the biggest fan of Nightwish. Speaking in general, I can do without all of the \\"operatic approach\\" to their music. I'm much more of a METALHEAD so to speak, and I don't usually listen to bands that base their music around that \\"welcome to the opera\\" feel like Nightwish...     That being said, it was very difficult for me to get into Nightwish upon first listen a couple of years back. I was already a very big Lacuna Coil fan at the tinme, but these are two totally different bands, with different sounds / styles / and all around talents. You simply can't / shouldn't compare the two. Needless to say, I found Nightwish to be too opera oriented for my everyday listening....     Now onto this review....     I was completely blown away with this live performance. Nightwish is without question one of the tightest, most impressive live acts I've seen on DVD in quite some time. These are extremely complex songs to perform, and I couldn't have been more impressed with this purchace....     I was never a big Nightwish fan, but after seeing this incredible live performance, I have a lot more respect for this band. They are truly something special in a live setting, and even if you're like me and don't care for the opera feel to the music, I'm sure you'll still embrace \\"End Of An Era\\" with open arms after watching it for yourself....     5 STAR PERFORMANCE / BUY WITH CONFIDENCE!!!!
B000PMGS8G|5.0|I love this movie something awful.  It's such a guilty pleasure, but for all the right reasons.  It was intentionally meant to be campy and, therefore, it never takes itself too seriously and you never feel bad for having such a great time.  Tongue is firmly planted in cheek here and everyone just has a ball, including the viewer.  The design is serious eye candy, with primary colors and massive costumes and set pieces hogging up the screen with just enough bling to make it all sparkle.  Max von Sydow, a brilliant actor, hams it up beautifully as Ming the Merciless and everyone else, from Sam Jones to Topol and Timothy Dalton (pre-007) serving it up high style.  To top it all off, you have a score performed by Queen and some really skimpy outfits slithering around the body of ultra-hottie, Ornella Muti (Princess Aura...even the name is too great for words.  Where's Prince Chakra?).  It's just too fun for words.  I can't comment on this product per say, as I haven't see this transfer, but the movie is a must see for anyone interested in sci-fi, comedy and comic books or just plain old, innocent fun.  There's nothing gratuitous here; neither the violence (what very little there is) nor the sex-appeal of the leads.  This is a reactionary film if ever there was one and I mean that as a very sincere compliment.   Tim Burton should try his hand at a remake, because if anyone can take this film and re-work into something even more over the top, yet totally credible, it's him.
B000NQRR1Q|5.0|If you are looking for satanic horror and gore or a rollercoaster action film, this is not the film for you.  On the other hand, if you liked Angel Heart, this film fits nicely in that genre.  Ninth Gate features excellent acting, direction and music, as well as a subtle and tight storyline that is very well crafted - driven by mood and imagery as much as plot.  The are also some scenes in this movie that amazingly well-done and are, alone, worth the price of admission.  There have been some negative reviews - but they seemed to have missed the point of the film or expected a more obvious and pandering approach to cinema and  storytelling.
B0007XT7V8|3.0|Which doesn't make Gasoline bad.  It's just that TOAD's debut was that good!  Gasoline is much more radio friendly than the debut.  More of a straight ahead rock sound and approach to the music.  To me the music doesn't stand out in the same way the debut did.  The edge, dark vibe, down tuned guitars & deep vocals gave TOAD's debut such an original sound.  Minus the vocals, that's gone on Gasoline.  Gasoline tends to blend in with many other bands out today.  So if a more radio friendly TOAD is appealing to you than Gasoline is right up your alley.  If you're a fan of the edge the debut had, Gasoline has a few standouts that still make this a worthwhile purchase.  Hating Hollywood, Quiver, Say Goodbye, Me and My Girl.  All of these are really good tunes.  But along with that you get \\"No Surprise\\".  Which happens to be the most annoying track on this disc.  It makes you want to \\"Snap your Fingers\\" and start \\"Skipping Along to a Happy Beat\\".  What the heck was that about?!  Was that song made for \\"American Bandstand\\"?  Was Dick Clark involved?  I long for edgey songs like \\"Invisible Man\\" from the debut.  Minus that tune, this is still a descent straight ahead rock CD.  You can't go wrong with Tyler's powerful vocals.  I think a major part of the sound change probably comes from the production by Howard Benson.  It just doesn't fit as well as what Chad Kroeger and TOAD were able to accomplish previously.  If you like Nickelback, Default, Alterbridge and Shinedown this will fit into your collection.  It just won't standout in front.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|Lynch has done it again! Another warped film, that is utterly amazing. This is really difficult to actually review. There is just so much here, and the way it is done, just done so well. Much like Lost Highway and Mulholland Dr. this has the same kind of thing, characters, becoming different people. You know the drill. David Lynch has done this in such a way that you can decide for yourself what is going on, the clues are there. I don't think there is a right or wrong answer. I was amazed, this is a three hour film, not once did it drag, it actually felt like a 90min film and I wanted so much more. Laura Dern is this movie, she simply puts on a career best performance. I know this film will be hated, it is not for those who want things handed to them gift wrapped. This is a film that makes you think, like trying to solve a mystery. That is the beauty of Lynch's work, he makes you think, he forces you to use your head, to think, to find answers. Quite simply, I love you David Lynch!
1582701709|3.0|This book is great, don't get me wrong...I just think the DVD is better!<br />Only purchase this book if you have NO plans of watching the movie.
B000OLGCHA|1.0|After John Williams brilliant work on the first three Potter movies, and a rather average work of Patrick Doyle on \\"Goblet\\", Hoopers contribution is by far the worst Potter score, which accomplishes to make an average movie even worse.    I wonder how a composer like Hooper could get hired on a big size project like this. Hooper completely lacks of any melodic or thematic development, the score consists more of open strings tremolos and some rather poor efforts to build up dramatic progression than \\"magical music\\", which cant be compared to any bar of music John Willams has ever written in his entire life.    It seems like if whenever Harper finds some average motive he can use he keeps on repeating it forever (The Dumbledore Army scene is a pain in the ear, as well as the little \\"theme\\" he put in for Umbridge)    There are many unintended comical moments, which made me burst out in a good laugh, Hooper uses different musical elements in a way which rather create a sound like it would be the right music for a Laurel and Hardy remake, the Teletubbies or a british documentary on migratory birds.    Patrick Doyle already achieved to ruin the Harry Potter Theme, but what Harper did as just a shame.    Warner Bros wasted money on producing this score, so do not waste your money on this CD. Avoid it at any cost.
B000R7HY0K|3.0|Having seen the entire Tarantino release that coupled Planet Terror with Death Proof, spliced together by some really good \\"fake\\" trailers, it is a shame that the studios are going for the dollars rather than releasing the Grindhouse Experience as a whole, on one single DVD. Rather than shelling out, say, an extra $5.00, the consumers are expected to shell out $40.00 for both pics. Due to this strategy, I believe I will pass on this purchase altogether.
1591841666|1.0|I hadn't read any of Seth Godin's other books but to be honest, after reading this one I don't think I will.  As an entreprenuer, I was anxious to read this book to see what hidden secrets Seth uncovered, but was disappointed to find a confusing and extremely repetitive text.  One of the other comments on Amazon got it right - how it is possible to have so little useful information in such a little book.  I would highly recommend the 4 Hour Work Week in place of this one.
B000003TAR|4.0|From the opening chords of \\"Serve the Servants\\", you can tell that this will be a bitter, angry record.  It became very tough for these guys to deal with the fame they gained from \\"nevermind\\", and it is reflected in the lyrics.   They succeed in creating many more classic songs that will be enjoyed for generations. \\"Serve the Servants\\", \\"Heart-Shaped Box\\", \\"Rape Me\\", \\"Dumb\\", and \\"All Apologies\\" make this album great. Many believe this album to be superior to Nevermind, but to me, the songs on Nevermind are much more accessible and flat out rocking than this album. This is still an essential album from the 90s, and anyone who loves good rock music should add this album to their collection. In fact, you really can't go wrong with any Nirvana, even the MTV Unplugged, From the Muddy Banks of the Wishka (Live album), and their b-sides album, Incesticide. If you like current bands like Future Leaders of the World, or Puddle of Mudd, you need to get familiar with Nirvana, because they influenced those new bands a lot.
B00005Y23E|5.0|This brotha' along with the likes of \\"Curtis Mayfield, and Gil Scot Heron\\" is one of the most politically gifted music artist of our time.  He sung and spoke with such passion in his music far as the injustices of the world went. He sung of equality and peace amongst everyone.  This best of compilation is definitely worth having, even if you are not a reggae fan of music.  The songs on here will touch your spirit in ways imaginable. Bob Marley was a true genuis in his own right.
B00004VXF2|5.0|Maybe when you eat split-pea soup, you think, ennhh, it's kind of bland. Well, sad sir or Sue, that's because your taste buds are eroded by trans fats and cigarette smoke. This is like the challenging subtleties in fine wine. Or the tiniest hint of mint in your turtle poop cheese. Nevertheless, your palette, if you choose to allow it, will be painted in colors beyond the rainbow and outside even Ben and Jerry's ken. For these mesmerizing layers of feedback are dense and many, nougaty rich, humming determinedly like a bee in a sack. Lou Reed does things that no other man would even dare to even think about. He sparked the whole indie movement and even Miles Davis used to write in his diary how jealous he was of Lou.
0449227421|3.0|The basic theme of this book has to do with genetic engineering that was secretly conducted many years ago.  What initially appears to be a case of twins born to different mothers, turns out to be something else altogether. Genetic researcher, Dr. Jeannie Ferrami, is conducting a study on twins. This brings her into contact with law student, Steve Logan, who is his parents' only child and surprised to have been asked to participate in this study involving twins.<br /><br />When a heinous crime occurs at the University where Dr. Ferrami works, Steve finds himself accused of the crime, although he claims that is innocent. When DNA results, rather than exonerate him, confirm that he is, indeed, the culprit, he is shocked.  The only answer is that he has a secret twin of whom both he and his parents have been unaware.<br /><br />As Steve and Dr. Ferrami are thrust into this genetic mystery, they find themselves beleaguered by forces that will stop at nothing to prevent them from discovering the secret that has lain dormant from prying eyes for so many years. It is a secret for which those at the pinnacle of power will kill in order to keep it under wraps.<br /><br />This is a moderately entertaining novel but not one of this author's better efforts.  Thematically provocative, it is a fast-paced, though predictable, plot driven book. It fails, however, in its execution, as the characters are unsympathetic and two dimensional, hampered by stilted dialogue that is sometimes laughable.
B00004RFFS|5.0|Christian Slater is so hot. Those eyebrows make me feel nasty in a good way. No wait, can I take that back? I forgot Tom Cruise was in this movie. He plays that cute blonde with the long, flowing curls. Rapunzel, eat your heart out! I just wish she'd get some sun and take care of that varicose-of-the-face disorder. Not that I'm saying there's anything wrong with you just cuz you suffer from some disgusting disease. But back to the blonde, and this is my only gripe: Couldn't they have just filmed all her scenes after she recovered from the pneumonia or whatever respiratory condition had made her sound like a butch mule? Unless it's a permanent condition, in which case, again, I do not advocate the exploitation of inferior humans. But let's not forget Antonio. What a dreamluxuryliner! When he broods like -- wait, did any of you see the pilot for \\"The 4400?\\" Where the high school chick who wants to bone the abductee gives him a CD of music he missed while he was gone from 2001-2004 and one of the bands is Killing Joke? What was that all about?
B000JIHP88|4.0|This mobile is pretty impressive.  I loved how easy it was to put together and it attaches to the crib very easily!  The leaves move and I think that is way cool, however I was a little disappointed in the sound quality of the music.  The rainforest sounds are great though and I love the remote...how convenient!  Also, the whole thing is pretty large and rather cumbersome, but since it comes apart pretty easily it shouldn't be too much of a problem to store.  All in all though we were pretty pleased with this purchase.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|Having been a Disney fan all my life, I always look forward to new releases.  With the Success of High School Musical I wondered how they could top this production.  They did though.  HSM2 is thoroughly enjoyable with great acting by all the cast and the musical numbers are out of this world.  The energy exibited along with the fun they seemed to have during the production made it even more enjoyable.  It is a fantastic production and I recommend it for anybody who enjoys Disney.  This is sure to become a classic.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|I loved the movie i love new features on this 2 disc edition i really loved the cast commentary and the few new extended scenes.  i like how it is package its like nothing i have seen before.  i wish they would make a second movie so we can see what joss said in the commentary.  i want to know about book's past.  my only problem with this edition is the fact that we didn't get what some of the other countries got like the joss interview and i know i can see it online but its not the same.
B000PY52EU|2.0|I rented this one thinking it was a \\"blues\\" flick.  It was, in a way...  I liked the soundtrack a lot, some pretty sweet blues.  The acting (even Justin TimberFlake!) was decent (esp. Ricci, Jackson, the guy who played the preacher, and the lady from \\"Law and Order\\"), and it was a hoot seeing Jackson perform a really nasty, dirty version of \\"Stagolee\\", but these pluses were far outweighed by things like a fairly incomprehensible story, graphic depictions of Ricci engaging in what I think amounts to bestiality, pretty crappy dialog and sloppy direction.  I suppose it's worth viewing once, especially if you dig blues music, but I wouldn't recommend going out and buying this one \\"sight unseen\\".
B000SQFC0E|5.0|I have no intention of doing away with my dvd collection in favor of buying all those titles again with HD DVD or BluRay discs, but a few dvd's in the collection are worth replacing, and this is one of them. With so much in this movie that is completely cheesy (the scene where the robot clone becomes Alex, covered in some kind of cosmic snot no less, as a case in point), there is still an 80's magic that tugs at my heart and makes me want to share it with the 4 kids I have now. It's a simple story, told before in many different ways in a bevy of genres, with special effects that could have been done on a Mac (it seems like to me)--but I think it is that simplicity in an old fashioned hero's story that makes it attractive as a movie to share with my tweens (if only they can get over themselves and just accept the movie for what it was and is--a reflection of times gone by). I hope they like it as much as I did, even though the bass from the subs in the pickup of Alex's buddy in once scene must be from good ole Spark-O-Matic 5 X 9's instead of the 18\\" subs the kids are putting in their spare tire sections of their cars today!
B000QXDEDG|5.0|Sweet... I like gladiator flicks (remember the old Italian \\"Hercules\\" and \\"Machiste\\" films?), and I like Frank Miller's work.    Lots of gory violence, lots of pecs and sixpacks, lots of freaky creatures, lots of bizarre characters, a couple of hot babes, pretty much a winner all around.  Okay, it's not for the squeamish, it's not exactly historically accurate, but it's a lot of fun, and is beautifully filmed in these odd sepia tones that I think add a lot to the film.  Frank Miller is one of the great graphic artists of our time, and so far the cinematic adaptations of his work (\\"Sin City\\" and this one) have been right on the money.  I hope we see many more.  A note on this edition... there's not much in the way of \\"extras\\", but I'll trade extras all day long for a \\"fullscreen\\" edition, since I hate that lame \\"widescreen\\" format.  I guess I'm just old school.  In short, a great, chest-thumping MAN movie that I really enjoyed.
B00005JLCI|1.0|Sad to say, this is a very bad Hamlet and a very bad film:  badly-directed, badly-designed, badly-shot, badly-staged, and worst of all badly-acted.  Branagh is a ranting child, Derek Jacobi effete and spinsterish, Horatio a pill, Laertes an unsightly runt, Charlton Heston inappropriately granitic (the First Player is supposed to be an emotive actor, remember?), Polonius neither funny nor formidable, Jack Lemmon an embarrassment, Billy Crystal ditto, Kate Winslet all gush and baby-fat, Julie Christie merely decorative, etc., etc.  The obvious under-budgeting doesn't help:  the sets are tacky (that graveyard!), the process shots appalling, and much of the action is confined to a Hall of Mirrors, probably the single most inflexible set ever designed for a production of Hamlet.  As director, Branagh uses every trick in the book to hold our presumably flagging attentions:  pointlessly swirling camera movements, equally pointless flashbacks and insets (Priam and Hecuba?), playing Patrick Doyle's oppressive score almost constantly over the dialogue.  As actor, his performance is trivial when it isn't grating.  Deficient in physical presence, intellectual heft and emotional complexity, he races through his lines till their sense becomes garbled and sometimes resorts to a screaming mode for which he hasn't the voice.  In brief, he plays Hamlet as an ordinary young man who's gotten in a little over his head, which is a poor description of Hamlet but a spot-on description of Branagh.
B000QQH4YS|5.0|This is an excellent set, but do not buy in Canada.  Disc 2 is flawed. There are 2 disc 1's in the set.  The artwork is correct, so you may be fooled, but there is NO uncut version. I noticed Amazon.ca has a 4 to 6 week delay when you order from them.  Discs were made in Canada, so all American versions should be O.K.    ON THE GOOD SIDE IF YOU BOUGHT IN THE U.S.,  The video IS remastered and DTS on the uncut as well. If you have the correct set, this is the ultimate Robocop.  5 stars for the coreect version!  Now I can't wait for Commando Dir. Cut in September
0440238609|3.0|Pullman is a pretty engaging writer, and I like this enough to reread it, but I think I've figured out why His Dark Materials doesn't grab me the way some other  books in the broad fantasy genre do. To make an imaginary world--especially one so far from everyday experience as that of HDM--real to the reader, the author must describe, describe, describe. The old dictum \\"show, don't tell\\" applies here. You'll notice that in the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings, Lewis' Narnia series, etc., the authors describe everything. This is what draws the reader in, and pretty much distinguishes a classic from a merely competent, mediocre, or downright bad work.    Pullman belongs in the competent, even good, category, but not classic. One example of why: the daemons. If this were J.K. Rowling or the others I've mentioned, you would actually see them. For example, how do they move? Do they follow their \\"owner\\" on the ground, float in the air, or sit on his/her shoulder? Do they look like real animals, or are they some kind of ethereal being? It's never clear. As a result, it's hard for the reader to imagine them except in a cartoonish way. There are other examples... I'll be interested to see what the upcoming feature film does with all this. It may turn out to be one of the rare instances where the movie is better than the book. Pullman is certainly an imaginative author, and the concepts are--as we used to say--mind-blowing.
B000VAPZM2|3.0|I  watched the premiere on the Disney Channel. It was OK, but I prefer the first one. The biggest problem I had is with the music numbers. For the most part, they seemed overproduced. When I watch a musical, I don't like to hear a soloist with their own voice as a backup vocal. It felt more like a vehicle for a pop album (a big music video)than it did a musical.    The only exception would be the \\"I Don't Dance\\" number. I loved that one, and it felt more in the style of a musical.
B00000272N|5.0|Alice in Chains's 1990 debut album \\"Facelift\\" is no doubt one of my favorite albums of all time, and it was also my very first Alice in Chains album I ever bought. I bought this album 5 years ago, and it quickly changed my life forever, and I became a huge fan instantly. Even though I do enjoy other grunge bands such as Soundgarden, Pearl Jam, etc, but Alice in Chains are way better in my book. Layne Staley's vocals are just amazing on here ranging from powerful melodic singing to aggressive snarls. Jerry Cantrell is a very talented guitarist and also one of my all time favorite guitarists as well. His hard hitting riffs and dazzling solos are guaranteed to make you smile in delight, and he also delivers great backing vocals too (listen to him trade off vocals with Layne on \\"Sea of Sorrow\\"). Michael Starr's bass lines are audible, jazzy, and dark. Sean Kinney's drumming is very good as well going from emotionally slow to fast and hard hitting. Every song on \\"Facelift\\" is a classic, from the aggressive opener \\"We Die Young\\" with it's aggressive razor sharp riffs from Jerry and rocking drum beat as well as Layne's snarling vocals, to \\"Man in a Box\\" which is no doubt one of the band's all time best songs with it's hard hitting opening main riff. This was also the first Alice in Chains song I ever heard prior to getting this album. We also got an addicting mid tempo rocker \\"Sea of Sorrow\\" which I mentioned earlier that Layne and Jerry trade off vocals during the chorus which is very catchy and fun to sing along to, as well as the ballad \\"Bleed The Freak\\" in which Layne does some nice singing. Other favorites include \\"Love, Hate, Love\\", \\"Put You Down\\", \\"I Know Somethin (Bout You) (which features some nice opening guitar licks and nice jazzy bass lines), and \\"Real Thing\\". Each song on here has it's great moments believe me. Please read for my song ratings.<br />Jeremy's song ratings:<br />1. We Die Young (2:32) - 5/5<br />2. Man in the Box (4:46) - 5/5<br />3. Sea of Sorrow (5:49) - 5/5<br />4. Bleed the Freak (4:01) - 5/5<br />5. I Can't Remember (3:42) - 5/5<br />6. Love, Hate, Love (6:27) - 5/5<br />7. It Ain't Like That (4:37) - 5/5<br />8. Sunshine (4:44) - 5/5<br />9. Put You Down (3:16) - 5/5<br />10. Confusion (5:44) - 5/5<br />11. I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:21) - 5/5<br />12. Real Thing (4:03) - 5/5<br /><br />Every song gets a 5 out of 5.<br /><br />If you're a fan of Alice in Chains, grunge, rock, metal, or just good music in general, I strongly suggest you go out and buy this classic album ASAP. I guarantee you it will change your life forever like it did mine, well enjoy!!<br /><br />REST IN PEACE LAYNE STAYLEY!!4. Bleed the Freak (4:01) - 5/5  5. I Can't Remember (3:42) - 5/5  6. Love, Hate, Love (6:27) - 5/5  7. It Ain't Like That (4:37) - 5/5  8. Sunshine (4:44) - 5/5  9. Put You Down (3:16) - 5/5  10. Confusion (5:44) - 5/5  11. I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:21) - 5/5  12. Real Thing (4:03) - 5/5    Every song gets a 5 out of 5.    If you're a fan of Alice in Chains, grunge, rock, metal, or just good music in general, I strongly suggest you go out and buy this classic album ASAP. I guarantee you it will change your life forever like it did mine, well enjoy!!    REST IN PEACE LAYNE STAYLEY!!
B000002MP2|4.0|It feels a little weird reviewing this album. See, back in middle school, Dookie was practically a religious artifact for me. I probably played my copy a good solid three or four times a day, thrilling to ever last note of the thing. In my mind, there was no better pop songwriter than Billie Joe Armstrong, no drummer more forceful than Tre Cool, no bassist with more rhythmic ferocity than Mike Dirnt. I also loved Armstrong's nasal voice and brutally simple guitar playing (nothin' but power chords, baby!). I loved their music because it was fun, it was catchy, and the lyrics spoke to my whiney, angst-ridden 8th-grade self. I was a shy, awkward, apathetic, socially backwards kid, so it's natural that I appreciated an album full of songs about alienation, anger (the good, passive-aggressive kind), detachment, the paralyzing inability to talk to girls, and of course, the two-edged sword that is masturbation. Armstrong's tongue-in-cheek sense of humor spoke to my ever-present sarcastic side. Songs like \\"In the End\\" and \\"Chump\\" spoke to my irritation at my crushes and their abysmal taste in boyfriends, \\"Basket Case\\" made me feel like the hilarious weirdo that I'd always wanted to be, \\"Welcome to Paradise\\" taught me how to sing along to a rockin' chorus, and \\"Burnout\\" taught me that it was okay not to care about anything.     And then I grew up. I discovered more \\"mature\\" music. I did as I was expected and grew out of my old Green Day albums, and moved on to the Rolling Stones, the Beatles, Bob Dylan, and so on. I learned that Green Day had been copping their sound from innovators like the Ramones and the Sex Pistols and the Clash and the Buzzcocks (with a bit of the Who thrown in for good measure). In short, I learned that Dookie isn't the greatest album of all time. Not even close. Green Day's brand of pop punk has been done much better elsewhere (for proof, check out the Buzzcocks' Singles Going Steady, the Ramones' first three albums, or the Clash's debut). Dookie doesn't really bring anything new to the mix- everything from the album's simple three-chord musical formula to the angst `n' sophomoric humor laden lyrics is a direct throwback to the 70s. Aside from that, some of these songs have simply lost their power over me: \\"Emenius Sleeps\\" is ultra-generic 90s style rock, and \\"Pulling Teeth\\" is a dull (if nicely amped-up) power ballad with an incredibly irritating vocal. I could also do without the high-speed but bland \\"In the End.\\"     But seriously, in spite of all that, I still like Dookie. It has nothing to do with nostalgia; I have too many unpleasant memories to be nostalgic about my middle school days, anyway. I think that this is a good album because it really does rock- I mean, Green Day may just be copying the best of punk's glory days, but they do it really well. Billie Joe's guitar is forceful, blunt, and full of electrified, bouncing-off-the-walls energy, and Mike's bass lines are incredibly exciting. Plus, Tre really is a hell of a drummer. He may not be Keith Moon (from the Who. Listen to \\"Happy Jack\\"), but he does know how to smash those skins. Just listen to those spring-loaded mini drum solos that he unleashes in \\"Burnout!\\" They're so exciting. And there really is genuine emotion in the lyrics- \\"Coming Clean\\" captures the pains and harrows of self-honesty with an almost poetic eye (\\"I've found out what it takes to be a man/ And Mom and Dad will never understand\\"), while \\"Welcome to Paradise\\" is wonderfully wrought story of alienation and self-dependence, and \\"Having A Blast\\" demonstrates Armstrong's knack for dark humor and excellent word choice (I mean seriously, how many \\"middle school\\" bands were writing songs from the perspective of suicide bombers?).     So, in other words, I like Dookie because it's fun, it's catchy, and the lyrics speak to my whiney, angst-ridden college freshman self. I guess some things never change.
1587264013|4.0|This is a heartwarming tale of four sisters growing up in their mother's house in (I believe) New England. We follow the girls through their teens and into marriage and (in some cases) motherhood. Obviously intended mainly for young women, this is not a book to buy for your brother or boyfriend. It is, however, a fascinating look at life in another era, before everything got complicated. I was just as devastated as any of the characters were when tragedy struck. This novel is followed by Little Men, in which Jo and her new husband open a home for runaway boys, and Good Wives, in which the sisters are all grown up and married. You won't regret taking a trip back in time and watching the girls fall in love, lean on each other and learn what life is about
B0000DZ3DR|5.0|\\"So Rebellious a Lover\\" is an album that comes along only a few times in a lifetime. It represents a true moment of inspiration for Gene Clark and Carla Olson. Clark was a founding member of The Byrds, whose career had been on the skids for several years when his manager suggested he team up with Olson, a little-known singer/musician/songwriter from the Textones. The resulting collaboration, \\"So Rebellious a Lover\\", is considered by some to be the genesis of the alt-country movement (along with Gram Parsons' two studio albums). If true, I can certainly understand the interest that this movement generated.<br /><br />Clark and Olson's voices seem to merge and weave as if they've sung together together for a lifetime. Instrumental accompaniment is wisely kept to a minimum, allowing the voices and songs to shine.<br /><br />And what songs they are. Highlights of this gem include: \\"Gypsy Rider\\", a slow, country-folk number, with a haunting Parsons vocal; \\"Fair & Tender Ladies\\", a traditional folk song turned inside-out, resulting in a light country number, with gorgeous harmonies from Olson; and \\"Deportee\\", a Woody Guthrie song, sung primarily by Olson, with Parsons shining on harmonies.<br /><br />\\"So Rebellious a Lover\\" manages to avoid the pitfalls of many country-folk CDs. The album never sounds too traditional or too modern; rather, it occupies a comfortable middle-ground, allowing its quality and the chemistry between Gene Clark and Carla Olson to shine through.
0312954468|5.0|A friend gave me a copy of Elephant Song when I was a teenager, and I was immediately hooked on Wilbur Smith. I bought River God when it first came out, ostensibly to do a book report in my grade 12 English class when I started going to night school. But I really just wanted to read the book.    This is the first book in the Egyptian trilogy, and, in my opinion, the best of the three. While all three are excellent novels, River God shines. I fell in love with Lostris, Taita, Tanus... These characters really came alive for me and I missed them horribly once I had finished reading the book. While these characters are featured in the other two books as well (The Seventh Scroll and Warlock), they're not as vivid or as real in the latter volumes.    Taita is a politician, economist, chemist, physician, servant, and mentor in his various guises throughout the book. It's impossible to dislike him. The rich descriptions of Egyptian culture, art, and costume are breathtaking, and I also learned a lot about their strategies, agriculture and politics.     I would definitely recommend River God to fans of historical fiction, adventure, and mysteries.
0618154248|3.0|These books are fine.  My son loves his Curious George's Are You Curious board book and so I bought him these, thinking he would really like them.  They are okay but don't really attract his attention.  He has other board books he likes much better (Dear Zoo, for example, is another of his favorites in case you are looking for a great, less common book) and so these are collecting dust on his shelf.
0593055063|5.0|I have read some reviews recently that skewered this book and set it over the flames to roast. I'm not sure I understand the vitriol or criticism Dan Brown's writing tends to attract.     I picked up Digital Fortress on a whim, and I'm very glad I did. Heart-pounding, non-stop action and excitement, more unexpected turns and twists than the back streets of Rome, and a fantastic puzzle I was quite happy to have solved before the \\"experts\\" in the book (a rare feat for me).    I found Dan Brown's writing style to be very pleasant. I didn't mind the short half-page \\"chapters\\" that sometimes appeared in climactic sections of the book, and I'm quite pleased with the overall experience I had reading this book. I suppose some of the more scholarly in Brown's audience may feel cheated or insulted at some of the liberties Mr. Brown took in the more technical aspects of the story, but I don't tend to be quite so demanding.     All in all, a fantastic read, one I wouldn't mind repeating. 9/10
B000QFCD2W|5.0|I personally found this new KD recording after one listen to be solid, no filler and true METAL (as he always did). Some of KING's previous releases left me feeling \\"MEH\\" but this one does not disappoint at all.     TRACK #1 is just some spooky intro like KING usually starts at the beginning of every album of his but TRACK #2 is a powerful and solid opener. My favorite is the last track entitled \\"MOVING ON\\" which offers melody and atmosphere. This album was pretty steady throughout from beginning to end with power and melody, excellent guitar work.    If you have always been a KD fan since the 80's, you should not be disappointed.
0060775858|5.0|A friend bought me this book when I was expecting my first child. Opening it up, I began to feel deprived that it had never been read to me as a child! Both my children adore this book, with its simple rhymes and whimsical images. My daughter especially likes the \\"good night, mush\\" bit, and recites along with me. This classic should be found on every child's bookshelf. Parents will enjoy this sweet bedtime story as much as their children will.
032147404X|3.0|The book is written for people who do not want to know about the technical details of taking good pictures but rather want to know some pracitcal examples of how it is done.  This book does not teach theory or help provide an underlying knowledge of photography or the principals that go into taking great pictures.<br /><br />However it does help get your feet wet.  It does give you a few pointers.  In fact it does exactly what it says it will, and that is talk to you as if you were a friend asking for tips.  It is more of a tip book than a guide on taking great photos.  But it does teach through use of tips some of the basics and even some of the more advanced techniques used by seasoned experienced photographers.<br /><br />I recommend to anyone who is not looking for technical detail but rather for a simple to understand easy to read tip filled story about what he would do under a myriad of circumstances.
0141023384|5.0|We had to read this for high school (I think it was grade 10, which would make it a ridiculously long time ago), but I loved this book from the first time I picked it up. A richly descriptive story of tribal conflict and the arrival of the white man in traditional non-Christian Africa. Although we, in the modern world, may deride Okonkwo for denouncing progress and advancement, he is a very sympathetic character whose ideals and traditions one must respect deeply. This is a beautiful tragedy of coming of age, in a sense, for the African tribesman, and should be mandatory reading. It's a fantastic book, and you won't regret picking it up.
B00000DHRX|5.0|I am not gay, though I wish I had the fashion sense.  I am not into pop music, though not all of this is really Pop.  I am not into his Wham stuff all that much, but ever since he broke out on his own I have just loved his sound.  It is some of my favorite music, and the only music I like that sounds anything like it.<br /><br />And though I take a lot of flack for it I still get all his stuff and I make no bones about it.  People may not appreciate his talent for this art form as much as I do but at least they let me enjoy the music just the same.<br /><br />To that end this is a great compilation of some of his best work.  I keep only a few CDs in the car with me but this one, even though it is a double disc set, is one of them.  It is that good, even people who don't think they like him still seem to enjoy this disc set.  I am sure if you have ever liked him you will enjoy this compilation.  The newer stuff on here is OK, but it is really more about the older stuff on this set.  For newer stuff there are a couple of other discs out there, but none are as good as this.
0156027321|4.0|I'm not saying I wanted a true story, but Yann Martel included aspects-I won't mention what so not to spoil the book for anyone who has not read it yet-that made the book more of a science fiction, or a fairy tale. He included things that are simply unbelievable, not because it's hard for me to believe, but because the events in this book never happened.  It's a great piece of writing, with great imagination, but it's not as fulfilling as it could have been.
B000O77SOK|5.0|It is fascinating how David Kelly mixes law practice with the human controversies of the lawyers. I just want to define The Practice as the cream of the cream of all lawyer's series and movies, Boston Legal is not even close to the quality of The Practice. Hope second season will be release soon, I want the whole 8 seasons.<br />Alex
B00003CXB4|5.0|A grand and majestic Disney creation, \\"The Lion King\\" broke box office records as the biggest grossing animated film at that time. And deservedly so. From its stirring opening of a sunrise seemingly \\"opening the curtain\\" to reveal the animal kingdom honoring a future king (set to an emotional African score, no less)--to a brilliant computer-generated wilderbeast stampede segment which sets the stage for murder, betrayal, banishment and redemption--to an even more stirring climactic confrontation as the future king (Simba) regains his throne as rightful ruler--\\"The Lion King\\" is a triumph for both Disney studios and animation itself.   The artists at Disney create some of the most gorgeous landscape here, as well as portray the animals in all their graceful splendor. Tim Rice & Elton John contribute one of the best musical scores for a Disney film as well, with the song \\"Can You Feel The Love Tonight?\\" becoming a Top 40 hit.   The deep, commanding voice of James Earl Jones embodies the character of Mufasa, a great king who is killed by his treacherous & resentful brother Scar (voiced with droll malevolence by Jeremy Iron) who has his eyes on the throne. Young Simba is handled by Jonathan Taylor Thomas, then a rising child star with the \\"Home Improvement\\" TV show; his adult counterpart is played with ease by Matthew Broderick. Every Disney film has a comedy relief; in this case, there are FIVE. Whoopi Goldberg and Cheech Marin play Scar's dim-bulb of hyena henchmen (including a mute, but cackling third named Ed), while Nathan Lane and Ernie Sabala lend their distinct comic voices to Timon & Phumba, a buddy-buddy meerkat and warthog, respectively, who befriend the exiled Simba. Robert Guillame does a fun turn as an odd but wise \\"guru\\" figure in the form of a baboon named Rafiki; and Rowan Atkinson gives a nasally comic performance as Mufasa's right-hand man (or is it bird?) who takes his job seriously.   As with any good Disney film, this one has it all: good story, good animation and good voice talent.   Definitely one of the best from Disney; I'm glad to own it on DVD!
B000NDIAWY|5.0|This album is a true pleasure.  The candor of the lyrics and the raw honesty of her voice are like nothing I've heard in a long while.  The title track brings tears to my eyes - the passion of it and the way her voice breaks when she's belting it out - as if conveying the emotion is more important to her than the appropriate delivery.  The song is weighty and profound. Her music has a versatility that blurs the lines of genre, with a vocal sound reminiscent of country legend Patsy Cline.  \\"The Story\\" hit my best seller list.  I look forward to future works from this talented young lady.
078401213X|4.0|To mention Darren Aronofsky's name is somewhat similiar to mentioning his name in 1997.  Nowadays, the general public may or may not know of his triumph [[ASIN:B00005Q4CS Requiem for a Dream (Director's Cut)]] and his wonderful [[ASIN:B00005JPAR The Fountain (Widescreen Edition)]] but most should learn of him.<br /><br />This is his first feature.  A thriller that's all about math.  Amazingly, it's still a great film.  While not as powerful or memorable as his further films, this is still a wondeful film.<br /><br />Sean Gullete gives a wonderful performance and Aronofsky works the camera masterfully in this first rate mathematical thriller.<br /><br />The DVD features two coomentary tracks and a number of 'Lost Scenes' and a few feauturettes.<br /><br />A good movie that I would recommend to anybody.  Any fan of Aronofsky or Requeim for A Dream shoud defiintely see this. ****
0060599847|5.0|I highly recommend this book, it is the 2nd most life changing book I've ever read, and it may even end up the first, time will tell.<br />I love it.<br />Thanks Jack
B00007FOMP|5.0|I just listened to my new CD copy of this 1971 Marvin Gaye album which arrived by airmail from the USA yesterday. Although I have heard the title track before , and I also know Mercy Mercy Me and Inner City Blues, I never heard the other songs before . This album is simply beautiful and heartfelt and has really touched me. I would love other people who haven't yet discovered the timeless quality of Marvin Gaye's wonderful soul music to start by buying What's Going On from Amazon.com ( as I did )  or from their local CD shop.     Every song is special , and unlike many CD's where songs stop abruptly or fade out, all the 9 songs are linked together as a set. There is no padding, no inconsequential songs, and everything works beautifully together. The orchestration is lovely, and Marvin Gaye's wonderful voice is truly an inspiration as he sings about our shared human conditions from the soul of his being.     This music can never go out of date . It is for all time and for all people everywhere, and is one of the best albums ever.      This is a 5-star All-Time Classic album
B0009JAENU|5.0|Hilary Hahn has been a favorite since she was a young teen. She brings a sensitivity and an intelligence to her music that immediately sets her apart from her peers.    I am thrilled that she has teamed with Natalie Zhu on this album. I have been to Zhu recitals, and have been thrilled by her dynamic performances.    I look forward to many more wonderful offerings from this wonderful duo.
0743243315|4.0|The core of this book revolves around the themes of submission, immigration and integration.  It's the story of Nazneen, a quiet young girl whose life changes when the arranged marriage to a much older man takes them to London's East End.  She leaves behind all she had ever known in her native Bangladesh.  Whilst her husband Chanu's hopes and dreams of a \\"big life\\" are slowly shattered, Nazneen devotes herself to raising her family, trying to adjust and make sense of a world that she doesn't quite understand.  A lot happens in London and new people enter their life, influencing their thoughts and actions.  Nazneen has always thought of herself and the events in her life to belong to fate and fate only but, without quite realising it, a hidden strength and determination lead her to an unexpected path.    This book has a special depth, especially in connection with racial and social issues.  The prose is flawless and make the characters come to life so vividly.  I also very much appreciated the letters written in broken English by Nazneen's sister Hasina, which in themselves represent a different side of the story, directly from a member of the family left behind in Bangladesh.    Some parts of this book are very moving and dramatic, however there are some ironic and comical events/dialogues, sad in themselves given the often pathetic circumstances, but they made me smile nevertheless.  A lovely, gripping book, well done to Ms. Ali!
B000SM7QUC|5.0|Okay, I have been a hard core rock fan since my cousin introduced me to the likes of Zeppelin, Cooper, Sabbath, Montrose, etc. in the early 70's at the ripe old age of 10 or 11.  Although there have been many strong artists and albums to come out in the years since, I have not heard a stronger album, yes I say album in this day and age of 1 or 2 notable songs worth hearing more than once, in a very very long time.  I downloaded this album this morning, listened to it twice in my office and could not wait to go to lunch where I could listen to it on a real audio system to truly enjoy in its marvel.  If you are a true rock fan you will not be dissapointed in this rich and emotional album that truly delivers on the premise of what we were taught an album should be.  An experience for the mind, heart and soul not to be missed.  In today's world of artists trying to reinvent themselves it is a blessing to have 3 musicians come together and pull off a masterpiece.  Kudos to Nikki Sixx, James Michael and DJ Ashba for finally giving us something to celebrate.  Pure and absolute genius!
0486408434|4.0|This book is designed to teach the reader how to perform a wide variety of basic sleight-of-hand card tricks. The sleights themselves are classics; I think that knowing basic sleight of hand is fundamental for performing really impressive card magic, and this book contains all of the groundwork you will need. The book includes information on the overhand shuffle, the riffle shuffle, the glimpse, the palm, the double lift, the pass, and much more.    The explanations of the sleights are quite detailed. This allows the reader to pick up fine points and refine the techniques.    That said, I think this book has some important deficiencies. (1) Many of the moves are not illustrated at all. It's very difficult to learn some sleight of hand moves with just a verbal description. More pictures would be tremendously helpful. (2) While the book contains many great tricks, especially towards the end, it also includes a number of dull ones. I personally hate any card trick that involves spelling (i.e., you count cards out as you spell some word, and the last card counted out is the chosen one), and this book includes plenty of those. Still, if you select tricks carefully from the book, you will end up with some astonishing routines.    One warning, though: sleight-of-hand magic requires a LOT of practice. If you're interested in picking up a new magic trick in five minutes, this is not the book for you! If, however, you would like to learn really deceptive card tricks - tricks that the average spectator will really be stunned by - and you are willing to devote time to daily practice, then this book is a fine option.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|I originally missed the both television show and movie when they first ran and how this happened I will never know. I watched part of the movie on HBO and got hooked.  I first purchased the Firefly dvd's of the tv show and now the collector's edition dvd of the movie (Serenity).  I recommend both.  I love the characters, the plot and the writing.  Its great sci fi fiction, produced and directed very well into a tv series and now a movie.  The extras on the collectors addition are interesting to view.  I admit to being a sci-fi fan and will tell all that would listen that need to make a second Firefly/Serenity movie.  That said however my wife who is not into sci fi found the tv series \\"boring\\" and the movie only slightly better.  Please however don't let her opinion stop you as she still thinks that boring Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan movie \\"You've got Mail\\" is great cinema.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|I have been a fan of Nikki's since \\"Too Fast For Love\\" came out. His mastery of music is even more evident with the music he has put out on his latest work. The music does tell a story and in the days when most artists are looking for a quick hit to make a little bank, its great to have one that still cares about the quality and sound of his work. I feel that a lot of the songs can touch on some aspects in all of our lives at one point. I am very much looking forward to reading the book now.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|what's the longest running show in history? the wheel of karma. it has something to do with time. and how many charactors does laura dern play? several. maybe one. it has something to do with time. and a debt to pay. and a secret.
1563894696|5.0|This is one awesome batman story.  So crazy i have to say i enjoyed this very much
B0002EQ7EC|5.0|I'm sure that we all agree on the notch of Paul Simon's musical brilliance. I believe he is one of the ten best songwriters in history, not to mention his outstanding vocal abilities. He has produced some 10 solo albums in his career, all of 5 star quality and this one is no different. Yet somehow, it seems to have gotten lost in the shuffle along the way. Perhapse because so many of his other albums shine out at first listen. But give this one some time to circulate and marinate in the musical side of your brain, and I am convinced that it will find a worthy place somewhere on your favorite album list. I know this because this phenomenon happened to me.    This particular version of the album is absolutely the way to go because it contains the 4 extra tracks and you don't want to miss out on them. Taking it from the top, \\"The Obvious Child\\" is a strange sort of song. One wonders how it found it's way onto this album because it is in no way akin to the rich, warm style produced by the rest of the CD. You may or may not like it, I leave it up to you. But next is more like it in \\"Can't Run But\\". It, like the rest of the album, is very rich. This is actually the song that hooked me onto The Rhythm of the Saints in the first place. It was just so unusual and different from anything else that Paul Simon created, and it remains one of my favorites. The next song however, is absolutely one of the best songs I've ever heard, maybe even my favorite Paul Simon song of all time-and that's saying something! \\"The Coast\\" is so gentle and graceful, and the lyrics are both ingenius and perfectly accomodating for Simon. The take I got on the album was a heavy South American flavor that's quite delightful. It runs perfect for this song as well as the others. If you're listening to this album for the fist time here on Amazon, chances are your computer speakers won't deliver you the full item in base and richness that this song has to offer. If it sounds good here, it will be much better at home! Moving on, \\"Proof\\" is upbeat with nice backup brass that Simon seems partial to. But again, he just playes this South American sound so well. If you ask me, this style was made for him and you can witness this phenomenon further by listening to his \\"You're the One\\" album. \\"Further to Fly\\" is more ominous than the rest, and is followed by cheery \\"She Moves On\\". This song has very nice guitar chords that stand out to me. \\"Born at the Right Time\\" is yet another masterpiece born on this CD. The chorus is excellent, and the demo version further down the line is just as good. That's why I love it when Simon releases extra tracks, because the demos sometimes turn out better than the actuals songs themselves! They're a real treat. \\"The Cool, Cool River\\" is another ominous stopoff that balances tha album well. It sounds ominous because of deeper drum beats and chords. \\"Spirit Voices\\" caps off the list of 5 star songs here. Beautifully written, like almost all of Paul's songs. The vocals are very gentle. The title track is good, but gets lost to me because of better material surrounding it. But don't get me wrong, it's still good. What's left are the demo versions, four of them. Since I'm partial to \\"The Coast\\", I have to say that it is particularly good. If you can, it is always beneficial to purchase the extra tracks versions of Paul's albums because like I say, they're worth checking out.    So what you have here is another masterpiece from a master, one of the few that is still producing music. If you love the man, be sure to check out his latest album, \\"Surprise\\". And as I say, if you merely 'like' this album, give it some time. It will turn out to be a favorite. I listen to it more than any other CD right now, and it never gets old.
1582701709|1.0|Slick promotional book which has no original ideas.  I would not even give it a one but there was not a zero on the rate chart. Every phrase, idea, almost word for word was taken from motivational writers books and tapes over 25 years ago. If you want to read the original versions (if you do not have ADD and are under forty) you may want to read Norma Vincent Peel and others in this generation. Even Anthony Robbins first tapes are better than this book or tape. If you want the shot gun approch which does not get to the root issues then get this book. What a waste of money for the consumer. The author is laughing (at you) all the way to the bank!!!!
B000UX6THK|5.0|I didn't put a star rating on this set until Amazon made me do it, because it hasn't come out yet.  However, I am a long time fan of Twin Peaks: trendsetting series that has paved the way for shows such as X-Files and Lost.  Wonderfully quirky characters and weirdness and sense of dread.  I feel I have been rewarded for my patience in not buying the sets that have come out previously.  Frankly, I couldn't see myself buying season one without the pilot.  I know there have been studio issues... arrgghhh studio issues and their bickering have kept us from a lot of good film art.  Having season one without the pilot is like Lost without the pilot... plummetting into nothing.  I held off getting season two because some wonderful reviewer here at Amazon mentioned a full set would be coming out towards the end of the year.  Lo! and Behold!..it is here.  And with the international version as well as the original pilot, and what sounds like meticulous work in restoration and brilliance.  I am on pins and needles until October!<br /><br />This is a good year for me in DVD.  First, Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet comes out, and now all of Twin Peaks!!!  I feel like a slice of cherry pie and a damn fine cup of coffee!
0425188809|5.0|A breath taking and gripping novel that fills the reader with new and exciting experiences. A combination of pulse racing excitement and cold fear, affection ,and disgust for no-good characters. A special love  for Einstein the adorable Labrador. I enjoyed the combination of adventure, romance and thrilling experiences of the characters. Dean Koontz, introduced characters  of varied personalities from the executive staff, to Medical practitioners, Salesmen to assassins ,to name a few. Intriguing, Gripping, revealing, this is by far the best novel I have read.     [[ASIN:143270382X Everyday Miracles: Stories That Touch Your Heart]]
B000MCIBAW|5.0|This is the 40th Anniversary mix that gets it just right. It expands the sonic range of the songs without adding, subtracting or altering the original content or tone. The only other one that comes close to this is The Soft Parade. The drums of \\"Strange Days\\" sound great. \\"Horse Latitudes\\" sounds powerful and scary. The peaks and valleys of \\"When The Music's Over\\" are thrilling. If you like Strange Days you will be thrilled by this version even if you have the excellent 1999 remaster.
B000QUCNP4|4.0|That this case was never solved is disturbing.  That we have come so far in the last almost-forty years in terms of evidence and criminal profiling is pretty amazing.<br /><br />Any killer trying the same things today would be caught immediately!  Zodiac (he named himself that) called in his murders and wrote letters to the newspapers about them.  His mysterious codes, or \\"ciphers\\" as he calls them were pretty easily solved even in 1969, but they could not determine his identity.  And still today, we don't know who he was.<br /><br />This movie was written by the cartoonist at the San Francisco Chronicle, who becomes obsessed with Zodiac. It shows the investigative process, with all its foils and frustrations throughout the years and shows us the effects suffered by those who were victimized by Zodiac without being physically harmed by him.<br /><br />Gyllenhaal does a good job in his role as the innocent cartoonist (Robert Graysmith, the author) who is pulled into the Zodiac's web and becomes obsessed (and perhaps possessed) with discovering his identity.<br /><br />Ruffalo as Detective Toschi is an annoying and smart cop who is frustrated and stymied by the police workings of his day.<br /><br />Robert Downey, Jr. convincingly portrays reporter Paul Avery as hopelessly lost among demons--namely his addictions to drugs and booze, but also to his fear that Zodiac would kill him.<br /><br />Overall, good acting and a great storyline.
B000069I1H|1.0|Alright Andy, here it is; another review - can you do it?  Do you have the integrity to speak honestly about films from an un-formally educated opinion?  You watch, you make your thoughts known, no pressure - no pressure at all ... alright, here it goes, you have to psych yourself up.  Here it comes: three deep breaths and ... it's SHOWTIME!  Wow, that hurt more than I anticipated, especially near the end when it was obvious that I wanted to say more, but repetition just seemed to be the only way out.  I have to apologize to my readers for this pathetic attempt at an opening comment, but it was the only way to really bring my thoughts focused with my newest jump into early 2000s cinema with \\"Showtime\\".  This film was a clich&eacute; attempt to make a buddy cop movie with two decently respected actors in Hollywood, using a script that used swiss cheese as it's co-writer, and genuine moments where money was being gobbled with special effects instead of powerful storytelling.  This was a sad attempt at a film, and I have no problem saying that both Mr. Murphy and Mr. De Niro should be rather ashamed with their outing in this project.  Even as you listen to the audio commentary of this film, the filmmakers (both director and producer) didn't think the audiences would understand what was happening or remember certain characters throughout this very weak plot.  If the creators don't give the audience enough credit, than why I bother giving my attention to the smallest of detail with this film?  Why?  Because Hollywood, I paid for this movie - you're gonna get a comment whether you like it or not - and \\"Showtime\\" is one of the best ways to start.<br /><br />I don't understand jokes.  I do believe this is my problem with modern cinema, or those films that are made with millions of dollars in hopes that it will become the next greatest sensation.  Isn't it odd - people just don't laugh as much anymore, and I do believe one of the diseases to that problem is the film \\"Showtime\\".  There was absolutely nothing, from the beginning to the end of the credits, with all of the bantering between Murphy and De Niro, with Russo as eye candy, with even standard clich&eacute;s which make the general population swoon with pre-programmed laughter, there was nothing in this film that made me laugh.  There weren't the overbearing physical jokes or the calculated mental vocal jokes at all throughout this debacle of a film.  From the beginning, I didn't buy the match-up of De Niro and Murphy as anything more than Hollywood excitement, throughout the commentary the director vividly talks about the hijinks and laughter going on during the shoot - where was it in the film?  This falls to either two problems - the director really doesn't have a sense of comedy or the editor didn't understand the value of the film.  Either way, they both doomed the entire hour and a half spent on the Hollywood nightmare \\"Showtime\\".<br /><br />Outside of finding no reason to laugh, there was no reason to follow these characters through any moment of the film.  There was a glimpse of humor with De Niro's desire to pick up pottery as a hobby (but the director had to write KILN on the machine so audiences would understand - WHO DOES THAT?), but that was dropped and never developed.  There was the idea that Murphy was an actor, but outside of that one opening monologue, nobody would have understood that.  He rents a room in a producer's house in which he can afford on a police officer's salary?  This just didn't compute even for Hollywood standards.  There was a bad guy who wanted a big gun, but the gun was never developed, nor was there any true test of the weapons capability ... even at the end.  It became a bigger joke to laugh at an accent than remember the guns.  Where was the television show in this?  Russo had to get permission from this random guy at the beginning, but there were no consequences.  There was nothing in the middle of this film outside of further questions and meaningless dribble.  Random characters were introduced, forgotten, re-introduced, and forgotten all over again.  The director and producer laughed at this, while we, the meager viewer, must suffer through inside jokes and clich&eacute; stereotypes.<br /><br />Was there a love interest in this film?  Was there a truly sinister bad guy that went apart from the comic duo to bring true evil to the screen?  Were there any pop culture references that didn't come back to Robert De Niro?  Was there random chaos throughout this film?  If you need the answers to these, obviously, you won't find them in \\"Showtime\\".  The fact that I am riddling this review with question upon question, only means that this sub-par (actually, well below sub-sub-sub par) filled no quota or resembled anything of value to the cinematic world.  Sure, it had big names and one really neat explosion, but there was nothing of substance to this at all.  It was almost as if the director said prior to the shoot that he wanted clich&eacute;s, but not regular clich&eacute;s - go with the bad ones.  The plot had no linear structure.  The jokes were boring.  The characters were drab and underdeveloped.  This ranks below even the best of \\"buddy-cop\\" films.  I like to give films the benefit of the doubt, but nothing worked in this film.  Not even Shatner could save this film, and he even tried hard.<br /><br />Overall, I cannot, nor will I, suggest this film to anyone with a pulse.  The commentary only confirms the pathetic nature of the film with obvious flaws, horrid jokes, and creators questioning the validity of their work.  If creators can't stand behind \\"Showtime\\", why should we?  I didn't want a \\"Lethal Weapon\\" when I watched this, but I did want something like that.  I understand there was some form of criticism of \\"reality television\\" and the corrupt nature of the media, but that message didn't make it off the page.  In fact, I believe I saw \\"media\\" leave the theater first when I watched this.  Shame carries its heavy hand with this film and I cannot blame it.  Murphy used to be a big star, comedy was his middle name (see \\"Coming to America\\"), but lately he seems to have lost his edge.  De Niro obviously wants to get away from an image that haunts him, but making these sort of films is only going to set him back further.  One of these films is equal to one Scorsese picture.<br /><br />Skip this one.  I promise, it will make your final cinematic days worthwhile.  Oh, and if you laughed at any of the jokes in this film - I am truly sorry!<br /><br />Grade: * out of *****om characters were introduced, forgotten, re-introduced, and forgotten all over again.  The director and producer laughed at this, while we, the meager viewer, must suffer through inside jokes and clich stereotypes.    Was there a love interest in this film?  Was there a truly sinister bad guy that went apart from the comic duo to bring true evil to the screen?  Were there any pop culture references that didn't come back to Robert De Niro?  Was there random chaos throughout this film?  If you need the answers to these, obviously, you won't find them in \\"Showtime\\".  The fact that I am riddling this review with question upon question, only means that this sub-par (actually, well below sub-sub-sub par) filled no quota or resembled anything of value to the cinematic world.  Sure, it had big names and one really neat explosion, but there was nothing of substance to this at all.  It was almost as if the director said prior to the shoot that he wanted clichs, but not regular clichs - go with the bad ones.  The plot had no linear structure.  The jokes were boring.  The characters were drab and underdeveloped.  This ranks below even the best of \\"buddy-cop\\" films.  I like to give films the benefit of the doubt, but nothing worked in this film.  Not even Shatner could save this film, and he even tried hard.      Overall, I cannot, nor will I, suggest this film to anyone with a pulse.  The commentary only confirms the pathetic nature of the film with obvious flaws, horrid jokes, and creators questioning the validity of their work.  If creators can't stand behind \\"Showtime\\", why should we?  I didn't want a \\"Lethal Weapon\\" when I watched this, but I did want something like that.  I understand there was some form of criticism of \\"reality television\\" and the corrupt nature of the media, but that message didn't make it off the page.  In fact, I believe I saw \\"media\\" leave the theater first when I watched this.  Shame carries its heavy hand with this film and I cannot blame it.Murphy used to be a big star, comedy was his middle name (see \\"Coming to America\\"), but lately he seems to have lost his edge.  De Niro obviously wants to get away from an image that haunts him, but making these sort of films is only going to set him back further.  One of these films is equal to one Scorsese picture.      Skip this one.  I promise, it will make your final cinematic days worthwhile.  Oh, and if you laughed at any of the jokes in this film - I am truly sorry!    Grade: * out of *****
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana wasn't ever in competition with the likes of Queen, Led Zeppelin, or Metallica.  Frankly, their music was the antithesis of that.    Nirvana was a punk rock band from Seattle (the term grunge is as corporate as the bands they rebelled against, sorry.)  The elements found in this album challenged what was being done at the time in corporate rock (if not corporate music in general.)  Fortified with the most powerful rock drummer since Bonham, three guys write an album that's stripped down to bass, guitar, drums, and vocals; all going on during a time where most rock bands featured a polished sound and image.  Apparently, people couldn't relate to some dude in makeup singing about how he's going to score groupies after the concert.  Instead they chose a simple group fronted by a simple guy singing about the penalty of life.      You can complain about how it was all noise, but the sounds they were able to get from their instruments opened up a level of musical experimentation not seen since the late 60's/early 70's.  Frankly if the noise didn't deserve merit, the music industry wouldn't have shelved all their hair bands in order to sign anyone walking around Seattle wearing a flannel shirt and carrying a guitar.    Proofs in the pudding folks.  If you haven't heard this album, you're either really young or you've been living in some desolate place for the past 16 years now.  It's not clean, it's not technical, and even the cover art's a bit offensive.  Yet underneath it all is simple music that's just pretty darn cool to listen to.
B000OVLNII|5.0|I read practically everything I can get my hands on about Lincoln, and Kearns-Goodwin has contributed the best book on him yet. Today, when Abe appears on everything from our most cherished monuments to our money, the perception of him has reached mythical proportions. We might continue to view our 16th President as so much granite on Mr Rushmore if not for  the rendering of  him by Doris Kearns-Goodwin. As she did for the Roosevelt's earlier in No Ordinary Time, she does for Lincoln (and those around him)in Team of Rivals. She brings Lincoln and his world alive, chips away the granite to show us the flesh and bones Lincoln struggling to gain a consensus for his efforts to save the Union by placing all his rivals in his cabinet. The sentiment, \\"Keep your friends close and your enemies closer\\" has never been put into play more skillfully than it was by Lincoln. William Seaward, Solomon P. Chase and the others made no secret of their desire for his job; yet, President Lincoln convinced them to lend their considerable skills toward winning the war. It was  a goal that Lincoln never lost sight of. Together he, and his \\"rivals\\" took the Union to total victory in the  war in which EVERY casualty was an American casualty. While they worked to achieve the victorious end, the cabinet bickered, connived, and tried to advance their own \\"just\\" cause: Themselves. All of this makes for great reading, but it is Lincoln, with his tormented determination to WIN at all costs which helps explain why he is considered the Greatest of our presidents; granted, he had help from an extraordinary team of rivals. Kearns-Goodwin relates it all in a way that lets us see the man and his men behind the myth. The reader, in fact, becomes part of the political, military, and human struggle in an unprecedented way. I loved this book.
B000H7J9RQ|5.0|I'm sorry that I can't review the product.  I boughtit as a gift and mailed it off.  I can only review the service which was excellent
1594489505|4.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns gives you a picture of women and their relationships in another culture.  It not only makes you think, it also stirs so many emotions.  An excellent read.
1552091090|4.0|This is a great book for bedtime.  No complicated plotline here, but this book is guaranteed to give both parent and child the warm fuzzies every time.
B00004YRQA|5.0|I love this card has alot of space but I put it in my PS1 and clear it out so I can reuse it.
B00004RF8J|4.0|While lots of people have enjoyed the film-and-live experience of \\"The Rocky Horror Picture Show,\\" my candidate for a good time would be \\"Little Shop of Horrors.\\" This remake of a classic bad-horror film shows that the core idea was perfect for a rock 'n roll musical. Everyone is sublimely cast, right down to the doo-wop girl singers who form the Greek chorus.<br /><br />Rick Moranis may start out a downtrodden, mistreated nebbish, but a passionate heart beats under that nerdy exterior. If his \\"Suddenly, Seymour\\" duet with the incredible Ellen Greene doesn't make your romantic heart go pitter-patter, head for the cemetery, honey, because you're officially dead.<br /><br />Part of me regrets that the film had a sort-of happy ending, but there's enough of an \\"uh-oh\\" tag at the end to give it an edge. Anyway, who cares about such quibbles? Just sing along with Steve Martin's sadistic dentist, and have yourself a real fun evil time.
0345494997|5.0|Once I got past the first 100 pages of this book, I couldn't put it down.  I didn't know much about Frank Lloyd Wright and Mamah Cheney and it turns out that was a good thing when it came to reading this book.  The ending couldn't have been better scripted and the fact that it was real was even more amazing.
B00008DDXC|5.0|I love the movie. It was really great. I think Fluffy is really funny name for three-headed dog.   Great movie!
1594489505|5.0|After reading Khaled Hosseini's \\"The Kite Runner\\", I was anxious to read another book by this author.  I was not at all disappointed!  A Thousand Splendid Suns takes you into the hearts of the people in war torn Afghanistan and through the eyes of two women, from childhood to adulthood, Khaled exposes us to their fate, as a circumstance of rulers in their country, that leave women without choice in any part of their lives. Being that the story takes place from the 1980's through 2002, I was able to relate to the political events during this period and compare my privileged life and circumstances with theirs...it was quite an eye-opening experience!  This book will tear at your heart!  Thank you Khaled!
B000FQ4M58|5.0|I adore Meat Loaf.  Always have!  But this is his very best album to date.  It is fun and soulful.  It has been in my CD player pretty much non-stop since I got it in the mail.  That's been about 3 months ago! I just can't get enough.  I even downloaded Seize the Night for my cell ringtone.  It's an amazing mix of music and talent that makes this album shine so bright.  A must have for any fan of great music!
B000RJO578|4.0|I first saw Simon Pegg in Doctor Who: The Long Game [[ASIN:B000E41MS6 Doctor Who - The Complete First Series]], \\"The Editor\\" was funny and creepy at the same time. That led me to [[ASIN:B000B2YR8I Shaun of the Dead]]. I didn't think Mr. Pegg could top Shaun. He did. Hot Fuzz is every small town that wants to keep their image, it is every buddy movie, it is every action movie. It is even every horror movie. This is how a spoof should be done.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is by far the best nature documentary ever made.  The shots that they get are amazing, the time lapses are exellent, and the quality is perfect.  I love this series!
0345477618|5.0|This book goes into more detail than anyone but a die-hard fan would want to know, in all honesty; but as it's one of the greatest movies ever filmed, Star Wars has more than its fair share of die-hards. The book is thoroughly researched and excellently presented and covers every aspect of the film's genesis from the very first words scribbled on George Lucas' yellow legal pads to the opening day. This book is, as the title states, the definitive story behind the making of Star Wars. Again, fascinating for the die-hard, but may be a bit detailed for the casual fan.
B000286RKW|5.0|I LOVE mafia movies! But, this movie, is by far my favorite. The acting is just superb. The story line is great. Just the very WAY the movie is made is great! I have watched this movie so many times, I about have it memorized, and every time I see it, I am still entertained!
B000IJ79UW|5.0|Thirty years later Superman remains the greatest superhero movie ever made, and this 4-Disc set covers every aspect of the film you could want -- both an extended cut plus the theatrical release, plus so many extras you could spend days going through them all. In-depth and detailed, a nice look behind the scenes, and a pristine transfer -- everything this terrific movie deserves.
B000AMPZF8|5.0|I'm a huge must fan, and I think all of their albums are amazing. It's one of the few bands that, although I still have my favorite songs in the album, I can listen from track 1 to the end without a desire to skip any of their songs. This isn't their greatest album in my opinion. Top honors goes to [[ASIN:B0001LJC2K Absolution]] and their most recent album [[ASIN:B000FVQYYK Black Holes and Revelations]].<br /><br />On a side note, there is a group called 'The String Quartet;' they're a tribute band that translates major pieces from big time artists into orchestar pieces. Every band they've made a tribute to so far, I've loved (Tool, Muse, the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Check them out)
B000JBWWQ0|5.0|This movie helped me in my struggle for life and understanding    \\"THE CELESTINE PROPHECY\\" IS A MUST SEE
B000RJO578|5.0|Best movie I've seen so far this year. Edgar Wright is a genius at parody, this time taking on the cop buddy genre. The quips and puns fly at 100 miles an hour here, it'd probably take three viewings to catch all of it. The film's central joke may get lost on some American viewers-this is a vicious dig at provincial rural locales in England and how petty and nasty their citizens can be.    I can't say enough about how clever this film is. Even the camerawork and cuts make you laugh because you know you've seen this type of stuff done with utmost earnestness in action/cop films-the swooshing of a gun into a holster, the click of a gun belt, the shifting of gears in a tense chase,that look of fierce determination on the hero's face as he prepares to get even-it's all done completely over the top and it works. Sergeant Angel is baaaaadassss.    My next door neighbor said it \\"starts out slow\\". What this means is that people talked alot. The lines are nonstop jokes and I guess nothing went kaboom for a little while. But there's even fun for the dimwitted here, with lots of gory death scenes and interesting weaponry being used. Wright and Pegg still love the horror genre, and somehow managed to graft that into Hot Fuzz as well.     I'd say this is like a Tarantino film or a Kevin Smith film. Not that I'm comparing the two. What I mean is that if you love movies as much as these people do...well, if you do, you already saw Hot Fuzz, didn't you? But anyway, if you think you love film, take this flick close to your heart. I would so use this as a litmus test for friends.
1594489505|5.0|My book club rates books 1 - 5 stars, based on 5 criteria.  This book received one of our few 5 stars.  Out of 11, nine of us preferred this tho The Kite Runner. It had great discusion value, and the character development was incredible.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|What we have here is quite possibly the best pure rock album release in years. I know that when reading CD reviews you often hear statements like that, but in the case of this CD it just so happens to be true. Simply put, this CD is phenomenal, lyrically and musically, and is an accomplishment that Nikki should be very proud of. While Queensrche's 'Operation Mindcrime' is widely regarded as the best concept hard rock/metal album of all time, I personally find this non-fiction concept album to be a bit more cohesive and enjoyable to listen to, and certainly worthy of consideration for that title. Jedd Beaudoin who wrote the Amazon Editorial Review above is way off the mark in every single aspect of his review, and absolutely and completely missed the point of this album. In a fair and accurate nutshell his review says that he does not like this CD because it does not sound like M&ouml;tley Cr&uuml;e, and it is not upbeat enough. In turn I will put my comments about his review for this CD in a fair and accurate nutshell; what a f***ing feeble-minded douchebag, how did this dolt get a job reviewing CD's, he needs to go and do something he's good at.<br /><br />With this CD, Nikki Sixx, the undeniable heart and soul of M&ouml;tley Cr&uuml;e, has released an album that clearly demonstrates why M&ouml;tley Cr&uuml;e attained the success they did in the 80's and 90's. The success attained was certainly not because of Vince Neil's singing, Mick Mars' guitar playing, or even Tommy Lee's incredible drumming, NO, it was because of Nikki Sixx's songwriting, period. You've got to love the tortured artist, they are almost without exception the most inspired, creative and brilliant songwriters. I think it is very likely that without the talent of Nikki Sixx M&ouml;tley Cr&uuml;e would have been just another 80's band, which few would currently even remember. But that is of course only a hypothetical argument, as Nikki was the founding member and there never would have been a M&ouml;tley Cr&uuml;e without him.<br /><br />Nikki, a prolific and masterful songwriter, with this album gives us a ticket to ride along with him on his self-destructive journey through life and rock stardom in the late 80's utilizing his personal journal or 'Heroin Diary'. While most of us will find very little in the life of a heroin addicted rock star dealing with many personal demons to be personally relatable, that is not the point of this album. Perhaps much like a bad movie (but a very good album), this album is a candid glimpse into the life of a rock star who has all the success imaginable, but behind all of the glamour of rock stardom is a man finding himself constantly fighting depression and the demons from a troubled youth. While for a rock star it's certainly not a far-fetched story, on the other hand it's not your typical rock album subject matter either. And while some may find the subject matter to be a bit heavy and unsettling, I only see this album as a welcomed breath of fresh air. And don't we really have enough meaningless bulls**t rock albums to listen to anyway?<br /><br />This album is what would generally be labeled a concept album, however, it is more correctly identified on the CD cover as a soundtrack. No, there is no movie, but there is a book, with each of the 13 songs on this album coinciding with a chapter of the book. This is a soundtrack to the book, 'The Heroin Diaries - A Year In The Life Of A Shattered Rock Star', and of course a soundtrack to Nikki's life in the late 80's.<br /><br />In conclusion, while this album is about a self-destructive rock star hitting rock-bottom, in the end it is also about finding that needed moment of clarity, and eventually, realizing recovery. And inspired by his addiction and recovery Nikki founded his own charity, Running Wild In The Night, a fundraising initiative for Covenant House Of California, which aims to keep young children off the streets, and keep them off the path that Nikki went down when he was younger. In fact, a portion of the proceeds from this project will go to support this cause. So, you see, this ends up a being a story with a happy ending, and hopefully... happily ever after.will go to support this cause. So, you see, this ends up a being a story with a happy ending, and hopefully... happily ever after.
B0009A40ES|4.0|Some fans of the book complained about the film's lack of accuracy. I was quite satisfied with the movie and it made me want to read the book. For its time and budget, American Psycho is a well-crafted, cruel and dark comedy movie.<br />If one sees through the violent scenes, vanity and the empty search for eternal youth are very well portrayed in the movie.
B000OYC3J8|5.0|This is my favorite White Stripes album yet.  Listen to Conquest.  I heard in an interview that Jack found the mariachi player in a restaurant and he barely spoke English!  Talk about the power of the language of music!
B000NIVJGI|2.0|I had high hopes for this Bluray as I love this movie. I figured a new AVC transfer would bring this disk back to life after suffering the SD DVD bad transferrs I already have.    It was not to be. The movie is soft and washed out. There has been a large amount of electronic grain reduction undertaken that has bascially destroyed the PQ by sofetning the entire image and crushing the blacks in some scenes to the point where the picture look posterized.    While still better than a DVD it is a disaster. Lionsgate should chastised for failing to use this bluray as an opportunity to present this movie as it should have been.    If you take a look at the deleted scenes, you will see how good the transfer could have been. These are much better than the movie itself as the intense video processing to remove grain hasnt been done.    Liongate, You wrecked this movie and are now on my watch list for future transfers which I have to investigate closely before spending my money on your product. You should be ashamed.    On an up side note. The Audio quality is excellent with the PCM sound track.    It worked first time in my Samsung 1200 Bluray player.
B000055Y0X|5.0|For years I have heard about this movie, and I finally bought it at a time when I had the opportunity to watch it. Wonderful!! Sellers is a comic genius, and the subtly of the laughs is the great thing in Dr. Strangelove.
B000EXDS5M|5.0|I know every line of this movie, and it is such a classic that everyone should see it (many times!).
B0009W5K0Y|5.0|Excellent.  From start to finish each and every song is listen worthy and shouldnt really be skipped at all.  I found myself humming along in no time and loving each minute of it.  It took me more than awhile to get this cd because i hadnt really heard of them.  If i hadnt checked the FBR site. I might have missed them altogether.  Just goes show perservance kinda pays off.  No real favorites here because All We Know is Falling flows from song to song and before you know it the cd is done.  But thats beauty of it because you just start it all over again like a new experience.  Hot debut from a band on its way up and have nothing but talent to carry them there.<br /><br />It is a tad bit on the short side with 10 songs to it and just over 30 minutes plus a few.  But like i said that's just a minor flaw (very minor) that i saw and doesnt detract from this fine debut from Paramore..take a few minutes and listen.  I certainly believe you will enjoy what you hear.
0061122416|5.0|Delivery is quick, and the item I received was exactly how it was described by the seller. No bad surprise!
B000JCETC4|5.0|As Usual David G, do a great work wit this album. Soft, gentle and with Floyd air.
B000F4LPJ6|5.0|Battle Royale is the absolute best sub-titled film. The underlying philosophical points in the movie provide plenty of food for thought, but even if you ignore them, there's plenty of action to keep you on the edge of your seat. At the VERY least, find someone who has this, and watch it.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|One of the great little movie's you'll enjoy and your wife'll enjoy and you'll be disappointed when it's over. Just buy adn let yourself be immersed in romantic entertainment!
0307275639|5.0|This book will give a whole new outlook on what is important to help us on this journey we all go on. Life is truly a journey and this book will uplift and inspire one to let go of some of the baggage we try to take with us, baggage that is not important.
159562015X|3.0|It is so much like many other offerings on the market. Its fast paced testing method is hampered by any distraction ... and we all have distractions.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|This movie is a very well made and the casting is great.  It varies only slightly from the novel by Elizabeth Gaskell but does an excellent job of retaining the spirit of the novel.  Well worth your time watching especially if you are a fan of period pieces or Mrs. Gaskell's work.  It is excellent in  telling  the story of the early labor movement that is in the background of  the romance and authentic to the novel.
B000F1IQNM|5.0|This truly hilarious comedy is supported by a brilliant caste: Emma Thompson (Nanny McPhee) and Colin Firth (the father of seven unruly children) whose wife is deceased. He tries a succession of nannies (17) and they all leave within a few days, the last one in just one day! The casting of the children is outstanding and the unruly actions are unimaginable! At last Nanny McPhee agrees to do the job--with a three point program which she pursues doggedly and finally successfully. Knowing that she must leave, the father looks for a mother for his brood. He can't find anyone willing to take on the task. But Nanny comes through for him--transforms a young kitchen maid, long with the family, into a beautiful and well educated young lady. The role of the mother is filled to everyone's satisfaction! A film you won't want to miss--entertainment for the entire family!
0793518326|5.0|As previous reviewers have said, the transcriptions aren't perfect, but the errors are minor enough that anyone with enough of an ear to notice them can fix them. For the amount that this collection is an absolutely awe-inspiring piece of work, I don't think that a few minor errors should count against it.    Many reviewers have had issues with the binding being too thick and the book  too big and cumbersome to balance on a music stand. I fixed this problem by simply taking the book to a copy shop and having them rebind it for me into three volumes. It only cost me ten dollars and it has made my life infinitely easier.
B000RJO578|5.0|Nicholas Angel is one of London's top performing cops- which is why the department is trying to get rid of him. Transferred to a rural town, Nicholas begins to clean up the streets with amusing results.<br /><br />I found the character of Nick Angel to be exceptionally funny and likeable. Partnered with the police chief's son, they make an excellent team. I found the ending to be particularly amusing. If you Like Shaun of the Dead, then you'll like this film. This was a well-made film sure to delight fans of buddy cop drama and humorous police shows. 5 stars.
0553804677|5.0|There are so many bad fantasy books out there.  Often times, I pick one off the library shelf to give a book a shot and am disgusted by the pretentiousness of the \\"story.\\"  More often then not, an author is trying to create a different sort of civilization or theology, but neglects the characters in the process.  Not so with The Lies of Locke Lamora.  For the first 100 pages or so, there are few indications that it is even a fantasy book.  The story is captivating and you care about the characters.  Scott Lynch still manages to do what other authors attempt at: create a new civilization and theology, but it's not in your face.    Two plot lines are interwoven throughout the book.  The first is about Locke Lamora's childhood and how he grew up into his life of crime, his mistakes and other foundational information about the society he lives in.  The second is a tale of Locke as an adult, leading his gang, and some complications, ending with a big finish.  Plot one adds the necessary background to what is happening in plot two, like well done flashbacks in a movie.  I highly recommend this book, especially if you've been frustrated by pretentious fantasy for too long.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This is a great movie!  The plot is easy to follow and if you're well-read and a fan of Homer, the parallels will make you chuckle.  The musical score is amazing and I bought it later just because I wanted to enjoy it outside of viewing the movie.    George Clooney and John Goodman make this movie shine.
B000NQR7NO|1.0|I check the charts frequently to see what's movin'. This album was on a top 20 chart I was looking at. I HATED their last album. And I hate this one too. This is the kind of album \\"anyone could make\\". Now what do I mean by that? It means, that if a group of people who had a moderate amount of skill playing musical instruments decided to \\"get together\\" and \\"hash out some ideas\\", and featured a \\"vocalist\\" who somehow believed he could \\"sing\\", that somehow if they could cobble together the financing to afford studio time, that it would be WORTH recording something. Anything. Nothing - nothing that required any talent, any discernible \\"ear\\" for a song. I listened to this and by the time it was finished, I couldn't recall a single memorable note or phrase. They think they're \\"rocking\\", a \\"sensation\\". But it's nothing but waste in every sense of the word. I call upon Arctic Monkeys to drop \\"Favourite\\" from the title for subsequent future pressings of this cd...not that it sell enough to warrant re-orders.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|I'm glad Kelly fought for this album.  I think it is great and it really shows her range as a writer and a singer.
0440238609|3.0|What Phillip Pullman has managed to do is create an enticing first book which leads you into the second and third without fully understanding what his views are.  As a non-Catholic Christian, I find much of Pullman's ideas plain wrong or illogical.  The books are interesting, but pretty much just a sounding board for Pullman's anti-Christian Views.
B000I2MRHE|5.0|My 4 1/2 month old granddaughter really loves this - she is not able to sit up by herself, but the seat is deep enough to hold her upright with no problem---the only issue I had with it is the width of the seat bottom that comes up between her legs - it is so wide that I had to bunch it together after I put her in it, so that her legs would hang evenly - she can only touch the bottom of the floor with the tips of her toes (and I have it on the lowest setting) but she can still bounce - she is fascinated with all the toys - there are so many interesting things on this gym to keep her entranced.  It was also very easy to put together - the directions can get a little fuzzy, but common sense prevails.  It is well worth the money for the enjoyment she is having and also it will last her for quite some time.  Alot safer to me than the johnny jump-ups that hang from the doorways.
0743496728|5.0|Reading this book made me see through others eyes what it was like during a school shooting and you watch your school mates being shot down my a crazed person...and the panic of parents scrambling to see if there children are alive.    She did a marvelous job on this book, I could read it over and over but I shared it with my friends instead.
B000MZHW40|4.0|... said of the diamond-industry. And, true enough.    While Zwick's film \\"suffers\\" from a similar \\"problem\\" as Terry George's \\"Hotel Rwanda\\" (a critical \\"story\\" told primarily through thoroughly Westernized characters), much like George's work this tactic helps garner the attention of the Western world (and, thus, the \\"problem\\" is entirely forgivable).    While conflict-diamonds have been the subject of countless journalistic-accounts and documentaries, too few Americans seemed to have noticed (BBC News and The History Channel do not seem to be priority-television for many). (And, like many of you, I was incredulous at the posts here which registered surprise that the film has a \\"message\\" ... one is forced to wonder, did these people even know of atrocities in Sierra Leone?! Or were they just buying a DiCaprio film?!) Zwick has done an immense service to the world by creating this work ... and DiCaprio and Hounsou for lending their names and talent.     Kudos to script-writer Leaviitt for fearlessly tackling the \\"dirty\\" side of the diamond-industry. He painted them for the ghouls they really are (The De Beers corporation will happily tell you that they do not buy conflict-diamonds ... what they don't tell you is they have NO real way of knowing ... not even with the Kimberly Process in effect). And though the film concludes with a message to the viewer about demanding conflict-free diamonds, numerous investigations have determined that this process is NOT failsafe and that NO ONE should ever feel confident buying a diamond).     In Zwick's work, Maddy Bowen (Jennifer Connelly) declares that if the Western world understood the horror behind these diamonds, they wouldn't purchase them. I had to pause ... really? Since when do we Westerners (especially Americans) care about the cost of privilege? We continue to support some the most repugnant corporations on this planet. We still buy Nike (guilty of child-labor). We still buy Champion (guilty of child-labor). We stillbuy Coca-Cola (guilty of directly sponsoring Columbian death-squads). We still buy Nestle (guilty of the deaths of countless African children as a result of the formula scandal). And we still support Citibank (notorious for its environmental destruction). Can this film change minds? Maybe (Hopefully!) Will it just be consumed, discussed over beers at Bennigans, and forgotten? Probably.     So what was the ultimate result of Zwick's courageous endeavor? Those in the Western world who have seen this work cannot possibly purchase a diamond without a pang of guilt ... and, for that alone, this film is an epic success. (Even though, I know, Westerners have an uncanny talent for selective-amnesia). Will they still buy diamond rings (and other equally indulgent rubbish)? Probably. But, now when they gaze at those glittering baubles on their hands, maybe ... just maybe ... they will consider those who do not have hands as a result. (Or maybe that's just wishful thinking?)    Suggested viewing: The History Channel's \\"Blood Diamonds.\\" (An in-depth account of the politics and atrocities of the diamond-industry). (Just do a \\"TV Guide\\" search for its next airing!)
B000NVIXDW|5.0|MICHAEL BUBLE IS ONE OF MY FAVORITES.  THIS IS A GOOD ALBUM BUT NOT MY FAVORITE.
B0000DYJM6|4.0|With few exceptions, this collection of previously uncollected Pearl Jam tracks is remarkably good.  My biggest surprise is why some of the better tracks were relegated to b-side status to begin with.      If you are a Pearl Jam fan, you owe it to yourself to obtain this album for your library.  It is not a bunch of low grade throwaways and the price I paid Amazon was very good for a two disc set.  The band has included track by track annotations.
B000088E6D|5.0|THIS WAS THE FIRST ALBUM I BOUGHT OF HIS.  IT IS MY FAVORITE ONE OF ALL HIS.  I HAVE MANY OF HIS BUT ALWAYS GO BACK TO THIS ONE.
B00069FLC2|5.0|Wonderful cd.  I love seeing the group making the music I love and hearing how the Shadows got started.
1594489505|5.0|What I enjoyed the most about both of Hosseini's books is that he introduces me to the cuture and, even if fiction, leaves me with a better understanding and compassion of a culture that I feel our country (USA) does not understand.   I recommend these books for that and also because the stories are compelling.  After Kite Runner, I couldn't imagine Hosseini could tell as good a story.   I was wrong.   A Thousand Splendid Suns is a page turner that has you locked in to these characters from the get-go and then you watch their relationships evolve.    Even better--things are not always what they seem, which makes the final chapters even better.    I'm hoping there are a few more novels in Hosseini's head and I thank him for making his culture more accessible to all of us who need that understanding and compassion for a people.
B000OCXF0Q|2.0|I have her 2 previous albums and I attended her concert a couple years ago. I love her music, so I rushed to the store to get this CD the day it came out. I was not impressed at all with it. It sounds like she is only singing songs that her record company wants her to sing. Her songs were kind of pop-ish before, but this stuff sounds like Britney material.
B000BJS4SU|4.0|This is a great little album, fairly short and sweet, but full of good stuff.  The music is simple and raw, compared to Mayer's earlier work, and Mayer's vocals are allowed to come through free of production and effects.  My only gripe is the discontinuity between the more bluesy pieces and Mayer's traditionally \\"sappier\\" more produced hits.  But, this album show's he's on the right track overall.
1594489505|5.0|This guy is an amazing writer.  I first read the Kite Runner a couple of years ago and couldn't wait to read this book.  He writes well and give such insight into the life in Afgahnistan.  A good read for anyone interested in the countries in the east - not just information but a truly good novel.
B00005JPD0|5.0|So, what does it take for a movie to get my attention? It's an assortment of factors, some of them would be the following: a story that appears intriguing, a director attached that has a solid record of hits, a star or group of stars that I'm a fan of, or merely be a sequel to a movie that I enjoyed. Many times it only takes one of those items to get me interested in a movie, but sometimes it helps to have more than one factor working to a movie's advantage. This is the case of the action-packed thrill ride \\"Deja Vu\\" that stars Denzel Washington (one of my favorite actors), is directed by Tony Scott (director of \\"Man on Fire\\"), and is produced by uber-producer Jerry Bruckheimer (whose movies I thoroughly enjoy 9 times out of 10). With all of those factors together in one movie, this was definitely one film that I wanted to see from the moment I saw the first trailer.    \\"Deja Vu\\" focuses on federal agent Doug Carlin (Denzel Washington) being called in to recover evidence from a deadly ferry explosion that rocked New Orleans. While working the case, Doug is pulled aside to aide in a top-secret government experiment dealing with time-shifting surveillance, basically they can watch events of the past as if it were in the present. The team behind the experiment is hoping that this revolutionary technology will allow them to see the crime before it happened in hopes of catching the person(s) responsible for the heinous act. But can this technology assist in changing the past or merely watching it from the sidelines?    Here is a movie that caught me completely by surprise. I was fairly confident that I was going to be in for an enjoyable action-packed thrill ride, based solely on the facts that Jerry Bruckheimer was producing (a man known for delivering the best action movies in Hollywood) and Tony Scott was directing (whose use of quick cuts and groundbreaking camera work has created some of the most thrilling sequences put to film). Sure this movie delivered explosiveaction and intensity, but what I didn't expect was the use of so much science fiction with the concept of bending time and even some time travel. Surprisingly, the sci-fi aspect actually worked for the film, which couldn't have been easy to execute due to time-themed science fiction being rather difficult to pull off in a way that makes sense, and doesn't create plot holes within the story. But the writers of this movie managed to craft a story that was filled with plenty of action, intriguing drama, and some sci-fi thrown in to mix things up a little bit without allowing the story to become bloated and clunky. Another aspect of this movie that surprised me was Tony Scott's seemingly more reserved direction. After filming both \\"Man on Fire\\" and \\"Domino\\" with such frantic camera work, extremely fast cuts and stylistic color manipulation, it was somewhat relaxing to watch a much more straightforward approach to movie making from this talented director.    Denzel Washington was superb as always in his role as federal agent Doug Carlin. He handles the action and drama with great ease, and even the science fiction aspect seemed like second nature to him, which is a genre he's had very little experience with (his last foray into sci-fi was the lackluster film \\"Virtuosity\\"). The main supporting cast comprised of Val Kilmer and Jim Caviezel provided interesting, three-dimensional characters from a script that seemed to have them painted very thinly, based on their roles and screen time, but these two talented actors made the most of what they were given. It was nice to see Val Kilmer back on the big screen, he's a gifted actor that it seems like we don't see much from anymore (though that may have something to do with his apparent weight gain, a career ender for some in Hollywood). The remainder of the cast were all solid, but weremade up of fairly run-of-the-mill filler characters that were used mostly for exposition.    \\"Deja Vu\\" is a surprisingly original, entertaining thril-ride that grabs you from the opening sequence and never lets go. This is a movie that is a definite must-see, and one that is fun to watch time and again.    \\"Deja Vu\\" is rated PG-13 for violence, language, and brief nudity/sensuality.
032147404X|5.0|Scott Kelby is a great writer, all of his books are easy to undarstand and are a joy to read.  With this Book Scott has explained the essence of photogrphy in terms that are very easy to understand and he gives you great tips and the \\"How and Why\\" for many aspects. I would not reccomend this book to the more experienced photographer but more to the beginner to someone who is looking for gaining more understanding of photography.  All in all, great easy to understand book that you will be able to use to improve your techniques with your camera.  So go out and enjoy yourself with the knowledge that Scott can give you....
0446677450|5.0|This book in its entire context should be mandatory for every person to read that deals with money.  The wording and its organization makes it easy for the lay person to develop an understanding of money and how it best works for us.  Although we all would like to live a financially sound life, it does give the person an opportunity to construct sound ways of being financially sound regardless of their income.  It should be part of a financial education curriculum in schools because the basis for a solid foundation begins there.  It is a book that could be read again and the reader will still gain from it.
B00005JPLW|5.0|This was a great action packed movie and Gerald Butler is my favorite actor.  Shows the true bravery of those 300 men.   This has to be one of my favorite all time movies next to Phantom of the Opera.
0812550706|5.0|I read this in about 2 days, and could not put it down.  I didn't realize there were follow-on books until later, and will get a hold of them soon!
0066620996|4.0|This is one of the all time great business books and one that I particularly enjoyed reading. Business people like to learn what makes other companies great. Good To Great does an excellent job at telling us why companies do well. Having run companies myself I became painfully aware of the need for a book that went beyond \\"why\\" and \\"what\\" companies do but the actual \\"how\\" to do it. That's why I wrote Kiss Theory Good Bye. It gives leaders the step-by-step plan they need to consistently achieve their goals and out execute the competition. It's an excellent companion to Good To Great.  Bob Prosen  Author  Kiss Theory Good Bye[[ASIN:0977684806 Kiss Theory Good Bye:  Five Proven Ways to Get Extraordinary Results in Any Company]]
B000UJCALI|5.0|This disc will feature an enhanced audio/video track for the feature film.  Other features include commentary by Garrett Brown and John Baxter.  There will be the same old \\"Making of the Shining\\" documentary that was featured on the old disc, but there are also three new featurettes: View from The Overlook: Crafting the Shining, The Visions of Stanley Kubrick, and Wendy Carlos, Composer.  All in all, I'd make the purchase based on the video quality and enhanced sound alone.
B00000K3D4|5.0|If you are one that likes classic rock and David Bowie but don't much like musicals....you still will like this. I have 4 boys ages from 15 to 3 and they all love to watch this movie.
0689835604|5.0|Our son got this book as a gift for his 1st birthday and he loves it! He actually gets upset when it's over that I have to read it to him over & over again. It's one of his favorite books!
9707704667|5.0|I got this book as it was recommended by a person I love a lot. She told me that this will be a good reading and she was absolutely right. The way how Mario Vargas Llosa describes every single place, situation and feelig is just something that gets you into the history pretty quickly. It was really hard to stop reading it since i started it. That is why I finished it just in 2 nights. Mischiefs of the Bad Girl was for sure a great novel and was worth the time for sure. I highly recommend it...
B000Q6GUT8|5.0|The movie starts out a little slow and you are not sure what is going on.  But after about 20 minutes the movie really gets rolling and Mark Wahlberg is excellent.  I love the ending.
6305212112|5.0|This is a magical movie that pulls you into it and when it is finished, deposits you back in your living room.  Every character is so well written,and the double story line is done to perfection.   You will want to try Fried Green Tomatoes and go visit Whistle Stop after you see this one!
B000R7HY0K|1.0|In April of this year I went and saw a film, that turned out to be a powerful, artistic cinematic experience that was worth every penny of the twelve bucks I forked over for my ticket. Maybe I'm being a bit dramatic, but that was how I felt when I walked out of the theater. I saw it again a few weeks later, and felt the exact same way that time too. The truth of the matter is, I want to relive the experience to my hearts content. I don't want to do half now and half later. I don't want to fumble around with discs and trying to flip forward through animated menus and all kinds of crap to relive it. I want the experience I had at the theater - both films and all the trailers on one DVD. I will not spend one cent on any of this stuff until the whole experience is available. To tell you the truth, I could give a rip about special features, I just want the complete package.
B00005YU1O|4.0|This movie was originaly recommended to me by a college friend while discussing mild-altering experiences. After seeing it, I now understand why. This movie is an exercise in expanding your mind. It's pretty much one long trip through different \\"conversations\\" the main character is pressumably having regarding how we view our world and what that means. We're never sure exactly how these conversations are taking place and why the main character moves from person to person, but each one tells us something about how we understand our waking/dreaming time. Again, as this movie was recommended during conversations about shrooms and pot, I wasn't sure what to expect but now I have to thank my friend. If you've ever wondered about reality and dreams, this movie shows you you're not alone. It also puts forth some pretty convincing arguments in between interesting stories about life's little quirks.
B000PMGNK4|4.0|For any \\"Ghost in the Shell\\" fan, this is a must see, period.  It really is pretty good.  I don't like people giving things away so I won't either.  Now I know it has a movie time frame already but I thought they could have gone longer even still...  Not to say the ending seemed rushed but it downgraded the movie for me from 5 stars to 4.  It Certainly wasn't the last \\"Ghost in the Shell: 2nd Gig\\" DVD(s).  Those had more of a \\"Lord of the Rings\\" type of time frame/feel since the episodes were all interconnected.  Also it seemed depressing to think, this was or could be the last Ghost in the Shell to come out...  Hopefully not.  They did set it up for another season/movie if they want to but no word from Japan as of yet that I know of...  The DVD extras explain how they made the movie and how for the first time ever a major automobile manufacturer (Nissan/Infiniti) allowed prototypes to be put into an anime.  That in turn created a large buzz in Japan when the movie came out so Nissan could show off the cars in real life.  Being the Nissan Sport Concept & Infiniti Kuraza (2006).
1582701709|1.0|The book reads like a commercial. It advertises a very simple idea that is an actual philosophical truth of sorts, but the author does not approach the subject in an unbiased scientific manner. It lacks depth and at one point I had the feeling those who worked on it developed a feverish pitch that felt cult like in nature.
B000056OBA|5.0|I had this same collection on cassette tapes from long ago. Penguin guide rosetta holder by merit. Highly recommend.
B000EOTAM6|3.0|MTV's Aeon Flux ([[ASIN:B000B8I9XQ Aeon Flux - The Complete Animated Collection]]) was interesting and appealing when it first aired. The portrayal and drawing of the characters were not only appealing but intriguing as well. I thoroughly enjoyed the animated Aeon FLux and I was very excited when I heard this movie was coming out. What a dissapointed. Although the stylistic approach may be there and the storyline is interesting someting just falls flat. The action sequences are good and Theron did a good job. But, none of the elements came together as they should have. Something was defiantely missing, such as a better and a little more ruthless Goodchild and a little colder Flux. There was also something missing from this dystopian future world. It was not that good of a movie. On the other hand, the animated Aeon Flux DVDs ([[ASIN:B000B8I9XQ Aeon Flux - The Complete Animated Collection]]) are excellent.
0743297334|3.0|Actually, I shall say a bit more.  If you are looking for a cliche product of Hemingway, search no farther.  It has a great style, flow, great diction.  However, it is a very dry story.  Through symbolism and imagery and anecdotes, Hemingway manages to describe a theme that could have been described in two paragraphs.  Suggested for Hemingway fans.  Not so much for anyone else.
1582701709|4.0|It's a great read and can be life changing if you buy the premise. Easy to read and good to refer back to.
0393312836|3.0|If you are a fan of the dystopian drama then look no further.  This book has a wonderful and imaginitive plot with a good moral to follow.  Burgess's unique storytelling abilities, combined with the \\"Nadsat\\" dialect which he himself adapted for this novella, makes it a great read for any type of reader!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|The BBC put people in places where they have captured stunning images and moments in natural history.  The HD quality is breath-taking.  I don't like \\"nature shows\\" but I'll watch this collection over and over for its beauty alone.
0634060384|5.0|It's the Real Book, everyone knows of it and most musicians own it.  A great library of standards and tunes that will keep you playing for a long time.  Wonderful for the amateur jazz musician.  I assume most professionals already own it.
B000000W5L|5.0|So, in response to a previous reviewer, I don't like going to the dentist, does that mean I should buy this album? I do go anyway, because I want to avoid the plaque.    This record is one of my favorite artifacts from one of my favorite periods in popular music, and it continues to entertain and inspire many. However, it has been suggested by some reviewers who don't get it that since Mick has made some disparaging comments (never saying Exile was a bad album, just not the Stones' best), it really isn't very good. By most accounts, Mick wasn't very happy with the process or the surroundings during recording of the album, which may have forever skewed his estimation of the quality of the final product. And it is Keith's favorite Stones album, which pretty much overrules Mick and closes the case for me.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Thanks to the camera man and woman to take this incrediable shot and bring it to us. I love our planet.
0141439785|4.0|Reread this one recently - what a great book. This is my favorite of all Hardy's books. The fascinating part of this novel is the protagonist, because he is such a mix of good and bad. He has good and even heroic impulses and acts, and bad and even evil impulses and acts. The way he manages to sabotage the good things he could get reminds me of Lily in the House of Mirth, although Henchard's sabotage is due to through bad temper and anger and insecurity, while Lily's are due to ambivalence. But the trip downward is quite similar. Basically it ends up being the story of a man's self-destruction. What a crime that Hardy's novels were unpopular when he first wrote them, and the bad reviews discouraged him from writing more! I have them all but wish there were more.
0895260131|5.0|I highly recommend this book.  Spencer seems to know what he is talking about and is trying to enlighten us about the dangers that arise from Islam.  I especially liked his comparison of Islam to Christianity and the history of aggression and violence on the part of Muslims.  This is a good expose because many people don't understand what we face from the Islamic world.  It is a timely read while the US is trying to combat terrorism.
B000JVT1U0|4.0|Not your typical movie.  I knew nothing about it going in accept that it is a cult classic and Nick Cage had done a crappy remake.  It is definitely original.  Part horror, part suspense mystery, part musical.  I don't think I have ever seen anything like it before or since.  I recommend if you like films that are very original.
B0000DEP08|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />November 11, 1971 saw Pink Floyd's \\"Meddle\\" commandeer us for a forty-six minute journey through uncharted space destinations.<br /><br />The beauty of the album is age doesn't tarnish it only escalates an already stellar reputation.  When the LP first hit the record store shelves many a consumer concentrated on side 2 (\\"Echoes\\")  and all twenty-three minutes of the musical enlightenment.  Eventually side 1 would get its turn to solidify its rightful place on the rock pedestal.<br /><br />\\"One Of These Days\\" strikes without warning.  Roger Waters bass is a blowtorch as the momentum builds each second.  A truly legendary opener for a rock record.  \\"A Pillow Of Winds\\" may be the most forgotten song on the recording but that only shows you what the competition is.  The soft approach with the haunting instrumentation is breathtaking.  \\"Fearless\\" deserves such accolades the rest of the album could be blank and it would still deserve to be proudly displayed in any collection.  The perfect synergy of Gilmour's guitar and the vocal inflection show the craftsmanship of a tremendous composition.  \\"San Tropez\\" could take a spot on a Kinks release from the mid to late sixties.  It certainly is a departure from the theme thus far but sometimes opposites attract and that analogy is proper here.  \\"Seamus\\" throws the kitchen sink at us and if you ducked in time you can appreciate the results.  Gilmour plays a bit of the blues, the animals are out of the barn, and the piano holds it together very well.  Did anyone have advanced warning of what would happen next?  \\"Echoes\\" gives the feeling you are on some interplanetary voyage.  The term \\"Space Rock\\" has been used as frequently as the population grows but maybe it is the best choice.  The entire journey that takes up almost half the record is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"rd is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.                      Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B000QXDED6|3.0|Remember, this is a movie made from a comic book.  Keep that in mind and it all goes down a lot easier.  It's full of complete claptrap about \\"liberty\\" and \\"rights,\\" about which Sparta knew practically nothing.  The cruelty and tyranny of Sparta are only barely hinted at.  Judging from the beefcake, however, it's clear that that martial city had some mighty Olympian weightlifting gyms.    There's blood and gore aplenty as the Spartans lay repeated [...]-whuppin's on the invading Persians.  But the comic book imitation made it all look a little unreal and thus much less shocking than other modern sword-and-toga movies.  The sepia tones, the monsters, and the extraordinarily indestructible (until the end) Spartans made it hard to take all of this seriously.  Some of the cornpone dialogue was unintentionally funny too.  In true Hollywood fashion, the hero soldiers in 300 inflict huge damage on the enemy while taking only light losses themselves, dealing with elephants, vast armies, monsters, and thunderstorms of arrows with competence and aplomb.  Yet in the final battle, when it's time to wrap things up, they're massacred in just moments.    Of course, there's betrayal of the Spartans both by a grotesque hunchback and by a politician in Sparta.  The latter was incredibly stupid enough to be carrying around gobs of Persian gold coins he'd been bought off with, sealing his doom as a traitor and as a first class moron.    There were some great moments in 300.  Xerxes, the Persian god-king, was fascinatingly portrayed as a bejeweled, beringed giant.  Totally unhistorical but a total hoot. His conveyance was pure inspiration too. The clouds of arrows were creepily impressive. A couple of scenes were ripped off from Lord of the Rings and Gladiator, but they still worked.    The battle at Thermopylae is one of the western world's marvels.  With a handful of men the Spartans stymied for the time being a vast Persian army.  It's a great story.  The nudity and gore fully justify the R rating. If you watch the movie as nothing more than a very loosely based, vivid comic book rendering of one of history's great battles, and can put up with the frequent slo-mo scenes, you might get a kick out of it.
B000GUK72U|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />November 11, 1971 saw Pink Floyd's \\"Meddle\\" commandeer us for a forty-six minute journey through uncharted space destinations.<br /><br />The beauty of the album is age doesn't tarnish it only escalates an already stellar reputation.  When the LP first hit the record store shelves many a consumer concentrated on side 2 (\\"Echoes\\")  and all twenty-three minutes of the musical enlightenment.  Eventually side 1 would get its turn to solidify its rightful place on the rock pedestal.<br /><br />\\"One Of These Days\\" strikes without warning.  Roger Waters bass is a blowtorch as the momentum builds each second.  A truly legendary opener for a rock record.  \\"A Pillow Of Winds\\" may be the most forgotten song on the recording but that only shows you what the competition is.  The soft approach with the haunting instrumentation is breathtaking.  \\"Fearless\\" deserves such accolades the rest of the album could be blank and it would still deserve to be proudly displayed in any collection.  The perfect synergy of Gilmour's guitar and the vocal inflection show the craftsmanship of a tremendous composition.  \\"San Tropez\\" could take a spot on a Kinks release from the mid to late sixties.  It certainly is a departure from the theme thus far but sometimes opposites attract and that analogy is proper here.  \\"Seamus\\" throws the kitchen sink at us and if you ducked in time you can appreciate the results.  Gilmour plays a bit of the blues, the animals are out of the barn, and the piano holds it together very well.  Did anyone have advanced warning of what would happen next?  \\"Echoes\\" gives the feeling you are on some interplanetary voyage.  The term \\"Space Rock\\" has been used as frequently as the population grows but maybe it is the best choice.  The entire journey that takes up almost half the record is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"rd is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.                      Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
0689853491|5.0|This was an instant hit with my 4 year old...well...a...I kinda had more fun than him the first time.  He loves it, this is just plain fun to read. A Must Must Must have for your kids library.
B000002U8G|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />November 11, 1971 saw Pink Floyd's \\"Meddle\\" commandeer us for a forty-six minute journey through uncharted space destinations.<br /><br />The beauty of the album is age doesn't tarnish it only escalates an already stellar reputation.  When the LP first hit the record store shelves many a consumer concentrated on side 2 (\\"Echoes\\")  and all twenty-three minutes of the musical enlightenment.  Eventually side 1 would get its turn to solidify its rightful place on the rock pedestal.<br /><br />\\"One Of These Days\\" strikes without warning.  Roger Waters bass is a blowtorch as the momentum builds each second.  A truly legendary opener for a rock record.  \\"A Pillow Of Winds\\" may be the most forgotten song on the recording but that only shows you what the competition is.  The soft approach with the haunting instrumentation is breathtaking.  \\"Fearless\\" deserves such accolades the rest of the album could be blank and it would still deserve to be proudly displayed in any collection.  The perfect synergy of Gilmour's guitar and the vocal inflection show the craftsmanship of a tremendous composition.  \\"San Tropez\\" could take a spot on a Kinks release from the mid to late sixties.  It certainly is a departure from the theme thus far but sometimes opposites attract and that analogy is proper here.  \\"Seamus\\" throws the kitchen sink at us and if you ducked in time you can appreciate the results.  Gilmour plays a bit of the blues, the animals are out of the barn, and the piano holds it together very well.  Did anyone have advanced warning of what would happen next?  \\"Echoes\\" gives the feeling you are on some interplanetary voyage.  The term \\"Space Rock\\" has been used as frequently as the population grows but maybe it is the best choice.  The entire journey that takes up almost half the record is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"rd is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.                      Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B000OONQ9O|3.0|I still think this movie is a classic, but allowing the director to change his vision 20-some years down the line resulted in a movie that is less than the original. The comic book scene transitions are jarring and yank you right out of the movie. Maybe this really is the movie he intended to make originally. I'm sure that if I'd seen this movie back then I would still have been impressed, but having seen the original cut I'm less than fond of the Ultimate Director's Cut. Luckily I still have my memories (and original DVD).    That said, the picture quality of this disc is obviously head-and-shoulders above that early DVD. I'm just afraid that the only time it'll be taken out of the cabinet and shown is when I want to rant about the disservice that was done to the movie by releasing this cut.  Maybe \\"sometime in the future\\" there will be a HD release of the original.
B000IZQ9CK|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />November 11, 1971 saw Pink Floyd's \\"Meddle\\" commandeer us for a forty-six minute journey through uncharted space destinations.<br /><br />The beauty of the album is age doesn't tarnish it only escalates an already stellar reputation.  When the LP first hit the record store shelves many a consumer concentrated on side 2 (\\"Echoes\\")  and all twenty-three minutes of the musical enlightenment.  Eventually side 1 would get its turn to solidify its rightful place on the rock pedestal.<br /><br />\\"One Of These Days\\" strikes without warning.  Roger Waters bass is a blowtorch as the momentum builds each second.  A truly legendary opener for a rock record.  \\"A Pillow Of Winds\\" may be the most forgotten song on the recording but that only shows you what the competition is.  The soft approach with the haunting instrumentation is breathtaking.  \\"Fearless\\" deserves such accolades the rest of the album could be blank and it would still deserve to be proudly displayed in any collection.  The perfect synergy of Gilmour's guitar and the vocal inflection show the craftsmanship of a tremendous composition.  \\"San Tropez\\" could take a spot on a Kinks release from the mid to late sixties.  It certainly is a departure from the theme thus far but sometimes opposites attract and that analogy is proper here.  \\"Seamus\\" throws the kitchen sink at us and if you ducked in time you can appreciate the results.  Gilmour plays a bit of the blues, the animals are out of the barn, and the piano holds it together very well.  Did anyone have advanced warning of what would happen next?  \\"Echoes\\" gives the feeling you are on some interplanetary voyage.  The term \\"Space Rock\\" has been used as frequently as the population grows but maybe it is the best choice.  The entire journey that takes up almost half the record is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"lmost half the record is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
0823016714|5.0|I'd used this book often when drawing my manga. However do note that the facial expressions are mostly very exaggerated. When drawing my characters talking or just a gentle smile, I could not find reference from there.I'd to use a mirror. I hope there's a volume two with two people interacting with each other and different camera angles.
B00005HYH8|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />November 11, 1971 saw Pink Floyd's \\"Meddle\\" commandeer us for a forty-six minute journey through uncharted space destinations.<br /><br />The beauty of the album is age doesn't tarnish it only escalates an already stellar reputation.  When the LP first hit the record store shelves many a consumer concentrated on side 2 (\\"Echoes\\")  and all twenty-three minutes of the musical enlightenment.  Eventually side 1 would get its turn to solidify its rightful place on the rock pedestal.<br /><br />\\"One Of These Days\\" strikes without warning.  Roger Waters bass is a blowtorch as the momentum builds each second.  A truly legendary opener for a rock record.  \\"A Pillow Of Winds\\" may be the most forgotten song on the recording but that only shows you what the competition is.  The soft approach with the haunting instrumentation is breathtaking.  \\"Fearless\\" deserves such accolades the rest of the album could be blank and it would still deserve to be proudly displayed in any collection.  The perfect synergy of Gilmour's guitar and the vocal inflection show the craftsmanship of a tremendous composition.  \\"San Tropez\\" could take a spot on a Kinks release from the mid to late sixties.  It certainly is a departure from the theme thus far but sometimes opposites attract and that analogy is proper here.  \\"Seamus\\" throws the kitchen sink at us and if you ducked in time you can appreciate the results.  Gilmour plays a bit of the blues, the animals are out of the barn, and the piano holds it together very well.  Did anyone have advanced warning of what would happen next?  \\"Echoes\\" gives the feeling you are on some interplanetary voyage.  The term \\"Space Rock\\" has been used as frequently as the population grows but maybe it is the best choice.  The entire journey that takes up almost half the record is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"lmost half the record is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B0000AKCLS|5.0|UN F@#$@#belivable. Kenny wayne who. Joe B. should be a household name in the blues rock world. That's all I have to say.
B000LZQS82|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />November 11, 1971 saw Pink Floyd's \\"Meddle\\" commandeer us for a forty-six minute journey through uncharted space destinations.<br /><br />The beauty of the album is age doesn't tarnish it only escalates an already stellar reputation.  When the LP first hit the record store shelves many a consumer concentrated on side 2 (\\"Echoes\\")  and all twenty-three minutes of the musical enlightenment.  Eventually side 1 would get its turn to solidify its rightful place on the rock pedestal.<br /><br />\\"One Of These Days\\" strikes without warning.  Roger Waters bass is a blowtorch as the momentum builds each second.  A truly legendary opener for a rock record.  \\"A Pillow Of Winds\\" may be the most forgotten song on the recording but that only shows you what the competition is.  The soft approach with the haunting instrumentation is breathtaking.  \\"Fearless\\" deserves such accolades the rest of the album could be blank and it would still deserve to be proudly displayed in any collection.  The perfect synergy of Gilmour's guitar and the vocal inflection show the craftsmanship of a tremendous composition.  \\"San Tropez\\" could take a spot on a Kinks release from the mid to late sixties.  It certainly is a departure from the theme thus far but sometimes opposites attract and that analogy is proper here.  \\"Seamus\\" throws the kitchen sink at us and if you ducked in time you can appreciate the results.  Gilmour plays a bit of the blues, the animals are out of the barn, and the piano holds it together very well.  Did anyone have advanced warning of what would happen next?  \\"Echoes\\" gives the feeling you are on some interplanetary voyage.  The term \\"Space Rock\\" has been used as frequently as the population grows but maybe it is the best choice.  The entire journey that takes up almost half the record is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"rd is never dull and you are not concentrating on the clock but the finale as the record raises the bar to a crescendo.  If memory serves me well the saga we call \\"Meddle\\" needed four engineers to help make everything worthy for takeoff.                      Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
0743554450|5.0|How few books that you read are really worth your time.  This wonderful adventure in literature is so worth your time and effort.  This might be the best  book  that I have ever read.
B000P2A24W|4.0|Thought the album was very good. My favorites are tracks #4 and #5.  Track #5 with Big and Rich just makes you want to get up and dance.
B000LAZDQA|4.0|If you are looking for raw sex and some psychological motivation for getting, staying, and/or being involved, then this movie is right for you. There is a little something for everyone!
B0009S2T0M|3.0|This movie was not what I expected. It kept you guessing til the end. It wasn't my cup of tea but if you like gore you'll enjoy it.
B000268QB2|5.0|This is cd has several songs that I really enjoy on it.  I also have their \\"Under the Iron Sea\\" which is another that has some great songs.
B00000JXVK|5.0|This is still the best presentation of the fun of motorcycling ever made. While the bikes are a bit dated now, the attitudes conveyed whether it is racing or just having fun are still the reasons for riding today as they were then.  The opening shots of Mert Lawill flat track racing are stupendous and it is a wonder that flat track racing is not more popular today. The presentation of just plain folks riding and having fun conveys the essence of the motorcycle experience. Buy this movie and more importantly start riding! If you are a rider the movie will be just as fun and more so as you will be more familiar with many of the experiences being shown.
B000MV9026|5.0|Terrific little family show. Being different is not a bad thing. We loved seeing the movie.
B00005JPLW|4.0|I personally did not see the DVD, but the person who saw it, about 35 years old, said it was great.  Watched it twice the day he got it.  I did not think I would like it because of the violence.
B00005JNS0|5.0|Loved this one in the theatre,so had to get it. Fun for all ages. Good show!!
0783229364|4.0|The Secret of My Success came out around the same time that some serious movies about Coporate America were being produced (i.e., Wall Street, Other People's Money).  This movie is a nice, light-hearted contrast to those movies.  It centers around a young college graduate (played by the ever-talented Michael J. Fox) who realizes that he can't break into the corporate world by starting at the bottom, and so masquerades as a high-level executive in order to get his foot in the door.  He comes very close to pulling this off, owing in no small part to the incompetence of many of his fellow executives (especially the CEO and his \\"enforcer\\").  Of course, he falls in love with a female executive, and this causes another set of challenges.  This is definitely an entertaining movie (that offers a nice reflection on '80s culture as well).
B000OVLBF8|3.0|I thought the story line was interesting and the acting was good. I also enjoyed the special effects. Eva was as lovely as ever.
B000AYEL6U|4.0|Another wonderful English period piece showing that England also has differences between the north and south.  Strong hints of Pride-&-Prejudice type story.  Acting well done.
B000053VAZ|5.0|A wonderful but somewhat little-known film that continues to add to the range of Johnny Depp.
B00004RYZT|5.0|In all my days as a musician, I had never imagined a live show like I saw when I booted up Live Aus Berlin.  Remember Kiss?  They had an idea and then learned to play. Members of RAMMSTEIN could PLAY first and then got together to become the definitive HARD ROCK GODS of the 20th century!  This is the best live show I've ever witnessed.  I only wish I could have been there in 1998!  Myself and the members of the band I play in, intend to be in Germany for the next RAMMSTEIN show!!!
B000KRNCYY|5.0|\\"A New Journey\\"-Celtic Woman is a keeper! I loved the fiddle playing. This CD gets better and better every time I listen. Just one flaw, if you got to see the real performance on public TV like I did, it of course loses some of it's charm with just listening, so I suggest you get the video along with the music, you'll thank me later. Still, A New Journey delivers real Irish enjoyment.
B000003RCY|5.0|I'm a newbie to Rammstein - I've heard all they have recorded - Herzeleid is the heart and soul of Rammstein.  They wrote and performed with passion and conviction.  No stardom to smear their creativity.  RAW and HEAVY!  Look up the translations only if you're hardened by life's lessons.  HERZELEID!!!    Live aus Berlin (DVD) is my second choice.  RAMMSTEIN!!!
B000RIHBIE|4.0|This cd was nice but i think it was a little to emo though. i love march of the dogs though. keep it up, SUM 41
B000QXDED6|5.0|This is a great remake of 300 Spartans. The original was really great, but this version has the special effects and lots of violence.
1416523359|3.0|What a bizarre story Stephen King chose to tell!  Although it was difficult to get past the first hundred pages, the story was weird enough to grasp my interest and spur me on to finish the book.  Through the second half of the book, I found myself trying to intellectualize Lisey's ability to internalize and actually experience Scott's profound mental illness, and then transfer that \\"skill\\" to bring her sister back from a catatonic episode. Although very creative and imaginative, I didn't find the book particularly satisfying or believable.  I didn't love it, but I can't say I hated it either. I would have preferred to have hated it over the ambivalence it left me with.
0743201140|5.0|Book was received quickly and matched the description, in new condition.  Very pleased with the transaction!
B000TGJ80S|4.0|I Love Almost Everything About This Film.<br />Beautiful Sets. Beautiful Costumes. Beautiful Cinematography.<br />Great Adaptation Of The Story. Great Acting. Except...<br />Please Notice That Whenever KEANU REEVES Appears On Screen, The Air Is Totally Sucked Out Of The Film!<br />Could He PLEASE Have At Least A Little Energy?<br />If You Can Make It Through His Time On The Screen Without Passing Out Or Throwing Something At Your TV, As A Dracula Fan, You Should Enjoy This Film.
0345494768|5.0|Before this book came out, the greatest making of book in star wars lore was Once Upon A Galaxy.  Now it has a partner!!!  This book is amazing; truly a magnificent look at what it took to get this film on the screen.  Not only do you get hundreds of never before seen and priceless photos, the sheer amount of text is incredibly impressive.  This was very hard work to put together.  There isnt much more I can add about this book.  So.......go buy it; and Happy 30th Star Wars!!!
B000KX0IOA|4.0|The film opens with Gandhi's assassination. The next scene, his funeral, is one of the greatest scenes in cinematic history. Attenborough managed to recreate Gandhi's funeral on January 31st, 1981, the 33rd anniversary of the actual funeral. It is estimated that nearly 400,000 people were on hand to be a part of the filming the recreation. This film was made before CGI, so the funeral scene is probably the last live action crowd of that magnitude that will ever be filmed.<br /><br />Chronicling the rich, unforgettable life of a one Mohandas K. \\"Mahatma\\" Gandhi - played to shocking perfection by the wonderful Sir Ben Kingsley -this is a film that I can say really, deeply affected me with its power, its scale, and of course, its timeless message of love and non-violence. As a matter of fact, ever since I first saw the film, and became much more aware of the back story, I can also say that Gandhi is now one of my biggest role models in life. I cannot fully express how much this great man's way of thinking - his words, his struggles, his accomplishments - has affected my own.<br /><br />Ben Kingsley played Gandhi. He was the perfect for the role. He resembled the real Gandhi. He was young enough to portray Gandhi as a young man. He is a British actor that nailed the British influenced Indian accent. He is a wonderful actor that was patient and humble with such an important part. And he was a relatively unknown actor at the time, so the \\"big-time actor\\" persona did not get in the way of viewing the film.<br /><br />No other film biography I ever have seen works so well. It will stand the test of time and inform multiple generations.
B000LRY9PY|4.0|I really like the first CD in this set.  I play it often.  But, I've only played the second one a couple of times.  Just doesn't have the same appeal as the first one.  She is a great artist, though!  I like her unique style.
B00007KWHG|5.0|What great music!  I recently saw jersey Boys in LA and had their music stuck in my head.  I highly recommend both the CD and seeing the broadway production.  GREAT STUFF!
1580084621|5.0|This is one of the best recipe books I have come across. Although some of the ingredients may be very hard to get your hands on, it is by far the most authentic in terms of history of thai cuisine is concerned
B000002897|4.0|\\"Sweet Oblivion\\" (1992) is mellifluous, yet a rocking groove permeates at the same time that will make heads bop and back heels stomp, again and again. Aching lyrics express a longing and sense of being lost by Mark Lanegan's tired-yet-energetic vocals on eleven tracks. The Screaming Trees, although considered to be part of the grunge scene since the band formed in 1985 out of Ellensburg, Washington, were more akin to a psychedelic blues sound than the stereotypical teenage angst that was prevalent in many of the other grunge bands.    The Conner brothers of Gary Lee (lead guitar) and Van (bass) support Lanegan with infectious melodies. Barrett Martin (drums) rounds out the sound with a steady backbeat that capitalizes on Lanegan's bellows for mercy and understanding. The last stanza of \\"Shadow of the Season\\" echoes the album's bleakness but steadfastness to carry on despite the darkness. \\"In the shadow of the season/ To find a reason to carry on/ In the shadow of the season/ To find a reason to carry on/ Find a reason to carry on/ To carry on/ To find a reason to carry on/ To carry on.\\"    \\"Nearly Lost You\\" is the most recognizable track due to its inclusion on the \\"Singles\\" movie soundtrack. But there are several other catchy songs such as \\"Dollar Bill,\\" \\"Butterfly,\\" and \\"Winter Song.\\" After hearing \\"Winter Song\\" one may see why the label of grunge is a negating factor in truly describing the Screaming Trees sound.  \\"Jesus knocking on my door/ Late last night and early this morning/ Window glass, rusted and weary/ I went straight through/ Didn't hear no warning.\\"    In short, \\"Sweet Oblivion\\" is not whiny or self-absorbed. The maturity in the lyrics and voice of Lanegan keeps the album closer to an old bluesman singing about life's woes. There are enough concrete images such as Jesus and bullets, but also enough ambiguity to transform the lyrics to poetic lines and make the song the listener's own. As the last track plays, \\"Julie Paradise,\\" the album closes with,\\"Julie your mother cried/ Sent home a bullet for the family/ That's how your father died/ Died a broken and lonely man/ Something's going wrong in my mind/ Something's going wrong inside/ I'm thinking... paradise/ Paradise... paradise.\\" Perhaps the Screaming Trees sound is more comfortable on Beale Street than Pike Place, either way, \\"Oh sweet oblivion feels alright.\\"    Bohdan Kot
6305752672|3.0|I own this ppv and i got to say they could have done a little better with this one. Goldberg vs Sid had to be stopped by the ref allowing Goldberg to win the us title then go on to beat sting for the world title (which the next night he was stripped due to the fact it wasn't an offical WCW title match) And it was Hogan and Sting for the belt till hogan layed down in a weird moment in wrestling. Not the best Halloween Havoc but one we will remember take care
B000KN7BOA|5.0|Forty years later Bee Gees first uk  release is given the Rhino Warner BroS,Treatment,New York Mining Disaster 1941 Its Flipside in the UK I Cant See Nobody,  To Love Somebody,  Every Christian Will Show You,All in Excellent Stereo The Mono Versions Of The Complete Album follow but in this case  they are for Fun or Comparison Only As A Flick Of The Remote Will Show,Please Read Me is as the extensive and detailed booklet says sublime, Also two other versions of New York Mining Disaster 1941,Close Another Door, Holiday,also are a part of this essential sixties classic,Highly Recommended,  listen to the track I Close My Eyes ,Its Noel and Liam great stuff
B000BW7QWW|4.0|I love the Serenity and Captain Reynolds, but the television show is soooo much better than the movie.  More humor, less death and much better character development.  But, the tv show is gone and we have to get our fix where we find it.
B000FVNX2Q|4.0|The product I bought which is the HP 12c edition was very good.   Everything was new.   When I got the package, the item was sealed really good so that the product won't get damage.   I recommend my friends to buy stuff here in the Amazon.
B00005JPLW|5.0|When I saw this movie in theaters I thought it was going to be just another gory war flick, but it has turned out to be one of my favorite movies. It has a rich plot and characters you respect right away. The cinematography was beautiful and the music was unexpected and great. I took all my friends to see it and pre-ordered it months before it came out. You will love this movie!
B00003W8NM|4.0|When reviewing a Collector's Edition DVD, we have to understand that we are judging the item as a collector's edition DVD not the film itself. When you buy the collector's edition, you make a commitment and understanding that the film is already good and you know you want to watch it and the the only truly debatable issue is the packaging<br /><br />So, judging of movie content aside, let's review the product- as a collector's edition item- and not the film itself.<br /><br />There is only one reason why I would suggest against buying this product:<br /><br />1. The packaging sucks when compared to the former collector's edition releases because<br /><br />a) the glossy finish falls flat when you realize that the original effect is supposed to be brown paper wrapping. Way back on the first collector's edition release and up till this recent one, Fox made the packaging matte so that it actually had that gritty feel of paper.<br /><br />b) this glossy finish is also on the inside insert which just makes the entire thing look cheap<br /><br />c) the spine design is crap compared to the original releases.<br /><br />Now why SHOULD you buy this product?<br /><br />1. The extra materials included (though not exactly the wealth one would expect) are worth the watch<br /><br />2. For a collector's edition DVD, the tag was pretty cheap so I gobbled it up.<br /><br />The movie, without a doubt is definitely worth what you pay for but the packaging was a downer. Packaging is everything on collector's edition items. But, I still recommend this product. Buy it, I strongly suggest.
B000Q6GURU|5.0|A must see for any Samuel Jackson fan.Really a must see if your a Ricci fan.
B000PY52EU|2.0|It would be too easy to dismiss this strangely unsatisfying 2007 film entirely because I can't tell whether director/writer Craig Brewer ([[ASIN:B000BITUWU Hustle & Flow]]) is trying to satirize the Southern gothic sensibilities of a Tennessee Williams potboiler or replicate the excesses of an early 1970's blaxploitation movie. Either way, he cannot seem to pull off his audacious premise which involves a cuckolded blues guitarist who enchains a nymphomaniac to his radiator. If the film was played out as over-the-top as the premise, then it might have had a fighting chance, but as it stands, Brewer is too ensconced in his chicken-fried fable to mine the potential black comedy in this hilariously preposterous exercise.<br /><br />The hackneyed plot centers on the appropriately named Lazarus, a self-righteous man stinging from his wife's decision to leave him for his younger brother. Meanwhile, a skeletal nymphomaniac, Rae, is so distraught over her boyfriend Ronnie leaving for the army that she goes on a hedonistic meltdown involving alcohol, prescription drugs and indiscriminate sex. A violent episode leaves her unconscious on the road where Lazarus finds her limp body. The rest of the film focuses on how the principals change from the ordeal but not before facing a lot of inner demons along the way. However, unlike [[ASIN:B000BITUWU Hustle & Flow]], I cannot really say that I cared about the fate of these misbegotten characters at the end. Brewer just can't seem to connect the absurdity of the central situation with anything resembling real life, which ironically may be exactly his point here.<br /><br />The actors try hard to breathe empathetic life into the overripe characters, but they are ultimately defeated by the lurid dimensions of the story. As Lazarus, Samuel L. Jackson almost makes the situation palatable and even sings several blues numbers with surprising conviction, but Christina Ricci makes Rae a primal stockpile of white trash clich&eacute;s on top of a condescending back story. Justin Timberlake is completely out of his league as Ronnie and neutralizes every scene he's in with his amateur standing as an actor. Look for former child star Kim Richards ([[ASIN:B0001IMCAW Escape to Witch Mountain]]) as Rae's defeated mother and a doozy of a fight scene between the two in a grocery store. The 2007 DVD has plenty of extras including an enthusiastic commentary track by Brewer and a half-hour making-of documentary, \\"Conflicted: The Making of Black Snake Moan\\". There are a couple of shorter featurettes about the music and five deleted scenes.story. Justin Timberlake is completely out of his league as Ronnie and neutralizes every scene he's in with his amateur standing as an actor. Look for former child star Kim Richards ([[ASIN:B0001IMCAW Escape to Witch Mountain]]) as Rae's defeated mother and a doozy of a fight scene between the two in a grocery store. The 2007 DVD has plenty of extras including an enthusiastic commentary track by Brewer and a half-hour making-of documentary, \\"Conflicted: The Making of Black Snake Moan\\". There are a couple of shorter featurettes about the music and five deleted scenes.
B00009P1O2|5.0|this sums up one of the greatest crowd orintated bands in the world ,there will never be another queen or freddie mercury sadly, the ultimate live rock dvd,this shows what you pay your money for when you go to see a live concert sadly there are few bands left that can come close to what this dvd shows of queen
B000H6SXMY|4.0|OK - Friends \\"is\\" Friedns and I've enjoyed it as I hoped I would have.  The annoying thing is, there are six packs of DVDs - but there have been 10 series.  You have to flip a book to find what you would like to watch even if you know what series you are looking for.  I can see why you can not pack them into 10 but I would rather they had done it.
B000P0J09W|5.0|I feel this is the best movie ever. I watch it all the time, its a great pick me up film and great on a rainy or snowy day. I wish the film company would release the extended version with the deleted scenes. This is a must buy for everyone.
B000BMPQUG|4.0|I saw them on the Diana Concert this summer so decided to pick up the CD.  Good not great
B000QUCNOK|3.0|the movie was ok,<br /> I hear that the book was truly great.... maybe I should have just read it...<br />the main charater was interesting to watch, but, I felt, in the end, that there must have been a lot that either didn't make it into the movie or needed to be told not shown.<br />At the end of the day(movie) I didn't think \\"there is two + hours of my life I will never get back\\" but if I hadn't seen it I don't think it would be a great loss to my life either.
B00007KWHP|5.0|still some of the best music around, South Side of the Sky is one of the best tunes out there, very good album from start to finish
B000RO9PXC|5.0|This is absolutely live and absolutely great Doors!  I saw them later this same year at the Univerity of Wisconsin and this dual show on an April day in Boston was by far the better show.  There are several priceless gems in the new Doors series of live shows and the Detroit and Philadelphia shows are always great.  It is amazing how the same songs can be so different at different shows, a testament to the improvisational abilities of the greatest rock band in history.
B000P2A24W|4.0|A little country/westernly which I am not a fan of but very good to listen to.
B000RJO58M|5.0|WOW - what an AMAZING picture 5 STARS best pic quality I've seen on any HD disk
B00020HEL6|5.0|She is a breath of fresh air. We are used to seeing her on still standing TV show. Renee has a great future ahead, and hope to see her live, some day.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|AWESOME story  AWESOME picture quality  AMAZING sound     HD-DVD TRULY is the REAL DEAL
B00005K9QP|5.0|If you would like to hear some early Eric Clapton and some great Blues, John Mayall's Blues Breakers is the classic for your collection. It doesn't get any better than this folks. \\"Slow Hand\\" is just developing into a star when this came out and this is a can't miss gift for any Clapton fan.<br />Blorno
B000PFU7OO|4.0|I loved the movie and found the music haunting me afterward.  I waited sometime before I ordered the CD, but have been listening to it constantly since.  The first 2 tracks leave me refreshed.
0060763892|3.0|Sorry, but The Judas Strain just does not do it for me.  I have stuck with Mr. Rollins through 9 novels and have noticed a definite trend; each one is weaker than the last.  His first 3 books were very good but it appears that Mr. Rollins has entered the pulp, cookie-cutter stage of his writing life.  I think this will be my last Rollins work although I did enjoy Kowalski in The Judas Strain;  he was the only real life character in the entire book.  The Judas Strain; a good plot in search of a story, real characters, realistic action, and some kind of believable ending.  Other than that it was an OK shoot'em up bang bang Matt Reilly kind of over-the-top action yawner.  I mean come on folks how many ways can the super hero get out of a tight fix?  And I am not even including sub-heroes, parents, or the lobby bell boy's fixes.  Way too much superfluous action and not enough meat.  I did like the premise concerning Marco Polo though and that is why I started reading the book; this after I had sworn off Mr. Rollins after reading his  previous ultra weak book Black Order.  I have only given up on 4 books in my life so I slogged my way through this weak read.  There were so many problems with The Judas Strain that I simply do not know where to begin.  Superficial characters, weak story, too many characters, too much gratuitous action, and lack of a satisfying ending.  I think that about sums it up.  I gave The Judas Strain a 3 rating because of the basic thesis and use of interesting historical facts.    Character development was weak to average.  You simply must read the previous Sigma Force books or you will be profoundly lost as to who is who and what is what.  No gratuitous violence, language, or sex ALTHOUGH there is simply too much general action.  I think Mr. Rollins uses this technique to cover up his inability to provide a deeper story development.  His first 3 books were very good in this respect and were his best.  Not a recommend unless it is the only book left in the book shop and your flight leaves in 10 minutes.
B000AP04OM|5.0|Whether or not you are a SOUND OF MUSIC fan, this is such a fabulous edition of the classic movie.  My 6 year old daughter and I especially love the Special Features, which include interviews with Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer, the real Von Trapp children, and the 7 actors who played the kids, etc.  It is fun to watch over and over again. I would highly recommend anyone to purchase this one for yourself, for your kids, grandkids, it is good, clean and fun to watch and sing along with.
B000LE1GVW|5.0|Edgar Lee Masters, American poet, says, \\"Genius is wisdom and strength.\\" That describes the youthful strength and talent wisdom of Paolo Nutini. His album, THESE STREETS, combines the pathos of \\"Autumn,\\" the romantic emotionalism of \\"Last Request,\\" and the condensed novel, \\"These Streets.\\"  From Sweet Rock to Down and Dirty, this  handsome Scot with an Italian father is attractive to all ages and genders. THESE STREETS has something for everyone in musical style and poetic message. Scotland and Tuscany have given the rest of the world a treat!
B000FGGE6I|5.0|Another Great Milla Jovovich movie. Good action, Good plot. She looks real good with purple hair.
B000069CWE|2.0|Linkin Park claims that this is a serious project, but somehow it just doesn't sound like it is. There's nothing much to describe it other than to say this: imagine Hybrid Theory with two extra tracks that were taken off the album, a couple of those skit things that you find on most rap CDs, and a short violin part. All that creates a big, sloppy album that is 62% longer than Hybrid Theory (yes, I calculated). The songs from Hybrid Theory, which I like because of their hard-rocking simplicity, are completely messed up. That means annoying electronic noises and loud beats that I think were made from cutting up all the normal guitar parts. In every song there's like three or four different patterns going on at once and it's just a mess. Mike Shinoda seems pretty busy rapping altered verses alongside a ton of guys I've never heard of. The worst song is the remix of \\"One Step Closer\\" which sucks out all the energy of the song and reduces it to a huge pile of electronic fluff (a cameo from Jonathan Davis definitely doesn't help). There is a little bit of good songs here, like a really dark version of \\"Forgotten\\" and an amped-up version of \\"Cure for the Itch\\", but other than that this is just a big loud album that doesn't have any direction to it. Listen to it and you'll just get a massive headache from all the loud noise.
1567184855|5.0|This is an AMAZING documentation of subjects, each sharing insight to \\"life\\" after \\"life\\", spirit world, and each encouter is similar yet different.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is intereted in the \\"after-life\\", rebirth, reincarnation.
B000RJO578|4.0|These Brits know what funny is! The sharp witted quips and barbs come at you fast and furious in typical British fashion, so if your not paying attention, you might miss some of the hilarious one-liners and such. The spoofing sendup of the hollywood action movie at the climax is great fun, as is the whole movie...you'll also get a kick out of the bonus footage of the 3 guys touring the states to promote the movie, although you may never look at cake the same way again! LOL...Good stuff!
0060899190|5.0|This book absolutely amazing and unique. Sure there are 3 books so far from him, all with the same postcard concept, but each book is direct and revealing. I found myself looking into my life and relationships and thinking that the post cards are saying and showing exactly what I felt/remember feeling. The pages are beautiful and colorful along with the words and writing that somehow display exactly what the writer was feeling. Even if you only read a few pages every once in a while, it will ground and humble you, pick you up, and make you want to be a better person. Truly amazing.
0446677450|3.0|This is an easy read (completed it in two days)<br /><br />Most of the book is just emphasizing to take huge risks in order to be rich. I understand the principle, but this book is by no means a good tool to get rich. However, it is a good tool to motivate you to do something about it!
0743289684|5.0|Started  reading this book and could not put it down.  It gave us a candid look into the lifes of a Somalian family, it is very suprising that the women in the family did not work outside of the home and there was not much discusion of their future.  The family circle was abusive and not much love was shown.  They lived in turmoil most of the time, very insecure lives always depending on the kindness of the faternal side of the family for support and money.  Their culture is so very differnet than ours and I felt that the only reason Ms.Ali escaped was because of the western books she had read, that gave her time to day dream of a better future!  Tribes still exist in that part of the world and their culture still remains intact, to make sure it does not change they will kill and maim their own family members to keep it that way.  Women in the West have no idea of the day to day suffering that women indure in a country like Somalia and other Arab countries that Ms.Ali live in.  I feel that if families migrate to the West they will have a difficult time excepting our Western culture!  The cultures are not compatible, we have freedoms that alow us to be free thinkers and take resposibility for our own actions.  Where as Ms. Ali's culture did not alow that to be so.   I sent this book to my 78 year old mother in Europe and she was spellbound all through the book and recomends it highly to all her English reading friends.  Ms. Ali's book will be passed around to all English reading persons in Hungary!    At times we hear of abusive treatment of girls and women in Islam and people question where are the feminists in America why do they not speak up and stand up for other womens rights in Islam, my answer is, it has to start with the women that are suffering, they have to make their voices heard we cannot do it for them! Ms Ali is doing a great job!
B00005JLXE|3.0|Several years ago, it is quite likely that you were one of the millions who bought a ticket to see X-Men or Spiderman in the theater. The massive success of these two movies convinced studio execs that the public was desperate for any and all things Superhero. In short, it is because of you, yes you, that the film Daredevil darkens our world.<br /><br />Daredevil tells the story of lawyer Matt Murdock (Ben Affleck), who due to a childhood accident involving toxic chemicals has no fear. He is thus able to leap off of skyscrapers and land on the ground without shattering his tibias. Along the way he encounters Elektra (Jennifer Garner), who he fights on a teeter-totter, Bullseye (Colin Farrell), who embraces every stereotype about the Irish, (namely that they have really good aim) and Michael Clarke Duncan, who plays against character for once, in his groundbreaking role as A Really Big Guy.<br /><br />Only a fool would choose to leap headfirst into such a world of second tier heroes on his own, and Mike, despite voluntarily spending hours of his time watching Daredevil, is no fool. So his good friends Bill Corbett and Kevin Murphy, (who are both also Men Without Fear) are all along for the ride. It's a trio of crime fighting Riffiness that no Riffaholic should Riff without.
B00006IUL7|5.0|Christopher Nolan's follow-up to his innovative breakthrough hit Memento didn't attract a third of the attention or acclaim of the previous film, despite the presence of three Oscar-winners in lead roles. I feel that Insomnia was unjustly ignored at the box office and even at the Academy Awards. In my opinion, it was one of the best American films of 2002. I had high expectations for Insomnia, considering that Christopher Nolan was directing that Al Pacino and Robin Williams were starring. Happily, my expectations were exceeded. Insomnia is one of the downright best mystery-thrillers in a long time.    I hear many people complain that it's a slow-moving film. Well, this is basically true. It's not concerned with exciting action sequences, shoot-outs or over-the-top acting. It's concerned with the emotions of its characters. It's a psychological drama that puts us inside the head of its lead character, Det. Will Dormer (Al Pacino). In a way, it's sort of a head trip similar to Memento. Memento was a very subjective film that put us in the head of its memory-loss-stricken protagonist. In Insomnia, Pacino's character deals not with memory loss, but with mental instability resulting from sleep deprivation. That's what makes the film fascinating. How the audience gets to experience what's going through Dormer's frazzled mind. He is drawn into a cat and mouse game with the killer he is pursuing, but due to his state of mind, things become very difficult.     Based on a 1997 Norwegian film, Insomnia is a rare remake that manages to be more effective than the original. I should go back and watch the original again, but I found Nolan's film to surpass the original by far. Credit should, however, go to Erik Skjoldbjrg, director and co-writer of the original film. This film would not exist without the wonderful story written by Nikolaj Frobenius and Erik Skjoldbjrg. It's a tense, psychological story of a detective trying to solve a murder case, but plagued by ever-presentsunlight resulting in the titular state, insomnia.     Hillary Seitz's wonderful screenplay is based on that story and director Christopher Nolan weaves it into a stunning and complex mystery. Al Pacino gives one of his most memorable performances of recent years with his subtle take on the beleaguered detective. How Pacino manages to look so deathly exhausted, I don't know. Robin Williams also gives another great dramatic performance. I hoped that Insomnia would receive a few Academy Award nominations, such as Best Director for Nolan, Best Screenplay, Best Actor for Pacino, but the film was snubbed. It was a distant memory by the time Oscar season came around.    Do not make the same mistake as the Academy. Do not overlook this wonderful thriller. Insomnia will make you believe that Christopher Nolan is one of the most talented young directors working in the industry today. Also be sure to catch his first two films, Following (1998) and Memento (2001). Of course, Nolan has since gone on to make the best Batman movie ever (2005's Batman Begins) and the excellent 2006 thriller The Prestige. Anything with Christopher Nolan's name on it is excellent. He is simply one of the finest directors working today. I eagerly await his next project: the Batman Begins sequel, The Dark Knight.
B00005221L|3.0|Something lurks in the dense jungle. Something horrible and cruel, a creature from beyond our world. His name is Arnold Schwarzenegger. He lurks next to another unspeakable creature named Jesse Ventura. And another, goes by the handle Carl Weathers. Who himself lurks next to a monstrous slab of flesh known as Bill Duke. Together, they face down a creature who, quite understandably, hunts them for their skulls, hoping to fetch a fair price for them at the many Open Skull Markets that dot the galaxy. (If you haven't been to one, you must go. Take the kids, because the markets are very family friendly and they have these great Hawaiian Ice stands. And, of course, there's the skulls.)<br /><br />Predator unseals a whole tin of whoop-bottom, trotting out cliches like so many, well, like so many boiled human skulls at the terrific Open Skull Market on Nespus VIII (honestly, I know I sound like I'm raving, but it really is just a great way to spend a Saturday, and it's fairly reasonable, too.)<br /><br />Finally, a good use for your Predator DVD that isn't \\"propping up that one corner of the entertainment stand, the one whose castor you snapped off when you were moving out of that place on Spring Street because you just couldn't hack sharing a place with Beezer anymore, on account of his socks.\\"
0316067598|5.0|Marcus Lattrell and his comrades of Seal Team 10 have taken their place in the pantheon of American heroes.   I could not put this book down, its very well written with action that carries the reader away. What really drives this all home is that its all true.  Marcus starts his story in East Texas-his home where he was brought up with country values and parents that believed in America and what she stands for. At a young age he decided he wanted to be a SEAL. He joined the Navy and began the incredible odessey that would transform him into one of rhose legendary warriors.  Sent on a mission to stake out a camp of Taliban fighters that also contained a very high ranking terror leader, SEAL Team 10 was discovered by accident and all hell broke loose. A bloody firefight ensued between the four members of the SEAL Team and 200 terror fighters. The Seals kill over half of the enemy force but lose three of their own. Marcus is the lone survivor but he`s wounded. Four days of trying to escape and evade the enemy through the brutal Afghan mountains is an incredible story in itself as well as Marcus` stumbling into a place of help.  This is a must read. You will come away with a strong sense of national pride that our armed forces still produces true heroes.    Pat Leslie  Texas
B00005JM0B|3.0|Robots sent from the future into the past to kill people who will one day become important to the war against machines are like cockroaches - no matter how many of 'em you kill, there's always another, showing up one day naked in a little glowing ball of energy (the robots from the future, not cockroaches. Well, to be clear, the cockroaches show up naked as well, but without the little glowing ball of energy.) The point is, humanity's loss is our gain, as Terminator 3 offers another chance for Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger to show off his prodigious acting chops [i.e., his pecs]. Kristanna Loken co-stars as the ruthless Termanatrix, a superior model of robot with, I think you'll agree, a superior bare backside, altogether less hairy, not nearly as Austrian, with smooth, clean lines and a... anyway, back to the synopsis.<br /><br />Arnold must protect John Connor (Nick Stahl) not only from the Terminatrix, but also, because the kid is a supremely annoying presence, from all those who want to slap him, and that encompasses everyone who has ever met him. Things get complicated when a whiny young irritant named Kate (Claire Danes) locks John into an unhygienic dog kennel and refuses to even worm him.<br /><br />Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines is a big, dumb movie filled with big, dumb people. Kevin Murphy and Mike Nelson are two big, dumb guys who are just dumb enough to take it on!
B00005JNJV|5.0|When I was a kid, I'll admit that I kind of hated Batman, thanks to reruns of the 1960s television series.  On TV, Batman was sanctimonious, shallow and corny.  In 1989, however, the advent of Tim Burton's Batman movie exposed me to a whole new side of Batman: a flawed, moody outsider who lived in a corrupt, gothic metropolis, and who was more than willing to act lethally if he felt it was needed.  Batman became a huge success, and was one of the first \\"summer megahype movies\\" to benefit from the new Hollywood press machine.  While the movie may have emphasized style over substance, seeing Michael Keaton's Batman (using an arsenal of high-tech vehicles and gadgets) take on Jack Nicholson's deformed Joker was pure entertainment.  Batman fever reigned high at the time, but Burton's sequel, \\"Batman Returns\\", couldn't match the freshness of its predecessor, despite being a quite solid effort.  Keaton and Burton left the franchise, leaving Val Kilmer in the unenviable position of tackling the role of Bruce Wayne in Joel Schumacher's inordinately campy \\"Batman Forever\\".  Val Kilmer's almost psychadelic take on Batman wasn't enough to overcome the gaudy neons and cartoonish portrayals which plagued the movie; nonetheless, the movie was financially successful.  With George Clooney as Batman, 1997's \\"Batman and Robin\\" was the inevitable straw that broke the camel's back, and was so terrible that it stalled the careers of Chris O'Donnell and Alicia Silverstone, and led Clooney to admit that he \\"was the guy who screwed Batman up\\".  It looked like the franchise was dead, and the Batman movie license languished for years in development hell.  After some false starts, \\"Memento\\" director Chris Nolan was the guy who was to revive the Batman franchise with this movie, which chronicles the very beginning of Batman's career.        While it has become fashionable to subscribe to the revisionist position that Tim Burton's \\"Batman\\" was a bad movie, the truth is that Nolan was clearlyinspired to some degree by Burton.  The look of Batman's armored outfit, the militaristic motif of the Tumbler (aka the Batmobile), the gritty take on city corruption- these are all clearly derived from Burton's work.  However, Nolan's Gotham, while still dark and menacing, is not steeped in gothic fantasticism, but rather in a slightly more modern take on the classic noir urban setting of the mid 20th century.  The characters are all portrayed and explored much deeper than the 1989 movie, and both the hero and villains behave more realistically.       The storyline hews closer to the various Batman comic books as well.  The movie begins with Bruce Wayne (played by \\"American Psycho\\" star Christian Bale) locked in an Asian prison, being recruited by the enigmatic Ducard for the League of Shadows, a mysterious organization of vigilantes run by the even more mysterious R'az Al Ghul.  Wayne trains to become a crime fighter, and through flashbacks, we see Bruce Wayne's childhood shattered when his wealthy and well-intentioned parents are killed by a desperate mugger.  After college, he returns to Gotham City to kill the mugger, who is about to be released in return for testimony, but is beaten to the punch by Carmine Falcone's mob organization.  Realizing that mere revenge is a doomed path, Wayne disappears to live life as a criminal, and gain insight.  Back in the present day, Wayne is about to be inducted into the League, but things turn sour when he learns their true plans.  Barely escaping with his life, Bruce Wayne returns to Gotham with an idea in his head- to create an alter ego which will strike fear into the hearts of criminals.  Back in Gotham, he finds his father's company is in danger of losing its way, and is about to go public, thanks to the machinations of Earle, who was trusted with the company.  Wayne finds allies in family butler Alfred, Lucius Fox, a former Wayne Enterprise executive who was demoted to a dead-end job in research, Rachel Dawes, his childhood friend turned idealistic assistant D.A., and Sergeant Jim Gordon, an honest cop in a district overrun by corruption.  However, things are about to get \\"complicated\\", with both Carmine Falcone and corrupt Dr. Jonathan Crane (whose alter ego is the Scarecrow) acting as pawns for an even more sinister force preparing to unleash hell on Gotham.       First off, with the exception of Katie Holmes' flat portrayal of Dawes, the acting is top notch.  The cast is a treasure trove of outstanding actors, including Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, Morgan Freeman, Rutger Hauer, Tom Wilkinson, Cillian Murphy, and Linus Roache, to mention a few.  While some may object to the slower pacing of the movie, it works well, and creates tension.  The movie is saturated with browns, yellows and oranges, creating a warm glow to contrast with the sinister atmosphere brought by the story, while the minimalist soundtrack is appropriately gothic when needed.  The movie seems busy at times, with not one but three main villains, and the requisite goons.  The action sequences are presented at a frantic pace, and some may take issue with Nolan's filming of fight scenes in such an \\"indirect\\", chaotic manner.  But in the end, this is a superhero movie of the highest order, which tries to balance the fantastic with the realistic, and usually succeeds.  The movie viewer has been pretty fortunate with comic book movies as of late, with Superman Returns, the X-Men movies, and the Spiderman movies.  By returning to the noir roots explored by Tim Burton, yet filming things his own way, Chris Nolan managed to restart the franchise without disrespecting what was done well in past iterations.    The single disc DVD version has literally no extras, whatsoever.  However, the movie was so good I'll overlook it....this time.  Whichever version you get, the movie is outstanding.
B00023B1LC|3.0|Imagine waking up in an unfamiliar place, unable to recall where you live, what you're doing there, or even your own name. Now imagine for the first time in your life it wasn't a direct result of your downing eleven pints of Guinness and then agreeing to do a Lemon Drop shooter with Jimmy T., Spleef, and Hondo the night before at Durty Nelly's.<br /><br />Now imagine that you began to discover you had mysterious talents -- talents that didn't involve the ability to stand next to the open refrigerator door in your underpants and drink a half gallon of Minute Maid Pulp Free directly from the pitcher without stopping for air.<br /><br />Now imagine you are Matt Damon. Why, the mere thought of it is to stare into a bottomless well of agony. Yet Matt Damon awakes to that fresh horror every morning of his life (the horror of discovering that he remains Matt Damon, not all that stuff about his memory. That happens to his character in that one movie - what's it called? - The Bourne Identity. My memory's not so good.)<br /><br />Anyway, the point is that Bourne Identity is a pulse-pounding thriller that goes from the exotic...um, somethings of somewhere to the even more exotic - look, it's tough to recall all the little things, I'm just a little fuzzy today. Suffice it to say that Bourne Identity makes for a terrific RiffTrax - and the fact that Mike is joined by Kevin Murphy and Bill Corbett, well, that's just -- what do you call it, that brown runny stuff - gravy!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Totally captivated by all the outstanding film subjects shown.    We limited it to one disc per night to better appreciate the magnitude of  what we were experiencing.  Great educational material to share with our grand-children.  Open lots   of discussion questions.
B000NA28I4|3.0|Are you a fan of Star Wars but feel that there just weren't enough brain-stunningly idiotic names for your taste? Do you like the Lord of the Rings films but find they move too quickly and make too much sense? Did you enjoy The Matrix but wish it could have contained a horrendously embarrassing performance by former actor/professional picnic ham John Malkovich? Then you need help! That is, then Eragon is the film for you!<br /><br />Ostensibly about some punk who finds a dragon egg, Eragon is actually a poignant onscreen documentation of the decline of Jeremy Irons, whose eye bags, if there were any justice, would have received third billing. And it's also a showcase for first time actor - um- can't remember his name. Really made no impression one way or the other. (In fact, was he even in the film?) But mostly it's an opportunity to watch John Malkovich turn in a performance that had to - HAD TO be a direct challenge to the director, \\"Please, fire me. I'm begging you to fire me. I'll do a take like this and then you'll have to fire me. Wait, I'm still not fired?\\"<br /><br />Kevin Murphy joins Mike in the RiffTrax International Studios (and Small Engine Repair) for Eragon, the blockbuster fantasy epic that forgets to be a blockbuster.<br /><br />This RiffTrax is compatible with all regions.
1594489505|5.0|The originality of the Kite Runner made it an exceptional novel.   But I thought A Thousand Splendid Suns was more spellbinding... perhaps not as original, but more significant. I can see how the first would appeal more to men and the latter to women.      Hosseini creates characters that seem so real that one almost forgets that it's a work of fiction. His straightforward writing style offers a fascinating viewpoint of a complex land. I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes to read.
B00005V9IK|3.0|In every single one of the 900 million aliens-come-to-earth movies that had come before it the aliens were malevolent, bent on man's destruction, but Independence Day changed all that. Yes, the alien's were once again malevolent, but this time Judd Hirsch was in the movie! Never before had this even been dreamt of, putting Judd Hirsch in a film. It was a brazen move, one almost as stunning as casting Bill Pullman as the president of the United States as opposed to taking the obvious path and casting him as a guy at a Rapid Oil Change who says, \\"Ahead. Little more. Little more. Okay, stop.\\" And never before in screen history had a person named \\"Vivica\\" done anything let alone attempt to act credibly in a movie role.<br /><br />Not only that, Independence Day dares to feature one of the most ineffective inspirational speeches since those delivered in a bunker in Berlin in late April 1945.<br /><br />For ID4, Mike is joined by both Bill Corbett and Kevin Murphy, so in the words of Captain Jimmy Wilder, Kick the tires and light the fires!*<br /><br />*If it wouldn't be too much trouble. And we'd like to thank you in advance for your anticipated cooperation in our tire kicking, fire lighting scheme.**<br /><br />**RiffTrax is to be held blameless for any damaged tires, bruised tarsals or burnt property as a result of any tire kicking or fire lighting engaged in by the customer.
0743496728|5.0|I thought this book was a little slow at parts, but overall, I found it to be a very good read.  Made me really think about those kids \\"on the periphery\\"...and how much we need to pay attention to what is going on in our childrens' lives...just cannot 'assume' anything.  I wasn't crazy about the ending...a little hard to believe.  We read this for our bookclub and I think it's going to spark some great conversation--especially with 3 teachers in the group (and all moms).
0803726570|5.0|My kids have enjoyed Room on the Broom for a few years now, and I just bought more copies to give to my nephews and niece.  The artwork is excellent, the story is enjoyable, and the rhyming text is fun to read.
0618680004|5.0|It was a very good book.<br />Could have been more succinct in getting the point across a la Russell Bertrand, but that's just a minor quibble.
032147404X|5.0|I have been a photographer for most of my life and I was unsure what I might find in this book would be useful to me. I was extremely surprised at what incredible tips and suggestions the author makes to take better and the best pictures possible. This is an good book for those people with Nikon cameras. Being a Canon man, I found tips for Canon cameras as well but not as detailed of instruction and it was for a Canon camera whose style was older. That was the only negative. This is a semi-how-to book. Telling you how to compose your pictures and what tools you need but hot holding your hand the entire time. Each tip/suggestion runs only one page for most subjects. Even for the experienced photographer this book is still a goldmine of tricks. This book is convenient enough to travel with so I feel I will probably take it with me on photo trips to assist in any time I need a little \\"how to\\" compose that shot from Scott Kelby.
B00001W9G0|5.0|The movie worked great and the shipping time was amazing!  Everytime I've ordered under regular shipping my product is always here in three days!
B000Q6GUTI|1.0|I found this movie pathetic. Please don't waste your time - I couldn't finish it - instead, get the books from the library. Totally different, and much better, than this disappointing movie. In addition to this tripeness, throw in highly gratuitous rape and torture scenes, and nauseating multiple product placements. Ugh!
B000PFUAO6|3.0|A good cd, but check out Symphony X's new one for some better song writing, and tunes that are just more fun to rock out to. Mike P said he wanted all the tunes on SC to be cool, I don't think they quite made it. Most of the better instumental sections I've heard done very similar and better on other DT cd's.
1400062756|4.0|Great concepts & very applicable.  Some of the examples Dweck uses may be misrepresented a little bit to coincide with her theory.
B000Q9IZ5C|4.0|Do I have a defective copy, or is the audio on the extended scenes feature behind? Makes it surprisingly difficult to watch. I don't understand why they couldn't add the scenes back in with seamless branching (and clean up the audio).    The movie itself is A+, I was just expecting more out of the special features. The box is gorgeous btw.
0060254920|5.0|My children adored this book when they were young and still speak of it.. So I knew that I had to get one for my new granddaughter... I know that this will be one of her favorite books too and can not wait until she is old enough for us to enjoy it together.
B0002SROT0|4.0|Too long for starters..but perhaps it was a the WHITE ALBUM for him writ small. Twilight was easily the best song on the cd. You could see him finally progressing with his fuller arrangements. Kind of where he left off with the \\"figure eight\\" cd, but yet re-instilling what he had going for him in either/or and xo. \\"Shooting Star\\" and \\"Fond Farewell\\" are certainly keepers. Again, had they pruned off a couple tracks, it may have been his best effort up to date.
B000P0J024|5.0|This package brings some of the best musicians of our time together for some great, fun music.
B00000373U|3.0|Ballad of Big Nothing stands out as the best song on the album. Speed Trials, Cupid's Trick and Rose Parade are the others that gave the album some flavor. 2:45 AM musically is cool, but the lyrics didnt do anything for me. I felt the accoustic songs on XO were better.
B0000TLA9G|4.0|if you like guns and roses this cd is for you its got all the hits you know and love
0307277887|5.0|The book is different from the television show if you're like me and saw the show first, this is a little different. It's definitely worth checking out and it gives you a better insight on Dexter's mind and a lot more on how he thinks then the show does. Very good stuff. Love the show as well. Dearly Devoted Dexter was also good. Read them back to back, didn't really put them down much.
0345441184|5.0|I hadn't p/u a novel since high school. (40'S).  A friend lent me her copy of MOA.  It made a renewed reader out of me.  I devoured this book.  Not only was it an easy and engrossing read, but for a kid who never learned about King Arthur, it enlightened me to so many things.  Even though the book is told from a different perspective, it still gives insight to the many inuendo's in daily life that refer to the days of Arthur.  I encourage women of all ages to take up this tome' and enjoy it page after page.  It truly is a wonderful read.
0060531053|5.0|This book is excellent in every regard.  I have not been brewing long, but it has thus far been both a good introduction and a huge reference for all kinds of products and processes in brewing.
0143038419|5.0|This is one of those books that you don't want to end...and then when it does, you cannot stop talking about it. I bring it up whenever I can, as it's that kind of book. I can honestly recommend it...without worries, as I know that everyone I encourage to read it will relate, laugh, and then want to share it with others. Nice work Groceries!
0618680004|3.0|I've been exposed to almost all of the ideas/arguments in this book before.  So there was no possible way I could be blown away by this book.  The fact that I wasn't bored by it is actually quite an accomplishment.  In many places Dawkins writes well enough (or offers useful enough asides) to keep my interest.  In other places, he presents arguments in less than ideal ways - he either goes on what IMHO are useless tangents which lessen the effect of a strong argument, or presents an argument in a much weaker way than I would.  The lack of 'newness' for me (not his fault) and his occasional rambling (which was his fault) is the reason I personally give this 3 stars.  Pro-atheist books just don't hold my interest I guess.    Now, as a book for the general population, this book succeeds.  It challenges theists to examine their beliefs and it will expose them to a lot of information they may not have seen before.  Of course, some theists cannot accept critical analysis of their religion and will label Dawkins a mean jerk fundamentalist bully poopy head.  But all Dawkins has done is apply the same critical reasoning to religion as people do to everything else.  And his language is no worse than what can be found on the editorial pages (or movie and food critic sections) of major newspapers.  Note to theists:  If your faith can't take that, then you've got a problem and it ain't with Dawkins.
B000HBKCDC|5.0|Love the CD. If you like Sarah McLachlan, then you need to own this CD too.
080701429X|5.0|To this day, Viktor Frankl's name is a frequent reference or footnote in motivational and business books and many others. He says we never cease to be ourselves, we are never without an ability to choose. In this small, understated treatise of his time in Nazi concentration camps, as part of his own means of coping, Frankl analyzes why some seemingly strong people die and others, whom you'd expect to wither away, do not.  In the inhuman caldron that burned away all pretense and excuses, leaving bare human nature, Frankle witnesses the skills to mastering life: hope, chiefly, then humor, love, beauty and more. In his book, those change from lofty concepts to the essence of existence--and in many cases the means to continue to live.
1565115147|5.0|Fascinating, very enjoyable.  Tried to read the book, but got more out of this CD. Had planned to give it away once I listened to it, but this is a keeper that I will want to replay many times to get even more from it.
B000MNP2KI|4.0|Casino Royale is a welcome departure from the recent Pierce Brosnan films, which became so ludicrously over-the-top that they were annoying, culminating in the ridiculous invisible car and ice castle in the Halle Barry-starring last one. Thankfully, the producers have gotten back to the basics - emphasizing realistic (comparatively) action with bits of humor rather than humor with bits of realistic action. Daniel Craig, who benefits from a great script, plays the role with a intensity, capturing Bond's character weakness - his ego - while also showing his wounded, vulnerable side. The opening sequence, featuring an athlete known for his pioneering \\"free running\\" technique in England, is among the best of the Bond series, setting just the right tone for the film. Eva Green does OK, but I think she is a terrible actress overall. I'm excited to see the next film.
0375703861|5.0|Paid for expedited service & I received that & more. Would definitely recommend for purchases. Fast & efficient service.
B000HCO83Q|3.0|Although clearly inferior to the previous two movies, The Last Stand offers some good moments and maintains viewer interest. Killing one of the main characters was an interesting choice. The decision of the heroes to battle some of their fellow mutants was a little odd and didn't quite make sense. But even though it was a step down from its two predecessors, the Last Stand is clearly better than the average action flick being produced in Hollywood.
B0009UC7H0|5.0|This was such a good movie that we just had to have it.  I searched everywhere for one but Amazon was the only place it could be found.  It was so easy to order and I received it in record time.
B00006AUIG|4.0|Session 9 is one of the creepiest movies I've ever seen. It's made all the creepier when one realizes that the movie takes place in an actual, long-abandoned mental hospital with a controversial past. According to the commentaries, there was plenty of creepy elements in the hospital already, including strange graffiti messages. There is some division of opinion over the ending, which I won't spoil. But after repeated viewings, I think the ending is excellent, raising questions about human madness. The taped therapy sessions of a multiple-personality patient named Mary are especially chilling. Good performances, direction and set design.
B000AP04OM|5.0|I saw this movie over twenty years ago. I remembered it barely. I now collect DVD's.This is one of a few that stay on my mind when I'm working ,playing sports, or whatever...I love all music in this movie!!!  Excellent movie!!!!
1932100660|5.0|I've been trying for years to persuade my mother to eat a healthier diet (and so have numerous doctors), but she was born and raised on southern cooking (everything fried, smothered in white pepper gravy, bread with butter and an ice cold coca-cola). She was diagnosed 10+ years ago with high blood pressure, she's a diabetic, has heart disease (shunts in 2000), mild heart attack in 2007, gout and high cholesterol (triglycerides so high that they can't measure them - off the charts). She was visiting last month and I bought her this book and the audio version, as well. No excuses - if her eyes were tired she could listen to it. She could mark up the book as if it were a text book - whatever she needed to happen. I am happy to say, that it worked. She has not touched meat in over a month and she's even found a book that the writer referenced in the China Study that contains recipes at a thrift store! She has a new goal \\"life\\" and she is excited about it. No more living to die. She is only 64 year young. Mr. Campbell, thank you for your knowledge.
0723257639|5.0|This set was chosen for my granddaughter who loves to read. She will be able to pass them down to her family.
630469654X|5.0|This is a movie after my heart in the romance department, with the trials and tribulations between good and evil.
B00005JPFH|1.0|i wasted 8 dollars to see this movie in imax and it stilled sucked. what is with the dancing down the street and pointing at girls. that was the cheesiest movie that lacked any masculinaty that a super hero movie should have. i think the guy who played harry should have played spiderman so the movie wouldn't be  as corny..or even topher grace would have made a better spiderman. and plus toby's voice needs to change because those dumb one liners as spiderman sounds worse with a cracking voice.
B0001GL3K4|3.0|Love Actually is a movie comprised of vignettes. It is basically a story about men, their loves, their losses.  The step-father who has lost his wife and his step-son who has lost his mother and who is also in love for the first time.  The cuckolded husband, the poor drip who can't get laid, the married man pursued by his ammoral secretary, the new prime minister infatuated with his employee, the man secretly in love with his best friend's girl, the porn body-double who is very much a gentleman, and the aged ex-heroin addict ex-pop star.  And then there is the poignant addition of the woman who is doomed to suffer unrequieted love.    The movie is fast paced and the editing of the various vignettes form an interwoven story that is funny, sad and entertaining.  Hugh Grant's dance scene and Colin Firth's childish tantrum on the sidewalk when he can't get a taxi are hilarious.  It's always charming to watch grown men act like little boys!    This movie isn't for children due to mimed sex scenes and naked female breasts.      In my opinion, the one vignette that stole the entire movie is the one about the aged ex-heroin addict ex-pop star staring Bill Nighy.  They could have made an entire movie about this character.  Most of the laughs are generated by this character as he tries to make a half-hearted come-back with a remake cover of an old song called \\"Love is All Around.\\"  I usually don't find older men attractive but Bill Nighy is so wonderfully weird, strange and clever in his role, that I couldn't help but find him a little bit sexy as the burned out old pop star trying to market his pathetic \\"turd\\" of a Christmas song.    This isn't Shakespeare, it's just pure, goofy fun.  I'm sure if you watch this film you will be attracted to more then one of the characters and maybe even relate to them in some way.
B0009QTS1M|5.0|i think this movie is diffeniately of epic porportions and is the epitome of great movie making with a colidoscope of emotions. great movie!!
B0000C8AQM|5.0|Bottom line:  If you like the movie you'll love this CD. It's a high energy CD for the most part, and the only downside are Jack Black's voice only narrations on a few short tracks. Brings back memories of the movie, but doesn't really add anything to the album.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|Lonesome Dove is among the top mini series ever made and if you are a fan of the western, a most own for hours of entertainment.
0385340559|5.0|The entire series of the Jack Reacher novels have been well worth the read.  Will be looking forward to the next adventure.
0760316414|5.0|Before I bought this book I thought it would be full of tutorials, and I was wrong. actually you can get those tutorials on the web. But what suprised me was all of the great interviews with the big guys of this industry. This book really lets you know what are you going towards to, and really helps you illustrate the design process of a car, with maybe you involved, in your mind. After each reading session I felt like I have to go draw some cars, it was very inspiring.  If you're looking for a car design career, then this book will help you imagine yourself inside, besides inspiring you to start this journey.    Enjoy
B000EWBKKI|4.0|I have to say I would choose the HD release of this movie, for starters because my boyfriend has an HD player, and it also has a lot of extra scenes which were cut from the director's cut, but for once, add a lot to the film itself. At the moment, people are still sitting on the fence or choosing one or the other format. Some people prefer Blu Ray, some people prefer HD. I can't get into this, as I haven't watched any Blu Ray movies. But we'll soon see which will be the video cassette, and which will be the DVD. Soon I hope.<br /><br />There are so many editions of this movie out there, it's hard to know which one to choose. Personally, for me it would be this one (well, the HD release which isn't listed on Amazon for some reason) the director's cut, as those always win hands down with me. James Cameron does the best movies. I just wish he'd change his mind and release a special edition of True Lies. A Classic!!!<br /><br />This movie is said to be one of the best sequels in Scream 2 - which is in fact itself a sequel. And indeed it is a great sequel, with the only slight annoyance being Edward Furlong and his ever changing voice! (He is clearly much younger in the desert, for instance, than in other scenes. His voice began to break and had to be pitched to one level in post-production.) With Linda Hamilton looking about as unfeminine as Madonna is now, and Arnie as the good guy this time round (Arnie said during the making of this film that he would never play another evil character again, but he later played the villain Mr. Freeze in Batman & Robin), this is truly a great sequel. Although I do prefer Nick Stahl as John Connor in T3, than Edward Furlong.<br /><br />There seems to be a lot of twin stuff in this movie, as Linda's sister, Leslie came in to be a double in scenes involving two \\"Sarah Connors\\" (i.e., when the T1000 was imitating her), and in a scene where Sarah removes the Terminator's CPU, and threatens to destroy it, her sister is basically in the mirror! And also identical twins Don Stanton and Dan Stanton played the hospital security guard and the T1000.<br /><br />If you were a fan of Michael Biehn in the first movie, he makes a reappearance in this, in Sarah's dream sequence, and warns her that THEIR son is in danger. She has to save him, etc. They kiss and then she wakes up. This is the only scene that Michael Biehn was in, and appeared in some promotional trailers. Cameron cut the scene because he thought that audiences who had not seen the first movie would be confused by the appearance of Kyle. But it is included on the cut shown on the DVD.<br /><br />Many scenes included on the DVD for you enjoyment and not in the theatrical release include:<br /><br />--> A hospital scene was cut that took place directly after the pre-med students peer into Sarah's room. The doctor reminds the orderlies to make sure she gets her medication. The cut scene was of the staff coming in to give her the pills. They smack her in the gut with their batons and force the pills down her throat, then kick her while she's on the floor doubled over in pain. (This scene had to be re-shot several times because actor Ken Gibbel wouldn't hit Linda Hamilton properly with his nightstick. The scene was very physically demanding and Hamilton was furious with Gibbel because he repeatedly botched it. She got her revenge in a later scene where she beats Gibbel with a broken off broom handle - the blows are for real.)<br />--> After the T-1000 kills John's foster parents, he ventures outside to get the dog to shut-up. He reaches down and snatches the collar off the dog, thus killing the dog. On the collar is stamped the dog's name \\"Max\\". The T-1000 realizes he has been duped by John (actually the T-800 imitating John's voice) by calling the dog \\"Wolfie.\\"<br />--> After killing the dog, the T-1000 goes to John's room to try to find any clues as to where John might be. He stalks around the room waving his arms and \\"feeling\\" things on the shelves,on the walls, etc. He eventually stops in front of a poster, realizes there is something behind it, rips it down and finds a box of mementos (pictures, and the like). This must be where the T-1000 figures out about the desert compound that Sarah, John, and the T-800 head to after the hospital. James Cameron decided to cut it because it made the T-1000 look too much like it had x-ray vision.<br />--> At the abandoned gas station, a scene involved Sarah and John talking with the T-800 about learning. He tells them that his CPU was switched to read-only before being sent out. Cyberdyne doesn't want them to learn too much while on their own. John asks can it be switched and he says yes. You then see the T-800's face in a \\"mirror\\" talking Sarah through the procedure. A puppet was used for the foreground Sarah to work on and Linda's twin sister Leslie was in the mirror mimicking Linda's hand movements. After the CPU is removed, the T-800 shuts-down and Sarah places it on a table. She picks up a hammer and tries to smash it to render him inoperative. John stops her and says they need him. He starts to show authority for the first time and says to Sarah, \\"How am I supposed to be a world leader if my own mother won't listen to me?\\"<br />--> A scene in a Skynet-free future, with Sarah Connor as an older woman giving a monologue about how John became a senator.<br /><br />Given Arnie's $15 million salary and his total of 700 words of dialog, that translates to $21,429 per word. \\"Hasta la vista, baby\\" cost $85,716.<br /><br />This is a great sequel, and well worth getting, although if you find Edward Furlong an annoying little brat like I did, then watch T3 and have your faith in movies reaffirmed.f a poster, realizes there is something behind it, rips it down and finds a box of mementos (pictures, and the like). This must be where the T-1000 figures out about the desert compound that Sarah, John, and the T-800 head to after the hospital. James Cameron decided to cut it because it made the T-1000 look too much like it had x-ray vision.   --> At the abandoned gas station, a scene involved Sarah and John talking with the T-800 about learning. He tells them that his CPU was switched to read-only before being sent out. Cyberdyne doesn't want them to learn too much while on their own. John asks can it be switched and he says yes. You then see the T-800's face in a \\"mirror\\" talking Sarah through the procedure. A puppet was used for the foreground Sarah to work on and Linda's twin sister Leslie was in the mirror mimicking Linda's hand movements. After the CPU is removed, the T-800 shuts-down and Sarah places it on a table. She picks up a hammer and tries to smash it to render him inoperative. John stops her and says they need him. He starts to show authority for the first time and says to Sarah, \\"How am I supposed to be a world leader if my own mother won't listen to me?\\"   --> A scene in a Skynet-free future, with Sarah Connor as an older woman giving a monologue about how John became a senator.     Given Arnie's $15 million salary and his total of 700 words of dialog, that translates to $21,429 per word. \\"Hasta la vista, baby\\" cost $85,716.     This is a great sequel, and well worth getting, although if you find Edward Furlong an annoying little brat like I did, then watch T3 and have your faith in movies reaffirmed.
1416523359|4.0|It's a different view than normal. It's from a woman's point of view, who spends most of her time locked in memories of her husband. It delves into the world of \\"another side\\" to reality. It's diverse, but no overly complex.     All in all, the read was quick, like most King novels/books, but full of details that just entrap and wrap you up into Lisey's world, feeling everything she's felt, as well as her husband, and her sisters.    Don't skip out on a good book, because this one, albiet different than most King's work, is easy to identify with and feel youself right along side of them.     Read and find yourself in the Bool
0143036556|5.0|I highly recommend Collapse to anyone interested in history, sociology, anthropology, and/or archeology. It should be required reading for anyone interested in the decisions being made by local, state, and federal governments as well as by individuals and corporations--those decisions will decide our own survival or eventual collapse. WE CAN learn from the past.
0316067598|5.0|I certainly cannot find adequate words to add to the reviews that have already been expressed other that to say thank you to the author, to the brave souls who were lost on that faitful day. But probably most of all in giving us lucky ones who have read this book a look into not only the thoughts, feelings, training of our Navy SEALS, but such a rare glimpe into the life of the Pushtani people...If it were possible to give this book 10 stars it would have it from me
1932100660|5.0|Dr. Campbell takes on the medical establishment, as well as the drug, dairy, egg, and meat industries in this well-written and thoroughly researched book. He makes a compelling case for a whole food, plant-based diet, backing up his argument with over 750 references from the most reputable scientific journals.    This isn't a diet book. There is no Dr. T. Colin Campbell Diet, no recipes, no photos of taste-tempting dishes, no daily regimens to follow. Dr. Campbell makes connections between the foods we eat and the diseases we suffer from, then asks us to consider a different lifestyle.     Part I of The China Study deals with the problems caused by the typical Western diet.     Part II lists diseases of affluence--heart disease, obesity, diabetes, various cancers, autoimmune diseases, bone, kidney, eye, and brain diseases--and shows how each disease is connected to our Western-style diet.     Part III contains both Dr. Campbell's  eight principles of food and health and his advice on how to eat. These two short sections alone are worth the price of the book.    In Part IV, entitled \\"Why Haven't You Heard This Before?\\", Dr. Campbell tells us why, despite the testimonies of government nutrition experts, Big Food, Big Drug, Big Medicine, and the U.S. Government have not actively encouraged a whole food, plant-based diet.    On a personal note, my wife and I found Dr. Campbell's work so compelling that we both became vegans in February of 2007. Not only are we in the best of health, but we now weigh the same as we did in college, 40 years ago.
0316789798|5.0|This book is great!  My older daughter loves to doodle and this has been fun for her.  My younger daughter (almost 4) can even draw a few of the animals!
1582701709|3.0|I thought that this book had so much information to share with people, but it is so difficult to get \\"into\\" the book.  It took me about 3 weeks just to finish 20 pages.  Overall though, its a book full of wonderfull information to help all of us get what we want out of life.
B000002UAU|5.0|Very good tape by the beatles , When I wore up in OR. in viet nam all I heard was beatle music was sure I had taken the long journey as a US MARINE , But was notified all the white lenen and white cabnets was part of the USS REPOSE Hospital Ship and I was going to be ok some day.
B000MRAAJM|4.0|Breathtaking, me and my family Love this series. I encourage any nature enthusiast to pick this one up.
B000P12LWY|2.0|Ok let's be frank This is my time period I'm crazy about all things tudor from Henry VIII (I refuse to use showtimes 8) thru Elizabeth I.<br /><br />While I'm thrilled to finally have a show about my favorite time. It has also done me a great disservice. I now have folks asking for the \\"degas\\" nightmare for historical recreated events. I now have folks telling me about the \\"real\\" way wolsey died. How Henry slept with everyone and everyone knew it, how he only had one sister and she killed the king of france and ect. ect. ect...... Showtime has played this off as how it really was back then so folks take all the events as true....grrrr and now I have to re-educate them.<br /><br />The costumes would be wonderful if this was about Queen Elizabeth everyone wears clothing 60 years to early...... I really hate the women not wearing chemises under their dresses nothing bugs me more then a boney elbow sticking out of a lovely slashed sleeve......<br /><br />Sam Neill is amazing! JRM is ok (I expected a lot more from him after Elvis)<br /><br />Entertainment wise its better then a lot of stuff on tv! I just wish they went for a bit more accuracy<br /><br />this is a great soap opera with a skewed vision of history with a side order of soft porn (I'm not kidding LOTS of sex do not let little ones even think of watching)
B000A2RRF4|5.0|This concert will keep you entertained for hours.  Its Michael Jackson at his very best.  I would recommend this dvd to anyone who wants to see a concert where the artist really works the stange and puts his all in his performances.  Its not just a concert but a show.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Planet Earth is incredible, especially in blu-ray. BBC has created a masterpiece. There are certain parts you may not want to show to small children due to animals hunting other animals (which after you view planet earth, you can skip so they dont see it), for children I recommend \\"Marty Stouffer's Great Escapes\\" nature series, which is all about the hunted animals escaping the predators.
B000H0MKGK|2.0|I was surprised by John Mayer on &#34;Room for Squares,&#34;  but even in the first analysis I suspected that the character and passing elements of sophistication were due more to the handiwork of producer John Alagia than to Mayer's talent.  Then, when I watched this musician-singer-songwriter in his live cable performance called &#34;Any Given Thursday,&#34; I thought I would retch.  Parading before a Birmingham, Alabama audience with his pretentious, pseudo-hipster attitude, he sounded no better than the high school acts that often delight the fawning, teen-age female fans who made up the majority of his audience that evening.  The effect was that I seriously questioned his worth. The alluring sound I found on a couple of the better tracks on &#34;Squares,&#34; nonetheless gave me hope against proof that there still might be something of substance in this artist. Upon hearing Continuum, however, I know there is not.  With the majority of the production in his own hands, Mayer exposes himself for what he really is: nothing more than a very average performer. There are those who say that it somehow demonstrates Mayer's maturity because it's not his usual fare in his themes that include social commentary. But there is no musical growth in what I heard. This album is blas and- most important- not very inventive.  Indeed, with the slight exception perhaps of a few of the selections- such as &#34;Belief&#34; with its admittedly haunting guitar riff or &#34;Stop This Train,&#34; a ballad with an infectious hook- most of this is mere mimicry.  The fact of the matter is that Continuum is a vain attempt to do blues and R & B.  Mayer has often commented that he draws inspiration from those influences, and this ostensibly provides us with another of his contributions to the genre.  Unfortunately, the effort is  flawed. It's not that Mayer can't do the blues.  It's just that he's not very good at it. Unable to give us a genuine or fresh new interpretation, he has instead resorted to aping the work of those performers who HAVE done it well.  For instance, on selections such as &#34;Waiting on the World&#34; and &#34;I Don't Trust Myself,&#34; the production shamelessly only attempts to copy Marvin Gay's sound.  Likewise, there is the Percy Sledge imitation on &#34;Gravity&#34; and the Otis Redding-like spin on &#34;I'm Gonna Find Another You.&#34;  In the midst of these thefts and the lifeless character of the compositions, Mayer then cannot even provide any passion of his own.  The result is that he's not playing the blues at all; he's- as it's said-simply &#34;playing at it.&#34;  To make matters worse, similar to other pretenders, he even tries a cover of Hendrix material.  Since Mayer is neither an innovative nor accomplished player, his rendering of &#34;Bold As Love&#34; is consequently merely a further embarrassment.  The unavoidable reality is that John Mayer succeeds when he's doing mainstream pop or folk-rock numbers which become listenable ONLY when a creative, proven producer adds festive and clever variations. Those seemingly small nuances transform what would be oh-hum material into something entertaining, and ultimately enable Mayer to be distinguished from other MOR performers.  When he ventures away from that protective comfort zone and gives us a massaged version of the blues, however, he stumbles. The conclusion: this is not what it's purported to be.
B000PMGS8G|5.0|Why it took so long to release this movie to DVD is beyond me, but it has been remastered and looks better than ever.  It is about time.
B00005QFE5|5.0|With all of the complex love stories that come out of Hollywood these days, you sometimes enjoy the refreshing feeling of a love story that is simple.  I am not necessarily stating that one is better than the other, but you often find that many complex love stories just don't completely work.  The Road Home is a beautiful, simple love story that is as simple as the time and location in which it takes place, and the pieces fit together like a simple jigsaw puzzle.<br /><br />The son of Zhao Di has come home to the village where is mother is from.  He learns that his father has passed away.  While the son grew up in the village, he has spent much of his adult life in the city.  He has come home to be with his mother and to help her makes plans for his father's burial.  His mother insists that his father be walked from the city hospital back to the village.  Understand that this is no easy task since the village is good distance from the city.  Her son tries to talk her out of it, but she is adament.  And it is in the re-telling of how Zhao Di met her husband that convinces both the son and audience to understand why she wants to walk her husband back to the village.<br /><br />The film takes off from here as the talented Zhang Ziyi portrays the young Zhao Di.  She is an eighteen year-old girl living with her blind mother.  She is a beautiful young woman with many suitors wishing for her hand in marriage.  She has turned them all down.  We don't know why except that we can guess that she hasn't found what she's looking for in a husband.  Enter Luo, the new school teacher who has come to the village after living in the city.  Zhao Di is immediately captivated upon first seeing him.<br /><br />The sweetness in this film is in the simplicity of the village and the time.  Water must be fetched from nearby wells.  Looms are used to make clothing and cloths.  And even the \\"courtship\\" that is done more by Zhao Di than by Luo is sweetly simple.  She uses her culinary talents to make the best dishes with the hope that Luo will eat from her dish.  She waits by the road for one glimpse of Luo.  She walks to the well that is near the school for the chance that she might see or hear Luo.<br /><br />People often make the mistake that the more primitive a technological country, the more unhappy the people must be.  And yet,Zhao Di is not an unhappy girl.  She is an excellent cook, and she enjoys looking after her mother.  You get the sense that she does this not out of a sense of duty, but because she wants to.  Zhao Di never lives anywhere else but in the village.  The village is where she is happy.<br /><br />Zhang Ziyi is simply brilliant is capturing the sweetness and determination of Zhao Di.  She portrays Zhao Di with a fierce persistence to win the heart of Luo at any cost.  You will see several scenes in which she demonstrates this.<br /><br />I must mention the cinematography.  The locations and colors that are captured reveal an almost magical world with golden leaves on the birch trees and snow-swept hills of winter.<br /><br />Director Yimou Zhang does a great job of incorporating the technology of the time period.  In many ways, I was as captivated by the use of the loom, the sweatbox used for cooking dumplings, and the walk to the well as I was of the sweet love story.  I like his use of black and white in the future, and then the use of color for the past.  Most directors would do it the other way around.  And yet the color used for the past seems to show that it is revealing a happier time when young Zhao Di was in the fullness of her life, and the black and white showing how life is swiftly coming to an inevitable close for her after the loss of her one true love.<br /><br />The Road Home will capture your heart with its story and your eyes with its images.  Many saints, masters, and philosophers over the course of the centuries have stated that love is actually very simple; it is we who make it complex.  This beautiful film seems to truly capture that idea.
B000009DUY|5.0|THERE ARE SEVERAL RENDITIONS THAT ARE MORE MOVING THAN SOME OF THE PATRIOTIC SONGS WE SING AND HEARD SINCE WE WERE CHILDREN.  THE TITLE SONG WAS THE BEST. SEVERAL OF THE SONGS WERE \\"NOT SO HOT\\", BUT OVERALL, IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE AND MY PURCHASE OF THE SOUNDTRACK WAS WELL WORTH THE PRICE.  I WOULD GIVE THIS ALBUM A \\"B\\" OVERALL, AND THE TITLE SONG A \\"A PLUS\\"
B000TLMWMY|1.0|I'm so tired of these \\"Best Of\\" compilations.  I've been waiting almost 40 years to see these shows and, once again, they get chopped up.  Why can't somebody (finally) get it right and issue complete variety series in there entirety?  Geez, it only lasted two years!  You could probably fit every episode in one or two boxed sets with double-sided DVDs, which so many companies do nowadays.  Instead, we get all complete seasons of Friends when all one needs to do is turn on the TV at any given time of the day and see the same episodes in syndication - as bad as seeing I Love Lucy continuously until we have the complete dialogs memorized!  Shame on you Columbia/Legacy for doing this.  It's like a teaser of something we'll never have.  This may be the \\"best\\" for you but not for me and, therefore, I will not be purchasing it.
0590259385|5.0|This is the third time we've bought this book (1 for each kid).  The earlier two copies were worn out.  That's how much they like it.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|Excellent documentary and added features / Decent Picture and sound quality too.  I really hope that we all could see the signs years ago and that we all immediately start doing something about the earth's health, although I am convinced that it's too late(especially after seeing how many smokers are still out there - if they don't care about themselves, how will they care about the planet?)!
B00070Q7VO|5.0|What a voice.  I love to sing along with it and I will by many more of his.
0143038419|5.0|a very great shared experienced and a book that you cannot simply put down. The journey is being written in a superb way and help the reader to figure out by themselves the importance of searching for our true self.
1582701709|5.0|It is positive thinking.    This is nothing new.  I wasted my time listening to it, and wasted my money on something that isn't a secret at all.
0679805273|5.0|Dr. Seuss was my favorite author when I was a child...I now share him with others...I'm giving it as a gift to others whom reach a certain level in their business lives...
0061122416|5.0|This work by Paul Coelho is one that keeps on giving to the reader with each read.  The simple style -- its elementary structure and the lack of character development -- although may be points of criticism, actually enhances the delivery of its profound message.  As told through the journey of Santiago, Coelho delivers the message about the the importance of pursuing our own \\"personal legend\\".  Each person has his own legend, and no two are alike (analogous to each person's \\"Room 101\\" from Orwell's [[ASIN:0452284236 Nineteen Eighty-Four]] without the negative imageries).  The pursuit of one's personal legend is almost like a rite of passage for many.    This novel, parable, or short story, is for those who may have forgotten the sweetness of pursuing one's dreams.  As said by Saint-Exupery in [[ASIN:0156012197 The Little Prince]], \\"All grown-ups were children once, although few of them remember it.\\"  It is simply profound in its short but  poignant message that many of us should be reminded of more often.
B000H0MKOC|5.0|This is a truly great movie for anyone interested in 'spin' - both how to do it and how to understand it. Not too bad on verbal Judo either.
1591841666|3.0|This book would be better as a teaser on the Internet. The info is more motivational than problem identification/solution sharing. Don't get this one except in a garage sale for 10cents.    Some of the sections didn't flow to each other well. I also expected more story/examples.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|When King Leonidas (Gerard Butler) asks a few of a group of hundreds allied soldiers what their professions are, the responses could not be more diverse. When King Leonidas asks his group of 300 Spartans what their professions are, the response is 100% unified....Soldiers.<br /><br />300 is Frank Miller's graphic novel about the Battle of Thermopylae (circa 480 B.C.) that pitted a small army of Spartans against legions of Persians. And the graphic novel comes to life via the excellent direction of Dawn of the Dead's Zack Snyder [[ASIN:B0002ABURA Dawn of the Dead (2004 Widescreen Unrated Director's Cut)]] .<br /><br />Rest assured, Butler is not singing opera or doing theater ( [[ASIN:B0007TKNL0 The Phantom of the Opera (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] ) in 300. He is one lean, mean, bad motor-scooter as King Leonidas. His task?...To defeat the Persian army led by Xerxes (played superbly by Rodrigo Santoro {perhaps most famous for his Season 3 role in the TV series Lost [[ASIN:B000P6YNSE Lost - The Complete Third Season]] }.<br /><br />King Leonidas' Queen, Gorgo, does her share of dealing out pain as well. She is played by Lena Headey who takes on the tough-girl role of Sarah Connor [[ASIN:B00008PC2O Terminator 2 - Judgment Day (Extreme DVD)]] of Terminator fame in the upcoming 2008 FOX TV series.<br /><br />The action in 300 rarely let's up, and when it does you're glued to the screen by stunning visuals and captivating acting.<br /><br />Much of 300's graphic novel look and feel are preserved in the screen adaptation. The battles are brutal, but captured in an almost surreal vision of turning the pages of the graphic novel.<br /><br />300 is one for the collectors bin. Put it right next to your copy of Gladiator [[ASIN:B00009ZYBY Gladiator (Widescreen Edition)]] .<br /><br />The Few. The Proud. The Spartans. Add 300 to your cart.
B000TP5T1Q|5.0|*The folowing is a description taken from Ms. McKennitt's website.    Nights from the Alhambra is an enchanting musical performance, set beneath the stars in the breathtaking Moorish heart of medieval Spain. Captured live in September 2006, singer/composer Loreena McKennitt - in her first in-concert television special - leads viewers through the multi-textured landscapes of her catalogue, from traditional Celtic ballads to literary narratives and highlights from her most recent recording, An Ancient Muse.     From August 2007, Nights from the Alhambra will be available in stores worldwide as a deluxe three-disc set comprising a 139-minute DVD and two companion CDs with a combined running time of 94 minutes. Both the DVD and the audio-only CDs present performances of 18 of Loreena's best-loved songs, including \\"The Mummers' Dance\\", \\"Caravanserai\\", \\"The Mystic's Dream\\" and \\"The Lady Of Shalott\\", performed by Loreena and a host of musical colleagues.    The live concert performances captured in Nights from the Alhambra were first seen in the TV special of the same name in PBS's \\"Great Performances\\" series.  This programme began airing in the United States in March 2007.    In the spring of 2007, a version of the DVD/CD set Nights from the Alhambra was sold exclusively during Loreena McKennitt's European and North American tours. This \\"tour exclusive\\" version of Nights from the Alhambra featured different artwork on the outer packaging, but it included the same content as the later commercial release.    (I have seen Ms. McKennitt perform several times, including this The Ancient Muse tour, and this is not to be missed.  If you were unable to see her during this tour, or have never seen her perform live, you will not be disappointed by this DVD/CD collection.  The music and setting is breathtakingly beautiful, the musicianship is unparalleled, and Loreena is such a warm and gracious performer.  I would give it ten stars, if they let me.  Highly recommended.)
B0001I561E|5.0|Its always hard to choose a 'favorite' but this is probably it for me. I can't get enough of it. I've seen it probably over 100 times and it never gets old. Its just perfect in every way from the animation to the acting to the awesome songs. Every scene is a treat to watch, nothing is wasted. I even love the evil characters. It really doesn't get any better or more magical then this. Every child and adult alike should watch this.
B000A7DVR2|4.0|This is nothing but a remake, or maybe the original (I would know if I had checked the dates: but you know, laziness, and it is funny to remain fuzzy, like the Coen Brothers themselves) of what we know under the title of \\"Pulp Fiction\\". The Coen Brothers get rid of the shuffling time line and have episodes and chapters in order, but it is just as intricate as the other, except that it is harmless, more or less, and funny in the punk beatnik post 1968 style if you like that and the unemployed who play the Greek philosophers.. It means that the mistake in \\"Pulp Fiction\\" becomes the rule here and everything is over-reacting and mis-targeting the true victim of the explosion, of temper of course, never of any fire-arms, though quite a few are moving and travelling around, just like bowling pins and bowling balls. That's a way of looking at  suburban social sprawl that deserves some attention and time. The best debunking of pulp fiction is in the bar-diner scene. A lot of noise and ruckus for very little. I like the breaking in, out and through of all sorts of cars. The Coen Brothers don't seem to like cars probably because they are the best representation of American wastefulness and extreme vain arrogance. But \\"Pulp Fiction\\" seems to debunk cars too though in a different way.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
B000BKJ78K|5.0|My husband was thrilled! He couldn't wait to watch all three \\"original\\" Star Wars movies.
B000MNP2KI|5.0|Casino Royale has finally completed a circle for me that was for far too long left in limbo. As as a child growing up in the 70's watching the Connery 007 films on weekend television I was enthralled. However, I was born into the Roger Moore era which didn't always impress me in comparison to Sean Connery's efforts. What was this ineffable 'je ne sais quoi' that the Roger Moore films lacked in comparison to the Sean Connery films? Well, I'll tell you - with the Connery Bond films there was always a dark edge of realism, something gritty and nasty cooking beneath the surface. Bond in the hands of Connery was certainly a darker character and not so politically correct showing clear signs of misogyny and at times out and out chauvinism. Connery played the character as Flemming had imagined him and while Bonds world is no joke he is a man with a black sense of humour.    After being spoiled by the greatness of the Connery Bond films as a boy on TV I grew up seeing all the Roger Moore films on the big screen and yet always preferring the Sean Connery treatment. With the 1970's Bond turned more towards a character of largess, exaggeration and buffoonery. The jokes got hammy losing their dark poignancy and as the stunts got bigger the girls became more important than the plot! Under Roger Moore James Bond became a gigolo with a gun rather than an agent of the British Secret Service ... suffice it to say the more unreal and cartoon like the Bond series got the more I lost interest and longed for producers to get back on track with a more Connery like Bond series!    It has been a VERY long wait indeed ... the rogues gallery of would be Bonds to follow Roger Moore were really no better with Timothy Dalton doing a passable job in his effort but hardly hitting the mark. Peirce Brosnan was a good choice in theory, if you merely wanted to continue the Roger Moore era of Bond as 'gigolo with gun' trajectory but who would believe Brosnan as a hard boiled and grave British agentlike Flemmings creation indicates? Did anyone ever believe for a moment that Brosnan or any of the other pretenders would be able to seriously handle themselves in the kind of lethal close quarters/hand to hand combat witnessed in many of these films?    For example, James Bond is the Jason Bourne par excellence and the grandfather of that type of brutal and nasty killing at close range ... Brosnan would be finished in about 3 seconds against experienced killers of the underworld he frequents. Looking at Connery with his build, stature, grave self confidence and bleak sense of humour he always exuded a rugged muscularity and element of mongrel that Bond requires in his line of work ... this is key to Bonds longevity when compared to other 00's! So finally when I heard that they were recasting the character of James Bond I threw my hands up in the air, rolled my eyes and wondered what new guy they might get who could further flog to death the great 007 that Sean Connery had created, YET AGAIN!    When the name Daniel Craig was first announced I was indignant simply due to a knee jerk reaction to all others who came before - then I started reading the press and then I started to ignore the press and look at Craig as an actor - I started watching his interviews about the role of Bond and reading some articles. Hmmm, could this guy be the one I had been waiting for the put things right again and to finally carry the mantle of Bond in the Connery tradition? Nothing could be confirmed until I went and saw the film for myself but I usually let the latest Bond release pass by until it hit the DVD stores. What I began to see in the previews and trailers excited me for the first time since my youth and I started to feel like we might just have a worthy successor to Sean Connery finally!    So I went and watched Casino Royale as soon as it was released ... the bottom line is that my suspicions were confirmed in the first minutes of the movie. Daniel Craig has completed the circle that Sean Connery left open and I can finally let out a sigh of relief when I say that James Bond has come home to this fan once again.    I do not want to get into plot lines or areas of the story but suffice it to say that Daniel Craig brings us a dark, gritty, believable character with no less heart or humanity. He is a Bond with a steely gaze, a man who means business, a character with enough mongrel and rough edges to get the kind of jobs done that only men of that nature can. The buffoonery of previous Bonds is gone but the great action remains and nobody is more pleased than I to have this DVD in my Bond collection which only consists of the Sean Connery Bond Box sets and now this.    For producers or movie makers with Bond in mind - take what you have done with Casino Royale and Daniel Craig and don't let it slip through your fingers.    CASINO ROYALE is superb!
B00005221M|5.0|Excellent movie. Very good film dramatization of the novel, Last of the Mohicans, by James Fenimore Cooper.  Always enjoy watching this film.  Bought the DVD to replace the VHS version we have had for some time.  Main and supporting cast played their characters very well.
0780619587|2.0|Did not watch all of it...  Very poor sound-mix quality  Story-line was abusive, which I do not care for  I give all of my DVDs to the local library once I am done with them
B000E97Y6K|5.0|I have seen the original and thought it was good but to me it seemed ancient and not 'classic'. Perhaps I am too young to see it that way. But at least I have seen the movie, on more than 1 occassion. Anyway, I love Peter Jackson and I loved this film. Yes, it was a tad overlong but I dont mind long movies as long as they keep my interest. The effects and acting were wonderful and amazing. Peter Jackson and his Weta team are genuises in that department. In this, I actually felt sypathy when King died, as opposed to the original where I felt nothing. Naomi Watts is quickly becoming my favorite actress. She can truly do anything. Kong Himself was by far some of the best effects in film history. There is no way anybody can complain about that. I saw it in the theaters and it was an awesome experience. That is probably the best way to see this, on a very big screen.
B000S9WLBY|4.0|Good movie. But you get tired of reading the captions since the movie is in Japanese.
B00005O3VC|4.0|What can I say?  I laughed until I cryed when I saw both Monty Python and the Holy Grail.  And Borat did the same thing to me.    Really, that says more about me than the films, so don't think that these two films are anything alike beyond making made me silly, but maybe it might be helpful to you.     Maybe not.
B00013RC8O|4.0|Hard to find campy classic explores drug, race, hippy scenes.  We must have seen it 10 times when it played in the early 70's.  Still watch it every six months or so. Two quick nude scenes were racy in the 70's, but pretty tame now. Characters well developed, car chase scenes excellent for the pre-digital era (when they actually had to do the stunts). Too bad it is a little pricey, but worth the money if you remember it from when it showed in theaters.
B000GLKLCK|5.0|There are many excellent collections of these concertos, but, in my opinion, Perahia stands out as the pianist who can convey the passion, the drama, the joy, the sadness and the sheer playfulness of these masterpieces of the repertoire most effectively.  I would certainly recommend this remastered edition with absolutely no reservations whatsoever.
B000NA28I4|1.0|After putting [[ASIN:0440240735 Eragon (Inhertitance)]] on my summer reading list, I thought, \\"Now I am prepared to watch the movie.\\"  I am sure glad I read the book or the movie would have made little sense.<br /><br />Plot:<br />Overall, the same as the book (with huge chunks condensed, combined, or otherwise mutilated).  Eragon lives in the mountains with his uncle and cousin until he finds a mysterious \\"stone\\". He quickly discovers this stone is an egg when it hatches to reveal a dragon he calls Saphira. However, Galbatorix's agents are searching for, in this version, Eragon himself. Eragon's uncle dies, and Eragon leaves his home with a mysterious storyteller, Brom, and his dragon, Saphira, to head off to the Varden (instead of revenge). During their travels, Brom speed teaches Eragon about the legacy of an order called the Riders, sword fighting, and magic (all taking a grand total of one lesson to be grasped), they battle beings called \\"Urgals\\", and Eragon searches for his purpose.<br /><br />Good:<br />The special effects are awesome.  Saphira was well done and meshed well into the rest of the characters.  Not once did I think, \\"Wow, she's CG.\\"  Jeremy Irons stands out as Brom, the only interesting character in this version.  He captures the rugged former dragon rider, now teacher role well.<br /><br />Bad:<br />It's so long, but I'll summarize.<br />1.  I don't know why, but someone thought this needed to fit into an hour and a half timeslot.  So a team went through the 730 page book and started yanking out pages, gluing others together.  So many incidents either don't happen (Brom and Eragon don't go to the village decimated by Urgals) or rush past (Murtagh's intro, Angela's fortune telling, and pretty much every other characters' introduction) or are combined in silly ways (Brom dying while Eragon and he rescued Arya--really?!?).<br />2.  I hated how everyone knows when the dragon hatched and to whom it hatched to.  Puh-leaze.<br />3.  The villains are weak.  I feel they had the strength of a slug.<br />4.  Why didn't Arya have pointed ears?  She was an Elf, right?<br />5.  The ending diverged so much from the book.  Saphira almost died?  Yeah, right!<br />6.  So many characters were hacked.  Murtagh had all of three lines.  The Twins were omitted.  The leader was given two.  Angela was given one scene.  And what happened to the werecat?<br />I may not have thought the book was the best thing to have ever happened in the world (read my review), but compared to this movie, it looks like a new-found classic!<br /><br />Dialogue/Sexual Situations/Violence:<br />PG style dialogue.  Arya wears some form-fitting battle wear.  Violence includes a man piercing people with his finger nail, sword-fights, and magic induced battles.<br /><br />Overall:<br />If you were a fan of the book, you will hate this movie as it cuts out any culture, background, or character that the book had.  If you sort of liked the book, you will probably still hate this movie (like myself).  If you didn't read or didn't like the book, you will have a good chance of hating this movie (like my poor sister who hadn't read the book and probably never will now).  My advice?  Don't watch this terrible hack job!Why didn't Arya have pointed ears?  She was an Elf, right?  5.  The ending diverged so much from the book.  Saphira almost died?  Yeah, right!  6.  So many characters were hacked.  Murtagh had all of three lines.  The Twins were omitted.  The leader was given two.  Angela was given one scene.  And what happened to the werecat?  I may not have thought the book was the best thing to have ever happened in the world (read my review), but compared to this movie, it looks like a new-found classic!    Dialogue/Sexual Situations/Violence:  PG style dialogue.  Arya wears some form-fitting battle wear.  Violence includes a man piercing people with his finger nail, sword-fights, and magic induced battles.    Overall:  If you were a fan of the book, you will hate this movie as it cuts out any culture, background, or character that the book had.  If you sort of liked the book, you will probably still hate this movie (like myself).  If you didn't read or didn't like the book, you will have a good chance of hating this movie (like my poor sister who hadn't read the book and probably never will now).  My advice?  Don't watch this terrible hack job!
B00001QEE7|5.0|This is an all-time classic. I dont know anybody who hasnt seen it. Its a magical, beautiful film that you can watch over and over. And who doesnt know the words to every song? It doesn't get any better than this.
B000HEWEEE|5.0|People tend to get too caught up in how this could possibly be happening (The characters are in two different years corresponding with each other. She is in the year 2006 and he is in the year 2004.), and totally miss the wonderful love story.  This is one of my favorite movies, but then I again so is \\"The Lady in the Water\\" and a lot of people don't see how clever that is, so I have a different view.
B000MNP2KI|5.0|I keep waiting for a true Bond film - one actually based upon the character in Ian Flemming's novels - but this one will do nicely for now. This is actually Bond influenced by Jason Bourne; Matt Damon has raised the bar pretty high recently.  TGFT.    I thought Sean was great, Roger stunk, Timothy did well, and Brosnan rocked; but Craig is now The Bond.    P.S. - If you like Brosnan - then check out The Matador.  If you like Craig, then watch Layercake.
B000067FP7|5.0|I bought this mainly for my daughter who is 6. She loved it. She, her Daddy and I sat and watched it together. Her Daddy and I hadn't seen it in years and she thought it was the funniest movie. She laughed so hard from beginning to end! The ending did make her cry a little, but after talking to her she was fine. Her Daddy and I both told her how we cried at that part too when we first saw it.......Yeah, she laughed at that!  I love this movie....we all do!
0743289684|4.0|Ayaan does what few people can.  She speaks from within. Having lived and suffered the inhumane treatment Muslim women are subject to, Ayaan describes her struggle to liberate herself from a religion that in her view enslaves women physically, but also subjects men to a mental cage from which is almost impossible to escape.  Very honest account of her life in radically different cultures: Somalia, Ethiopia, the Saudi Kingdom and the West.  Her description of the irrational and erroneous perceptions of peoples so pervasive in different cultures is particularly illuminating.
B0000DJZ8R|4.0|The recording is exactly what I needed, but I am unsure if this is a legal copy of a copyrighted work.
B0000TG9E2|4.0|There are some parts I love and some parts that seem to drag for me, but overall, this is a very cool Disney movie with a different feel. I cant quite put my finger on it but it almost doesnt feel like Disney. It has a wicked undertone which I actually love. But then again, the man who wrote the book supposedly wasn't 'all there' when he wrote it so that could explain it.
B000002UB3|5.0|Who needs to review the Beatles - they are timeliess and wonderful. My children who are teens and early 20's love them as much as I do, and this album has a zillion wonderful songs on it!
B00003CY6M|5.0|Amazing movie - romantic comedy but surprisingly entertaining!! Highly recommend!! (even my boyfriend liked it!!)
B000001ELL|5.0|I ALWAYS DID LOVE THIS MUSIC FROM THE FIRST TIME I HEARD IT YEARS AGO. I LOVED GOING BACK IN TIME & REMEMBERING THE FIRST TIME I HEARD IT ON VINAL !
0790729393|5.0|All the actors were great in this movie. It had a lot of drama and was a very sad story for the boys, but I love the ending when they got the bad guys back.  Justice!!!
0553565915|5.0|This book leaves you warm and fuzzy. It is an easy read that you will not want to put down. If you believe in God, you don't want to miss reading this book. The details and enlightenment are fantastic.
B000HEVZ9O|4.0|I thought the first MI was pretty cool, I though the second had its cool moments and I loved the 3rd one. Tom Cruise still has it, I dont care what anyone says. These are all action-packed, edge-of-your-seat type of movies and are all quite enjoyable to watch at anytime. The first and last are definetely the better ones, but this collection was a pretty cool idea. I'll definetely have to pick it up for myself.
B000RJO578|5.0|OK, so I know that others might not agree, but I thought this to be one of the greatest movies ever. The absurdity, subtle and not-so-subtle humor was an absolute delight.
0385720920|5.0|Classic Chuck. Very enjoyable read and a quick one. He entertains, educates, and thrills with this clever and satirical novel.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Even though Firefly didn't get to finish its first season, the fan base was large enough for a movie to be made.  Firefly and Serenity are both great \\"Science Fiction\\" movies for people that hate ridiculous space aliens, beaming up, and all of that.  Both the show and the movie are basically a space western with the same great characters (this movie takes place after the show).<br /><br />I saw Serenity first and then went back and watched the show.  It was so disappointing watching the show toward the end knowing how good the show was and how it was cancelled.  The show is better but this movie is great!  You don't have to watch the show to enjoy Serenity.<br /><br />It's so great to see the entire cast together.  They all play off each other and each have their own interesting dynamics.  I smiled the entire time the movie was playing when I saw it in the theater.  Without a doubt, Firefly and Serenity are my favorite show/movie of all time.
B00004W4UB|5.0|Julia Roberts and John Malkovich were great together. It kept me on the toes through out the whole movie.
1416909532|5.0|I think Greg offers very good advice in this book. Girls, ditch those losers! You deserve better and Greg will help you see the truth about those obnoxious, careless, what about me guys out there. Read this if you are having doubts about your man or always end up with guys that are losers. Greg sheds light on behavior and what it means.
B000J103PC|4.0|I have not read the book, but I really liked the movie. It seemed fresh and different. Meryl Streep alone is worth watching, she is so amazing. Yes there are some very unrealistic parts in this (like the Harry Potter scene), but I didnt feel dissuaded from watching it and would recommend it to anyone.
0385522401|4.0|It's 1962, and Edward and Florence, both virgins, are having dinner on the first night of their honeymoon at a hotel on England's Chesil Beach. The two young marrieds seem like they're living in 1862, and McEwan seems like he's writing in 1862. She's terrified of sex, and he's roaringly anxious to get it on. The book covers their courtship and their families in detail. Of course the author of the fine novel \\"Atonement\\" is deft at telling a story, building suspense, and etching characters, but what he has to say in this novella is unfortunately slight and conventional.<br /> It's about a failure to communicate in advance of marriage, so what else is new? Florence's love of music, the violin, and her string quartet and Edward's love of history and nature--these are delineated very well. Of Edward on his wedding night McEwan writes, \\"His painful craving was building intolerably, and he was frightened by his own savage impatience and the furious words or actions it might provoke, and so end the evening.\\"<br /> Florence had always been afraid of hurting other people's feelings, but she fails at a critical juncture. The last two pages of the book are really heart-wrenching because often by not saying something at the crucial time, our whole life courses are altered. It's a beautifully told narrative that can be read in a very short time span. At the beginning the author sets his story in the historical period and chronicles generational changes in behavior, but he, his characters and story seem to creep back into the Victorian era.<br /> Newlyweds: Hearken! Talk everything, and I mean everything, out before you get hitched.
B000LXH0AE|5.0|Well; Second favorite, anyway(after \\"The Big Lebowski\\")! First let me say that I was not a Ferrell fan before I saw this movie- I had mistakenly lumped him into the \\"Dumb and Dumber/-er\\"-\\"Wedding Crashers\\" genre. After seeing \\"Stay\\" by the same director as \\"STF\\", I went out of my way to find- and see this movie. I immediately bought a copy...for myself AND the for people I love who love a great flick. And THEN I watched \\"Anchorman\\"-which I had previously vowed to NEVER see! OH, The Folly of Making Assumptions! If you have been as misguided as I was...it's not to late to save yourself! Open your teeny mind! See these movies! And: romance tip for the guys from \\"STF\\": Bring your lady some flours.(NOT \\"flowers!)Also: Do NOT use \\"I'd like to invite you to my Pants Party\\" as a pick-up line!(from \\"Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgandy\\"). And this concludes my very sage and always excellent advice to you 'less blessed' souls. ;} -p
B000063UR2|5.0|Wow, I love this movie.  The setting is enchanting and there is an innocence about the movie.  I love how serene and beautiful the forest looks, with details like floating particles (makes me want to quit my deskjob and go hiking). There isn't a huge amount of story or dialogue, but I think that is why I like it.  Tom Cruise does a great job and Mia Sara is extremely beautiful (even when singing)<br /><br />I bought this version because I really like the director's cut.  I haven't actually seen the US theater release since I was a kid so I honestly don't know how much better it is.<br /><br />Legend is timeless.  This is a movie I will show my kids (once I find a girl that will bear my children).
0060987464|5.0|I got my book in about 2 days in perfect condition, I couldn't have asked for more
0385522401|3.0|What I don't understand is why no reviewer mentioned the obvious \\"fact\\" that Florence had been sexually abused by her father.  The scene on the boat, for example, where she hears his belt buckle drop and then goes off into an almost out-of-body experience leave no doubt in my mind about this.  It is so central to the fact of her sexual problem that not mentioning it boggles my mind.  Obviously, Florence could have accessed her sexuality with time and patience on Edward's part.  She responded to his playing with her public hair with a near-orgasm.  If she had been able to tell him her secret (or was it really repressed beyond her ability to recall any of it?), they could have worked through their problems and the ending would have been completely different.  In fact, I was waiting for that to happen.  I thought that, on the beach, she would break down and tell him what had happened.  It was really terribly sad and unnecessary for this marriage to have failed.
B000GFLKF8|4.0|I love heist type films. This one kept my interest from the beginning. The end was pretty cool. The cast all did pretty nice jobs and for the most part seemed believable. I've seen it only once but definetly plan to watch it again sometime soon.
B000HWZ61Y|5.0|What more can be said about an album that spawned 7 singles? I remember when this album came out. I was about 11. I was hooked from the get go. I remember cranking the lead off track \\"Women\\" over and over again. At the time this album was my soundtrack. It's funny because it took almost a year for this to actually start selling like crazy. I believe \\"Pour Some Sugar On Me\\" & \\"Love Bites\\" were big singles in the summer of 1988. As   I said almost a year after the initial release.   They've added some bonus stuff on here as well. Four of the B-side singles. Which in my opinion could have been on the album anyway. I know \\"Tear It Down\\" ended up a few years later on the \\"Adrenalize\\" album. As for the other three tracks. Let's see \\"Ride Into the Sun\\" was actually a rerecorded version of a track on Leppard's first E.P. - \\"Getcha Rocks Off\\". Great song. \\"I Wanna Be your Hero\\" and \\"Ring Of Fire\\" are great rockers in true Leppard form. They would appear a few years later on the Leppard compilation \\"Retro-Active\\". Which was b-sides and unreleased tracks.   Now as for disc two. This also includes b-sides, but live cuts and remixes. This stuff is not bad. I think the highlight was the remix of \\"Armageddon It\\" which includes a very cool intro, that from listening to it was probably cut from the final mix on the Hysteria album.   If you are true Leppard fan you must add this to your collection. Definetly worth it!
B00003CXDD|5.0|I recently bought this and watched it.  All I can say is \\"Wow\\".  I remember watching this movie over and over as a child and now I know why.  It's a great movie!<br /><br />Warwick Davis and Val Kilmer do a great job and wow, Sorcia (Joanne Whalley) is smoking hot.  There are a ton of great scenes, too many to count.  It's a ridiculous but extremely entertaining movie.  And it's something you can watch if you have kids<br /><br />The only time I can recall seeing more midgets is on the TV show \\"Martin\\" where the midgets started a fight with Martin Lawrence at the bar.  If you haven't seen this movie yet, add it to your shopping cart!
630469654X|4.0|Ladyhawke is a fun movie. It has an interesting story line, advenuture, and is enjoyable. Lucille Maimone
160024131X|3.0|The story was good.  I am very proud of the work and commitment of Luttrell and his team.  He said in an interview on NPR that he feels the miltiary should be given an objective and then we should not ask how they carry out the mission because the military has smart people.  The military does have smart people but my take from this book is that I don't think Luttrell is capable of making wise decisions regarding rules of engagement.  For me, this book is a ringing endorsement of a civilian government.
B000K7VHQE|2.0|I dont get the hype about this film. We basically went to see if because of all the build up. I disliked it off the bat. It was kind of boring and completely disbelieving. No way in hell would anyone in their right mind do anything that happened in this film. I hate these 'dysfuntional family' type movies which never make sense and again, are not realistic in the least. I am shocked the Academy even nominated this for anything.
B000JBXXZ4|5.0|I may be kind of biased but this is definitely one of Incubus' best cd's to date. I have all of them and this is definitely worth buying. If you are an Incubus fan or even if you aren't... this is a good album for your collection.
B00011F5DK|5.0|This is a great game for strategy and thinking. Our whole family loves to play it.
0823013626|5.0|This is a must for anyone who is into Polymer Clay...! Tons of new techniques and tips to make all your projects outstanding..!  Donna's done it again..!!
B000P5FH3K|5.0|If you view movies on a Wide Screen television 16:9 you should order movies in Full Screen aspect ratio.  If you watch a Wide Screen enhanced dvd you generally get the Black Bars effect which I find detracts from the Wide Screen experience.  This disc was only available in the Wide Screen format and the movie was too good not to buy even with the Black Bars.
B00004R99J|3.0|I rate this straight down the middle. The music is pretty nice, as well as the animation but the story struck me as mediocre. Perhaps because the writers took great liberties in re-writing history. Still, I did for the most part enjoy watching it. I havent seen it in a while and probably won't but if you love Disney, then definetely watch this.
B000OCXMAE|5.0|I think it's pretty much impossible for Likin Park to disappoint me. This one has another great assortment of rock that I can actually listen to all the way through without skipping a single song. Go get it. This is definatly a must have.
0743289684|5.0|Ms. Ali does a great job of putting us non-muslim's in the mind of a muslim. Her experiences growing up are eye-opening! An important read for all of us. I could not put down the book!<br />Jim Mullaney<br />Fairfield OH
B000OCXMAE|5.0|At first listen, I was unimpressed..except for \\"What I've done\\".  Who can't like that tune?  The more I listen to it, the more I like it.  Its definately different than previous Linkin Park, but at the same time, well composed.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|I knew the first parts from DVD already, and I decided for me that I will upgrade my hardware to Full-HD as soon as the HD-DVD release of that production will be available (it is not in Europe yet). It is worth that solely! Every human should have a look at Earth from space - which is not possible obviously. But I recommend to watch this series to everyone!
B00003CX8Y|5.0|This is up there for the best Disney movie. The animation is astounding, the music, perfect. Its an unforgettable classic that everybody should watch, if they have yet to do so.
B000KGGLCU|5.0|I WAS SITTING IN A NAIL SALON WHEN I FIRST SAW THIS AND SAID TO MYSELF I MUST HAVE IT... IT IS BY FAR THE BEST CONCERT I'VE SEEN..I HAVE SEEN IT 3 TIMES ALREADY..IF YOUR IN THE MOOD FOR A GOOD SHOW GOOD MUSIC AND HOT CHOREOGRAPHY BUY THIS CD/DVD..THE CD IS MORE FOR BRINGING THE CONCERT WITH YOU IN YOUR EARS WHEN UR ON THE GO..ITS WONDERFUL..
1582701709|5.0|...a video and/or book for anyone who is doubting themselves and their value to life in this world. Inspirational and worth the time, once, twice, three times or more what ever it takes to build BACK your self esteem and confidence levels.
0812975219|5.0|This book reads in the voice of a slightly disgruntled Taleb. The rancor that he feels for the traders around him is justified by his lessons in statistics and philosophy, filtered through the criteria of randomness.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I love this movie. My daughter who is 14 and I watch it frequently, she especially because of Richard Armitage who she says is stunning!
B000FIMG68|5.0|Honestly, this show has everything a viewer would want. But most importantly, the acting, which i think is essential in selling a show, is pretty darn good here, from everyone. I truly am hooked, and have never felt this way about any other show before. Addicted cant even describe it. It is the best hour of tv out there and nobody is allowed to disturb me while I am watching it.
1594200823|5.0|Omnivore's Dilemma presents very useful information in an easy - to -read  manner on the prevasiveness of corn and soy in our food system, and how all \\"organic\\" food is not necessarily organically produced.  We now check food information much more closely. It is disastrous that   two mega-corporations control almost all of our processed food chain from planting to manufacturing and marketing.
B000AP04L0|4.0|This movie is hilarious....  I thought it was amazing as I watched it in college; however now that I have a full-time job, the funny parts of this movie are things I encounter on a day-to-day basis.
0930289234|5.0|The Graphic Novel genre is new to me. I enjoyed the artwork, and thought the story was interesting as well. Looking forward to the movie...
0316067598|5.0|This book was informative and compelling.  Couldn't put it down.  Gives an account of how screwed up our \\"rules of engagement\\" are, and the importance of protecting the enemy rather than our brave men fighting in the Middle East.
B00005JOFQ|4.0|I know people that will not watch this film because of the subject matter. All I have to say about that is, get over it and grow up. This isn't a film about sexuality, or homosexuality. It is about 2 people, who happen to be men, who meet and grow close. Its not an explicit film, it is all done extremely well and directed beautifully and tastefully. Ang Lee is a favorite of mine, especially after Sense and Sensibility. Brokeback Mountain is easily another score for him. It really is a beautifully touching movie. I must say that at times, it frustrated me, or I should say, the characters frustated me. Everyone wants a happy ending but sometimes, Its just not possible. This is a depressing and moving film. And because of the maturity of Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal, its a very realistic and believable film. They really brought the characters to life and were very brave for attempting something that really wasn't attempted before in recent memory. Those actors took a risk and it worked. People will not forget this film. ***RIP Heath Ledger***
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|My review will not only comment on the quality of the movie and blu-ray format it's contained in, but it will also comment on the perception by some that the movie is anti-Iranian.<br /><br />This is a fun movie to watch.  It is not an historically accurate depiction of the battle at Thermopylae.  Frank Miller himself admits that he likes to be inaccurate if he can.  The movie is over the top, dramatic, outlandish, and visually stunning.  It's just like a comic book, which it is based on.  I never went into the theater hoping for an historical epic.  I wanted to see crazy Spartans shouting and fighting.  Luckily, this movie delivers.  It's simply fun to watch.<br /><br />The blu-ray disc is generally good.  I did see some grainy images from time to time, but I think that might have been a result of the CGI and assorted filters the film makers added rather than the disc format.  The clearest, most detailed blu-ray movie I've ever seen is still Corpse Bride.  Nothing even compares to that.  However, if you want to see 300 in all its glory, see it in 1080p on your big screen LCD.  That's the way to go.<br /><br />I was surprised to hear about the controversy surrounding this film, specifically from Iran who deemed it offensive.  Of course, they've banned the movie.  I consider myself a pretty free-thinking, moderate joe, but I have to say that the Iranians need to take a chill pill.  You didn't hear the English complaining about how offensive Braveheart was.  That film was the most anti-English film I've ever seen.  You don't hear about Germany complaining about all the WWII movies and video games out there that depict Germans as evil.<br /><br />The reason for that is because those movies concentrate on the themes of freedom and fighting for what you believe in.  300 didn't really focus on the fact that it was Persians who were invading.  The movie didn't ridicule the Persians for being who they were.  The movie ridiculed them for being usurpers and destroyers (not for being Persians).  There are plenty of movies out there that ridicule the U.S. for doing the same thing, but we don't ban movies for that.  American movies make fun of Canadians, French, English, Australians, etc., but you don't hear about those countries banning our movies.  Sheesh!<br /><br />Anyway, now that I'm done with my soap box issue, I still have to recommend the movie/blu-ray disc.  Personally, I like the blu-ray format.  I don't need to see the blue screen picture in picture version that comes with the HD DVD.  The extras that came with the blu-ray version were plenty for me.  If you want a good action movie, get it.  Nuff said.plenty of movies out there that ridicule the U.S. for doing the same thing, but we don't ban movies for that.  American movies make fun of Canadians, French, English, Australians, etc., but you don't hear about those countries banning our movies.  Sheesh!    Anyway, now that I'm done with my soap box issue, I still have to recommend the movie/blu-ray disc.  Personally, I like the blu-ray format.  I don't need to see the blue screen picture in picture version that comes with the HD DVD.  The extras that came with the blu-ray version were plenty for me.  If you want a good action movie, get it.  Nuff said.
0307276902|3.0|Read the book, it is good cant argue with that but it is not exceptional, it doesn't really leave anything behind. But good non the less and if you haven't read many true stories about drugs than this one is better than most.
1594489505|4.0|He has written a timely book that helps us to understand what life is like in Afganistan and Iraq.  The women are so believable and wonderful to follow on their journeys/ ConnieK
B000HCO840|2.0|I was shocked at how ridiculous this movie was. I loved the 2nd one and thought this would be the icing on the cake, but I was actually left speechless at the end. I could find nothing to say since I was so shocked at how stupid this movie was. It was a garbled mess and felt pointless. I truly was hoping to love it but instead I got the complete opposite.
0060776757|5.0|Reading this book is the same as getting to know members of the band personally. I was especially amazed by the stories on how they started at the end of 70's, they reveal all the insides of their struggle to get recognized. The power of these people and their incredible belief in the future of what they were doing deserves the attention of not just U2 fans but also anyone who's interested in being taken into this amazing journey of four personalities. Highly recommended, worth of every penny spent
0375758992|5.0|We can recommentd this book to anyone who has lived in Zambia during and post UDI. We have sent copies to our friends in UK who were with us during our stay there. We all know people who we can relate to with the characters in this book. The story took us all back to places like the \\"Elephant's Head\\" in Kabwe - a stop on our treks to Lusaka from Ndola.
B000LC55F2|5.0|Oh, this was a really good film. It starts with a professional rivalary between two magicians. Which seems normal enough at first. But when one of the magicians comes up with a trick called \\"The Teleported Man\\" and the trick becomes a hit. It forces the other magician into an obsessive quest to figure out how the trick is done. Which drives him to do some pretty dangerous and deadly things to destroy the other magician.
B00005KARK|5.0|Very sweet, very touching. Dumbo is adorable and he doesnt even say a word. The scene when his mom is rocking him on her trunk gets me every time. Truly beautiful.
0321334876|4.0|This is the type of book I recommend to everyone with little experience in C++ and willing to become a better and more experienced coder.    The author talks about several items which are useful for dealing with class hierarchies, design, good coding practices and solution to usual problems (and also shows some problems dont have a simple solution).    The way he writes makes it very easy for every coder to understand even for non native english readers. Sometimes you feel like going to the PC to implement what hes talking about and see the magic of C++ come alive.    Great book.
B000063DIH|4.0|This album is divided into three parts:    The standouts: Be Quick or Be Dead, Childhood's End and Fear of the Dark  The good: From Here to Eternity, Judas Be My guide, Afraid to shoot strangers  The other tracks are ok.    My favourite track on the record is Childhood's End, which is all about war (a typical theme for metal). It's sort of like a ballad, even the instruments sound emotional.     And finally, here is the score for each track individually:  Be Quick or Be Dead: 9/10  From here to Eternity: 8/10  Afraid to Shoot Strangers: 8/10  Fear is the Key: 6/10  Childhood's End: 11/10  Wasting Love: 7/10  The Fugitive: 5/10  Chains of Misery: 4/10  The Apparition: 5/10  Judas Be My guide: 8.5/10  Weekend Warrior: 5/10  Fear oof the Dark: 10/10    Standout track: Childhood's End (why couldn't this have been performed live)
B000EXZI14|5.0|This is the sound track from the A&E cable channel BeeGee's special of the same name. It has all the best songs with current renditions (it was recorded only several years ago) Not that old BeeGee recordings are that bad. But,the group has matured over the last 40 years. \\"One Night Only\\" is far superior to their early work.
B00005JO1R|3.0|My rating is actually pretty kind. I love Joaquin and he did a phenominal job, but the movie itself was kind of on the boring side. It dragged way too long and the length should definetely have been cut. There are a few bright spots, like the acting and music, but perhaps its that I am just not a fan of the biopic type films.
0452286751|5.0|It is hard to find a book that reflects the values Rand does in the Fountainhead.  It is even rarer to find one that does so while being so well written.
B000IZJZLM|5.0|If you're looking for romantic sounds to ease your way into a woman's heart, get this CD. If she's not a rapper, if she appreciates good music, she'll ask you to dance...
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I have only seen the first disk and it has helped me learn about animals I did not know much about.  I can't wait to see the rest of the disks.
B000002UDG|5.0|I just love this peppy, catchy, sing-along group of songs.  I play the album when I do chores and it makes the time whiz by.  I recommend this CD for any Paul McCartney fan and even for those who aren't.  Time to be converted, if you're not a fan.
0143038419|5.0|I heard about this book from a yoga friend and got a copy from her once she was done reading.  From page one I knew I would be hard-pressed to put the book down!  I laughed out loud, cried out loud and couldn't stop talking about this book.  I actually ordered 5 extra copies for friends and family and they all feel the same way.  It's got something that every woman can relate to and Elizabeth Gilbert writes in such a way that you almost feel you are having a conversation with her.  I highly recommend this book!
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|The CD's arrived promtly and with much satisfaction! I would recommend this CD to anyone with a romantic soul! I'm planning on using it for my wedding!!
B000003N89|4.0|pianist/vocalist diana krall plays tribute to nat king cole in her own way  without copying him and doing a good job backed up by a fine guitarist and  bassit,,this is a tastefull effort that succedes
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This DVD series is absolutely phenomenal! I would rate it higher if I could! Everyone should watch this series. It shows some unbelievable shots of some pretty rare animals. Things that you just don't get to see! It really makes you love the world and want to protect what we have.
1400064287|4.0|Short and to the point, but with enought substance to make this a fine book.  The SUCCES acronym guides us through studies and instructive examples of each principle.  I am a trial attorney and found enough new ideas here to keep this book in my office so I can refer to it when I need a refresher.  I think it would be equally helpful to anyone who presents/teaches new ideas to whatever audience.
B000F8O2OM|5.0|The second season may be the best season of SG-1. We meet the Tok'ra, which are among my favorites of sci-fi. They are still unquestionably the good guys in the first 3-4 seasons - after that the writers inexplicably decides they are bad. The show seriously starts to go downhill at that point anyway - SG-1 is best when they still mostly keep to fighting (and being captured by) the goa'ulds or go to meet new peoples.
0694003611|5.0|My 17 month old daughter loves this book! I did not grow up with this book, so I didn't realize how popular it is, and I honestly didn't get why everyone makes such a fuss over it. However, she loves it!  Maybe it's the simplicity, maybe it's the repetition.  I don't know, but I do know that she loves it, and there are times when I have to read it to her over and over again.
0618680004|5.0|This book is written in a clear and easily understandable style that presents Richard Dawkins position on religion and God.  Whether you accept all of his arguments or not, it is a very worthwhile read.
B00009P1O2|2.0|The camera needed to be a bit further back. As much as I enjoy close ups, and I mean close ups, I like seeing a concert not looking up nostrals or in ear canals, constant camera angles made it difficult to enjoy.
B000LW86GM|5.0|I absolutely love this movie as much as I love the first one! I am 21 years old and just hooked on the characters and the music! I am a big fan and would recommend this to everybody!
B000NA1Z1A|5.0|I really enjoyed this cd.I love to listen to it as background music when I'm driving around or even if I'm jsut stuck in the house. Tears dry on their own [track 7]was probably my favorite, but i liked pretty much all the songs. There's also a bonus track not listed on the cd, a remix of I'm no good.
B000GRTQSE|5.0|While Time Out of Mind remains my favorite Dylan album, this is an excellent follow-up.  Many of us think it's one of Dylan's best.
B00005JLIU|5.0|One of Julie Andrews best.  It is fast paced for some critics, kind of campy.  But I love this movie very much.
072325804X|5.0|I have always loved Beatrix Potter's books.  After seeing the movie based on her life, I knew I had to start my granddaughter and great nephew on her tales.
B000HEWEEY|5.0|Was an awesome purchase.  I love the movie and the extras make it worth buying.  It would have been better if it was $10 cheaper.
0743289684|4.0|I salute the courage to write this book but find the author GUILTY of WRONGLY interchanging  [***ARAB*** culture and customs]  with [***ISLAMIC*** culture and customs].   Anyone who reads the Koran will recognize that indeed.. the culture and customs described in the book are in contradiction with what the Koran teaches and forbids.       Many of the laws in the Koran and Sunnah were in response to the abusive culture and customs of the Arab world partcularly before the 'arrival' of Islam.  Islam is INDEED a religion of EQUALITY, PEACE and LOVE....      The adoption of Islam, the way it is done in many parts of the world is ANOTHER story....    Let us be fair to this religion of PEACE!!      MANY OF YOU TOOK THE TIME TO READ INFIDEL, SATANIC VERSES, CAGED VIRGIN ETC... PLEASE DO YOURSELF **JUSTICE** AND READ THE KORAN.. NOT ARTICLES OR BOOKS ABOUT ABUSES OF CULTURES INFLUENCED BY ARABS CUSTOMS... BUT THE KORAN AND NOTHING BUT... then MAKE UP YOUR MIND.    Respectfully
B0000AUHQT|5.0|It is unfortunate that the original is not on DVD yet but this is one of the more colorful versions.
0743297334|5.0|All I can say is that the people who have rated this book with a low score are missing the point.  This is a beautifully written book.  The complaints that nothing happens and all the characters do is drink, fight, and fish is because this is a book about the LACK of meaning in post-WWI society.  Meaninglessness IS the message.  If you seek to understand modernism, this is the best novel for that purpose.
B000QUCNP4|4.0|movie was good but i wish there would have been some extras, like info on the real zodiac killer
0060763280|5.0|Secrets of the millionaire mind is the most insightful book I have ever read. It's like looking at yourself in a mirror that can only tell the truth. You might not like what it shows, but that's it's strength. Good Luck!!!!!
B000BRBA8S|5.0|If you are familiar with the work of the director of 2046.  You will also enjoy In the mood for love.  2046 is not formal sequele to In the mood for love.  I mean you do not need to see it first!.  These are great movies and master pieces.  If you watch this one first you will enjoy even more \\"In the mood for love\\".
B000SM7QUC|5.0|I have tried several times to sit down and write a review of The Heroin Diaries soundtrack, and every time I am just too stunned to know where to begin.     I have always been of the mind-set that life would be nothing without music, but that being said... NO music I have ever listened to has affected me this strongly.  I felt every emotion that ever existed somewhere in this soundtrack.     I can visualize the entire story as it plays; and feel all of the emotions; pain, fear, loneliness, anger, frustration, and finally... healing and hope. Nikki Sixx, James Michael and Dj Ashba have done a PHENOMENAL job at taking you on the journey that Nikki endured during the worst of his drug addiction.    From the beginning, you feel Nikki's pain and loneliness in \\"X-Mas In Hell.\\" By the time the second track, \\"Van Nuys,\\" began to play, the combination of the lyrics and James Michael's vocals, I had tears rolling down my face.     \\"Life Is Beautiful,\\" with its soaring chorus and intense lyrics, sounds beautiful but haunting at the same time.  If you managed to hold it together through the first half, brace yourself for \\"Dead Man's Ballet.\\"     And there's such a wide range of musical styles throughout the songs. While some are perfect for modern rock radio (\\"Life Is Beautiful\\" \\"Pray For Me\\" \\"Tomorrow\\") there are some very powerful and beautiful ballads (\\"Accidents Can Happen\\" \\"Girl With Golden Eyes\\" \\"Van Nuys\\") that will practically make you weep.    Just take my advice... when you get it in the mail, put the headphones on, go to a quiet place and just LISTEN... from beginning to end. You'll be glad you did. 
0765316978|5.0|This third book in the series was over too quick.  This is not to say that it was too short -- just that I enjoyed it so much that I read it quickly.
B00097DX3U|5.0|for me, the album is great, it entertains me, that is what I want. You know what you like, don't listen to every Rolling Stone wanna-be that decides he/she knows the soul of a band, and the sound YOU are looking for. Listen for yourself and decide for yourself. These spoon feeder reviews (probably plagiarized) are ridiculous at best. Its the best ever, its the worst ever, its great, it sucks, get a life.<br /><br />As for me, I am again entertained by the audioslave albums, all of them, 5 stars.
1932100660|5.0|This book was recommended to me by an uncle who had lost almost 100 pounds from converting to a diet (without animal protein) inspired by this book.  Compelling research by an ivy leaguer (30+ years of research) and other worldwide experts link diseases of affluence (cancers, heart disease, and autoimmune diseases like MS or Alzheimer's) to something we American's cherish: animal protein, both meat and dairy.  Knowing the author was raised on a dairy farm and loved meat made it a little easier for this meat lover to swallow (forgive the pun), but seriously the studies outlined in this book and the results they found are shocking.  Why this isn't on the evening prime time news is one of the questions I have after reading this book.  Every American interested in their health, longevity and quality of life should read this book--I couldn't recommend it more.  Heather Mills (Paul McCartney's ex) is quoted as saying she buys this book for everyone she loves, and I've bought several copies for family and friends, a must read.  What I'd really like the authors to find out and tell us is if there is any kind of qualitative difference in animal proteins that are out there, and their links to these diseases.  For example, could they rate or list in preferential order which animal proteins are less harmful.  It would seem to me that grass-fed hormone free lamb or buffalo meat would have to be superior to commercially raised pork that is highly subject to disease and pumped full of chemicals prior to hitting our plates.  For now our family, meat lovers, have reduced our animal protein down to 10% of our intake (a real sacrifice, but we've all lost weight and feel better than any of us can remember) and use common sense.  Additional guidance would be helpful.  If you haven't read this book, buy it and read it ASAP.  Even if you think you'll disagree with everything in it, it is one of those powerful, paradigm-shifting books and it's very readable.
B000000WFZ|5.0|A person I respect recommended this CD, ecstatically and emphatically. I felt there had to be some hype involved, as I couldn't imagine a piece of movie music really being 'all that'.  This soundtrack is incredible -it is unbelievable- it stirs the deepest parts of the soul with complex emotions at a depth that is... well... transformative. Listen and be CHANGED!
B00005MP58|5.0|If you're a Jane Austen fan or even if you aren't, this A&E version of Pride and Prejudice is the best Austen retelling hands down.  Colin Firth is a smoldering Mr. Darby.  I've stayed up too many nights watching it over and over.
B00005K9QP|5.0|Chess records meets the Brits.  What can be said, Eric C. and John M.   Any fan of the Blues should love this recording which for my money is the closest any British group has come to the Mississippi delta feel.  This shows you how much the British adored our blues musicians who were often overlooked in their own home.
B000062YAZ|5.0|First off I think it's stupid to argue about music you either like it or you hate it.  That being said it's all just a matter of opinion.  Alot of people that hate this album are singing the praises of Megadeth and Metallica and I like Slayer and Exodus MUCH better. To put it bluntly If you like your thrash real, evil, heavy, and fast then I don't see how you don't own this already but if that's not what your into then go and pick up St. Anger or United Abominations.
0446677450|5.0|All I can say is that it is never too late to get started. ... Yet still hard to brake old habits!    Where were Robert & Sharon back in the fifties?   Yea But, as a know it all teenager, would I have read anything along these lines anyhow.   Not only was this book informative, it also was a good read as a novel.  Had a hard time putting it down, to take care of the priorities.   This one only wet my appetite, and buying \\"Cash Flow Quadrant was a no brainer.   Now to learn how I can encourage my grand children to pick it up and start applying it.    Dr. D. P.  Gatten
0143036556|5.0|This book is a wonderful read -- fascinating as well as very educational. May be a lesson for our own civilization -- certainly helps to boost our awareness as to why others failed.
0440241901|4.0|I actually laughed outload in some parts.  The elevator scene was priceless.  A great book for a easy read for a weekend.
1582701709|1.0|Being an Oprah fan, and given her endorsement of the book (and EVERYONE I know talking about it all the time), I couldn't wait pick it up and read it.  But much to my disappointment, this book comes so short of what it promises, I really don't understand how it's been as successful as it has been - if not for its mass readership's complete lack of understanding of the subject.  The author writes about very deep, complex, and intricate ideas with what seemed to me like a complete disregard (or perhaps a lack of appreciation) for their awful nature (I mean awful in the archaic sense of the word:  inspiring reverential wonder or fear).  No, you simply can't take ideas that, for millenniums, have been wrestled over by the world's greatest philosophers, intellectuals, and theologians; and pretend to SUMMARIZE them definitively in your little book with catchy chapter titles, short and choppy paragraphs, and little anecdotes about happy people who have a lot of TOYS!!!  The root of the ideas that Byrne pretends to know so much about lies not on exterior and material possessions - or the acquisition thereof.  But rather in the intangible nature of our transcendent being and our understanding (if not only our very exploration) of it.  Byrne grossly cheapens these ideas by oversimplifying them and packaging them in a bite-sized micro booklet that terribly fails to have a truly lasting impact.  By the last chapter (titled \\"The Secret to Life\\"), I couldn't take it anymore.  I had to laugh (almost) and throw the book in the trash - it's a bad joke!
B000ROALCG|5.0|this is an excellent cd marc anthony sounds just like hector lavoe, if you like lavoe's music you will like this cd the movie is good too.
0393061310|5.0|Jared Diamond must be a fascinating professor -- he has a way of organizing this material, logical answers with well documented data, and personal experience stories that tell us so much.  He helps us understand why some of us have been luckier to evolve to modern health, safety, and comforts than others. No wonder he's a Pulizer Prize winner. I've enjoyed Collapse and this book, and find myself reading parts of them over and over. Certainly our future as a civilization is helped by better understanding why previous cultures/civilizations failed. But we do need to listen, learn, and seek (nonpartisan/mutually beneficial) solutions as to how to correct our path before we can succeed in assuring our collective future.
0452285186|5.0|I love this book, if you like the bunny suicides this is a great book for the collections.
B0000507OD|4.0|This Doc is included in the enhanced DVD of the film. I bought both thinking that it wasn't.
0385335997|5.0|Our entire family has enjoyed the entire Gabaldon Outlander series. We savor each book knowing it has to come to an end, waiting for the next, and not looking forward to the series conclusion (if there is one). It's a 2-year commitment to read the entire series, but what a story!!! And a great way to learn of Scotland and the colonies' early history.
0143038419|5.0|I am so grateful that my friend recommended this book to me. The stories took me on the journeys as I relaxed on the beach this summer. I truelly identified and travelled with Elizabeth. Definately Eat, Pray and Love everyday.
B000P2A24W|5.0|Bon Jovi, para todos los ms de 100.000.000 de fanticos, creo que no hace falta decir nada ms. Para los que no lo han escuchado, una vez mas entrega un disco excelente. Si no lo tienen cmprenlo.
1594489505|5.0|I could not put this book down.  It was deeply moving and educational.  The Taliban made war on women and although I knew that, this book brought that fact to life.
0446530573|5.0|I was unsure about buying this, but it became one of the best cookbooks I own. Everything is very clear, and so far nothing has come out bad. Many of the recipes are ones I remember my greatgrandmother cooking!!
B000001FZK|5.0|I remember anxiously awaiting for this album to come out. I had been a big fan of Talk Talk since It's My Life. And then the Color of Spring changed everything. They made such a huge break from their original 80's sound that it was shocking and wonderful all at the same time.     And then came Spirit of Eden. There was nothing, absolutely nothing like it. A work of sheer genius. A masterpiece. The sound other-worldly and alien. But vital and gorgeous nonetheless.    I remember in college listening to Laughing Stock for the first time. Melancholy, plaintive and downright riveting. I was blown away. The drum work in particular was astounding -- persistent and unrelenting and angry.  Laughing Stock is not only an extension of the direction that Talk Talk took on Spirit of Eden, it a transcendent masterpiece in its own right.
B00008PC2O|5.0|Although it came out in the 1980's i haven't seen any film that is more sci fi than terminator 2 . the dvd it self was of the best i' ve ever seen. The special effects were outstanding and they even got an academy award for it, aside from the special effects it also had a good storyline. It is about John Connor who is going to be very important in the future against skynet, has to be saved because skynet has sent a time travellling cyborg to kill him from existing in the future.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|I AM A US MARINE AND THIS MOVIE IS QUINTESSENTIAL MARINE CORPS. WATCHING THIS MOVIE ON THE HIGH DEF FORMAT REALLY LETS YOU WATCH IT THE WAY IT WAS MEANT TO BE WATCHED. THE ENTIRE CG BACKGROUND IN THIS MOVIE REALLY COMES ALIVE. IF YOU LIKE A THRILL RIDE THEN THIS MOVIE WILL HAVE YOU OUT OF YOUR SEAT WANTING MORE.
B000QCUB8I|5.0|this is wher r&r went - catch on, catch up or catch a cold - suffer haters.
B000O178BY|5.0|Dark vision of future by the genius of Trent Reznor, reborn after the weak \\"With teeth\\" album. Filled with the memorable tunes accompanied with the sounds in the level of physical pain (visit a concert, you will understand). My personal favorite album of 2007. Highly recommended!
B00007KWHG|5.0|The fabulously successful musical \\"Jersey Boys\\" transported us 35 years back in time. We immediately bought the real group's CD from Amazon and we play it three times a day. It invigorates us. They are even grander than we remembered them in our youth. Knowing the backstory from the play, we appreciate the music all the more. What a trip, what a night!
B000SFJWLU|4.0|This band has some hardcore lyrics.  It's nice to see a band that isn't worried about being pc and lets the hateful feelings rage!  They remind me of a mix between biohazard and until the end.  This album will make you want to punch your best friend.
1590171993|3.0|I kept seeing a blurb for this book that it was the perfect novel so I picked it up. I don't know that I feel better for having read it. It captures rather well the dark and disappointing side of ordinary life. The famous quote \\" Most men lead lives of quiet desperation\\" comes to mind. If you are already clinically depressed and need somthing else to confirm your worst fears this is your cup of tea. Williams is a very good writer and captures all the nuances to put you right there.
B000OPOANE|5.0|Great all over, the music, the video, the extras.  Very cool.    Rush is truly a great band!
B000002UB6|5.0|let it be is still a great album despite all the criticism, and overrationalization that's gone on eversince let it be hit the market. It has some of their greatest and most enduring songs, such as the title track itself, the long and winding road, get back, two of us(less known but a sweet and great song indeed!), and solid booming hard rock like i've got a feeling(thoroughly underrated), John's i dig a pony, george's i,me,mine, more of a personal statement, but great rock piece indeed! John'sacross the universe is a classic indeed... that's about all the album leaving the lesser pieces of some interest still such as one after 909, for you blue, and the certainly rocking and rolling dig it by john and the beatles, which in its longer full version in the film let it be is a classic lennon/beatles rocker...so how the album falls short of being one of their greatest? more of the perceived sense of impending break-up, tension filled time period, and the sense of loss that they would not be able to achieve musical greatness as before...it has more to do with public psyche, and what has become a labelled-matter than the beatles inadequacy, or lack of interest. the group cohesion is certainly there still unlike what all the critics have preached over the years! all you need to do is see the let it be documentary to know the jointed-effort they all put into it. the critics always label something as less than satisfactory when they mix up extraneous situations with work of art, and believe it or not the critics are perhaps just a little better in their surmise than regular people, and are nearly equally apt to underrate as much as they might overrate...
B000I0RNV6|5.0|Great movie to watch.... one that you never get tired of watching over and over again. Will be remembered forever...
B000R7I3LY|4.0|I've been listen to Sarah since her and I were in college at UCLA.  Her original songs have always been great and they are well reflected on this album.  I really think she's a great artist and musician.
032147404X|4.0|I found this book very helpful. His humor is slightly annoying at times, but makes for interesting reading. The tips are very good and easy to understand. There is a whole chapter on wedding photography which is awesome. He gives several tips throughout the chapters, and I've already put some of it to use. I would recommend this book to other beginning photographers.
B000OT6V00|5.0|Hellboy's PQ was excellent and the added scenes add to the flow of the movie. Great BD buy.
B000MG1ZGA|2.0|I have owned this album for about 6 years and I know it pretty well.  I recently purchased the 2007 version and have to say that even though it sounds very clean (no tape his) it seems they have also smoothed over the feel of the music.  I don't mind that the song versions are slightly different.  I prefer the 2000 version.  It feels more alive even though it has less detail.
0060887966|5.0|A co-worker brought her copy of this book in one day for me to see. It was love at first sight and I knew I wanted my own copy. A month later, I bought one for myself on my birthday. I read it in two afternoons. It is a really good book. I would suggest it to anyone. It is very simple writing but the message is quite deep.
1401902197|5.0|I listened to this CD in my first phase of healing from PTSD.  It was soothing, and wonderful.  I focussed on the positive.  I made myself the positive affirmations.. and I promise you, I believed in them and they worked.  I am so amazed.  I also liked the Secret DVD, but this book from Louise Hay was more manageable.  I didn't use the book as much as the CD.  I just put it in my car and passively listened to it.  I hope it gives you healing and positive energy!!
B000H1QYXY|5.0|The CD I FINALLY received was surprisingly a good addition to my George Michael collection. It had some new tracks that I have never heard before. I have nothing but good things to say about the CD. I do however, have bad things to say about AMAZON. I paid for 2day delivery and received the product about a week and a half later. Upon arrival, the cover of it seemed in tact. When I opened it, the little plastic pins that hold the discs in were broken. I really had to hurry to download it to my comp fearing it would get scratched because their was nothing to hold the discs in place. Over all, the product is exceptional.  The service of AMAZAN and UPS needs a total overhaul.
1570429596|2.0|I got this book from my local library after reading a Random Walk Down Wall Street by Burton Gordon Malkiel, a book that makes a point of backing its logical statements with explanations and in some cases statistics.  Rich Dad in stark contrast is written almost like a self-help manual giving generic advise along the lines of \\"don't work for others, work for your self\\"; embedded in cheesy and unbelievable stories about his upbringing in Hawaii with two dads, his real one, a conservative teacher and his spiritual one, a successful entrepreneur.  Kiyosaki does not deny that 4 out 5 new business will go broke within the first 5 years and of those that survive, 4 out of 5 will eventually fail, but he nevertheless insists on pushing the concept of independence, to free oneself from the \\"rat race\\".  To accomplish this, he offers nothing better that the tired and old business model of buying real estate (preferably in foreclosure) with little down and a lot of leverage and selling it (often the very same day) for profits of 20-50%.  This is a lie and a sure way to get you to loose everything you worked hard to save in the first place.  Sure, it might have worked for him, but it is by no means a cookie cutter model, especially in these times of the sub-prime mortgage fiasco.  To top things off, this book is badly written, and often the same idea is repeated in almost the same language a few pages down the chapter.  If you want to be \\"inspired\\" with a baseless sense that you too can be rich, go for it. If you want to really learn how to think about investing, there are many better books than this.  Thank god I could simply return this copy to the library and did not spend any money on it.
B000JLTRIG|5.0|This is a really good season of charm. It keeps you on your toes and it is very interesting and suspenceful.
B0000012Y1|4.0|Few conductors were as attuned to the beauties of Wagner's orchestration as Kubelik. That quality, coupled with Kubelik's sure dramatic sense, is a strong recommendation for the recording. The principals, with one exception, sing well. Janowitz as Elsa is pure voiced and delivers a very fine reading of the role. She is not as dramatically alert as Grummer in the rival EMI set, but acquits herself well. King is a wonderfully heroic swan knight and Stewart's Telramund is thoughtful and well sung. This is an honorable man caught between forces he does not understand.    Only Gwyneth Jones disappoints. While she presents a vivid portrait of Ortrud, her unsteady singing can be a trial to the ear.     DG's thirty something year old sound has held up well in the remastering. A first choice for this opera remains Kempe's EMI set with the unsurpassed Grummer, Ludwig and Fischer-Dieskau. While Jess Thomas in the title role does not possess the vocal allure of James King, his is still a strong portrayal. As a supplement, this is a good choice.
B00005U8EM|5.0|Really just one of my favorite films.  A clever metaphor for life, and how you can (or have to) live it one day at a time.
0316067598|5.0|It is important for all of us to be reminded of what our military people go thru to keep us free. This is an inspiring story of courage, faith and love of country.
B000059XUT|4.0|who wouldn't love toy story?  My children 4yo, 2yo, and 9mo loves this movie (even I love it).  When I play this movie they sit and watch it like it's the first time they've seen it.  My 4yo and 2yo loves to pretend play so they mimic the characters in this movie.  Although there were certain words that were used in this movie that I do not approve of like: idiot, stupid, shut up. Overall it's a good movie
8185300534|5.0|My favorite book in the world.  I've read it 4 times and I imagine I'll read it another 10 times!  It was recommended by a friend, and it was his favorite book, too.  He had read it 3 or 4 times when he loaned it to me very reluctantly.  So I definitely had to purchase my own copy.
B000MZHW1S|2.0|The movie was bad, dull, funny, unrealistic and preachy.<br />A diamond has no birth certificate.<br />Where it comes from is not relevant<br /> To kind out where is Kinda like pissing into the wind.<br />I'm sorry I even spent my time renting it in HD on cable<br />Sorry Leo
B000QFCD5O|4.0|Finally good to have after all these years a definitive live performance by the Original ASIA. I originally became a fan back in the 80's because of the sum of their parts and never really fell in love with the pop oriented neoprog that they were creating. Now that I am older I think that it sounds better today that it did then and the band itself seems in fine form. The only criticism I would have is the playing of YES, ELP and King Crimson songs, they sound like a cover band and all it does is make me yearn for the real thing!
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Loved Michael C. Hall on Six Feet Under, obsessed with him as Dexter.  While brutal, the writing, twists and turns, intelligence in plot lines make this an amazing show.
1594489505|5.0|This is better than the author's first book; some trick considering the quality of the story and writing in \\"Kite Runner\\"   A darn good read.
B000002UZ6|5.0|I love this CD. I keep it in my car and it is such a mood pick-me-upper. I play it and sing and dance while I drive and just SMILE!!! She is so terrific, and every single song makes it impossible to sit still.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|who cares? I got this movie for the entertainment value, not as a history lesson. I didn't see it in the theater so this was my first viewing. I really enjoyed watching it. The picture quality and the sound quality were both excellent (I have HD). Good story line, good action but not excessively bloody. Yes, I will watch this one many times.
B000LC4CVA|1.0|I still don`t receive the DVD form Amazon !   can u find out what the problem is ?
B000957O82|5.0|Will Smith is an awesome actor. He does a very nice job of portrayin the kind of guy that is needed for that role. Fabulous job... umm.. yea.. its just a kickass movie
B000NDIAWY|5.0|Although I listen to the song 'the story' on the radio, my stereo system isn't hooked up yet.  I love that song.
B00005JPQR|5.0|No matter what criticisms I have read regarding the choice of Matt Damon to play Robert Ludlum's amnesiac covert agent in the Jason Bourne trilogy, this particular installment, \\"The Bourne Ultimatum,\\" the third of three films based on this character's search for his own brain-washed identity, proves that Damon fills the bill with an assured and serious super-spy air that has little to do with the likes of James Bond.  Damon exudes quiet get-the-business-done confidence that entertains and at the same time jolts the viewer with enough pent-up horsepower to land him on Mars without ever realizing that the rocket was entered and took off two hours earlier.<br /><br />With little dialogue, the film rushes from one explosive chase scene to another. Bourne propels himself from one world capital to another with surprising intimate knowledge of each setting.  A blur of streets in Moscow, Tangiers, Paris, London, Turin and of course, New York, the scene of Treadstone's diabolical beginnings mesmerize the viewer in a whirlwind of events seen from behind the scenes by CIA personnel intent to blindly protect the integrity of an organization that has little regard for its own failings. Amazing camera action actually simulates the feeling of being in the middle of all those fantastically executed martial arts chops and blocks from the alternating perspective of Bourne and his sparring antagonists.  With all this extra-strength action, character development is minimal; some disclosures involving repeat characters suggest another installment will ensue to follow-up on loose ends that further deploy Bourne as the ultimate weapon and super competent operative---perhaps the recent offerings by novelist Eric Von Lustbader ---The Bourne Legacy and The Bourne Betrayal will serve as fodder for this extremely exciting and lucrative series.<br /><br />Director Greengrass does this one right tinting his film with an urban grit quality that dictates the no-nonsense momentum the high-speed plot and Bourne's shaky memories from the past utilize to spiral into a labyrinth of familiar but fresh intrigue that we already know Bourne can handle all too well.<br /><br />Bottom line:  \\"The Bourne Ultimatum\\" threads together one chase and fight scene after another.  As formulaic as this may sound, there is nothing boring or blas&eacute; about this last film in the trilogy created by Robert Ludlum.  Indeed under Greengrass's direction, uber-agent Matt Damon catapults right out of the tinsel town world of nebulous spies into a fully realized real world of espionage that pulls the audience in from the get-go.  Recommended.<br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"'s shaky memories from the past utilize to spiral into a labyrinth of familiar but fresh intrigue that we already know Bourne can handle all too well.     Bottom line:  \\"The Bourne Ultimatum\\" threads together one chase and fight scene after another.  As formulaic as this may sound, there is nothing boring or blas about this last film in the trilogy created by Robert Ludlum.  Indeed under Greengrass's direction, uber-agent Matt Damon catapults right out of the tinsel town world of nebulous spies into a fully realized real world of espionage that pulls the audience in from the get-go.  Recommended.   Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
1400031524|4.0|In most mystery novels, the social order is disturbed when a horrific crime is committed.  The hero/detective uses his superior skills to solve the mystery, catch the criminal and thus restore the social order. One variation on this pattern is when the mystery writer takes the hero/detective out of his element and places him in a strange environment where the system and rules of the game are radically different.  The thrill of this variation is to see the hero's superior insights and skill triumph in a hostile environment.    \\"The Dogs of Riga\\" is a classic example of this variant.  The Iron Curtain is falling and mysterious forces are waging a hidden war to determine Latvia's destiny.  Into this morass, stumbles the stolid Swede from Ystad, Kurt Wallander. He knows nothing of the language, culture or history of Latvia. Nevertheless, the churning undertow of Latvian politics draws Wallander into the fray. The pleasure of this story is to see Kurt Wallander's superior intellect reassert itself in this topsy turvy world.      If you are new to the Kurt Wallander series, this book is not the best place to start.  It is better to have seen him work on his own ground. \\"The Dogs of Riga\\" is not the strongest book in the series but for those of us who love the rumpled detective, this book is a pleasure.
1563899426|4.0|After reading a few reviews of this book, I decided to pick it up on the basis of the fact that it seemed to have been created solely for my enjoyment.  Good art, plus noir story, plus fairy tales equals September's true love.    As you've probably read several times already, this story is about a murder happening amongst fairy tale characters that live in the modern world.  It features the main characters of Snow White and the Wolf.      Is it as good as all the reviews indicate?  Yes, yes, and yes.  It's nice to look at, it's a little bit dark, and a little bit funny.  It read fast, but not TOO quickly, and I liked it enough that I immediately wanted to reach for a sequel.  I read another customer's comment that the Big Bad Wolf comes across as a John Constantine rip-off and that made me giggle, just a little because it's true, but I like John Constantine, and I enjoyed the wolf.    There was a short prose story that was included at the end.  Though I ususally detest such things, I ate it up and wished it had been longer or its own novel.  That is high praise indeed considering I resent prose stories included with graphic novels for the pages they take up.    Why then only four stars then when I'm essentially the target audience for this comic?  Two (and a half) reasons.  One, I guessed the ending which is sad.  See, I can never guess mystery endings.  I always wonder who did it until the very end.  If I'm guessing your ending, your ending was obvious and spelled out from the very beginning.  Perhaps that's what the author intended.  Also, did the ending leave anything changed?  Barely.    Two, the art is not as good as I'd wish.  Of course, my favorite comic book art is in [[ASIN:158240139X Aria Volume 1: The Magic Of Aria]], so considering that, I guess a lot of other art fails.  I know others have lauded the art, and it's good, just not as good as I hoped for.    Either way, I'd recommend this book for 'graphic novel' fans, and I'll be picking up sequels.
086492397X|5.0|This abridged version of the classic Woman in White is extremely well presented. The actors are superb and the background music lends a haunting Victorian atmosphere. The book can get tedious but the audio CD is excellent.
0684833395|5.0|For those who hesitate to read this brilliant novel because of its length or lack of a sensible plot, I would like to direct you to read Chapter 38, titled Kid Sister. If this short chapter gets you to howl in laughter, even while reading in public, then this novel is for you and you will never forget the experience of reading it.
B00006HAZG|5.0|The actors are top notch. Daniel Radcliffe (known to most for Harry Potter) executed an excellent youthful performance of Dicken's favorite character. Emilia Fox did a great job as his wonderful, but unfortunate mother. Maggie Smith was wonderful as Aunt Betsey. Pauline Quirke was very endearing as Peggoty, along with Michael Elphick as Barkis and Ian McNeice as Mr. Dick. Bob Hoskins is now my favorite Macawber! and, Ian McKellen, Trevor Eve and Nicholas Lyndhurst played very well done nasties. This was a great crew of actors. Despite some story editing, this version is the most endearing of all the versions.
0316287059|3.0|I was looking for a book on make up for my wedding. I thought Face Forward would be more practical, but the make up is way too elaborate and fantastical.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|For all the shock over its win, The Lives of Others certainly deserves its Best Foreign Film Oscar. If it doesn't work its way into my favourites the way that Pan's Labyrinth did, it's still one of the best films of 2006, with a more quiet, uneasy power to it.<br /><br />Opening with a literal textbook interrogation that underlines the way that in a police state that is determined \\"To know everything,\\" you simply end up fearing everything and feeling little - even the Stasi keep notes on each other in a society where the wrong question can mark your career before it has even started - its strength often lies in the little practical minutiae of daily life. It's not a film with many big dramatic moments, more an accumulation of detail that draws you into the situation and the characters' lives just as the late Ulrich Mhe's eavesdropper is slowly drawn into the lives of the actress (coveted by a party official using the secret police to clear the way for him) and her playwright lover who believes people can change in a system that believes people never can to fill in the void in his own ordered existence. Thankfully, it's not a humourless film, even if there's a darkness waiting behind the laughs in the canteen scene that only pays off near the end or the brief but brilliant elevator scene that drew almost as big a gasp of horror from the audience as that moment in Hidden/Cache. It also dares to show how, in their different ways, the characters all manage to almost thrive in a repressive regime - especially the favoured but suspected writer who, without socialism to rebel against after the Wall goes down, finds he has nothing to write about.<br /><br />Interesting to note that the three male leads are all played by actors from Costa Gavras' Amen, all looking very different here. It's not too difficult to see how the inevitable Hollywood remake should shake up - Stanley Tucci should be a lock for the lead, Tom Hanks the playwright with Kevin Spacey rounding out the trio as the politically ambitious, morally flexible boss. Somehow I doubt it'll be as quietly moving as this beautifully crafted little gem.
B000QUCNP4|5.0|While \\"Zodiac\\" treads familar territory, with themes that existed in films like \\"Summer of Sam\\" and \\"The Black Dahlia,\\" it succeeds and becomes a much better film than those two for it's sheer filmmaking brilliance. David Fincher is a great director, who's directed audience favorites \\"Se7en\\" and \\"Fight Club\\" but \\"Zodiac\\" is his finest achievement as a director. I had the same first impression with the film that many people had. How can somebody make a compelling film about a case that was never solved? Fincher makes it look easy. This is probably the 2nd best film of 2007 (behind \\"Black Snake Moan\\") and is worthy of Oscar nominations. The film is based on a book by Robert Graysmith, a former cartoonist for the San Francisco Chronicle, who is the main character of the film and is played by Jake Gyllenhaal. Graysmith's book has been blasted for just how accurate it is, but if the fact's are close to what we see in the film...Then this is a very haunting story. The films opens with a young couple being gunned down on the 4th of July and then switches to The San Francisco Chronicle building, where the editor receives a letter from a person claiming to be the killer. Pretty soon, reporter Paul Avery (Robert Downey Jr.) begins writing articles about the killer (who dubs him the Zodiac), while Graysmith grows more-and-more interested in the case. Meanwhile, David Toschi (Mark Ruffalo) investigates the case while obsession slowly grips him. Now, I compared this film to \\"Summer of Sam\\" and \\"The Black Dahlia.\\" I want to add that this film is massively superior to both, but I make the comparion because \\"Summer of Sam\\" is about an actual murderer and the way his murders affected the people living in the same place. \\"The Black Dahlia\\" is about an unsolved murder and deals with the way obsession grips the main characters trying to solve the case. \\"Zodiac\\" would work as a ficitional film, because of how compelling it is. In one scene where Graysmith meets up with a man who he slowly grows to believe may be the Zodiac was one of the most suspenseful scenes I've seen on film recently. As for John Caroll Lynch, who plays the most likely Zodiac suspect (although he was cleared due to handwriting and fingerprint evidence) plays the character perfectly. His final scene in the film is very haunting. The final scene itself is one of the most haunting in the film. Gyllenhaal is terrific as Graysmith, the adult Boy Scout; But it's Downey Jr. that steals the show! It's too bad this film was released so early in the year, because Downey Jr. deserves an Oscar nod for Best Supporting Actor. Avery delivers some of the best one-liners and there's a lot of subtle touches that go hand-in-hand with the character that just make him so great. I'm curious how accurate and factually correct this film is, but that doesn't matter. It's a film that uses a lot of restraint in the blood-and-gore department and is almost Hitchcockian in the way it handles suspense and terror. I loved this movie, it was everything a person could desire from a film. Even with a 2 hour and 40 minute running time, it's always compelling, interesting, and entertaining.    GRADE: A
B000RJO57I|4.0|I thought it was pretty funny- the Danny character was great; but it was too violent at times (even though some of the violent acts were blatantly comical).  I probably missed a lot of the jokes because they were subtle--I think it's one of those movies that would get funnier the more you watch it.<br /><br />\\"It's NOT Judge Judy and executioner!\\"
B000R9J3X4|5.0|Fantastic collection of all my personal favorites over the Years...I wish they would record more often. The remixes are very cool as well....excellent driving music on a recent long trip. Shirly Manson and the Band are my all time favorite. Milk alone stands as the best song they ever recorded and the vocals are haunting. I fell in love with her after that.  Dave
032147404X|1.0|There are some good tips in this book, but only for the beginners, the rest are simply worthless. I have nothing good to write about this book. It is a waste of time/money to read this book. I would not recommend anyone to buy this book.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|I love the depth of this music.  Almost everyone can relate to this music if you drink, smoke, or partake in other.  Everyone that does.  This is a phenomenal record.  Truly powerful, inspiring, moving, and at the end learning to stay and not itch the  pain that needs drowned.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Upon receiving the DVD, I found the package professionally designed. The way the disc was designed to make any song accessible was really well done! All the footage was well enhanced and really allows the viewer see the kind of performance the band gave. In some cases the sound was lower in quality but it was probably because that was all they had to work with; still quite an accomplishment. What I really enjoyed was the extra footage from TV performances the band gave in other countries. They were a rare treat. I'm sure I will enjoy this package for years to come.
0743201140|5.0|This book is a great piece of literature for any book shelf. It identifies what each and every one of our strengths and empowers us with the will to bring it afloat.
B000053VAZ|5.0|I'd forgotten what a great movie this is!  Johnny Depp, Mary Stuart Masterson, and Aidan Quinn are fabulous.  This most untraditional romance will really touch your heart.
B000QXDEDG|3.0|Enjoyed the historical part of this movie and the actors are great.  But it is too bloody for my taste.  However, all wars are bloody.
0440238609|5.0|This trilogy provides a wonderful fantasy adventure escape for readers of all ages.  The characters and worlds are enchanting.  It's a fun, easy read that runs the gammut of emotions and provokes some very deep thought if you let it.  Instant classics!
B00068TJM6|5.0|Its my second Seiko chronograph.  The first Ive had for nearly 15 years and is still on top condition. I love the Flight Chronograph's black dial and the stainless steel bezel.  The bracelet is also SS.  I can wear it with a suit our polo shirt.  Its accurate which helps keep my appointments on schedule.  I only take it off before I go to sleep or shower.  A great improvement over the first Chronograph is its pushbuttons screws that keep moister and water out of the machine.
B000MRA6AK|4.0|Very nice recording. A little bit of high frequency 'hiss' in spots. Overall worth the price.
B000BCE7QU|5.0|I honestly didn't discover Prefab Sprout until 1988 but immediatley fell in love with this album. I had the \\"Two Wheels Good\\" version so, like a lot of American fans here, I do miss the two bonus tracks (the \\"Faron Truckin' Remix\\" was never a big deal to me)and wish they had added them on either to the second disc or, after a brief pause, on the first. Regardless, \\"Steve McQueen\\" sounds extremely good in this reissue with nice detail and warmth in the remastering done by producer Thomas Dolby.<br /><br />We also get the 8 track acoustic album with Paddy playing and singing solo (although he does double track some stuff on here as well). Reportedly this 8 track acoustic disc took more time to record than the original album. If so, it was certainly worth the wait--Paddy's playing and singing of the songs offers a fresh alternative and is as close to the original demos as we'll ever get (he doesn't have a copy of the demos anymore although Thomas Dolby might...mmmm...here's an opportunity for a rarities CD).<br /><br />A terrific album got better although, like a lot of folks, I'm not getting rid of my \\"Two Wheels Good\\" just yet because I want the other songs NOT on this version. Also, the mastering on the previous disc is actually pretty decent with good dynamic range even if it was done at the beginning of the CD era. This remaster is louder than the previous version and, if compressed, most of the dynamic range has been kept intact. Regardless, fans should truly treat themselves to this if nothing else than for the second disc.
B00005JPLW|5.0|Not a real thought provoker, but movies like this definitely have their place.  Very entertaining and full of fun sound bites.
B000OQF6N6|5.0|I like smashing pumpkings very much, if you like them you would like the disc.
B000I5Y8ZU|5.0|this is a really really really amazing cd. this music is not usually what i listen to but i love it so much. My favorite song is \\"I Don't Love You\\" i find myself listening to the song over and over again. It is such an amazing song. Other highlights from this album are: Dead! The Sharpest Lives, House of Wolves, Mama, Teenagers,Disenchanted, and of course Welcome to the Black Parade. This album is definitly worth the money!
B000GFLE1S|5.0|This is a great story....and based on a real situation in England.  It is a feel good movie that makes you laugh along the way.   Great ending.
B00002E233|4.0|After \\"jaws\\" there was long time nothing in cinema in this genre of shark or monster movies with an interesting story and enough suspense.  I am a big fan of Samuel L. Jackson, who is once again outstanding in this movie. I also liked the performance of Thomas Jane, who gave his character enough credibility.  The movie is not 100% realistic, but which one of these movies is?  4 stars for suspense and interesting story.
B00003CWTI|5.0|The reason to watch this movie isn't because it's a remarkable piece of high art (even though it is). The reason to watch this movie is to be uplifted. Years ago, I had seen the movie in the theater. Then I happened upon it again on cable. After experiencing a terrible car accident and some sobering realities of middle age, I saw this movie with new eyes. Magnolia profoundedly reminded me that the achingly painful existence that most of us live on this earth might actually be worthwhile. The characters and their lives are presented unflinchingly, but not without wit and humor. Magnolia is an opera, an epic, a confession, a prayer. Paul Thomas Anderson is an excellent filmmaker and a first-rate dramatist, and his cinematic storytelling most definitely helped uplift me at a troubled time. There might be another purpose for art, but I can't imagine a better one.    * You're on your honor * 'Cause I'm a goner * And you haven't even begun * So do me a favor * If I should waver * Be my savior...
B000M341QE|5.0|I was fascinated by this movie!  I don`t like DiCaprio (will he ever look like he passed puberty?), but I have to recognize that he is an excellent actor, even better was J.Nicholson, who is just brillant as bad guy.  The story is enjoyably unpredictable, so I won`t spoil it by telling too much.  Just get this movie, you will love it!
0452282152|5.0|Tracy Chavalier is a master at having art history come alive and incorporate within it a beautiful story.
B000002IAZ|4.0|One reviewer describes The Buffalo Springfield as \\"a lesser known\\" group from the 1960s. Lesser-knowns do not usually get into the R&R Hall of Fame as this group did in 1997! Anyone who knows anything at all about this quintet is well aware that group member Stephen Sills, after the 1968 break-up of Buffalo Springfield, helped form Crosby, Stills & Nash which, in 1969, had two Top 40 hits. In 1970 they were joined by Neil Young and that year added four more Top 40 hits. After seven years had passed the original trio returned to log six more hits, three of them Top 40, and in 1989 a reunion of the four scored with the minor hit Got It Made. Meanwhile, Jim Messina, who had replaced original Buffalo Springfield member Bruce Palmer after their first two notable albums, along with Richie Furay, helped to form Poco in 1970, a group that registered 13 Top 100 hits from there until late 1989.<br /><br />So The Buffalo Springfield was, in every respect, a highly-influential group which also included Dewey Martin and, in their short time together, contributed five songs to the Billboard Pop Hot 100 for Atlantic Records' Atco subsidiary. The best of which was, of course, their first - For What It's Worth (Stop, Hey What's That Sound?) which reached # 7 in Feb-March 1967 on Atco 6459 b/w Do I Have To Come Right Out And Say It?<br /><br />The rest of their charted output at Atco lingered in the mid- to lower-regions of the Hot 100 or Bubble Under charts; Nowadays Clancy Can't Even Sing - # 110 Hot 100 Bubble Under in August 1966 b/w Go And Say Goodbye on Atco 6428; Bluebird - # 58 in July 1967 on Atco 6499 b/w Mr. Soul; Rock `N' Roll Woman - # 44 in October 1967 on Atco 6519 b/w A Child's Claim To Fame (all their charted sides to this point were written by Sills); Expecting To Fly - # 98 in January 1968 on Atco 6545 b/w Everydays; Uno Mundo - # 105 Hot 100 Bubble Under in May 1968 on Atco 6572 b/w Merry-Go-Round; Special Care - # 107 Hot 100 Bubble Under in September 1968 on Atco 6642 b/w Kind Woman; and On The Way Home (written by Neil Young) - # 82 in October 1968 on Atco 6615 b/w Four Days Gone;<br /><br />All the charted sides mentioned above except Uno Mundo and Special Care are here in this 1990 CD re-issue of the 1969 vinyl LP (Atco SD 33-283) but unfortunately for completist hits collectors, just the three B-sides, Mr. Soul, Go And Say Goodbye, and Kind Woman. One failed single is included - On The Way Home (Atco 6615) in 1968 (the B-side, Four Days Gone, is omitted). Sit Down, I Think I Love You is from the 1966 album \\"Buffalo Springfield\\" (Atco SD3-200), Broken Arrow is from the 1967 album \\"Buffalo Springfield Again\\" (Atco SD33-226), and I Am A Child is from the 1968 album \\"Last Time Around\\" (Atco SD33-256).<br /><br />While there are no complaints with respect to the sound reproduction by Zal Schreiber, it seems to me they could have turned this into THE definitive Buffalo Springfield anthology by following the leads of other distributors who expanded upon 10- to 12-track LPs (e.g., some Elvis Presley, Sarah Vaughan and Donovan LPs) with multiple \\"bonus\\" sides, and insert those missing Bubble Under entries and the various B-sides. Also, an expansion upon the flimsy single page of liner notes written by Ahmet M. Ertegun would have helped. That's the least they could have done for an influential group inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame in 1997.o 6642 b/w Kind Woman; and On The Way Home (written by Neil Young) - # 82 in October 1968 on Atco 6615 b/w Four Days Gone;<br /><br />All the charted sides mentioned above except Uno Mundo and Special Care are here in this 1990 CD re-issue of the 1969 vinyl LP (Atco SD 33-283) but unfortunately for completist hits collectors, just the three B-sides, Mr. Soul, Go And Say Goodbye, and Kind Woman. One failed single is included - On The Way Home (Atco 6615) in 1968 (the B-side, Four Days Gone, is omitted). Sit Down, I Think I Love You is from the 1966 album \\"Buffalo Springfield\\" (Atco SD3-200), Broken Arrow is from the 1967 album \\"Buffalo Springfield Again\\" (Atco SD33-226), and I Am A Child is from the 1968 album \\"Last Time Around\\" (Atco SD33-256).<br /><br />While there are no complaints with respect to the sound reproduction by Zal Schreiber, it seems to me they could have turned this into THE definitive Buffalo Springfield anthology by following the leads of other distributors who expanded upon 10- to 12-track LPs (e.g., some Elvis Presley, Sarah Vaughan and Donovan LPs) with multiple \\"bonus\\" sides, and insert those missing Bubble Under entries and the various B-sides. Also, an expansion upon the flimsy single page of liner notes written by Ahmet M. Ertegun would have helped. That's the least they could have done for an influential group inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame in 1997.
B0009X7664|5.0|As with many other people, I grew up on \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\". I read the book in high school and quickly fell in love with the movie. So needless to say, twenty years later, the movie is still dear to my heart. What I love about this special edition is the wonderful interview with Gregory Peck on the second DVD. It solidified what I had always suspected - that this is one of the classiest people ever to hit Hollywood. Through the eyes of his wife, children, and adoring fans, this documentary allows you to get to know the real Gregory Peck, and I truly lament that the world has lost such a beautiful person. May his wonderful movies keep his memory alive forever.
B000002W3R|5.0|As with many other early CD releases of Elvis Presley material, this one has been re-released with added tracks and, all things considered, that one would seem to be a better buy. Unless, that is, you want a copy of this version of the original RCA Victor vinyl LP AFL1-2428] which contains these 10 cuts:<br /><br />1) Unchained Melody; 2) If You Love Me (Let Me Know); 3) Little Darlin'; 4) He'll Have To Go; 5) Let Me Be There; 6) Way Down; 7) Pledging My Love; 8) Moody Blue; 9) She Thinks I Still Care; 10) It's Easy For You.<br /><br />The title tune, recorded in early February 1976 in the Graceland den, was initially released as a single b/w the George Jones 1962 country smash, She Thinks I Still Care. Backed by J.D. Sumner & The Stamps and Myrna Smith, the A-side made it to # 1 Country/# 2 Adult Contemporary (AC)/# 31 Billboard Pop Hot 100 early in 1977.<br /><br />Tracks 1, 2 and 3, the first done in 1955 by Al Hibbler, Les Baxter, Roy Hamilton, and June Valli, all of whom had hits with it, the second a 1974 hit for Olivia Newton-John, and the other a golden oldie from 1957 by The Gladiolas and The Diamonds, were recorded in April 1977 and featured the back-up voices of The Sweet Inspirations, J.D. Sumner & The Stamps, Kathy Westmoreland, and Sherrill Nielsen.<br /><br />The old Jim Reeves hit from 1960, He'll Have To Go, features the same backing vocals except for The Sweet Inspirations who were replaced by Myrna Smith, and was recorded in October 1976. Track 5 is another 1974 Newton-John hit which he recorded live at the Mid-South Coliseum in Memphis on March 20, 1974 with Sumner and the Stamps, Sweet Inspirations, and Kathy Westmoreland.<br /><br />Way Down and Pledging My Love were recorded in October 1976 with the same back-up as track 4 and released first as a single in June 1977. Representing his last hit single while still alive, the A-side made it to # 1 Country, # 14 AC, and # 18 Hot 100 in August [he died on August 16], while the B-side also went to # 1 Country.<br /><br />Track 10 was written ny Andrew Lloyd Weber and Tim Rice - the same team that composed Jesus Christ Superstar. With the same backing as track 4, Elvis recorded this in October 1976 in Murfeesboro, Tennessee.<br /><br />Truly a historical album in every respect, and although there are no liner notes, they do show the back-up singers for each track.drew Lloyd Weber and Tim Rice - the same team that composed Jesus Christ Superstar. With the same backing as track 4, Elvis recorded this in October 1976 in Murfeesboro, Tennessee.    Truly a historical album in every respect, and although there are no liner notes, they do show the back-up singers for each track.
B000002VCB|4.0|Luis Mejia (son) - Eve has been one of the least regarded TAPP albums, being released after the mildly weak Pyramid and before the super produced The Turn Of A Friendly Card, this album assumes an incredible, amazing musicianship, with a set of conceptual, mellodic, original and experimental compositions ever released by The Alan Parsons Project.<br /><br />Eve has been mainly regarded as a concept album, mainly themes of interpersonal relationships, and all above them: angryness, hate, love, hope, ego, among others. If you take it as a concept album, then its nothing but one of their most emotionally intricate concept album, but taking it by the seriousness and emotional contents in its songs, the light, undertaking ambient assumed of the album, the fine but pure complexity, mixed with Alan Parsons' pop inclinnations, Andrew Powell orchestral dedication, and a set of marvelously mellodic, intricate and slightly experimental set of songs + the diversity among the vocalists and collaborators, then you get one of their greatest and most dedicate albums: Eve. Mainly assuming a very mellodic, versatile and good natured prog and a lightly experimental popcraft, it also contains certain rock moments, mellodical techno arrengements and mellow ballads. It retains a content of mellow, emotional, experimental, orchestral, potent/powerful, beautiful and intricate moods.<br /><br />Within the tracks each of them has their specific sounds and moments, but they all fit in a strongly emotional mood: the first track Lucifer is a well crafted song and one of TAPP most famous instrumental pieces, its the only track to contain intricate and exotic moods. You Lie Down With Dogs is the first song to assume strongly emotional and slightly misogynist themes, but regarding that is kind of a rutine song, focused on a rock/new wave style. I'd Rather Be A Man is alike with the previous track, it contains slightly misogynist themes, but it assumes much more powerful and energetic vocals, it has also some techno arrengements, still its a wonderful song. You Won't Be There is the first emotionally romantic ballad in the album, one of the bests, its a beautiful, mellodic and sentimental song, one of the fewest song to possess Dave Townsend' vocals. Winding Me Up is the second romantic ballad in the album, it starts as if someone is starting up a music box, possessing beautiful, cheerful and enjoyable moods, it has the greatest orchestration in the album. The poppy Damned If I Do is another one among the best songs in the album, having Lenny Zakatek's best vocal performance the song is a mellow, techno emphasized song with certain instrument performance surprises. Don't Hold Back is the first song in the album featuring a female vocalist (Clare Torry), its a fantastic, catchy song with fine, original tunes, while Secret Gardens stays as a simple interlude instrumental. If I Could Change Your Mind is the second and last song in the album featuring a female vocalist (Lesley Duncan), and it stays as a sentimental, melancholic ballad with a piano basis, its sang full of emotion. Track pick: Lucifer, Winding Me Up, Damned If I Do, If I Could Change Your Mind.<br /><br />The only highlight among the artists becomes the first and only two female vocals on only two songs, just because of this is a collectable album. It was also unconventional that the marvelous vocalist Eric Woolfson didn't appeared in any song, although at this time Woolfson commercial voice wasn't yet discovered, and as Alan Parsons' used to say: \\"The reason beacause I don't put Woolfson in many songs is because I usually need the collaboration of real singers; Eric is mainly a professional lawyer, not a singer\\".<br /><br />In conclussion Eve may be regarded as a mediocre 70's album but it still keeps some highlights and some fantastic songs, a beautiful release to collect, but not a must.no arrengements, still its a wonderful song. You Won't Be There is the first emotionally romantic ballad in the album, one of the bests, its a beautiful, mellodic and sentimental song, one of the fewest song to possess Dave Townsend' vocals. Winding Me Up is the second romantic ballad in the album, it starts as if someone is starting up a music box, possessing beautiful, cheerful and enjoyable moods, it has the greatest orchestration in the album. The poppy Damned If I Do is another one among the best songs in the album, having Lenny Zakatek's best vocal performance the song is a mellow, techno emphasized song with certain instrument performance surprises. Don't Hold Back is the first song in the album featuring a female vocalist (Clare Torry), its a fantastic, catchy song with fine, original tunes, while Secret Gardens stays as a simple interlude instrumental. If I Could Change Your Mind is the second and last song in the album featuring a female vocalist (Lesley Duncan), and it stays as a sentimental, melancholic ballad with a piano basis, its sang full of emotion. Track pick: Lucifer, Winding Me Up, Damned If I Do, If I Could Change Your Mind.    The only highlight among the artists becomes the first and only two female vocals on only two songs, just because of this is a collectable album. It was also unconventional that the marvelous vocalist Eric Woolfson didn't appeared in any song, although at this time Woolfson commercial voice wasn't yet discovered, and as Alan Parsons' used to say: \\"The reason beacause I don't put Woolfson in many songs is because I usually need the collaboration of real singers; Eric is mainly a professional lawyer, not a singer\\".    In conclussion Eve may be regarded as a mediocre 70's album but it still keeps some highlights and some fantastic songs, a beautiful release to collect, but not a must.
B00000K2W1|4.0|Actually, this expanded version of a Columbia vinyl LP is better than most of their similar efforts with other artists in that it not only provides some comprehensive liner notes (four pages by Jaan Uhelszki), several nice shots of Janis, and a complete discography of the contents, but it also gives us all but one of the six hit singles she had for the label.<br /><br />That includes the one with Big Brother And The Holding Company [track 1, which reached # 12 Billboard Pop Hot 100 in 1968]. The other two hits with that group - the first version of Down On Me [# 43] and Coo Coo [# 84] - were released in 1968 on the Mainstream label.<br /><br />I agree with other reviewers that, in deciding to re-release this CD with bonus tracks they could have been a bit more generous and added her first solo hit single, Kozmic Blues, which peaked at # 41 in late 1969 backed by The Full Tilt Boogie Band. Its omission is why I deducted one star.<br /><br />The other four are here, however [track 5 - # 1 in March 1971; track 4 - # 42 in June 1971; track 7 - # 78 in September 1971; and the live version of Down On Me [track 6] which topped out at # 91 in July 1972. All four were posthumous hits as she died from a drug overdose on October 4, 1970.<br /><br />As to the other selections: Bye, Bye Baby is taken from the September 1967 Big Brother & The Holding Company LP; Summertime is from the LP Cheap Thrills, released in July 1968; Try (Just A Little Bit Harder) and Maybe both come from the September 1969 LP I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Mama; Move Over and Mercedes Benz first appeared on the January 1971 album Pearl and were later the B-sides to Get It While You Can and Cry Baby respectively; and Ball And Chain, recorded at the Canadian Festival Express in Calgary, Alberta, first appeared on the LP In Concert, released May 1972.<br /><br />Unless you are a confirmed, hard-to-please audiophile the sound reproduction is fine in presenting her raw, growling, emotion-filled vocals which certainly set her apart from all other female singers of that era. Janis was inducted into the R&R Hall of Fame in 1995.singers of that era. Janis was inducted into the R&R Hall of Fame in 1995.
B000002VCT|4.0|Luis Mejia (son) - Released after the strongly critically acclaimed I Robot, Pyramid moves more far out from the concept album, although it keeps certain of its aspects. More notorious became the fact of a much more pop inclinnation, while Tales Of Mystery And Imagination and I Robot both come as beautifully complex, mature concept albums, Pyramid falls more for a consistent popcraft, although it still keeps its musical twists.<br /><br />Pyramid is TAPP third album, where there is much more obvious a pop inclinnation, while in I Robot there are certain light, almost pop songs, Pyramid moves brutally from the first two albums, while not being better than the other two, it still keeps a beautiful and thoughtful composition throughout its songs, still applying a marvelous orchestration that gives a touch of potential to the songs. This album keeps a pop basis, although it still keeps some mixtures like symphonic rock-pop, some orchestrated ballads, a little bit of rock n' roll (seen mainly in One More River), a previously seen futuristic and innovational keyboard usage, and a set of great interlude instrumentals. The whole album assembles some sentimental, melancholic, thematic, thoughtful, intricate and exotic moods.<br /><br />Within the tracks, each of them has a fantastic composition, still they possess less inspiration, but each keep wonderful mellodies and thematic features. This album reflects a consistent start in TAPP society critisizing lyrics also seen in later albums: Voyager starts as an instrumental introduction to What Goes Up, but even though What Goes Up isn't too much of a fantastic song to possess an introduction, Voyager keeps some exotic sounds and literal ambients, later connecting to What Goes Up, the first popcraft based song, it has some awesome, enjoyable mellodies and a beautiful orchestral interlude. The Eagle Will Rise Again is mainly regarded as a love song, but even though its the second best song in the album, its full of emotions and wonderful, dramatic mellodies, it has a simply crafted but intricate instrumentation. One More River is the most rock-like song in the album, one of the first one in their career, is still an enjoyable song with an incredible vocal feature, later going to Can't Take It With You, which is a song with original tunes but it sounds a little bit dull, plus the singer's emotion in his lines is nothing but depressing. In The Laps Of The Gods is the most focused instrumental song in the album, having a potent and fierceful instrumentation and some chilly choires, is one of their bests. Pyramania is maybe the most famous song in the album, even constantly played live, although it may sound as a silly composition, its still a great song with some of their most memorable tunes and funny, uncommon and freaky moods, later going to the fantastic Hyper-Gamma Spaces, a futuristic, innovational instrumental with some of the earliest techno programmings among music, seen better before in I Robot. Finally, Shadows Of A Lonely Man is the best song in the whole album, at least in my opinion, is a dramatic, sentimental ballad with a thoughtful orchestration. Track pick: The Eagle Will Rise Again, In The Lap Of The Gods, Shadow Of A Lonely Man.<br /><br />Among the artists Alan Parsons production went a lot weaker, but still focused; Andrew Powell arrengements went fantastic again. The album features The Zombies' Colin Blunstone, which it would start a long time collaboration in TAPP.<br /><br />In conclussion Pyramid is the start of a focused popcraft and less conceptual, complex music but still is a great album, very enjoyable and with beautiful mellodies.ic mellodies, it has a simply crafted but intricate instrumentation. One More River is the most rock-like song in the album, one of the first one in their career, is still an enjoyable song with an incredible vocal feature, later going to Can't Take It With You, which is a song with original tunes but it sounds a little bit dull, plus the singer's emotion in his lines is nothing but depressing. In The Laps Of The Gods is the most focused instrumental song in the album, having a potent and fierceful instrumentation and some chilly choires, is one of their bests. Pyramania is maybe the most famous song in the album, even constantly played live, although it may sound as a silly composition, its still a great song with some of their most memorable tunes and funny, uncommon and freaky moods, later going to the fantastic Hyper-Gamma Spaces, a futuristic, innovational instrumental with some of the earliest techno programmings among music, seen better before in I Robot. Finally, Shadows Of A Lonely Man is the best song in the whole album, at least in my opinion, is a dramatic, sentimental ballad with a thoughtful orchestration. Track pick: The Eagle Will Rise Again, In The Lap Of The Gods, Shadow Of A Lonely Man.    Among the artists Alan Parsons production went a lot weaker, but still focused; Andrew Powell arrengements went fantastic again. The album features The Zombies' Colin Blunstone, which it would start a long time collaboration in TAPP.    In conclussion Pyramid is the start of a focused popcraft and less conceptual, complex music but still is a great album, very enjoyable and with beautiful mellodies.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|I'm a fan of science fiction films, but I'd be the first to admit that the genre is deservedly under-represented on most \\"best films of the decade\\" lists. Does Serenity belong on those lists? Not if you think great film is always high art. But Serenity does what too few Great Films get around to doing - it tells an exciting and interesting story, it builds suspense, it makes you care about the characters, it leaves you drained and satisfied at the end. If Serenity isn't Great Art, it is superlative entertainment.<br /><br />The dialogue isn't great art. It is, however, witty, brisk, and effective. The acting isn't brilliant, but the actors enjoy what they're doing and imbue their characters with believable humanity in over-the-top unbelievable situations. The special effects are good, but they don't overshaddow the actors and they aren't the point of the film. The story is the point, and the story is a very, very good one. And it's told very, very well.<br /><br />The movie begins with a computer simulation/recreation of a brother's attempt to save his sister from some seriously bad government bad guys. We understand almost immediately that these two siblings are devoted to each other. When the computer recreation ends we meet the film's chief bad guy. Within minutes we realize that this is one of those really scary villains, the kind who knows that what he does is bad but believes he's doing it for the very best cause. He's not a casual killer, but he can easily kill anyone, any number of anyones, for the sake of his cause. That sense of ultimate virtue drives him until the final minutes of the film.<br /><br />The film is space opera. A brave but damaged spaceship captain and his daring but badly flawed crew have taken in the siblings and flee with them across the galaxy as they try to stay out of harm's way. Death and ruin follow wherever they go. Will they prevail in the end and strike a blow against the interstellar government? Of course they will. We know that from the beginning. It's a testament to the creative skill of the director and writer that we know that and are kept at the edges of our seats anyway. This is space opera as it should be, sci fi at its very best. It's a morality play with none of the philosophical, moral, or artistic pretentiousness that afflict most sci fi that tries to be Art. It's a great way to spend a rainy afternoon. And it's a fitting continuation of the grossly underrated TV series that spawned it, Firefly.<br /><br />This collector's edition has some entertaining features that weren't included in the original DVD release of the film. I enjoyed watching it at a friend's house, but I won't replace my own copy until I upgrade my DVD player. It isn't worth it to me to spend $17 for the extra features. Given the choice between the collector's edition and the regular edition, though, the price differential would make this edition worth buying to me.  If you don't own this movie and you like DVD extras, this is the edition to buy. If you don't own this movie and you like sci fi, what are you waiting for? Buy this movie, any edition. If you don't like sci fi but you like a good story, take a gamble - there's a good chance you'll like this movie. A good story transcends genre, and this is a good story.'s a testament to the creative skill of the director and writer that we know that and are kept at the edges of our seats anyway. This is space opera as it should be, sci fi at its very best. It's a morality play with none of the philosophical, moral, or artistic pretentiousness that afflict most sci fi that tries to be Art. It's a great way to spend a rainy afternoon. And it's a fitting continuation of the grossly underrated TV series that spawned it, Firefly.    This collector's edition has some entertaining features that weren't included in the original DVD release of the film. I enjoyed watching it at a friend's house, but I won't replace my own copy until I upgrade my DVD player. It isn't worth it to me to spend $17 for the extra features. Given the choice between the collector's edition and the regular edition, though, the price differential would make this edition worth buying to me.  If you don't own this movie and you like DVD extras, this is the edition to buy. If you don't own this movie and you like sci fi, what are you waiting for? Buy this movie, any edition. If you don't like sci fi but you like a good story, take a gamble - there's a good chance you'll like this movie. A good story transcends genre, and this is a good story.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|This is by far one of the better seasons.  A great beginning before the writers got a little crazy with the \\"sometimes not so intelligent\\" dialogue towards the end of the series!  Some really touching scenes between Lorelai and her Mom and between Lorelai and Rory.  I can watch this over & over again!!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|And Fox cancelled it.  It really makes you wonder.  I understand the business aspect - perhaps the ratings weren't high or they were hoping for better sponsors by plugging in a hot new reality show...    Whatever.  The only downside to watching this is the last bit of the last episode when you realize, much to your dismay, that it is over.  There is no more.
0743554450|5.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns is not an easy book to read (or in the case of the audiobook, listen to). I say this not because of the prose--indeed, Hosseini's prose is tremendous, catching furtive glances, capturing deep emotions, describing environs with lush detail, cataloging events--but because the lives of the two women, Mariam and Laila, are so hard and marked by tragedy, violence, and heartache. Hosseini makes you care about his characters so deeply that each disappointment, each harsh and hateful word hurled at them and every vengeful fist that lands a punch on their broken and abused bodies makes an impact upon the reader as well. 'Suns' illustrates humankind's capacity to commit acts of great evil, but also shines with the resiliency of the human spirit and the heart's ability to love against all odds and to sacrifice everything. I think you'd have to have a heart of stone to not be moved by this novel.    Atossa Leoni was a good choice for the narrator in that she is able to pronounce all of the words and place names I would surely have stumbled over had I read the book myself. Though her accent lends a certain air of authenticity to the storytelling, at times I found her voice too soft to follow without straining to hear and some words difficult to distinguish through the accent.
B000Q6GXW2|4.0|Since here in Mexico HD format is difficult and expensive to get i decided to get this movie from amazon.Though not an outstanding film, 300 delivers a visual feast of coolness and beauty. Some may argue that everything is CG, so what! Nowadays i'd consider CGI a form of new art. This is the kind of movie to have and see in HD. The extras are okay, they give you a broader picture of the production and a little bit of facts and legend about the spartans, pretty cool! There's also a strategy game where you play the role of Leonidas. Just a couple of drawbacks (no big deal, though), first there's a \\"behind the scenes\\" section, but it is in 6X motion! bad idea... you can't see a thing and it has an annoying background song; second, the double format, i don't like double sided cd's since you have to be two times more careful with them.
B000007363|5.0|My previous review of this album was positive, but critical of a few songs. Still, I've listened to this quite a lot between when I wrote that and right now, and I've realized that it's a high point, not just for the group but for alternative rock in general. In fact, it's the second-best album of the late-'90s (a period I feel was rather artistically bankrupt with a few noteable exceptions) - the best is OK Computer, which may give you some sort of an idea of how good this band is.<br />This is also easily the best of Radiohead's \\"normal\\" albums, and I think it's amazing how the group managed to give this one an accessible sound and not compromise a bit of creativity or distinctiveness. Very few bands can do that, you know, and Radiohead is certainly among them. Contained on this disc are some of the group's heaviest rockers (Just, a deserved hit single; the title track, which I'll discuss in-depth shortly afterwards; the Creep/Heart Shaped Box - at least I think that guitar riff in the chorus was inspired by Heart Shaped Box - parody My Iron Lung; Sulk, the only bit of Pablo Honey-esque unironic faux-grunge, and even then it's got an awesome guitar solo) contrasted with some wonderful softer material (catchy but dark hit single High and Dry; Fake Plastic Trees, both depressing and gorgeous - I'll discuss that one more later, too - the haunting, eerie Street Spirit (Fade Out); Planet Telex, reminiscent of Pink Floyd; Bullet Proof.. I Wish I Was, which is ethereal). And even the weaker tracks have memorable moments, be it a well-placed guitar solo on Bones; interesting lyrics on Nice Dream; or solid vocals on Black Star. There's not a bad song on this album, in fact. And there are several underrated ones, including one I think is so good I'll give it an entire paragraph of discussion.<br />That song is the title track. You don't hear much about it, but it's my favorite song on this album, other than Fake Plastic Trees. For one, it has my favorite riff in Radiohead history - three guitars mean they rock three times harder than Led Zeppelin on full-on guitar-army mode, which makes sense because Radiohead is at LEAST three times the band Led Zeppelin was. The four-part arrangement gets me every time: you've got the loud, distorted riff part, the quiet introspective part, the full-on rock part, and (coolest of all) the percussion-and-vocals backdrop. The lyrics aren't much other than Alienation 101, but they're originally delivered and sung with conviction. Top-notched.<br />And Fake Plastic Trees is even better. That is a BEAUTIFUL song. Now contrasted against the dark anti-corporate lyrics, I'm sure the beauty was meant to be ironic. Even so, I gotta give them points for original use of irony. Most groups would have probably given it a happy bouncy arrangement, but Radiohead goes somewhere totally different with it. And while Radiohead mostly aim their music at the brain and not the heart, this song moves me deeply. Especially the part when the full band kicks in and Thom sings, \\"She looks like the real thing... she tastes like the rea-heal thing... my fake pla-HAAAA-stic love... But I can't help the feeling... I could burst through the cei-heiling if I just TURN and run\\", and then the band suddenly returns the song to its hushed, reverent atmosphere and Thom almost whispers \\"It wears me out...\\" Gives me the chills every time.<br />All told, the Bends isn't quite as good as the next release, OK Computer, but that's by no fault of its own: OK Computer is easily one of the ten best rock albums ever made. This is still wonderful, highly recommended music.- three guitars mean they rock three times harder than Led Zeppelin on full-on guitar-army mode, which makes sense because Radiohead is at LEAST three times the band Led Zeppelin was. The four-part arrangement gets me every time: you've got the loud, distorted riff part, the quiet introspective part, the full-on rock part, and (coolest of all) the percussion-and-vocals backdrop. The lyrics aren't much other than Alienation 101, but they're originally delivered and sung with conviction. Top-notched.  And Fake Plastic Trees is even better. That is a BEAUTIFUL song. Now contrasted against the dark anti-corporate lyrics, I'm sure the beauty was meant to be ironic. Even so, I gotta give them points for original use of irony. Most groups would have probably given it a happy bouncy arrangement, but Radiohead goes somewhere totally different with it. And while Radiohead mostly aim their music at the brain and not the heart, this song moves me deeply. Especially the part when the full band kicks in and Thom sings, \\"She looks like the real thing... she tastes like the rea-heal thing... my fake pla-HAAAA-stic love... But I can't help the feeling... I could burst through the cei-heiling if I just TURN and run\\", and then the band suddenly returns the song to its hushed, reverent atmosphere and Thom almost whispers \\"It wears me out...\\" Gives me the chills every time.   All told, the Bends isn't quite as good as the next release, OK Computer, but that's by no fault of its own: OK Computer is easily one of the ten best rock albums ever made. This is still wonderful, highly recommended music.
B000LC55F2|5.0|Two men start out as friends, but that soon move to rivalry after the death of one magician's wife in a trick gone wrong.  One is good at thinking up tricks.  One is good at the showmanship.  The first man has good tricks, but it lousy at presenting it to dazzle people.  The other man is sexy, handsome and has elan of a master showman, but doesn't have the know it all to make up tricks, so he works with Michael Cane's character.    The rival get more and more obsessive, going to new and more dangerous levels, until someone has to get hurt.    Well, thought out.  Super acting.  Caught it on dish, but will buy this one.
B000F6YPXM|5.0|This is a hell of an album, even if the self-titled one is my favorite VU album - that's only because there's nothing as bad as European Son on that. In my eyes, that's the only thing that keeps VU & Nico from being what Mohammed Ali might call the \\"G.O.A.A.T.\\" if he was a rock critic rather than a self-mythologizing boxer. Seriously - there are seven amazing songs on this thing, three pretty good ones, and one horrendous one. The horrendous tune I speak of is the infamous European Son, sort of like a Sister Ray, Sr. But while Sister Ray was such a horrendous parody of a song that it ended up being a magnificent experience (seriously, it's so bad I absolutely love it), European Son is just humiliating. Now the lyrics are cool, but when you get past those, it's just a headache. So, now let's forget that ever existed and go with the ten good tracks. For all this record's reputation of being tremendously weird, there are also quite a few excellent pop songs on this album: the seemingly dreamy but truly paranoid Sunday Morning; Femme Fatale, a lovely, mellow folk song sung by Nico; I'll Be Your Mirror, a great slice of pop sung again by Nico (by the way, I really like her voice, even though it gets criticized a lot), and the tough garage-rocker There She Goes Again. All of these songs are melodic and simply good enough to have become major hits at the time if the Velvet Underground weren't, well... underground and either ignored or detested by everybody. Okay, maybe not There She Goes Again, because it's secretly about a hooker and I'm not sure what the record buying public would've thought of that in 1967 (nobody would care about it now, of course). Then there's, you know, the WEIRD stuff, the stuff that puts a lot of people off about this album. I'm Waiting for the Man has a brilliantly simple three-chord riff that is used throughout the song - I don't think there's even an instrumental break there. Generally I don't think the Velvets were the original punk band, since they very rarely played it fast and hard, and no punk would've recorded something anywhere near Sister Ray. But I do think that I'm Waiting for the Man had an influence on the genre. By the way, the song rocks, a \\"sick and dirty\\" (to quote the song itself) track about getting some smack from the dealer, something Lou Reed knew a lot about at the time. I also suspect the chilling, controversial masterpiece Heroin was written from personal experience, an experience I have yet to have - thankfully, too, if that song is really an indication as to how heroin use feels. Great use of dynamics, great steadily building arrangement, and the ending is fabulous - John Cale (another VU member who gets put down unfairly) goes INSANE on his droning, atonal, screechy viola, Mo Tucker pounds the hell out of her drums, Lou Reed sneers brilliantly phrased lyrics about what happens \\"when the smack begins to flow\\", and him and Sterling Morrison play that haunting, bizarre riff at light speed - then it all slows down again and fades into There She Goes Again. Experimental songwriting doesn't get much better than that. Another one of the best experimental tracks, and a VU favorite of mine, is the infamous Venus in Furs. I'm not into S&M (if you are, hey... whatever), but I love this one, mainly because of the atmosphere. The beats were what I based my review title off of, if you were wondering: I'd love to hear some rapper sample them and come off with a summer smash as a result. Hey, I might actually ENJOY a song like that, unlike the summer rap smashes of the past four years. And Lou Reed's gravelly, unpredictable vocals (which I love) are best heard there: there's some sneering, some drawling, some half-talking, and just a bit of conventional singing all found on that one. A member of the group (I can't remember who - I believe it was either Reed or Cale) claimed the reason the song was so controversial was more because of its arrangement than its lyrics - I believe they submitted atape of it to many record companies, who rejected it because they didn't like its foreboding atmosphere. But what did those morons expect, a pretty, melodic song about gettin' kinky? So anyway, another song I really like here is All Tomorrow's Parties. This is a controversial track even for the Velvet Underground, but I like it a lot: Nico's vocals are powerful, and the jangly, oddly tuned guitars sound great. It takes a bit of getting used to, though. And as far as sheer weirdness goes, it's hard to beat The Black Angel's Death Song. Reed intoning bizarre, violent, pitch-black lyrics and Cale playing a viola that sounds like a rusty swing set. A lot of people - even some who like the album - simply hate the song, and while I see where they're coming from, I enjoy it a lot. It somehow achieves the impossible and manages to be both less listenable and better than European Son. The feedback-drenched proto-punk rocker Run, Run, Run is primitive as all hell, sounding like a demonic Motown song. It's a throwaway, but in the positive sense: its half-finished atmosphere adds a lot of charm. Oh, and the deliberately awful guitar solos are good for a laugh. This is a fascinating album, the kind of thing that mixes high and low art: you can't tell me basing a riff on a single chord and communicating it as a hard rocker rather than classical music wasn't downright avant-garde at the time; nor can you tell me Heroin is anything but a rock band's take on free jazz. This is experimental, well-written, uniuqe and eclectic. What's not to like? Other than European Son, I mean.tape of it to many record companies, who rejected it because they didn't like its foreboding atmosphere. But what did those morons expect, a pretty, melodic song about gettin' kinky? So anyway, another song I really like here is All Tomorrow's Parties. This is a controversial track even for the Velvet Underground, but I like it a lot: Nico's vocals are powerful, and the jangly, oddly tuned guitars sound great. It takes a bit of getting used to, though. And as far as sheer weirdness goes, it's hard to beat The Black Angel's Death Song. Reed intoning bizarre, violent, pitch-black lyrics and Cale playing a viola that sounds like a rusty swing set. A lot of people - even some who like the album - simply hate the song, and while I see where they're coming from, I enjoy it a lot. It somehow achieves the impossible and manages to be both less listenable and better than European Son. The feedback-drenched proto-punk rocker Run, Run, Run is primitive as all hell, sounding like a demonic Motown song. It's a throwaway, but in the positive sense: its half-finished atmosphere adds a lot of charm. Oh, and the deliberately awful guitar solos are good for a laugh. This is a fascinating album, the kind of thing that mixes high and low art: you can't tell me basing a riff on a single chord and communicating it as a hard rocker rather than classical music wasn't downright avant-garde at the time; nor can you tell me Heroin is anything but a rock band's take on free jazz. This is experimental, well-written, uniuqe and eclectic. What's not to like? Other than European Son, I mean.
B0002Z0EYK|4.0|I put off watching this fill because Pitt just was so miscast.  I think he really tried in the role, and he obviously buffed up for it, but it was still a detractor for me.  Even so, I really enjoyed the film.  Nice fight scenes.  Great to see Legendary Peter O'Toole in a nice smaller role.    So really enjoyed, though it just missed for me.
B000P0J024|5.0|You cant keep a good thing down.  These guys are pushing on (Roy pushed off unfortunely) but they can still rock your world.  Watch the DVD just to see how these guys work, they make it look easy.  Every song is a gem.
B00092ZL80|5.0|Loved this video and music.  It was a great ride into old skool days!
B0000C9ZBW|5.0|Good Watch, looks good very slim and light. For someone who does not want to shell out a boat-load of $'s while still have good looking european watch. Granted you can get a Timex for cheaper but nothing comparable in looks and design to a Timex. It is a starting point towards the Swiss watches - Omega's, Rolex's,     For those who like who have the dough get a Seamaster ot submariner ;)
0061122416|4.0|I thought \\"The Alchemist\\" was a wonderful story and I especially enjoyed the shepherd boy and his search for the treasure. The story was charming, with enough adventure to keep my interest. Some of the characters are a little weak, but overall the story was well written and I would gladly recommend it to all my friends.
B00005JLIU|5.0|This movie is so entertaining.  It is great to watch a terrific movie  where there is just fun!
B000E41MS6|5.0|I loved this series...packaging was great...Seemed like background sound over powered the voices...but I don't care because I love these actors..
074356619X|4.0|The power or law of attraction is not a new idea, but few of us take it to heart. I didn't run out to buy this book or even see the movie (which i haven't yet), I thought it would be a bunch of fluff and information I already knew. I was wrong in most respects. A lot of it I 'was' already acquainted with but the well organized chapters and amount of information that The Secret provides about the power each of us have in our own lives and how we can all attract what we want into our lives, made a lasting impression. And I'm glad I bought the audio book, I listen to several chapters daily to stay grounded and focused on creating the life I want to live.
B0007TKNL0|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorites. Everything about it is first class -- Music, sets, costumes.  The story is beautiful. Gerard Butler was a splendid choice for the role of the Phantom, Emmy Rossum (both beautiful and a superb singer), multi-talented Patrick Wilson, to name a few of the many stars.  They all contributed to a memorable film.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Fabulous photography and fascinating narration - well worth purchasing - we greatly enjoyed this series...
B0001I55NS|5.0|This movie has something for everyone -- history, time travel, romance, action, etc. The plot has a unique twist, and the cast does a great job.  It's nice to see Billy Connolly and Gerry Butler together again (Mrs. Brown), and I loved hearing them speak in their Scottish accents, rather than having them try to speak like Americans! I highly recommend this movie.
B000OONTFU|5.0|I like the movies, and seeing them with such this piture quality is a blast !!
0151003084|5.0|as expected, this was a sickly-sweet, twisted little gem - i wish there could be more!
1594489505|5.0|This book is along the same lines as \\"The Kite Runner\\" by the same author.  I LOVED both of these books.  I kept thinking about what was happening in this country (USA) during the same time frame.  Amazing description of the culture and insight into the mind of women in a Muslim country.  I didn't want to put the book down!  ...if you like this book you'll love \\"The Kite Runner\\" too!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|If you enjoy the discovery channel and learning about our natural world, you will definitely love Planet Earth.  This DVD is both visually stunning and very well narrated.  Whether you simply enjoy learning or would like to pass this knowledge on to your children or students, this DVD satisfies both.
B000BFH2S2|5.0|This CD/DVD is excellent. It is a DVD of his PBS special. Very entertaining and very well done. One of his best.
B00000JTB2|4.0|If you are like most Stevie Ray Vaughan fans, you seek anything he ever recorded - which puts this item in the \\"must have\\" category for SRV fans. If you are not particularly a SRV fan, this album might not convert you as well as others. Stevie assumes a secondary position to Albert King here, complementing King's work without showing him up or overpowering him. I enjoyed the album greatly, but must admit to being a fan of both these artists, so I tried to temper my rating with the knowledge that better albums exist for the casual listener of either King or Vaughan.    Stevie Ray recorded some of the best rockin' rhythm and blues of all time, along with his band Double Trouble. And Albert King is well known as a true blues master. So I urge you to not limit yourself to this one sample - although quite tasty.
B000MCH5P4|1.0|I don't know how this movie got such great reviews.  At the end, I was left thinking, \\"Wha-a-a-t????\\"  I'm throwing it in the trash.
B00000JNNY|5.0|I'm sure you've heard her biggest hit - \\"At Last\\" which is included here, but the variety of styles featured on the balance of this excellent album is quite surprising. A truly gifted soul shouter, blues queen and balladeer. If you appreciate fine female singers - you'll love this.
0385338902|5.0|In the same style as the Book of Joe and Plan B, Jonathan Tropper gives us a realistic, warming tale of life being turned upside down and the journey to get life back again. *****. Cant wait for the next Tropper tale.
0143038419|5.0|The item arrived quickly and in mint condition. The book is FANTASTIC - it really gets you thinking about your own life... and how nice it would be to take a year to follow your passion... but unfortunately Reality kicks back in rather quickly. Great read, highly recommend - particularly for book clubs! Enjoy!!
031286504X|4.0|This book was a new way to look at vampires.  It was very well written and I thought the concept was great.  What a great ending!  :)
0634060384|5.0|I've heard a lot of jazz players complain about the \\"legal\\" edition of the Real Book. It is missing a handful of tunes and some say the changes are \\"wrong\\" on a lot of tunes. Others say that the changes for those tunes are \\"wrong\\" in the old 5th Edition and the 6th Edition is a timely, welcome correction. Perhaps it would be more accurate on both ends to say that the changes in the two versions of the books are different; Any melody note works with any cord, just functioning as different upper extension. Some options are simply tastier than others. If you don't like the changes, pencil in something different. In any case, now that you don't have to deal with black market production to get the thing, it's only around twenty bucks.     What you should really do is get your hands on at least a dozen different fake books, compare changes on all the different tunes and memorize them. When was the last time you went to hear one of your jazz heros in concert and saw them flop a Real Book down on the stand? It doesn't happen and I'll tell you why: Time spent with your nose in a music stand is time not spent zoning in on the bass player's right hand and the groove swinging on the ride; you can't really put it in the pocket unless your paying close attention, watching and listening to the band.     This book is a good resource for initially learning tunes, but let's get on with it and learn the tunes so we can leave the books home. The magic happens when everyone hears it and feels it together. No fake book will help you with that, no matter what edition it is.
0380778556|5.0|This was the first book I've ever read by Daphne Du Maurier and I really enjoyed it.  I have since read My Cousin Rachel and enjoyed that one just as much.  The element of suspense in her novels is so captivating you won't want to put it down.  This novel contains all the elements of surprise needed to keep you on the edge of your seat until the very last page.  You won't believe the outcome!  Enjoy it!
B000QUCNOK|5.0|I read the book and am stunned by the author's ability to create 18th Century France in all its details. In fact, the writing is so descriptive and evocative I was skeptical of anyone's attempt to transfer that magic to the screen. I am happy to report that Tom Tykwer does the book justice. The opening screen (Grenouille's birth) is splendid and as repulsive as I remember the book to be. The cast is first class. Ben Whishaw, to some, may come across as somewhat bland. Actually, he is playing the character exactly how the author intended: enigmatic, creepy, and missing more than just his personal scent. Whishaw is more attractive than the Grenouille I imagined. I expected short, stocky and ugly. Rickman, Hurd-Wood, and Hoffman are excellent and will not disappoint. The story is marvelous: a blend of realism, fantasy, and allegory. The ending is truly magical. It didn't make it big in the U.S. because it's not the kind of easy entertainment American audiences feed on. I'll take this kind of movie over Spiderman any day. [[ASIN:0375725849 Perfume: The Story of a Murderer]]
B000RL4GS4|5.0|Yes, they sound just like AC/DC minus 20 years. But these guys just do it better, louder and faster.
0761145613|5.0|We first bought ths calendar for work for a vacation calendar (we have a small office).  It was so handy that I bought one for home and now it's a ncessity. Everything is very easy to see quickly and scheduling is a breeze!
1400064287|5.0|This is the best book about communications I have ever read. Excelent case studies make it a page turner. I highly recommend it and purchased several copies for our staff.
B00005RHGL|5.0|The ensemble cast was impeccable.  Val Kilmer did an outstanding job as Doc and should have at least received an Oscar nomination.  Excellent western drama for anyone who enjoys the old time westerns.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|My wife loves this film and watches it over and over again. But if you can stand the wait you may want to hold off purchasing this movie until the Pride and Prejudice 2-disc Deluxe Gift Set is released on November 13, 2007. (Sources: DVD Times and DVD Active)<br /><br />Further Details:<br />Universal Studios Home Video have announced the Region 1 DVD release of Pride and Prejudice (Deluxe Gift Set) on 13th November 2007 priced at $39.98 SRP.<br /><br />This two-disc set will also include the Original Soundtrack CD and a Collectible Book.<br /><br />Disc 1: Widescreen Main Feature<br /><br />2.35:1 Anamorphic Widescreen<br />English, French and Spanish DD5.1 Surround<br />English SDH, French and Spanish subtitles<br />Audio Commentary with Direcor Joe Wright<br />Conversations with the Cast<br />Jane Austen, Ahead of Her Time<br />A Bennet Family Portrait<br />HBO First Look: Pride & Prejudice<br /><br />Disc 2: Full Frame Main Feature<br /><br />1.33:1 Full Frame<br />English, French and Spanish DD5.1 Surround<br />English SDH, French and Spanish subtitles<br />Audio Commentary with Director Joe Wright<br />The Politics of Dating<br />The Stately Homes of Pride & Prejudice<br />Galleries of the 19th Century<br />Pride & Prejudice Family Tree<br /><br />Please note that the \\"new\\" extra features that appear in this box set are actually the same as those found on the UK Region 2 DVD release.
0385493622|4.0|Simon Singh makes difficult topics readable, although not necessarily totally understandable. This comment applies to Fermat's Enigma. The bulk of the book concerns the history of number theory and here it is truly outstanding. The description of the final solution was Jabberwocky to me.
B000OYC3J8|4.0|Although I've been finding the more recent White Stripes albums to be slightly less likable than the rawer, louder sound of past releases White Blood Cells and Elephant, I still am definitely a fan of Icky Thump. On this album, Jack and Meg delve into an even wider variety of musical styles than usual, including everything from blues and folk tunes to Spanish-sounding and somewhat old-fashioned sounding heavier songs such as the title track, which is one of the most commendable pieces on the album with an accordingly thumping beat, Jack speaking mostly monotone rhyming phrases in the background, and a noisy chorus with some sort of noise in the background that almost sounds like electronic bagpipes. My favorite song on Icky Thump is the hit You Don't Know What Love Is, which has a very catchy chord progression and equally catchy lyrics. Other interesting songs include the strange track St. Andrew (This Battle Is in the Air), which features Meg speaking phrases overtop of a rambunctious mix of instrumental noises. The only things I would critique about this album is that it doesn't contain any jams as enjoyably heavy as some of my past favorite White Stripes songs \\"Fell In Love with a Girl\\" and \\"Blue Orchid\\"; I would like if the White Stripes decided to make their next album as heavy as they used to sound since I believe that was when they had hit their forte. I also didn't intensely enjoy the strange monologues between Jack and Meg in the background of the song Rag and Bone, but the song is still likable. Overall I'd give Icky Thump four stars, and will continue to keep my eye out for future White Stripes releases in hopes of finding continuously good-sounding music.
1594489505|5.0|This book was a true treasure to read.  I enjoyed it immensely and look forward to other books by this author.  The Kite Runner was excellent but this one surpassed that even.
B000FFJYCU|5.0|This is old and it is amazing they got the shots they got using real shots, not CG.  The dialog is corny in today's world, but it still is the perfect racing movie.  Turn up the volume and listen to the engines if nothing else.  Most amazing was that Jim Garner did his own driving!!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This series in simply put - amazing! These guys worked really hard to bring us footage of nature that the majority of us would never ever see for ourselves. I could have done with out the male polar bear \\"indirectly\\" dying (he tried so hard). =)
B000ASDFJU|3.0|Product is good, but can get it cheaper elsewhere.  I returned it and bought it at a big discount store.  This is one of the few times I didn't get a better deal at Amazon.
B0009WFFS6|5.0|Cream was my favorite band in high school and this production tells me why. Enough said.  Love those guys, love their music. Bless them for getting together again.  I treasure this DVD set.
1594489505|5.0|a must read. haunting story, beautifully written--I finished it a week ago and still can't stop thinking about it. loved it!!!!!
B00004Y6O9|5.0|I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY VAN HALEN CD. THE SOUND QUALITY IS GREAT! I ORDERED THE CD FOR MY BIRTHDAY & IT SURE BROUGHT MEMORIES OF SOME AWESOME TEENAGE YEARS! ENJOY!  DEENA KENDRICK
B000LE1GVW|2.0|I liked New Shoes and then I heard Last Request.  Wow, nice voice, I thought.  What does this guy look like?  Hm, so young and already has a great voice.  He's going places.  So, I bought this album.  The first song starts....   What!  Where's that great voice in Last Request? I'm disappointed. Don't get me wrong, he's good, but the rest of the songs are just a bit too raw for me.  Wish I had listened to cuts here first.
B000H5V8DG|5.0|I was impressed how quick the order came, and I am glued to the TV whenever I have the opportunity to watch this arrival.  It is mind boggling and wonder why I didn't place this order before.
B000AL730O|4.0|this is mccartney's best cd since off the ground in my opinion.i hated driving rain and run devil run and flaming pie was awful.this is probably his best cd since tug of war.and that came out in 1982!this cd really grows on you the more you listen to it.it isnt catchy at first but the more you listen the more you love it which is always the sign of a great cd.most people on here said they like jenny wren.that is one of the few songs i don't like on here.mccartney's voice sounds awful on that song.i like every song on this cd except jenny wren in fact.the standouts are promise to you girl,friends to go,how kind of you,this never happened before and of course fine line.if mccartney had added some rockers to this album it might have made it a 5 star album.the album is all mellow songs.but they are good songs.except for jenny wren.oh and whoever directed the video for fine line did an awful job.that is one of the worst editing jobs i have ever seen.the screen changes picture every 1 seccond.enough to make you sick and dizzy.i sure hope mccartney gets someone else to direct his music videos than whoever directed that one.
B000P2A256|5.0|Loved this follow up album I bought SAJ after really liking a majority of the songs. Their follow up has really impressed me and I really feel this band is going places! I highly recommend this album and feel you will not be disappointed it will be money well spent!
B000002UW1|5.0|This album defined alternative music before the term became diluted and meaningless.  Great lyrics and great melodies mean that twenty years later, this album is now officially a classic, and you will continue to reach for it long after you tire of the rest of your collection.    For those of us who were teenagers when this came out, it will bring back memories of how good music used to be, before the industry became a near monopoly and bands were assembled from random parts.
1594489505|5.0|Much as in THE KITE RUNNER, A THOUSAND SPLENDID SUNS occasionally suffers from some fairly \\"high-schoolish\\" prose and sometimes the plot twists stretch my willingness to suspend disbelief.  (Stretch...not break.)  KITE RUNNER has one gigantic leap like this in its final third, and so does A THOUSAND SPLENDID SUNS.    I mention these items right up front, because the amount of praise I'd want to heap on this book overall so overwhelms any criticism, I want to make sure everyone understands that Hosseini is not the greatest writer ever.  He is, however, a fervent storyteller and deeply immersed in the societies and characters he explores.  There is no doubting his commitment to telling a great story and drawing you in.  His work is very cinematic (I mean that as a good thing here) because it constantly hurtles forward.  The plot moves briskly, but the growth of the characters is just as snappy.    In my adult life, I find that I don't have as much time as I'd like to read for pleasure.  Often, my reading comes in bed at night, and I fall asleep much sooner than I'd like.  Once in awhile, when on an airplane, I'll get to read a bit more...but even then, I drift off or get distracted.  Well, this summer, I was on a 4 hour flight, and I read more than half this book in that one sitting, never once tempted to set it aside and rest my eyes.  It just blazed ahead and I was fully immersed.    Hosseini revisits familiar territory (Afghanistan) but where KITE RUNNER focused on a primarily male experience, and also spent a lot of time in the United States...SUN stays almost entirely in this beleaguered nation, and is viewed through the eyes of two very different and VERY fascinating women.  The turns that their lives take are Hosseini's way not only of showing the social evolution (and de-evolution) over the last few decades in Afghanistan, but the political and religious upheavals as well.  In the hands of a less-skilled storyteller, it would seem like a dusty and not very clever device.  (\\"Oh look, now that the communists have taken over, let's send one of the characters to a communist run school so we can hear how the Russians did things.\\")  And while intellectually I understand that this is basically what the author is doing...his pacing, his beautifully imagined characters and his obvious love for the nation make the narrative, the \\"fiction\\", so very compelling.      The book is full of death and sadness.  Many events occur which are horrific and not the least bit pleasant for the reader.  Yet in the end, it is an amazingly uplifting book.  A \\"happy\\" ending?   I supposed it kinda is...but it is really bittersweet.  I closed the book, grateful to have read it...and the best sign of all...wishing I could follow the characters some more.      I highly recommend the book, despite the flaws.  Also, I think the book could be read and enjoyed by a teen audience as well...much like KITE RUNNER, I believe it could be an important and inspiring book for young people.  It would warrant a PG-13 rating, for sure...but the mildly scandalous moments are more than made up by so many uplifting, informative or transporting passages.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie- you should! It's very funny, and it's my favorite of the \\"National Lampoons\\". You'll really enjoy it.
0451196716|5.0|A bunch of guys start walking. If they stop walking, they are killed.  If they wander from the path, they are killed.  In the end, there can only be one winner.  And what does winning do to the soul of that lone survivor?    That's it.  It is the simplest premise, yet Stephen King explored every possible psychological angle to the story, peopled it with a huge variety of competitors and beautifully imagined the pain of the walk, the stress and especially the fragile bonds that grow between competitors...bonds that WILL and MUST be broken by death.    It's a brief book, and could easily be read in a long afternoon.  It is also impossible to put down.  It's very old now, and some references and mentions of technology show those seams...but it is gripping.  Occasionally funny...often bleak.  It shows Stephen King's skills at dialogue at their best, and also his ability riff on mundane details until they are infused with meaning.    This book cries out to be a movie...but I'd sure hate to see it done poorly.  Over the years, I have read this several times.  It just cries out to be dusted off and re-enjoyed.    King has written what I consider a number of masterpieces (and these \\"materpieces\\" vary from reader to reader.  THE STAND, THE SHINING, DESPARATION and to some extent, THE DARK TOWER are my gold standards).  But this modest book, which doesn't even bear King's name, always sneaks in there for me.  An unexpected jewel.    DON'T OVERLOOK IT!
B0009IOR6Q|5.0|I'm a Johnny Depp fan and I love this movie. The entire cast does a really good job. The play is coming to San Diego later this year so I'm excited to see how it compares. If you're a Johnny fan like me then you need to get this movie
B0008JIJ2E|5.0|I loved this movie when I was a little kid and even after watching it after all this time it's still awesome.  You're still rooting for Daniel to win and kick [...] and he does it!  I ran around the house for days (when I was younger) doing the crane after first watching the movie.  It's just classic.
B00005R8FI|4.0|A friend and I did the long drive to the Grand Canyon to tackle a Rim to Rim to Rim hike, bringing several CD's with us for the drive. Listening to this (yea, we're both over 50) brought us back in time with smiles and vibes. We were cruisin' in a Porsche, but we fell way back into time to our VW Bus and the days of truly great music, of which this album was a great part of. Cruisin' Music Deluxe!
B0009I7NNA|2.0|It sounds like they got one of the kids from \\"High School Musical\\" to fill in on lead vocals on this CD and it really gets on your nerves over time.  I give it 2 stars just because the guitar work is pretty good.  Otherwise, don't bother.
B000IMUYJM|4.0|I read about this film for about a year before i was convinced to purchase it..u know all the hype and i hate disappointment. I watch this movie at least once a  week and i still get a creepy feeling(especially on Christmas Eve while playing Santa for the kids. NOT TO BE MISSED! Dont cheat urself and watch the remake first IT SUCKS!!!
B000BHHVPO|5.0|Live 8 recopila lo mejor de lo que fue uno de los gestos m&aacute;s importantes que aunque no logr&oacute; captar la atenci&oacute;n de los 8 que tienen el poder del mundo, es un gesto noble de todos aquellos que estuvieron involucrados.<br /><br />Las presentaciones de cada unos de los artitas fueron formidables... Principalemente la de R.E.M.
B000QXDEDG|4.0|Very entertaining movie. Lots of action. It made me look for the actual historic fact.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I can't believe how much I LOVE this show.I tell everyone I know,they have to watch! It' worth it to get Showtime channel, just for this show.I'm so looking forward to the new season,can't wait to see what happens next. Never expected to Love a serial Killer!!He is such a great character,actor is great.
0385340540|4.0|I had an urge last week to read a story by John Grisham and The Broker was my selection. Before that I had read \\"The Summons\\"(It was a fair read). I don't read his novels in sequences which fortunately for someone like me there is no need, because each of Mr. Grisham's books will stand on their own. I thought The Broker was an easy read that was very entertaining.  There was a lot of intrigue woven into a fast moving plot. I thought the class room instructions on the topography of Italy and the language was a bit too much. Actually, this part of the book got really boring. The main character, Joel Backman gave me fits. I never was really sure if he was decent sort of a fellow or just a down right crook. I could never get the feeling that I should root for him or just hope for his quick exit from the story. In summary, there were parts of the story that I didn't care for, but overall I thought it was real decent book that I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to all my friends.    Another Mystery that is written in a highly effective and uncluttered fashion is [[ASIN:1419660500 The Monopoly Factor]] by Robert L. Saunders. This story of corporate, deceit, murder, and greed shows the author's abilities to plot a legal drama that is full of meat. It's a warm, but awesome story that you can't help but cheer on Barry Foreman, his brother Noah, and Susan as they try to stay one step ahead of the evil Carl Rudd. I am enthralled with Saunders' story telling abilities. Check it out you won't be disappointed. Have a good day!.
0887081770|1.0|I thought I was getting a full-sized book, but instead I received this teeny-tiny mini book that is so small I don't see what the purpose of having it is.  I don't remember seeing anywhere that the book would be 2 \\" X 3\\" - so just a warning to anyone who thinks they are ordering a normal book.
B0002Y69NG|5.0|For any true Matix fan this is a must. The only thing better is the HD version of this.
1582701709|5.0|I saw the movie 9 times...this is fabulous. The book on tape, the book, the movie..they all help change your life, to a more prosperous, happy, uplifting place, full of bliss! Be careful what you think..thoughts become things!Think good ones!
B00006CXSS|5.0|By far this is the greatest WWII Movie/Series ever made. Thank you Tom Hanks and Steven Spielburg.
B000ROALCG|5.0|WOW BRAVO MARC!!!  THIS IS YOUR BEST ALBUM!!!  WOW HECTOR WOULD BE PROUD OF THIS CD!!!
B000000OSG|5.0|Like I said for its sister album Use Your Illusion I, this is a brilliant record. Don't miss out on it no matter what you like listening too. The Use Your Illusions Records are classics no cd collection should be without.
B00008WT5E|4.0|Before going any further, I must say for the record, that this is my favorite Bon Scott-era AC/DC album. And I'll tell you why right now: it was the first one I got, and therefore, it was my introduction to Bon. From that perspective, no other record could ever have that impact on me. See, I was born into the Brian Johnson-era AC/DC (being born in '78), and therefore, as far as I was concerned, Brian Johnson was THE voice of AC/DC. Hearing \\"You Shook Me All Night Long\\" on the radio is one of my earliest memories.<br /><br />For years, I didn't know that AC/DC had ever had ANOTHER singer, and for me it was difficult to imagine someone other than Brian fronting the band and singing those songs. That changed with the release of \\"Live\\" in '92, where I finally got my chance to hear some of the Bon-era songs. \\"Dirty Deeds...\\" soon became one of my favorites. And so my interest was peaked.<br /><br />It might seem odd, then, that I'd choose to start my exploring of that era with the one record that yields the least songs to the band's set list, seldom performed and rarely mentioned, even by devoted fans. But the truth is that it was pure luck: that was the only Bon-era CD that was available at the store that day (believe it or not, \\"Highway to Hell\\" wasn't there...Heretics!!!).<br /><br />So I picked it up, not knowing what to expect. What I got was a 40 minute roller coaster ride that changed my life...Really! Say what you will about the songs not being as strong as in other releases (more on that later...), the production, blah, blah, blah. But once Bon starts singing...boy, he could really make you feel those lyrics! I had never heard anyone sing with such conviction before in my life, and I never have since. \\"R n' R Damnation\\" opens the album in a slower pace than I'd have expected, but nevertheless, its rollicking groove really gets you going, I tell ya. \\"Down Payment Blues\\" is just pure genius: the lyrics are simply hilarious, and yet they pack a huge punch; it is one thing to write and sing about life on the streets and what not (any geezer with a lyric sheet in front of him can do it...), but it is a WHOLE `nother thing to sing convincingly about it, to make you feel that those lyrics come from somebody who's \\"been there\\". And just when you might start wondering why they called this a blues, comes the ending... it is an awesome track!<br /><br />Next is \\"Gimme a Bullet\\", which again, sounds so honest, so real, that it gives me goose bumps to this day! Listen to it, and then tell me if you can't relate...if you can't...oh well...\\"Riff Raff\\" is more the kind of song I was expecting: fast, furious, aggressive and downright nasty; \\"Sin City\\" is another one of those \\"truer than truth\\" tales from Bon, and you can really hear that he means every word that he sings...the track is powerful too from the musical point of view, with a sophisticated arrangement, different from the expected.<br /><br />Then comes the crown jewel of the album, the hidden treasure: \\"What's next to the Moon\\", a story about a relationship gone sour told the way that only Bon could; again, while profoundly sarcastic, the song really rings true `cause we've all been there. This is not only my favorite track of the album, but also one of my favorite AC/DC songs altogether, and I'd give anything in this world to hear it live someday, somehow.<br /><br />Many critics (including the one who reviewed this on All Music Guide) consider the last 3 tracks to be \\"filler\\". I beg to differ: are they as strong as the previous tracks? Maybe not, but that doesn't mean that they are \\"filler\\". Filler for me means songs that are not as good as they could be IN and BY themselves, not in comparison to other songs. That is why I don't think that the slower, groovy, change of pace of \\"Gone Shooting\\" falls in that category: I think that it is a great track that is exactly where it should be within the record, changing the pace after a succession of faster songs.<br /><br />\\"Up to my neck in you\\" picks up the pace again, and it has a simple, catchy melody that is a joy to sing along to; and last but certainly not least, closing \\"Kicked in the Teeth\\" is a blast, fast and pounding rocker to close the album with a high octane note, perfectly exploiting Bon's flair for story telling, and a little reminiscent of \\"Whole Lotta Rosie\\".<br /><br />All in all, this is an awesome record that follows the standard AC/DC formula (up to that point) of mostly great songs + a few lesser known tracks = Great Album. (By the way, my actual rating would be 4  stars, but since I can't put that...) Sure, it is not regarded in the same light as \\"Let There Be Rock\\", let alone \\"Highway to Hell\\", but I truly believe that \\"Powerage\\" is a hidden treasure for any and all rock fans wishing to enjoy good, rocking music. Of course, if you're an AC/DC diehard, you already know this, but if you're a newcomer, just let me finish by saying this much: this is the album that got me hooked on Bon Scott's era. Try it, you won't be disappointed.mple, catchy melody that is a joy to sing along to; and last but certainly not least, closing \\"Kicked in the Teeth\\" is a blast, fast and pounding rocker to close the album with a high octane note, perfectly exploiting Bon's flair for story telling, and a little reminiscent of \\"Whole Lotta Rosie\\".    All in all, this is an awesome record that follows the standard AC/DC formula (up to that point) of mostly great songs + a few lesser known tracks = Great Album. (By the way, my actual rating would be 4  stars, but since I can't put that...) Sure, it is not regarded in the same light as \\"Let There Be Rock\\", let alone \\"Highway to Hell\\", but I truly believe that \\"Powerage\\" is a hidden treasure for any and all rock fans wishing to enjoy good, rocking music. Of course, if you're an AC/DC diehard, you already know this, but if you're a newcomer, just let me finish by saying this much: this is the album that got me hooked on Bon Scott's era. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Really nice CD with  good example of music styles popular during the depression era.  If you enjoyed the music in the movie you will enjoy this CD.
0393324818|4.0|How did Billy Beane consistently win 101 games a year with a payroll 1/2 that of the Red Sox and 1/3 that of the Yankees?  It couldn't all be luck.  According to Moneyball, it wasn't.    While it is a must-read for baseball fans, non-baseball fans will enjoy this well-written David over Goliath tale as well.
0143038419|2.0|I don't typically read books about someone's spiritual journey, but this one intrigued me. I love books about travel, and thought that she would have something interesting to say about the places on her journey. Well, I was wrong. The little she said about the places she was in were trite. Italy is filled with wonders, and all she could talk about was what she ate, and who she fell in love with and oh yeah, her divorce.  She constantly repeated her personal problems until I just didn't care anymore. I skimmed passed her comments about what she ate, who she met, what she did with her friends, and her day to day life in the Ashram.  Not something I'd recommend to anyone, tho I know there are people who got something out of this book. Happy for them.<br /><br />I am not sure why I ended up finishing this book. Near the beginning she makes a big deal of the fact that she was able to stop anti depressant medication. Not only is it dangerous to suggest that people do this cold turkey, but her attitude was that you were lesser than she was for not. Glad she could do that, but guess what, those meds saved my life. Many people cannot function without them.  For someone fighting depression herself, she had no right to tell other people how they should handle this disease. I hope no one takes her up on this.
1594200823|5.0|All in all, a fascinating expose into American agribusiness.  Good insight into the workings of Midwest corn-farming, big business organic, and small farm beyond-organic.  You will be amazed by how dependent our government and economy (and not just our agricultural industry) are upon cheap corn.    One note - this book focuses more on production of veggies than meat.  If it is meat you are interested in, read, believe it or not, Fast Food Nation.
0800141660|4.0|I love this type of movie and thought it was done very well.  I didn't like Hugh Grants acting but everyone elses I loved.
1591840562|5.0|This book was so easy to read, and just made sense.  If you looking to start anything in life that you have not done before, read this book, it will help a lot.
1594489505|5.0|Read Khaled Hosseini, he is a remarkable author.  This is a lovely, yet tragic story of life from the woman's point of view in Kabul.  Beautifully written, Hosseini is a favorite author on my list.
B000002LIR|5.0|While this collection does a really magnificent job collecting all of Rod Stewart's major radio hits, the fact remains that Rod's solo career was pretty consistent in the early days, which means this 4-disc set isn't able to capture every single one of his best songs.  However, looking at the set as strictly a hits collection, it doesn't get any better than this.  After the 80's I stopped paying attention to what he was doing in the music scene, and thankfully this collection stops after the 80's.  In the early days (in the late 60's) he was really pumping out wonderful songs with Jeff Beck and the Faces.      However, focusing entirely on his solo career, I'd say the first five studio albums are really excellent and you really need to buy those if you want to hear a man who had an amazingly talented music career.  After hearing the first five albums, you might not be so interested in wanting to purchase this 4-disc box set.
1594489505|5.0|This is rhe story of an Afganistany woman trying to survive in a changing society  within  a confining abusive marriage;of a frindship that blssoms within this most restrictive environment and, the transformation which occurs as the result of this friendship. The characters soar despite the horror, in spite of the horror of their lives. I loved The Kite Runner but may have loved this book even more.
B000024D4R|5.0|Although I have been a big Pink Floyd fan since the 70s, when I was a teenager, I didn't pay much attention to Animals until now.  20 years have gone by since I last listened to it - but now it has finally made its mark.  Maybe the time was right, or enough time had elapsed, but now I can see that this album may be better, or at least as good as the other classics such as Dark Side or Wish You Were Here.  Some very good reviews have been posted here about the guitar work and the lyrics, both of which are superb.  To a fifteen-year old, the lyrics are cool, but to a 40-year old, the lyrics are brilliant - simplicity combined with profundity.  Regarding the guitars, the three long tracks allow David to really punch home the emotions.  I used to think that the Pigs on the Wing Pt. 1 and 2 were kind of useless, but now I see that the album needs the bookends to complete the thought process.  We are led through Roger's (or Orwell's) mind, and come around at the end to a somewhat optimistic view of things.  I wish The Wall had a better ending, since I tend to be optimistic about the world in general. I used to think that the Sex Pistols were making a statement in the 70s, but that sort of rebellion only lasts a short time because the music sucks.  With good music, powerful thoughts can have staying power.  I don't tend to agree with the harshness of Animals, but can see that with deep reflection, our society can move in a forward direction.  And, hopefully, Roger intended for some of us to learn from his words, and not just get worked up into a frenzy of rebellion.
0143038419|4.0|Good writing style, with a touch of humor and a good hard look at her emotions.  Entertaining and helpful in my growth & search.
6300213501|4.0|At its worst, this episode is a parody of every bad Star Trek ever made. Kirk, Uhura, Chekov are spirited away to a planet run by aliens who enslave humanoids and make them engage in gladatorial combat. It's a bad situation except that Kirk gets to seduce his super-cute drill instructor (Anjelique Pettyjohn). She wears a silver bikini and has greenish-blonde hair. As much as any other episode, this one enhances Kirks reputation for seducing \\"alien babe forms.\\"<br /><br />Acting logically, Spock tracks down Kirk and company. The science isn't great... there's some nonsense about an \\"ion trail\\"... but Spock pursuing his course of action in absence of alternatives shows his persistence and cool-headedness. Naturally, McCoy tells him he's a green-blooded fool the whole time.<br /><br />But wait. It gets better. Having Uhura participate in an episode about slavery, though perhaps rather obvious, hits some emotional buttons. Another slave is brought out for punishment and Uhura is supposed to use him for target practice. The slave is a very African-looking black man. Uhura refuses, and Kirk tries to help her, ultimately taking the punishment himself. This was surely a powerful statement in the 1960's.<br /><br />The best scene is when Kirk finally confronts the super-advanced aliens in charge. Actually they are a trio of talking brains who sit around below the planet surface. In some ways it's silly: the brains are colored red, green, and yellow, matching the collars on the slaves they own. But when Kirk turns the tables by making them a wager they can't refuse, it's good psychology. You see, these brains have developed to the point they no longer need bodies, and they are so bored that they have nothing to do all day but wager on humanoid fights -- much like the humans who bet on dog fights today.<br /><br />The \\"Kirk in love\\" stuff is better than usual. Quite smooth is the scene in which he tells Ms. Pettyjohn she's beautiful and she asks \\"What is 'beautiful'?\\" He holds a reflecting pan to her face and says \\"THAT is beautiful.\\" Slick move, Kirk. The acting and writing of that moment are actually rather nice.d says \\"THAT is beautiful.\\" Slick move, Kirk. The acting and writing of that moment are actually rather nice.
0061119725|5.0|The From Head to Toe Big Book by Eric Carle I ordered through Amazon.com arrived in record time.  The  Large colorful hard back book is beautiful and I am sure it will be enjoyed for years to come. We are replacing  some very favorite books distroyed in Hurricane Katrina for a pre-school in Long Beach, Ms. I was so excited to send this on.  We will be ordering many more books.  Francy Bull  Rotary Club of Inyokern Ca.[[ASIN:0694013013 From Head to Toe Board Book]]
B0000DBJDM|5.0|Just amazing, don't even think twice for buying it , if u dont own one, but it now.
B00005JKGZ|4.0|Basically this film shows us roughly one year in the life of a Saint Louis family in the opening decade of the twentieth-century, with everything culminating in the commencement of the 1904 World's Fair in their hometown. It's all in all a cute movie, especially the charming Halloween segment, but I can't begin to say how much Judy Garland's singing grated on my nerves. Yes, I know, this cultural icon has a deep, loyal fan base and I'll get slammed for this, but I seriously think her singing was the worst part of this movie. When she was acting she was all right, but every time she'd open her mouth to sing, I'd hit fast forward. I wish they'd put out a special edition DVD that was minus the songs. Yes, I'm being serious, and, no, I don't hate musicals in general. Speaking of DVD extras, unless you're a true fan of the cast or this movie itself, mostly you can skip watching them.
B00005MP58|5.0|I have always loved this book now I own the movie series. Fantastic movie and very easy to follow. I highly recommend this product to everyone!
B000KKPN5C|4.0|I am a newbie to the field of digital SLR photography, having shot with a point-and-click all my life.   When I bought a new Nikon D40X, I wanted to get an external flash to extend the camera capabilities. This flash is simple enough to get me started on some basic flash experimentation. But it also promises to deliver as I increase my own expertise.
B000FA57US|1.0|Ahhhh...Halloween.  I can remember when the sheer mention of the movie's title would make me uneasy.  The flickering (and quite sick) jack-o-lantern that stared back at me from the opening titles of the 1978 classic.  The eerie music that almost drove me insane with fright as a child.  The memories of Michal Myers slowly stalking his victims like a hungry animal.  The way the storyline was genuine and kept its audience interested.  Yes...I remember, but memories are all that is left of this once fine classic.<br /><br />We have here the fifth \\"Halloween\\" installment.  We have a herd of annoying teenagers that are just set up to die.  A Michael Myers mask that doesn't even come close to the original (come to think of it, the mask seems to change with every sequel, man...they can`t even get that right).  A snob of a director trying to duplicate John Carpenter's style (and failing miserably).  An entire formula that has been xeroxed again and again.  A script that should have been nominated for an Oscar (sarcasm).  The entire film is just hilarious.  In fact...I have had more fun sitting down and reading the negative reviews here on Amazon than actually watching the movie!<br /><br />It seems that every year, right around Halloween, the USA channel shows this film as part of its festive, late night entertainment.  This is what my friends & I have longed referred to as comedy night, we all sit through this turkey and laugh to our hearts content.<br /><br />Seriously, this is one of the lamest attempts at horror in cinematic history so keep those negative reviews coming!
B00005JPQR|3.0|This is a fun film -- long on action and short on plot.  The cinematography was terrible and the camera work borders on amateurish.  This is the third in the series of Bourne films and the plot in each one gets thinner and thinner and more and more unbelievable.  We are expected to believe that Bourne can move about the world using various passports and no disguises as he passes through one airport after another.  The UK in particular has cameras everywhere and software capable of identifying people even in disguise.  But this movie is really a fantasy only loosely based on the books so these factual problems can be overlooked.  The movie -- like its predecessors follows morally corrupt psychopaths who seem to constitute the leadership of the CIA as they once again attempt to eliminate Bourne.  On the positive side this is a fun film and the action is non-stop -- not up to the Bruce Willis standard of violence and action but certainly a contender.  The car chases and crashes --- which are used in lieu of plot and character -- are spectacular and exceed those in the earlier films.  However, the extremely poor camera work and editing spoils these with the too close shots, too rapid cuts, and jerky movements.  I gave this film three stars because I enjoyed it but it isn't a great film and certainly isn't as good as the first one.  If you really just want a testosterone rush this is the one for you.  This is a good end to the series but it does leave the story open for a fourth visitation from the CIA's nemesis -- Bourne.  A fun film but there isn't much here and as I said the cinematography and film editing really detract from the film.  But it does get your adrenalin and testosterone flowing.
B00000IL1K|5.0|This is my favorite album of Sarah's I own them all and this is the most relaxing of them all. She has captured her own style of singing. Sarah is very unique and individual,there are few aritists that have such a wide range of variety, from rap, rock, opera, pop-opera, classic, broadway, the list goes on and on. She also sings the songs in different laguages......this is so romantic. \\"Il Mio Cuore Va (My Heart Will Go On, From 'Titanic')is so beautiful and is a favorite next would be \\"Nesson Dorma\\". This album is really her most relaxing, to me anyways. I also love the concert DVD, I would buy the two have a glass of red wine and enjoy.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|I recently saw Michael in concert and was so impressed with his skills that I bought the CD.  He reminds me of the old greats, but has his own special style.  The CD is wonderful and very good to the ear!
B0000AUHPG|5.0|Together with \\"Once upon a Time in America\\" this is to be considered the best tribute Sergio Leone could pay to the United States in its growth to become the power it is now by means of a film. I always loved western films (since black and white, I'm 61).I think that our Italian Director gave a deep psychological view of all the characters and I put at the top of the list a very bad Henry Fonda - especially thinking that he seldom played negative roles (Grape of Wrath, perheaps).<br />  The music of Ennio Morricone is something sublime and I really don't understand why he never won an Oscar in his outstanding career as a composer.<br />  As for the book prefaces it is highly recommended to view in anticipation the DVD with Documentary and Interviews.<br />  Fulvio Arman, Italy
B000NVIXDW|4.0|The songs that I like the most are 'Everything', 'Lost', and 'I'm Your Man'.  This CD however is not as good as his previous CD 'Its Time'.
B00006878K|5.0|Born Under a Bad Sign marked the history of the blues. This reissue is essential for blues lovers.
0142000671|5.0|If you read some of Steinbeck's work, you will soon discover that he has some wonderful short stories, i.e.: his writing is much more extensive than a few good novels. The present work is somewhere in between a short story and a novel: it is a novella about 120 pages in length.<br /><br />John Steinbeck (1902 - 1968) was among the best known American writers of the 20th century. His 1939 Pulitzer Prize winning novel, \\"Grapes of Wrath,\\" has over ten million copies in print. Steinbeck was born in rural California, went to Stanford, and spent most of his life in California. He has been associated with the plight of farm workers and others. His books have been very popular and many were made into movies and stage productions. He won an Academy Award nomination for best story in 1944.<br /><br />I have read a number of his novels and am still surprised with the quality of his short stories, which are exceptional. In general, his stories are very detailed and descriptive, and it is clear that he had a natural flair or gift for writing. The present work is good and rates among the best, but do not stop with the present work since he has many more.<br /><br />The story dates from 1937 and is about two migrant farm workers, George and Lennie, who have the goal of working together to save to buy there own small farm.  The title is taken from Robert Burns's famous poem, To a Mouse: \\"The best-laid plans of mice and men go oft awry (or astray).\\"<br /><br />The short story describes a few days in their lives as they work on a farm and it describes what can \\"go astray\\" in their plans. Will their hard work be for naught or will they reach their dreams? The story is made complicated by Lennie's slight mental disability. Many of the other characters are equally flawed, but in different ways, and when brought together the result is an interesting story.<br /><br />This is a quick short read and an excellent introduction to Steinbeck.
B000002ADT|5.0|Its not necessarily to talk about Miles Davis sound. This is one of the most influential record of all time.
B000P0J024|5.0|I've always liked the Wilburys and this is the ultimate. The DVD with the history of the band is great!
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|The movie, like the series, has a gemlike quality - polished and perfect. It's almost alarming to see the extended scenes and realize how much worse they are. The final versions are a real tribute to the power of judicious editing. And I would buy the entire series all over again if Nathan did the commentaries.
B00007AJGH|5.0|My kids grew up with Roger, now I've got it for the grandkids. I still kie Roger too.
1594489505|5.0|It is even better than The Kite Runner. Such a moving story. The author writes from his heart.
0060599847|5.0|I keep this on the top of my pile to listen in the car as I drive thru life.<br />Inspiring and uplifting!
B00000AFDW|3.0|\\"and the if-Green-Day-can-do-it-why-not-us acoustic surprise, \\"We Are One.\\"<br /><br /> Why on Earth would you compare Kiss with Green Day? These four guys had it down before Green Day was even a wet stain on the map 35 years ago, there is absolutely no comparison because Green Day are a PUNK BAND.
074356619X|2.0|Did not like this one very much, too much like devil worship, [as in wanting things] did not like.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|This is the film which set the high bar of standards for all other animated films to try to meet. After Disney's success with 1989's \\"The Little Mermaid\\", the studio was quickly on the road to recovery after a dismal record of not-so-great productions (anyone remember \\"The Black Cauldron\\"?). Then came the masterpiece: \\"Beauty and the Beast\\", a handsomely detailed film that's satisfying on all levels of story, animation and music.   How good is it? It's the only animated film (so far) to have received an Oscar nomination for Best Picture, so you know that this film lives up to all the hype surrounding it.   This quaint period story begins with Belle, a young woman in a close-minded French town whose people label her \\"odd\\" and \\"loony\\" for spending her time reading books. Constantly pursued by a swaggering, loutish, narcisstic brute named Gaston to marry him, Belle finds shelter within the pages of her books, expanding her knowledge and imagination. But her life changes forever when her eccentric inventor-father stumbles upon a dark castle while lost in the woods. There, he encounters the hideous, frightening Beast, who imprisons him for trespassing. Belle agrees to remain as a \\"guest\\" at the castle in exchange for her father's freedom. As the narrator tells us at the beginning of the film, the Beast was once a handsome prince whose uncaring vanity forced a sorceress to place a powerful curse upon him and his castle, which can only be broken by true love. And there begins the heart of the story, as Belle attempts to reveal the \\"beauty\\" within the Beast and forge love & understanding between them (which, of course, turns out to be not-so-easy!).   Robby Benson & Mary Kay Bergman voice the title characters (who would've guessed such a soft-spoken actor as Benson would possess such a powerful lower register?). The supporting cast includes a wide assortment of talking, dancing & singing household items (the Prince's servants transformed under the curse), brought to life bysuch wonderfully diverse voice talents as Angela Lansbury (Miss Potts), the late Jerry Orbach (Lumiere), and David Odgen Stiers (Cogsworth).   The songwriting team of Ashman & Menken compose a musical score for a Disney film that's the most memorable ever. I dare you not to tap your foot while hearing such tunes as \\"Be Our Guest\\" or fall under the spell of the title song.   And the film helped launch Disney into sort of a \\"renaissance\\" period as they followed with one great film after another: \\"Aladdin\\", \\"The Lion King\\", \\"Pocahontas\\", \\"The Hunchback of Notre Dame\\", \\"Hercules\\", \\"Mulan\\" and \\"Tarzan\\".   Sometimes haunting, sometimes frightening, and often joyous in its imagery & storytelling, \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" is Disney at its peak of perfection. No Disney collection would be complete without it!
B000JBWWQ0|4.0|I like the story very much.  If I hadn't read the book first might have not watched the hole movie. I felt the movie was a little vague in developing the story. It moved a little fast and would be easy to miss what was happing. I did like it.  I am goimg to watch it again.  The message is uplifting for a change.
B000002H6C|5.0|\\"Master of Puppets\\" and this album show Metallica at their true creative peak. Some songs on \\"Justice\\" are as elaborate and complicated as anything by King Crimson or Yes, and hit like a sledgehammer to boot.    Unfortunately, \\"Justice\\" is the worst-sounding, worst produced record in Metallica's catalog. The strange thing is, their sharpest sounding record, in my opinion, was right before this: \\"The $9.98 CD - Garage Days Re-Revisited.\\" And that was self-produced by the band.    Why in the world has this album not been re-mastered? Put the band politics aside and fix this already. Not only does the original recording completely bury Jason Newsted's bass lines, but it smothers what is essentially Lars Ulrich's finest hour on drums. This could easily be an album like Rush's \\"Moving Pictures\\" where you can just listen to the drums with your jaw on the floor.    I still give \\"Justice\\" five stars because the songs are amazing, but with some re-mastering, it would be a musical monument.
B00005JLEU|5.0|This is a beautiful animated film which I saw many years ago when it was shown in a local theater.  It is a children's film (best for older ones) but I thoroughly enjoyed it then and am happy to have a copy to see again.  The animation is lovely.  I am sending a copy to one of my grandsons who now likes Japanese animation films and wants to see this one again.
B00000724P|5.0|\\"Master of Puppets\\" and this album show Metallica at their true creative peak. Some songs on \\"Justice\\" are as elaborate and complicated as anything by King Crimson or Yes, and hit like a sledgehammer to boot.    Unfortunately, \\"Justice\\" is the worst-sounding, worst produced record in Metallica's catalog. The strange thing is, their sharpest sounding record, in my opinion, was right before this: \\"The $9.98 CD - Garage Days Re-Revisited.\\" And that was self-produced by the band.    Why in the world has this album not been re-mastered? Put the band politics aside and fix this already. Not only does the original recording completely bury Jason Newsted's bass lines, but it smothers what is essentially Lars Ulrich's finest hour on drums. This could easily be an album like Rush's \\"Moving Pictures\\" where you can just listen to the drums with your jaw on the floor.    I still give \\"Justice\\" five stars because the songs are amazing, but with some re-mastering, it would be a musical monument.     The import includes \\"The Prince\\" which was a B-side to the \\"Harvester of Sorrow\\" single in 1988.
B0000C9V3T|4.0|This is very much a modern day samurai/kung fu/spaghetti western style movie.  Check out the music, much of it taken directly from the fore mentioned kung fu genre and the spaghetti westerns.  It's epic.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|I loved the series. I just cant wait till I get the second season and I cant wait till they air the third. I think everyone who doesnt know the series should get started.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|The photography and narration of this series on the planet is really something to behold.  You can watch this over and over again and see something different each time.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|I don't usually enjoy having to read movie subtitles - concerned I may be missing subtle visual clues.  Fortunately, there was ample time to read and look at the actors.  I couldn't figure out where the storyline was going early on.  I kept watching and I was rewarded!!  One could almost see the changes taking place in the minds of the main characters - the policeman listening into the lives of a writer and his girlfriend, an actress, via bugging devices throughout the apartment. The torment of being forced to choose between one's integrity or submitting to behaviors just to keep one's job or life was grueling to witness. The Sonata to a Good Man at the end of the movie was quietly emotional and somehow satisfying. I don't want to give away the details of the story - it is for each of us to observe and respond to the message set forth.  Be prepared to give the story time to evolve and I promise you will be rewarded.
1582701709|4.0|Positive,very possibly life changing suggestions.  And who are those people?  A pamphlet or magazine article would've sufficed.
B000LW86GM|5.0|I watched High School Musical 1 and I watched High School Musical 2 and all I have to say is bravo! High School Musical 2 is as good as the first if not better. The music is alot better in the second movie than the first. I like the fact that the High School Musical 2 was set in the real world instead of a high school. I liked all the characters. They all were great. I am 35 and and I absolutely loved watching these movies because after all I am still a big kid at heart. This movie is for everyone of all ages. I don't care if your past 20, if your a big kid at heart then you are going to love this movie it was awesome and really fun. The comedy, drama,romance,and music was just fantastic! I waited along time for this movie to come on tv like the rest of you, all I have to say is I definately was not disapponted with this movie. I am going to buy this along with the first one when this is available on dvd. I recommend you buy this dvd you won't be disappointed. Like I said I am 35 I Loved this movie!, and if you're like a big kid no matter what age you are, and if you liked the first one then you are definately going to love this movie as well if not better than the first, because not only does it take place other than a high school not that there is anything wrong with that but the scenery was alot better This movie also had every element that a family movie should have.
B000KX0HVY|5.0|I thoroughly enjoy this CD set. It has every song that I love of his. Great item.
0618680004|5.0|Excellent book that ought be read by all human beings that can read and understand what they read.
032147404X|5.0|Although this book is for digital photography, most tips and tricks described in this book can easily be applied to manual film cameras as well.  If you're an advanced amature photographer, you'll find many tips are just common sense and you're probably know many of them through the years you've been messing around with cameras.  However, things that you'd think you already know and should or shouldn't do when taking pictures are easily forgotten due to nervousness or there are way too many things to remember, and that separate the pros from the amatures.  Scott Kelby's writing style is plain and straight forward, very easy to follow.  I would recommend this book as a howto book for beginner amature photographers and as a reference book for advanced amature photographers as well.
B000063DI8|5.0|This album rocks! Don't listen to the negativity. Maiden are the premeir heavy metal band. The only song I was disapointed with was \\"The Assasin\\". The other songs are incredible. Special note on \\"Run Silent, Run Deep\\" a wonderfuly made song about submarine warfare in WWII. Also listen for a great guitar solo about halfway through. It's duel guitar heaven!
B000002HPT|5.0|Start it over with \\"New Millenium\\" and you will know what I mean.  The band certainly worked out their \\"prog\\" blood cells, so to speak in this rendition. Lines in the sand is just a classic within recent prog-rock, and it may spill into the Great List of Heavenly Prog Tunes.  They finish it up with  \\"Trial of Tears\\", and awesome reminder of Rush, Yes, Allan Holdsworth (that solo is a homage to the \\"In the Dead of Night\\" solo), and the bands early heavy awakenings.  Enjoy and be part of the future, the future history of prog rock.
B0009IW88A|5.0|When I went to see Batman Begins I didn't think about the score. I didn't hear much of the score. I loved the movie so much that I bought the this CD. I discovered why I really didn't hear it in the movie. These two men crafted the perfect blend of film and music. They weaved a tapestry of pain,misery love and hope. Words can't describe how I love this music!
0764574124|5.0|The book is very well written and has useful examples as well as many screen shots (pictures) to help you along the way. This book is exactly what it says it is - meant for the intermediate user, but written for a dummy! A+++
0783114893|3.0|I first saw this movie when HBO released it in the mid 80's. It was part of a \\"Horror Movie Fest\\" at my home and it was pretty creepy then. I haven't seen it since, but the release of the remake made me want to see it again before I watched the new version.    It's amazing how something so unnerving 21 years ago could be so campy now. Needless to say, I'm afraid to watch the remake, since Rutger Hauer used to be my favorite bad guy, and Sean Bean is one of my current favorites.    Maybe I'll watch this again in 10 years... during a comedy night right after \\"Evil Dead.\\"
0805082662|5.0|Everything about the book is just perfect.  I would not buy this version of the 40th ed.  The CD is not done very well.  The book my boys love.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|What a powerful movie. I felt the oppressiveness of the system from the movie in a way that i haven't seen since reading Solzhenitsyn's \\"The Gulag Archipelago\\". I don't know how anyone survived those decades, let alone how any normal human contact was possible. I wonder even more how anyone in the system like the major character could move from a position of responsibility for interrogations to actively supporting a writer who writes a damning article about suicides in East Germany.<br /><br />The plot of the movie is actually rather straightforward and linear.<br />A playwright, a supporter of the regime has a beautiful lover, who is a well known actress.<br />She is blackmailed into a sexual liaison by a high ranking party member using his threats to end her career or worse.<br />The official decides to get rid of the playwright-boyfriend using information gained from surveillance by the Stasi on their apartment.<br />(so far sounds pretty much like David and Bathsheba, she who was the wife of Uriah)<br /><br />The agent assigned to the case, listens into the lives. While at the same time figures out with his immediate superior that they are being used by the official to further his sexual agenda.<br /><br />What happens next is that the agent covers up for the playwright's underground activities by submitting false reports that they are involved only in writing a new play, while they are actually moving towards more active resistance to the government.<br /><br />But the movie isn't about the plot, it is about the character development, in all four major players.<br />the Stasi supervisor, the agent, the playwright and the actress-girlfriend.<br />And how the system changes, distorts or reinforces each of their beliefs.<br /><br />The most interesting one is the agent's movement from a loyal player to a subverter of the system. What are his motivations? are they believable? how far will he go to protect these two people? will he get caught?<br /><br />it feels like a gripping detective story with lives on the line, with a huge rock ready to drop on anyone of them and poof--into prison.<br />It is how they adapt to the pressures, how they continue to live with themselves and with their friends that forms the background for the character development.<br /><br />i love books.<br />therefore i really liked the ending.<br />i hope things like this occurred in East Germany, and continue to occur in all those places in the world that are not free to speak their minds and think their own thoughts, in private, and to speak them in public.<br />thanks to the movie for a thrilling and thought provoking ride.ready to drop on anyone of them and poof--into prison.  It is how they adapt to the pressures, how they continue to live with themselves and with their friends that forms the background for the character development.    i love books.  therefore i really liked the ending.  i hope things like this occurred in East Germany, and continue to occur in all those places in the world that are not free to speak their minds and think their own thoughts, in private, and to speak them in public.  thanks to the movie for a thrilling and thought provoking ride.
B000784WMW|3.0|This is a great movie and follows the book very well. Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clark are perfect in their parts as Rochester and Jane. Unfortunately the DVD we received has a fuzzy look to it. It looks like it was a copy of a copy of a copy. It is watchable, but a little annoying. That is the reason I gave it three stars instead of five.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|This is an outstanding music video - it has all of their hits and has you singing along.....highly recommended!
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This is the best Video in my HD Collection to date (Bar-None).  When you consider the photography, the sound, the production, the presentation & the documentation you will agree that this Movie is awesome.  If & when anybody tops this movie, they will have earned \\"Best Movie Of All Times\\" Award.  If you're considering a purchase of this Movie, get it without further ado.  I know of nobody that has seen it say anything negative of it yet.  A person would really have to be critical to even mention or think of anything negative of this movie.  Five Stars without a doubt from me and plenty of other people.
B000NIVJHM|5.0|Everyone knows the movie by now. It is a great story with a terrific group of actors that experienced a magic thing that few experience. As for the DVD, the sound quality and picture is the best of any of the DVDs that have came out. The widescreen ratio aspect I believe is 16:9 which is about as good as it gets. My daughter and I enjoy the movie so much that it rivals the Rocky Horror Picture Show crowd interaction when it is on at our house. I hope you enjoy this DVD as much as we have.    My best,  Gordon Huff  Louisville, KY
0142004235|5.0|I actually bought this for my wife. She reads every night before going to sleep and according to her this is the best book she has ever read. She commented on the writing as being very desciptive and making her feel like she was there. \\"A very satifying read\\"
B00005JO9J|5.0|After watching a couple episodes of Grey's Anatomy here & there I decided that I wanted to catch up from the first season so I could get the story from the start & understand what was going on with the characters.  Now I am HOOKED!!  There is something new & exciting happening in every episode that makes you not want to wait a whole week to see the next!  I am now up Season 3...waiting for my DVD order to arrive!!
B000R7HY0K|1.0|I have to agree with 99% of the writers out there.  This is such an obvious sellout it's amazing.  I can't remember a bigger screw up than this.  The only thing that comes even close is the first time the major networks played Midnight Cowboy and cut out approximately 40 minutes of the movie.  I may never watch another Tarantino Movie again.
B000Q6GX5Y|3.0|The movie 300 dragged in the beginning.  Battles were great.  Overall plot was confusing if you didn't read the book.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|I purchased these Michael Jackson DVDS for my seven year old grandson because he is a Michael Jackson fan. I am told that his mother and father dried when their son told them that THAT was the bestest gift he ever received and he watched MJ DVDS for hours. I was happy to hear this because he is special to me and that made me happy because I purchased them for him....
1593080255|5.0|This story is amazing, Dorian Gray keeps you in the book.<br />I read this book in high school and now I decided to buy it and read it again.
B000NDIAWY|4.0|Highly recommended to me.  Very nice music. She has a rich voice and interesting material.
B000068TP0|5.0|I have bought this one, because in my opinion Shakira is the greatest artist of this century. After Oral Fictation 1 & 2, Laundry Service, Pies Descalzos and Donde Estan los Landrones this was the first live album that I've bought from her. I think I've already listened it for more than fifty times the last 3 months. Particularly this version of Estoy Aqui is very surprising.
B00005KB9X|5.0|If I were to suggest getting some Marley I would suggest in this order. (Accept for some early stuff this is all that I own,)  1. Live  2. Rastaman Vibration  3. Catch a Fire  4. Exodus  5. Burnin  6. Kaya  7. Nattie Dread/Babylon by Bus
1594489505|5.0|I didn't think 'The Kite Runner' could be topped, but this one is more relavant to me as a woman. I shan't forget the two women in this book for a very very long time.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I had seen part of this series on the discovery channel, and the short time viewing Planet Earth prompted me to buy the complete series. The show is amazing and spectacular beyond belief. I've learned many new and fascinating things and was glad to add this to my collection. I hope others with consider purchasing this item as well.
B0009A40ES|5.0|Excellent direction and acting allow this film to not fall into the genre of trashy horror flick. Christian Bale IS Patrick Bateman, Bale is able to express Bateman's complete emptiness combined with his arrogance. A role that really should have gotten more press when the flim came out.
B0000DZ3EA|5.0|This is a great compilation of Gabriel's music history. While favoring the recently produced works, there are still the old gems you love form him, like Solisbury Hill. This is a double CD, so there is a lot of music for you to enjoy.
1400063515|1.0|Thanks Mr. Taleb, you've done a good job for your masters. I'm certain that you'll get published again real soon, which will be certainly no random or unpredictable event. This author's message that, \\"the world is governed not by the predictable, but by the random, the unknowable, the unpredictable - big events or discoveries or unusual people that have big consequences. Change comes not uniformly but in unpredictable spurts\\" could not be any further from reality. Just because Joe America sees the Matrix all around us unfolding this way (indeed, being TOLD it unfolds this way) does not make it so. Nothing in politics or economics happens randomly or unpredictably (which has been quoted by various \\"whistle-blowing\\" economists and politicians over the centuries), it is virtually all directed by that thin skiff of humanity that can simply be labelled as the Elite.<br /><br />Ironically, the 9-11 episode is used to prop up the author's point, when in reality, 9-11 is becoming perhaps the best modern-day example of manipulated, false-flag, foreknown terrorism. And naturally, those Elite people and groups who not only knew in advance, but perhaps had a hand in planning the event, profited greatly from it, including selling short on the very markets that the author makes his supposedly primary income from. What a complete misdirected joke this book is, unless one works in the intelligence community, then you would see it as a work of good counter-intel and applaud it.<br /><br />Most \\"things\\" around us are so artificially manipulated (including at times even the weather - and I'm referring to so-called \\"natural disasters\\" that have severe economic impact) that factors that should really matter and have impact on certain events (such as numerous economic forecasters that used to be helpful for predictions) are totally ignored now by people like the author of this book because he probably has the real insider knowledge that the rest of us do not. International banking along with Wall Street runs on insider trading, manipulation, and outright fraud at all times and almost exclusively (wait till the \\"Leo Wanta\\" story goes public...), but the rest of us sheeple are not privy to that info. Most of us have no idea, for example, the the Federal Reserve System is not part of the Government (despite its misleading name); rather, it is a private banking conglomerate that changes interest rates and other factors and uses that to profit from and tell their Cabal about (not to mention raping the country on interest payments). That's why old Greenspan came across as spewing stupid gobligook all the time as he couldn't very well tell us the ugly truth, could he? It's all rigged people; virtually nothing is random, or unpredictable, or strange, or truly unexplainable on the World stage, or even on many local stages. The only events that may become unpredictable by the Elite are the endless manipulations and cover-ups of the cover-ups of the cover-ups and so on - if you get my meaning. The best example of this is recent NASA releases that totally contradict prior Apollo and Mars missions, which just adds more fuel onto the \\"moon hoax / coverup fire\\". Simply put, keeping a lie going for decades becomes pretty complicated and unpredictable, but NOT the original event(s) that created the need for the lie.<br /><br />Don't forget either, that the Black Swan WAS known about throughout history, but mainly by the Elite for much of that time because of it's symbolic importance within the occult / satanic realm. This is why there are imported Black Swans swimming in the U.K. lake where Princess Diana is supposedly burried. The clues are always there, you just have to understand the game. Better yet, understanding the game allows you to be a very, very good predictor of events and consequences, so that one can benefit as an insider does, and Nostradamus I am not.s on insider trading, manipulation, and outright fraud at all times and almost exclusively (wait till the \\"Leo Wanta\\" story goes public...), but the rest of us sheeple are not privy to that info. Most of us have no idea, for example, the the Federal Reserve System is not part of the Government (despite its misleading name); rather, it is a private banking conglomerate that changes interest rates and other factors and uses that to profit from and tell their Cabal about (not to mention raping the country on interest payments). That's why old Greenspan came across as spewing stupid gobligook all the time as he couldn't very well tell us the ugly truth, could he? It's all rigged people; virtually nothing is random, or unpredictable, or strange, or truly unexplainable on the World stage, or even on many local stages. The only events that may become unpredictable by the Elite are the endless manipulations and cover-ups of the cover-ups of the cover-ups and so on - if you get my meaning. The best example of this is recent NASA releases that totally contradict prior Apollo and Mars missions, which just adds more fuel onto the \\"moon hoax / coverup fire\\". Simply put, keeping a lie going for decades becomes pretty complicated and unpredictable, but NOT the original event(s) that created the need for the lie.  Don't forget either, that the Black Swan WAS known about throughout history, but mainly by the Elite for much of that time because of it's symbolic importance within the occult / satanic realm. This is why there are imported Black Swans swimming in the U.K. lake where Princess Diana is supposedly burried. The clues are always there, you just have to understand the game. Better yet, understanding the game allows you to be a very, very good predictor of events and consequences, so that one can benefit as an insider does, and Nostradamus I am not.
B000QXDED6|3.0|This was a good movie. But I know me and if it werent for the special effects i wouldnt have sat through all of it. The acting was actualy ok and the story was cool. But the part I liked most was the visual style. The only real gripe i have is that I dont remember ever seeing 300 men. There were groups of men but never did I see more than a couple dozen at most on screen. So if youre looking for a simple action film that has a real cool visual style than this is for you.
B0007LXPBI|5.0|This movie was soo sweet and cute. Lindsay used to be so innocent! I didn't really like the original, this one is way better! There's some really funny scenes, and I liked the British accent. I would totally reccomend buying this movie!
B00006CXSS|5.0|A well written, well acted piece of history.  Really enjoyed it and will watch it again and again.
B000QQFKYE|1.0|I love David Lynch.  I love Twin Peaks; favorite series ever.  I love Dune; favorite SciFi movie ever.  So it hit me hard that this movie was such a complete and utter failure.  I feel I have been robbed of the price of the movie, of three hours of my life, and it was done by a friend.  This movie was beyonbd disjointed, it was shattered.  It exercised wierdness not to set mood or advance plot, but just to be wierd.  Save your money and pray the next offering shows Lynch's old promise.
B00006ZXSK|5.0|I love this movie I had it in VHS and Now I have it in DVD.  Love this movie
0743270754|2.0|The book is very well written and the writer is--of course--extremely reliable.  My only complaint is that it's not what it claims to be.  I was expecting an in-depth report on how Lincoln molded this group of men into a real team--sort of a \\"Lincoln on Leadership,\\" for the 21st century. I was hoping for all kinds of insights and practical, homespun wisdom.  But instead it was simply a history of his administration.  So in spite of how well written and thoroughly researched it was, I was disappointed.
B00065MDRW|5.0|Best King Crimson ever , purchased it when it first came out on LP-33 1/2 in the early 70's, I still have this album & it's in great shape.
B00005YUPO|5.0|I just love the music and colors.  My son just stares and i get house chores done while he is mesmorized.
1400063515|4.0|My girlfriend was working towards her MBA and received the following assignment. She was too look at the stock performance of a company over a period of time, compare it to news reports and formulate an explanation for the rise and fall of stock prices. In other words she was asked to predict the past. Ah, Economics. `The Black Swan' is about rare and unforeseen occurrences with massive repercussions that prompt `experts' to quickly explain their cause in order to justify their titles as `experts'. We can then all feel secure that our lives aren't controlled by the capricious winds of events beyond our control. The author unleashes an attack on statisticians, economists and others like psychiatrists, college admissions officers, and councilors who claim a high level of knowledge but predict at about the level of a layman. It took about half the book before I felt that I might be starting to understand the authors point and even after putting the book down I'm still not sure I get it.<br /><br />The number one target of the authors wrath is economists stating that, \\"the Nobel medal in economics has not been good for society or knowledge\\" calling the prize \\"a public relations coup by economists aiming to put their field on higher footing than it deserves\\" To that I would say \\"AMEN\\". Economists have been obsessed with placing economics among the hard sciences. The Chicago school and supply-siders are all convinced that economics can be boiled down to equations on a black board under the assumption that human actors will all operate according to predictable patterns. However the author writes, \\"If people make inconsistent choices and decisions, the central core of economic optimization fails. You can no longer produce a \\"general theory,\\" and without one you cannot predict\\". This is the crux of the problem. Many of these Adam Smith, `Invisible Hand' economists have a worldview built on a faulty premise, that human's will always or even generally make reasonable or logical business decisions. The other assumption is that economics are predictable rather than dominated by Black Swan's but as the author writes, \\"In the last fifty years, the ten most extreme days in the financial markets represent half the returns\\" That's a pretty staggering pronouncement.<br /><br />Be forewarned that this book gets exceedingly technical in later chapters particularly when the author argues that we live in a world based on Mandelbrot's fractals rather than the Gaussian bell curve. The book is also a rallying cry for skeptics and as someone who picks up every issue of Skeptic magazine I found it quite refreshing. Skepticism is more than disbelief it's about questioning conventional wisdom and carefully deliberating the truth or falsity of a statement or idea. It's a lot easier said than done. I have to say that Mr. Taleb exhibits a bit of a mean streak throughout the book. He does not suffer fools lightly and frequently lists people by name that he disagrees with (and believe me when he disagrees he REALLY disagrees). Most of these people are probably only known in the statistical or economic circles and it seemed a tad excessive to call them out in a best selling book. The author admonishes those who engage in Ad Hominem attacks but some of his definitely skirt the edge. That aside The Black Swan is a book filled with great philosophical musings even if I'm still not sure I totally get it. I give it high marks.l business decisions. The other assumption is that economics are predictable rather than dominated by Black Swan's but as the author writes, \\"In the last fifty years, the ten most extreme days in the financial markets represent half the returns\\" That's a pretty staggering pronouncement.<br /><br />Be forewarned that this book gets exceedingly technical in later chapters particularly when the author argues that we live in a world based on Mandelbrot's fractals rather than the Gaussian bell curve. The book is also a rallying cry for skeptics and as someone who picks up every issue of Skeptic magazine I found it quite refreshing. Skepticism is more than disbelief it's about questioning conventional wisdom and carefully deliberating the truth or falsity of a statement or idea. It's a lot easier said than done. I have to say that Mr. Taleb exhibits a bit of a mean streak throughout the book. He does not suffer fools lightly and frequently lists people by name that he disagrees with (and believe me when he disagrees he REALLY disagrees). Most of these people are probably only known in the statistical or economic circles and it seemed a tad excessive to call them out in a best selling book. The author admonishes those who engage in Ad Hominem attacks but some of his definitely skirt the edge. That aside The Black Swan is a book filled with great philosophical musings even if I'm still not sure I totally get it. I give it high marks.
0802136834|5.0|Impeccably researched, fantastically written, wonderfully enthralling.  Anyone interested in British history, monarchs in general, the tudor period, politics, or anyone who just plain likes gossip will love this book.  It was really great.
0375704027|3.0|Having read \\"Kafka on the Shore,\\" \\"Wind-up Bird Chronicle,\\" \\"After Dark,\\" \\"A Wild Sheep Chase\\" and two short story compilations by Murakami, I have become a big fan.  He has a unique ability to explore life on the edge between two different existences and transport his readers to places they couldn't go without him.    Usually Murakami focuses on the border between real life and some sort of ethereal dream world; the border between the real and imagined.  His ability to do it effectively creates a tremendous eerie sense in his books.  Norwegian Wood is different in that it focuses on the border between sanity and insanity and between life and death and it doesn't work as well.    The book focuses on a college-age male main character who is \\"sane\\" and alive, but is drawn to those who are on the border of not being so.  The depth that is so prevalent in Murakami's other works is nowhere to be found here, it just falls flat.  His \\"insane\\" characters are mostly females whose main claim to \\"insanity\\" seems to be a weird relationship with sex.  They have problems that can't be articulated by anyone in the book (including the author) and they come off seeming like they've just made the conscious decision to be weird.  Not good.    Further, you never get any real sense of what is drawing the protagonist to these \\"broken\\" people.  He just keeps obsessing over them with nary a reason to be found in the book.    I'd advise you to skip this one, but would highly recommend \\"Kafka\\" and \\"Wind-up Bird.\\"  If you like those try some of Murakami's others and if your dying for more, give this one a shot... maybe you'll see something in it that I didn't.
0743289412|1.0|.....just because I love Stephen 90% of the time. I have every King major release in hardback. Dean Koontz drives a book faster, but King steers and handles the reader like a formila one writer. He makes characters live long in the memory.    Usually.    Not going to waste time on this. It's a bad re-visit to Rose Madder territory (I enjoyed that, four stars, just a few misgivings), but I thought this pretentious and Mills and Boon-ish (though I haven't read MB's but I hope you get the drift). Generally, I struggled to get started, struggled more to keep interested, nearly cried because I had to keep going to \\"be King complete\\", and had to have 4 months off work recovering from disappontment-related-stress leave when I closed the book. That last bit's not true.    I'll never return to Lisey's Story: I'd rather read Run Spot Run, which was better written and more exciting. I cared more about the Spot and the other characters - they were much more 3 dimensional.    Sorry Kingy. You're down to just on 89% successful books.
1416523359|3.0|I became an avid reader of King's work 20 years ago and have read most of his books many times. Even though I have sensed a decline in some of his later books (notably The Girl who loved Tom Gordon, Dreamcatcher and Cell) I have stood by him  as a loyal reader. Despite being rather deterred from picking up Lisey's Story by so many negative reviews here, mostly from fellow King fans, I tried to keep an open mind when I finally got round to it.  A popular genre writer like Stephen King faces a dilemma - try something different and his fans clamour for a return to the old style, and if he does that his books are often compared unfavourably to the earlier works that made him popular. In this book he appears to be striving to write a literary novel while keeping his fans happy with some typical King suspense - and that is, for me, where the book fails.  For example, he creates an atmosphere of real fear when the maniac &#34;Zack McCool&#34; threatens Lisey and I was eager to see how she would deal with the problem. Then he leaves that story hanging for well over 100 pages while we get a series of flashbacks to Lisey's life with her now dead husband, Scott. I could see that some of this was beautifully written and potentially very moving, but found myself skimming to get to the point where the &#34;Zack&#34; thread is picked up. The same happens after Zack pays Lisey a very unpleasant visit - again I found myself skimming to see how that would develop. The point of a page-turning suspense novel is just that - you keep reading as you're anxious to find out what happens, and a literary novel is to be read more slowly and savoured. Combining the two rarely works and I don't feel it does here.  I didn't mind the invented words too much, they were explained early on and served to illustrate the intimacy between the two main characters. I felt that the explanation for Lisey confronting the killer rather than leaving it to the police was rather unconvincing, but such a contrivance is obviously necessary for there to be a story at all in this and many other books.  In conclusion I found enough to enjoy and admire here, but wish that King had made a choice between suspense and a literary effort, rather than trying to combine both in one book.  EDIT 2017: Nearly ten years later I decided to re-read this (I've revisited most of his books several times). I enjoyed it far more second time round, partly because I was able to concentrate more on the excellent writing, and partly because I knew that this was far more slow-moving  than your typical King novel. I still found the first few chapters turgid, but was engrossed from then on. Conclusion: this is one of those books which rewards persistence.
B000BBOUU4|3.0|No need to rehash the plot (as other reviewers have done it) - - Here's my opinion - -Don't know what to think of it....  All in all it seemed to me that that there were two elements to the movie that held it together:  First the story... On one hand its written in the tradition of a classic children's fable that teaches that greed is bad, and in the end nothing is more important than family... on the other hand, the story is told with a psychedelic twist, and I assume was meant to be an analogy of the generation gap in the era it was written. - - Of course, even with that era long done and over with why not a film where \\"family values\\" perserveres in the end... but not prior to an acid like trip to a land of Oz serving as a mind blowing mix of retro-mod graphic design and taking advantage of the latest computer technology to bring a world of fantasy and imagination to life as they've never done before - -  GREAT IDEA ! !  but...<br />Here is where I think the film took a wrong turn:<br />The mix of \\"mod\\" and \\"grunge\\" - - The cheery (yet bizarre) \\"flowers and incense\\" look... yet the DARK \\"Batman\\" like BGM as well as strange dance numbers that seem either stylistically forced or stylistically out of place and made me take the film less seriously... Some numbers seemed too stupid for an adult film, yet other elements seemed too grotesque or elaborate for a children's film.... - - Yet still, the mix of fantastic ideas, imagery and an amazing journey through a land of oompa-loompas and chocolate make the film work.  However, it seemed to me like the creative team involved in the project weren't all on the same the page... yet Burton managed to string everything together.<br /><br />There was another surprize though (I wonder if I am the only person who feels this...)<br />I felt Willy Wonka was miscast.<br />Johnny Depp is great at playing weird and intense characters, but I felt this Willy Wonka has more make-up than charisma going for him, and I could have just as easily seen someone like Steve Buscemi or Geoffrey Rush playing the role...<br />Whatever, at times I felt that Depp got a kick out of the idea of doing the film, but just didn't have much to work with beyond going along for the ride...<br /><br />In conclusion, I have NO REGRETS watching the film, and recommend it, but I don't think I'd watch it again even though the LOOK of the film was definitely groundbreaking.  Great story, great cast, great feel... yet certain stylistic inconsistencies lost me at times.ike Steve Buscemi or Geoffrey Rush playing the role...   Whatever, at times I felt that Depp got a kick out of the idea of doing the film, but just didn't have much to work with beyond going along for the ride...      In conclusion, I have NO REGRETS watching the film, and recommend it, but I don't think I'd watch it again even though the LOOK of the film was definitely groundbreaking.   Great story, great cast, great feel... yet certain stylistic inconsistencies lost me at times.
1400049628|4.0|What a hoot!  Any Romero fan will gladly sink their teeth into this tome.  Would have been nice to see some movie references (copyright difficulties, probably...) but Brooks has actually thought this through! OK, gotta go reload!
B00005JMFQ|5.0|As my review title says - perfect cast, perfect music, perfect writing =  The Perfect Movie.  I hope you can't \\"wear out\\" a DVD, because I've watched it so much I might just do that.
B0000640VO|5.0|I watched this a few years ago, and have rented it quite a few times as well.. I finally decided to just order it.  I am very happy I did.. this movie never loses it's charm..
B000053V7O|5.0|Bertrand Tavernier is one of the most distinguished and finest French directors of the second half of the Century. and this film claimed by itself to be made, it deals with the story of a jazz musician struggling to create the bebop sound. Real-life tenor sax Dexter Gordon and Martin Scorsesse contributed to make this film a real winner, measure by measure.<br /><br />One of the warmest tributes ever paid to jazz.
1400032717|4.0|I thought the book was pretty good, but not what I expected.  I knew it was supposed to be from the point of view of a fifteen year old autistic boy, but somehow, the writing still caught me off gaurd.  Interesting read, but not even close to being one of the best books I've read this year.
B000OZ2CZW|4.0|i bought this c.d. because my infant daughter enjoyed joining in with the catchy chorus on \\"umbrella\\" when travelling in the car.Iwas pleasantly suprised by some of the other songs on the c.d.  I am usually more of a fan of rock and indie artists,however this c.d has opened my ears and I look forward to listening to more of her music catalogue. The girl is going to have a long and successful career if this is anything to go by. what a voice!!!!
B000R4SMCW|3.0|I am ambivalent about this particular movie. I really am. The story, plot, and details are weak. They're so weak that the movie appears to be written by a feeble-minded old twit. The plot is too farfetched to be in same universe as plausibility. What you do get, however, is some great acting. The acting by Hopkins is good. The acting is top-notch in fact.  If you just want to see some good acting regardless of the script, this movie is for you. Otherwise, the movie could be for those with little taste, or are easily amused. Oh well, it just wasn't that good. So keep your money, and see something else.
B000I5XOVY|4.0|Tje picture quality is very good, the movie it self is worth of viewing several times, Tarvolta perfomance is excelent.
075640407X|5.0|This is a book I picked up on a whim, and boy did it ever pay off!  I enjoyed every word.  Rothfuss has an enchanting story-telling style that sang to me.  I'm anxious to read the next in the series!  READ THIS BOOK, you will NOT be disappointed!
B000FJGWBM|4.0|This movie is certainly a very unusual type of film that plays both backwards and forwards  revealing the plot in a very interesting narrative.  Overall, it isn't a perfect film, but a great film and while it doesn't benefit largely from the Blu Ray format, it is a solid movie for anyone looking for something that will challenge your mind.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|This was a very informative DVD.  Al Gore went into great detail concerning what is happening and what many/will happen to our planet if we keep up the way we are.  I enjoyed it thoroughly!
B00008PW2D|1.0|If this had been the first season I would have never watched any more! I love \\"sex and the city\\" but wish I hadn't wasted my money on this 5th season! boring- boring - boring!!!!! Carrie is so cute & then some idiot cut that beautiful hair!!!!!Now all I see is her long neck & her nose!!!!!!I am buying both 1&2 of the 6th hoping they got enough bad reviews that they bring Big & Carrie back together and let her hair grow back!!!!In my opinion their love affair is what made this show.
0060512806|5.0|This is a phenomenal book for science fiction lovers.  It isn't an easy read for those who aren't very technologically savvy, but what do you expect given the subject.  Many have complained about the length, but I found the story to be fine in length.  The character development was well done and really made it easy to get involved.  One complaint was the lack of major female characters.  I guess I don't see this as a valid complaint against a book.  I wouldn't make the same comment about something like the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.  Its the story the author chose to write.  In the WWII part of the book a major female character would have been out of place given the military aspect of the book and the time period.  Its just the way things really work.<br /><br />I believe this book does a great job of creating an engrossing and believable world that the reader can really enjoy.  It left me wanting more.  The ending does cut off, but not too badly.  Not all ends were tied up, but that's not always bad.  Leaving a little to the reader's imagination is always good, and you're never going to reach a good ending where all ends are tied up.  Instead you'll end up with an ending like Harry Potter, where many people just complain about it.
0380789035|5.0|I read this novel a few years ago and I really enjoyed it. I would say more, but I honestly can't remember precise details...I'll have to read it again soon =p
B000089J0R|1.0|Egad!  These guys are like STYX with twice the speed, twice the attitude, half the talent, and even less songwriting ability.  Put the power chords to bed boys, slow down, and learn some riiffs!  Some of the thinnest syrup I've ever tasted...
0440180295|4.0|Vonnegut's story of Billy Pilgrims struggle with his post-war life really shows the reader how much someone can be effected by the evils waged on both sides of the war.     Vonnegut captures the psychological effect of World War Two with Billy Pilgrims life.
0792164903|4.0|If you can wade through Icabod's dreams about his mom, it is really a very good movie. A good mix of Police Files meets Night Gallery (sorry you young ones can't relate). Not overly graphic in terms of todays slasher flicks. A good spooky movie.
B000RZIGZ4|5.0|To the person who uses a review feature to complain about Paramount dropping Blu-Ray -- GROW UP! Go complain to Fox, Disney and Sony for not supporting HD DVD, or stop being a complete hypocrite!  Sony is the one that brought on this fiasco of a format war, trying to strong-arm the consumer into their overpriced technology.  Go cry somewhere else.    Better yet, go play with your PS3.  Oh, I forget, Sony forgot to develop any decent games for it.
1594489505|5.0|Great read about a troubling time and the wonders of the human spirit. Hard to put down.
B00005MP58|5.0|As others have noted, this is superb. I have watched it many times and it never grows old. I find this far superior to the newer, cinematic version.
B000NDIAWY|5.0|Brandi Carlile's second album takes you like a tropical storm and settles you to a poetic calm. The title track \\"The Story\\" is sang like an anthem, when she wails \\". . . all the lines on my face tells the story tells you the story of who I am. . . \\" you get shivers.  She has such a powerful voice.  This is a great second album and is consistently fantastic like her debut.  From the first track \\"Late Morning Lullaby\\" to \\"Have You Ever,\\" this CD is very much country- folk infused with the strong vitality of vintage rock and roll.  Its an impressive sophomore effort. Most of the songs are written  by Carlile  with her  famous cohorts, the Hanseroth twins contributing intermitently.  They also are provide all the musical instrumentations.  It's an impressive feat, so one must wonder is Brandi putting out too much, too early at such a young age, will she continue to be creative and exiciting? Lets enjoy \\"The Story\\" and ponder this later.
B000C65Z1G|1.0|An evil pharmaceutical company and British bureaucrats conspire to murder a woman who has uncovered their secret (their new tuberculosis vaccine actually kills people).  Her meek, weakling of a husband husband searches Africa, and Britain, and I think Germany or France or some other places (it doesn't matter), all leading up to the heart-stopping conclusion when he asks someone to mail him a letter exposing it all.    The main character is a loser.  I would rather have seen him strung up along with his wife so we could watch someone else's story.    Or, if you would rather see a thrilling recent movie in an African setting with a social message, see Blood Diamond.  That one is fun.
B0000691TJ|4.0|When this came out it felt a little uneven - Ramones albums used to be all killer all the time. Intra-band conflicts were starting to affect the music. There are a few poppy duds, but it still has top notch harder material, including two Dee Dee vocals that are keepers. Definitely worth getting.
B000056JYB|3.0|Compared to many of the deluxe sets in this series (i. e. those by The Who), I just found this one to be quite lacking.<br />First, as far as the bonus material is concerned, we mostly get long (often boring) jams sometimes absent of the virtuosity associated with such fine players. We don't get tunes roughly equivalent in musicality to the original LP.  I know..there probably wasn't much of that recorded by Blind Faith in their short life. But we should always aspire to something better than long sections of apparent noodling around, the rough equivalent of Elvis, Jerry Lee et al on \\"Million Dollar Band.\\" This material pervades all of disc two and, egad, some of disc one in which we should delight in the seminal LP material.<br />Secondly, even the seminal LP material remains a bit of a disappointment, as it was at the time of its original release.  Maybe we expected too much all along, but a better supergroup would have had Jack Bruce (the other Cream member) adding his tenor voice to the mix for a little variety.  There are some good original songs here, but not as strong as it could have been with a little more time and and a little less spontaneous commerciality.<br />And, while I love Steve Winwood's singing and playing, I always felt his voice was best suited to the shorter phrasing inherent in the rock 'n roll and blues he got to sing with Spencer Davis.  When stretched wayyy out, as it is many times here, his voice just gets too thinned out.<br />As a humble simple reviewer, not a talented crew like this (truly), I wish I could say better, but I just can't get past three stars.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This document \\"Planet Earth\\" is off the hook so much animals and weird things on Earth and how the Earth really is.The mountains wow high as wow too high,himalayas mountains,the caves with the bats and other weird animals that i never thought exist or had any idea about it,the birds the millions of birds all together flying,the animal life and it goes on and on beautiful Earth.How far and advance and beautyful with purpose then is the mind of our CREATOR.No doubt about it there is a Creator and his wisdom,power,the art the idea of  everything is manifest through his creation and the only thing we can really do is copy, for example the birds already fly to one place to another and we came up with aircrafts or airplanes for the purpose of moving from one place to another.Well the same Creator cares about us we also are part of his creation,his word is also alive and beneficial to us open your eyes to the book of Genesis for more details.Give the glory to God.God's Kingdom will soon solve all problems on Earth.
B000F8O35U|5.0|Disney never seems to let us down with the classics.  Great movie and songs.
3832790810|4.0|For starters: this book is a monster. I had the package dropped off in the mail room and wondered, \\"what the hell did I order?\\" The box was massive and weighed a ton...  I thought I may have ordered a slab of bricks and forgot.<br /><br />Once inside I opened the package. I quickly realized this was a well printed book. From the padded felt cover colored in red, to the nice paper that gripped your fingers. That, alone, made up for the cost.<br /><br />Ibegan going through page by page.  The color was all vivid. The women were beautiful and the poses were elegantlly seductive. I turned each page to find something new  and exciting.<br /><br />After about 50 or so pages, I began to get restless. It was almost TOO much book to be consumed all at once. I went through 10 more pages and decided to put it down. My mind couldn't properly digest everything it was taking in and I needed a break. 2  or 3 hours later I sat down to view more. This time viewed 20 pages before I had to close the book.  The photography was great and the concepts are executed with precision. As a budding photographerI was overwhelmed with his skill. It was too much for me.<br /><br />I have gone back to the book several times. I have probably viewed each image 2 or 3 times by now. There are some images that still resonate in my mind. It's definitely a book I would suggest to others.<br /><br />I show many of my models, makeup artists, and wardrobe stylists. They react with different opinions. Some see it as trash. Others see it as art. Annd ohers are indifferent.
B000OCXMAE|2.0|I've been listening to Linkin Park for as long as I can remember. First, I loved Hybrid Theory, then I realized that I like Meteora even more. I felt like I couldn't survive a second with them, but Minutes To Midnight just seems so.... fake. It feels like Linkin Park has turned into something else. They might as well change their name.     To all fans, get a box of tissues before you start listening to this album.     Maybe their next album (if they make one) will be closer to what they were, to what they still are.... They just wanted to tap into a different part of their minds I guess.
0812550706|5.0|Orson Scott Card blew me away when I read this book way back when it first came out in mass paperback edition.  I love his stories, and the way he makes you care so much about his characters.  His rich interlay of a consistent mythology in his books shows his fine ability of world-crafting.<br /><br />His books from the eighties and nineties were always favorites of mine - so much so that when he delved in other directions, such as Saints, I whole heartedly followed him and enjoyed the story without any aliens or native magic.<br /><br />This is the book you can give someone who says they do not like Science Fiction and prove them wrong.
1881273156|5.0|We've been married for ten years and I am sure this sound, Christian-based advice will help us for another fifty years.  The experiences and application points are well-thought, biblically-based and sincere.  I recommend this for any anniversary.
B00000JTB2|4.0|This record is a rarety that every blues fan love to have. I found these tracks very intimate and felt like the studio session would be happening in my studios.    For a guitar player there is enjoyable moments and young SRV shows his talent  the way A.K. is impressed !
B000002G89|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />\\"461 Ocean Boulevard\\" Clapton's 1974 album on so many levels is important not only for deserving its rightly place in your CD collection but for the myriad of reasons.<br /><br />What makes this particular release fascinating is the incredible diversity of those that have purchased this either as an 8-Track tape, cassette, LP, and or CD.  There are those that are the Clapton collector.  Searching for every note they seek any product to get their fill.  Others that are into the Mayall/Yardbirds/Cream/Blind Faith/ and Derek & The Dominos with such passion that they are leery to venture into solo material with few exceptions and finally those that don't know his legacy but pick up music as they hear it on the radio.  The one road that brings them all together is \\"461 Ocean Boulevard.\\"  Although the songs aren't structured for those that clamor for the guitar hero, they are strong enough that this record and the self-titled Eric Clapton are represented.<br /><br />\\"Motherless Children\\" may be listed as a traditional song but the first time the slide was put to the six string Clapton took possession.  The vocals and the instrumentation create a natural sound that engulfs your ears from the first listen.  \\"Give Me Strength\\" slows the tempo a bit and has blues stamped all over.  Interestingly enough is Eric penned this song.  It could pass for a cover but this is Clapton 74.  \\"Willie And The Hand Jive\\" saw excessive airplay on the Album Rock and progressive stations after the record hit the shelves.  With the mix of reggae and funk there is something magical the way Clapton took on something out of the realm and made it such a terrific creation.  \\"Get Ready\\" which Clapton wrote with Yvonne Elliman solidifies how his ego was in check here.  These were not hired hands but a band to him.  Elliman and Marcy Levy offered strong vocals to the mix, Jamie Oldaker picks his spots well as a drummer, Carl Radle's bass-lines are respected through the continents, Dick Sims may not be known to the masses but he is no stranger to the professional, and George Terry was not specifically  second guitarist.  During the years with Clapton in the live setting he was allowed to take a few solos and not be relegated to all rhythm all the time.  Bob Marley's \\"I Shot The Sheriff\\" not only is one of the most impressive covers of the period but opened the door a crack for those to explore the music of the Whalers, Jimmy Cliff, Peter Tosh, etc.  \\"I Can't Hold Out\\" is sometimes criticized for being too laid back as Eric puts the blues to work.  \\"Please Be With Me\\" mixes a folk and Gospel approach.  \\"Let It Grow\\" is majestic in its splendor.  A timeless tune that will never age.  \\"Steady Rollin' Man\\" gives us a dose of the blues in upbeat fashion.  The finale is a perfect choice.  \\"Mainline Florida\\" has the memorable riff and the exact energy to be four minutes without a single flaw.<br /><br />If you want a very good record to become excellent in the blink of an eye, all you do is pick up the remastered version with 26 songs and 2 CD's!  Combining session out-takes with live material the end result more than doubles the original LP.  If you want a treasure check out Clapton's live version of \\"Smile.\\"  Think Sinatra meets Slowhand!<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"im.  Elliman and Marcy Levy offered strong vocals to the mix, Jamie Oldaker picks his spots well as a drummer, Carl Radle's bass-lines are respected through the continents, Dick Sims may not be known to the masses but he is no stranger to the professional, and George Terry was not specifically  second guitarist.  During the years with Clapton in the live setting he was allowed to take a few solos and not be relegated to all rhythm all the time.  Bob Marley's \\"I Shot The Sheriff\\" not only is one of the most impressive covers of the period but opened the door a crack for those to explore the music of the Whalers, Jimmy Cliff, Peter Tosh, etc.  \\"I Can't Hold Out\\" is sometimes criticized for being too laid back as Eric puts the blues to work.  \\"Please Be With Me\\" mixes a folk and Gospel approach.  \\"Let It Grow\\" is majestic in its splendor.  A timeless tune that will never age.  \\"Steady Rollin' Man\\" gives us a dose of the blues in upbeat fashion.  The finale is a perfect choice.  \\"Mainline Florida\\" has the memorable riff and the exact energy to be four minutes without a single flaw.    If you want a very good record to become excellent in the blink of an eye, all you do is pick up the remastered version with 26 songs and 2 CD's!  Combining session out-takes with live material the end result more than doubles the original LP.  If you want a treasure check out Clapton's live version of \\"Smile.\\"  Think Sinatra meets Slowhand!     Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
0446310786|5.0|I love this book it great literature book i never get a chance to read untill  i am 31 year of age. This book is humorous, breathtaking wonderful and excellent. Fast delivery.
B000666US4|5.0|former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />\\"461 Ocean Boulevard\\" Clapton's 1974 album on so many levels is important not only for deserving its rightly place in your CD collection but for the myriad of reasons.<br /><br />What makes this particular release fascinating is the incredible diversity of those that have purchased this either as an 8-Track tape, cassette, LP, and or CD. There are those that are the Clapton collector. Searching for every note they seek any product to get their fill. Others that are into the Mayall/Yardbirds/Cream/Blind Faith/ and Derek & The Dominos with such passion that they are leery to venture into solo material with few exceptions and finally those that don't know his legacy but pick up music as they hear it on the radio. The one road that brings them all together is \\"461 Ocean Boulevard.\\" Although the songs aren't structured for those that clamor for the guitar hero, they are strong enough that this record and the self-titled Eric Clapton are represented.<br /><br />\\"Motherless Children\\" may be listed as a traditional song but the first time the slide was put to the six string Clapton took possession. The vocals and the instrumentation create a natural sound that engulfs your ears from the first listen. \\"Give Me Strength\\" slows the tempo a bit and has blues stamped all over. Interestingly enough is Eric penned this song. It could pass for a cover but this is Clapton 74. \\"Willie And The Hand Jive\\" saw excessive airplay on the Album Rock and progressive stations after the record hit the shelves. With the mix of reggae and funk there is something magical the way Clapton took on something out of the realm and made it such a terrific creation. \\"Get Ready\\" which Clapton wrote with Yvonne Elliman solidifies how his ego was in check here. These were not hired hands but a band to him. Elliman and Marcy Levy offered strong vocals to the mix, Jamie Oldaker picks his spots well as a drummer, Carl Radle's bass-lines are respected through the continents, Dick Sims may not be known to the masses but he is no stranger to the professional, and George Terry was not specifically second guitarist. During the years with Clapton in the live setting he was allowed to take a few solos and not be relegated to all rhythm all the time. Bob Marley's \\"I Shot The Sheriff\\" not only is one of the most impressive covers of the period but opened the door a crack for those to explore the music of the Whalers, Jimmy Cliff, Peter Tosh, etc. \\"I Can't Hold Out\\" is sometimes criticized for being too laid back as Eric puts the blues to work. \\"Please Be With Me\\" mixes a folk and Gospel approach. \\"Let It Grow\\" is majestic in its splendor. A timeless tune that will never age. \\"Steady Rollin' Man\\" gives us a dose of the blues in upbeat fashion. The finale is a perfect choice. \\"Mainline Florida\\" has the memorable riff and the exact energy to be four minutes without a single flaw.<br /><br />If you want a very good record to become excellent in the blink of an eye, all you do is pick up the remastered version with 26 songs and 2 CD's! Combining session out-takes with live material the end result more than doubles the original LP. If you want a treasure check out Clapton's live version of \\"Smile.\\" Think Sinatra meets Slowhand!<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"well as a drummer, Carl Radle's bass-lines are respected through the continents, Dick Sims may not be known to the masses but he is no stranger to the professional, and George Terry was not specifically second guitarist. During the years with Clapton in the live setting he was allowed to take a few solos and not be relegated to all rhythm all the time. Bob Marley's \\"I Shot The Sheriff\\" not only is one of the most impressive covers of the period but opened the door a crack for those to explore the music of the Whalers, Jimmy Cliff, Peter Tosh, etc. \\"I Can't Hold Out\\" is sometimes criticized for being too laid back as Eric puts the blues to work. \\"Please Be With Me\\" mixes a folk and Gospel approach. \\"Let It Grow\\" is majestic in its splendor. A timeless tune that will never age. \\"Steady Rollin' Man\\" gives us a dose of the blues in upbeat fashion. The finale is a perfect choice. \\"Mainline Florida\\" has the memorable riff and the exact energy to be four minutes without a single flaw.    If you want a very good record to become excellent in the blink of an eye, all you do is pick up the remastered version with 26 songs and 2 CD's! Combining session out-takes with live material the end result more than doubles the original LP. If you want a treasure check out Clapton's live version of \\"Smile.\\" Think Sinatra meets Slowhand!     Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B00006F7S4|5.0|This album is a classic because every song is perfect and they all work together to make a seemless album.    Sea Change fits into any collection along side the greats....
B00065VTU4|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />\\"461 Ocean Boulevard\\" Clapton's 1974 album on so many levels is important not only for deserving its rightly place in your CD collection but for the myriad of reasons.<br /><br />What makes this particular release fascinating is the incredible diversity of those that have purchased this either as an 8-Track tape, cassette, LP, and or CD. There are those that are the Clapton collector. Searching for every note they seek any product to get their fill. Others that are into the Mayall/Yardbirds/Cream/Blind Faith/ and Derek & The Dominos with such passion that they are leery to venture into solo material with few exceptions and finally those that don't know his legacy but pick up music as they hear it on the radio. The one road that brings them all together is \\"461 Ocean Boulevard.\\" Although the songs aren't structured for those that clamor for the guitar hero, they are strong enough that this record and the self-titled Eric Clapton are represented.<br /><br />\\"Motherless Children\\" may be listed as a traditional song but the first time the slide was put to the six string Clapton took possession. The vocals and the instrumentation create a natural sound that engulfs your ears from the first listen. \\"Give Me Strength\\" slows the tempo a bit and has blues stamped all over. Interestingly enough is Eric penned this song. It could pass for a cover but this is Clapton 74. \\"Willie And The Hand Jive\\" saw excessive airplay on the Album Rock and progressive stations after the record hit the shelves. With the mix of reggae and funk there is something magical the way Clapton took on something out of the realm and made it such a terrific creation. \\"Get Ready\\" which Clapton wrote with Yvonne Elliman solidifies how his ego was in check here. These were not hired hands but a band to him. Elliman and Marcy Levy offered strong vocals to the mix, Jamie Oldaker picks his spots well as a drummer, Carl Radle's bass-lines are respected through the continents, Dick Sims may not be known to the masses but he is no stranger to the professional, and George Terry was not specifically second guitarist. During the years with Clapton in the live setting he was allowed to take a few solos and not be relegated to all rhythm all the time. Bob Marley's \\"I Shot The Sheriff\\" not only is one of the most impressive covers of the period but opened the door a crack for those to explore the music of the Whalers, Jimmy Cliff, Peter Tosh, etc. \\"I Can't Hold Out\\" is sometimes criticized for being too laid back as Eric puts the blues to work. \\"Please Be With Me\\" mixes a folk and Gospel approach. \\"Let It Grow\\" is majestic in its splendor. A timeless tune that will never age. \\"Steady Rollin' Man\\" gives us a dose of the blues in upbeat fashion. The finale is a perfect choice. \\"Mainline Florida\\" has the memorable riff and the exact energy to be four minutes without a single flaw.<br /><br />If you want a very good record to become excellent in the blink of an eye, all you do is pick up the remastered version with 26 songs and 2 CD's! Combining session out-takes with live material the end result more than doubles the original LP. If you want a treasure check out Clapton's live version of \\"Smile.\\" Think Sinatra meets Slowhand!<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"nd Marcy Levy offered strong vocals to the mix, Jamie Oldaker picks his spots well as a drummer, Carl Radle's bass-lines are respected through the continents, Dick Sims may not be known to the masses but he is no stranger to the professional, and George Terry was not specifically second guitarist. During the years with Clapton in the live setting he was allowed to take a few solos and not be relegated to all rhythm all the time. Bob Marley's \\"I Shot The Sheriff\\" not only is one of the most impressive covers of the period but opened the door a crack for those to explore the music of the Whalers, Jimmy Cliff, Peter Tosh, etc. \\"I Can't Hold Out\\" is sometimes criticized for being too laid back as Eric puts the blues to work. \\"Please Be With Me\\" mixes a folk and Gospel approach. \\"Let It Grow\\" is majestic in its splendor. A timeless tune that will never age. \\"Steady Rollin' Man\\" gives us a dose of the blues in upbeat fashion. The finale is a perfect choice. \\"Mainline Florida\\" has the memorable riff and the exact energy to be four minutes without a single flaw.    If you want a very good record to become excellent in the blink of an eye, all you do is pick up the remastered version with 26 songs and 2 CD's! Combining session out-takes with live material the end result more than doubles the original LP. If you want a treasure check out Clapton's live version of \\"Smile.\\" Think Sinatra meets Slowhand!     Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B00000420F|5.0|This disc is a perfect example for young singers studying from the 24 or 26 Italian Songs and Arias and the like. Cecilia Bartoli posesses a beautiful voice.
0374105235|3.0|A long Way Gone was our local book club selection for August.  We have about 15 members who read the book.  While it was interesting and gave an indept view of the war in Sierra Leone it never did say what the two sides were fighting over.  It was an incredible story of a child warrior and the trials and sufferings that he endured.
B000SM7QUC|4.0|I bought the Heroin Diaries soundtrack last night and I listened to the whole CD twice. There was maybe only 1 or 2 songs that I didn't care for, but this is definitely a candidate for rock album of the year. The state of Rock is in trouble but Nikki Sixx, DJ Ashbah, and James Michael have offered up some resurrection. No, it's not Shout At the Devil or Dr. Feelgood, but I think the Motley fans will much enjoy and appreciate this project. The only thing I would say is that I was expecting a few more heavier tracks.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This is the best satire comedy on the market, making fun of the old Star Trek show and all the conventions and Trekkies that followed the show.<br /><br />The aging actors of the Galaxy Quest show still attend conventions, signing autographs for money, and no other acting career left because of the previous popularity of their show.  Commander Peter Quincy Taggert is just Jason Nesmith (Tim Allen), a has been actor with a big ego.  He's in dutch with his fellow cast members for taking side jobs without them.  At a convention, Jason runs into the Thermians, who request his help to negotiate with Sarris, the general of an evil reptilian race.  Jason believes they are simply fans, and has no idea that the Thermians are true aliens who have modeled their lives, and their ship, after watching transmissions of the show.  The Thermians believe the show is historical documents, not old reruns of entertainment television.<br /><br />After discovering the Thermians are real, Jason convinces his crew to come with him into space.  The Thermians put the crew in charge, not knowing they are just actors.  What follows is a hilarious romp through space with 'B' grade actors fleeing Sarris's revenge while trying to save the Thermians.  All of the cheesiest aspects of the old Star Trek shows are brought back to comedic life. (\\"Look around you, can you construct some sort of rudimentary lathe?\\")<br /><br />Stealing the show is Sigourney Weaver as Gwen DeMarco (\\"I have one job on this lousy ship, it's stupid, but I'm going to do it!\\"), Alan Rickman as Alexander Dane, Tony Shalhoub as Fred Kwan (a laid-back, stoner type), and relatively unknown Sam Rockwell as Guy Fleegman (the expendable crewman).  Their comedic performances are absolutely top notch in this film, and there's a lot more humor hidden in it than just a first time watch can capture.  It's a movie to watch over and over again.<br /><br />Whether you love or hate the old Star Trek shows, as long as you love excellent satirical comedy, you will definitely enjoy this movie.  10 Stars!  Well worth a purchase.enjoy this movie.  10 Stars!  Well worth a purchase.
B000OVLBF8|5.0|What a bad week as i received and watched the mostly overhyped rewiewed Dvd \\"Hot fuzz\\" and \\"shaun and the dead\\".I didnt know when and where to laugh..terrible disaster on top of it as i bought these dvds in HD Dvd...  In the meantime i purchased against the negative trend of reviews :ghost riders  I was scarry to relive again the same exprience of the two bad nones and ghost rider saved my week.  This movie rocks and this is waht cinema is:action action and action...  The cgi effects are amazing  I pray to see many others like that
B000KKPN5C|5.0|Very good quality. Easy to use. Great improvement over the build-in style flash light. Capable of rotating the flash light upward for bounce situation. Nice design for such a small pakage.
0743554450|5.0|If you've read the book, appreciate it again. Perhaps when doing something else? It's the same price (or less) than the audiobooks version in the ITunes store. Download it to your MP3 player (not just an Ipod!) and then you can loan it to someone else as well! Well worth the money.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|Even though the first 6 episodes of Season 3 are rather slow, it is more than made up for with the episodes that follow. Starting with \\"Not In Portland\\" (and ignoring \\"Stranger In A Strange Land\\") you will not find a better run of episodes in ANY Lost Season. Fantastic stand-outs such as \\"The Man From Tallahassee\\", \\"Par Avion\\", \\"Flashes Before Your Eyes\\", \\"The Man Behind the Curtain\\", and especially \\"The Brig\\" are just absurdly entertaining and gripping hours of television.    There was a lot of griping over this show in the beginning of Season 3, which unfortunately means a lot of people missed out on the absolutely stellar second half. Pick this up now if you are even remotely interested in the show, and if you are someone who stopped watching early on, I cannot even express how badly you need to see this season. 5 STARS.
6304119046|4.0|The film opens on a silent and dark night. An old man dies peacefully in bed, alone. It shows the vast riches of this extremely wealthy man - his monument. Charles Foster Kane was the greatest newspaper tycoon of his day. His wealth derived from a gold mine in Colorado, obtained almost by chance. His newspapers were loved by many, and hated by many. The news reels give his history. He was on track to be elected governor, but a sex scandal caused a loss. He retired to Xanadu, his lavish estate, then died as all must. The journalists will try to investigate his life to figure out his dying words (as if that could be relevant to anybody). This film continues as a search to uncover a mystery that may be unexplainable.   Charles Foster Kane was taken from his parents at an early age because of a contract his mother signed (her investment advisor). Kane received the best education money can buy, but this is omitted. Kane's pleasure is his newspaper, he is a crusader for the masses against the Robber Barons (to deprive a third party of this cause). But in time he is forced to sell control of his 'Inquirer' to a bank. The scenes show how editorial policy is remade. [Note the gas lights, an open flame.] Kane hires away the newspaper men from a competitor to create the greatest circulation in New York, the financial capital. Kane marries the niece of a President (money talks?). Jed Leland tells his memories of Kane. The scenes show Charles' changes in his marriage (he is more arrogant and powerful). Kane runs for governor, a liberal who is the friend of the working man and decent people. [But will the ruling class support this upstart?]   Poor Charlie doesn't realize that private investigators were shadowing him, and his private life ends his hope for a public life. [Most big city politicians were taking payoffs to support the local corporations.] Nothing is more scandalous than a reformer with hidden faults; a politician who is known to love drink and women won't be defeatedfor this. Susan's singing career soon ends. Perhaps they aimed too high, musical comedies rather than grand opera? Some very dramatic scenes follow and reveal more of the personalities of Charles and Susan. Poor Susan can't stand the strain and pressure. Can a publisher really create a star? Can a millionaire provide a starring role for his girlfriend today? Does great wealth and power lead to corruption and insanity? Was Kane's search for love the result of an unhappy childhood? Charlie's vandalism of his wife's bedroom suggests a sick mind. There is an inventory of Kane's property. What is it worth? Kane saved everything (like many of his generation). At the end we see a child's sled and its name.   This film may have been novel in its day, but now seems dated. It seems like it came from a radio play. It is not really historical or satirical. There were plenty of other targets available, but this film barely recognizes the events that existed during Kane's lifetime (post Civil War to World War II). A fictionalized account closer to reality might have been better.   Since he died alone, how did anyone learn his last word?
0843176008|5.0|A sweet and simple series of books, most have a humorous twist and illustrations that engender a smile.  Adults can appreciate them as they read them to the preschool to early elementary crowd.
B000RJO578|4.0|Great British humor takes on a Hollywood \\"action\\" style flair and results in a winning combination...touches from previous \\"buddy cop movies\\" result in a witty and silly comedy about a Disneyesque English village. Great Clint Eastwood parody in the finale.
B00006AVRK|5.0|The chemistry between Jeeves & Wooster is spectacular!  They really add punch to this series and make it a joy to watch.    I bought this for my Dad for Father's Day.  It's one of the best gifts I've given him.  He has had many hours of laughter from this set.  He has thoroughly enjoyed it!    The next person I intend to buy it for is me!
B000EQ4G5K|4.0|The CD is full of catchy songs. I especially like Unfaithful. Although not as well written, some lyrics do sound a little off, it is well sung and Rihanna's voice gives it that extra something that makes the song so addictive.
B000NU2CY4|1.0|Paramount is now releasing only on HD DVD, therefore this release will never be available. Get the HD DVD Version if you wan't Gladiator in High Definition.
1594489505|5.0|I read The Kite Runner, another excellent novel by the author prior to reading this one and did not think that this book could top it.  However, A Thousand Splendid Suns shocked me by being a hundred times better than The Kite Runner.  I could not put the book down...from the first page to the last the story draws you in and does not let you go.  It is an excellent book, one which you will not be able to stop reading until you're done.
B000HBK3MM|5.0|Excellent new singer with soul, blues and jazz in this recording.  Toe-tapping favorites that were given as a gift and well-received.  She is likened to Nina Simone but very contemporary!
0596009208|5.0|This book is just plain FUN and easy to read, whether you plan on becoming a professional Java programmer or just want to know what \\"object-oriented\\" programming is all about. It is filled with humor and plain language explanations of Java concepts, including loads of examples. Its greatest value, in my opinion, is as a tutorial approach to Java newcomers.<br /><br />Head First Java is NOT a good reference book though, so don't buy it if that's what you need! The index is missing many common references to ordinary Java concepts so it is difficult to look up how to do something and find instructions, unless it's something extremely mainstream.<br /><br />That said, this is by far the best book I've ever seen of its kind. If you have the time to actually read through the book and do the exercises, you will come away with an excellent foundation in Java programming. Each exercise (most of which are games) begins with a conceptual explanation, followed by a \\"prepcode\\" version (the program written in a combination of English and actual code), and finally as a real Java program. The authors have gone to the trouble of labelling each line of \\"real\\" code with an explanation of what it does. They have anticipated users' questions and answered them. They occasionally leave bugs in a program deliberately, so that you can see the error message and then receive a thorough description of why it occurred and how to fix it. Excellent!!!
0143038419|5.0|BRAVO on a job well done. One of the most fantastic women's novels I've read in awhile - honest, inspiring, refreshing, and HILARIOUS. I hope they don't alter her journey by making it into a movie. It is perfect just the way it is. I recommended this book to several girlfriends who couldn't stop talking about it.
B00006RYIQ|4.0|I originally had this album on an LP record and listened to side one (the first four songs) often and rarely listened to side two (songs 5 through 8). Not that the second half wasn't good, it just didn't match the creative genius and diversity of the first four long songs.<br /><br /> \\"No Other\\" was released in 1974, featuring the ex-Byrd Gene Clark at his creative peak, backed by '70s rock luminaries such as Butch Trucks, Russ Kunkle, Joe Lala, Chris Hillman, and Jesse Ed Davis, along with an angelic chorus of backup singers.<br /><br /> Clark was pegged as country-rock and the first song, \\"Life's greatest Fool\\" starts out as a solid country-rock song until the background singers come in with a gospel edge, repeating after Clark \\"Do you believe\\", \\"deep in your soul\\", giving the song a depth that can't be matched by today's bland country singer/songwriters. A very catchy song, in which Clark's voice sounds uncannily like Michael Stipe of REM. Of course Stipe was probably in Jr. high school at the time this album was recorded. \\"Silver Raven\\" is a masterpiece of acoustic rock that is remniscent of the Marshall Tucker Band, although it was a few years ahead of Marshall Tucker. \\"No Other\\" drops the country-rock thing altogether for a musical excursion that reminds me of early Little Feat. \\"Strength Of Strings\\" is a haunting song that is utterly original and sounds like nothing you've ever heard before.<br /><br />These first four songs from \\"No Other\\" are powerful and original songs that will stick in your head forever once you've listened to them a few times. The next four tunes, \\"From A Silver Phial\\", \\"Some Misunderstanding\\", \\"The True One\\" and \\"Lady Of The North' are good songs but the second half of the album drags out with a sameness to the songs and a lack of excitement unlike the first half.<br /><br />\\"No Other\\", along with other great albums of the same period like \\"Blood On The Tracks\\" by Bob Dylan seemed like magical music for a magical time. Maybe it was just the redbud and Thai sticks. Nah, this music still moves me in a ethereal way. Gene Clark - gone but not forgotten.Nah, this music still moves me in a ethereal way. Gene Clark - gone but not forgotten.
B00009MGR6|3.0|To be honest, I thought this was a decent one. After listening to \\"For Those About to Rock,\\" where I think they went a tad overboard, I found this one to have some better rhythms. Brian Johnson seems to be at his best when he has something with a good beat, which most of the songs on \\"For Those About to Rock\\" seemed to lack (a lot of slow, droning anthemic rhythms on that one). This one has some good riffs throughout, and while it's no BIB, I did find myself enjoying it quite a bit, surprisingly. The first 2 songs are the best, but the first 4 are actually all rather solid in my opinion, and there isn't a loathsome moment here as on other albums. The final song was probably my least favorite, but it certainly didn't make me cringe the way other songs have.    For an album of the Brian Johnson era, I like this one. I'd say give it a listen. These lesser known albums aren't too expensive and this one is worth the purchase.
B000I2J79K|2.0|The performances were very average.  If you want to see some good musicianship purchase the Eagles Farewell tour.  EW&F and Chicago need to practice some more.  I'm a fan of both bands, but this DVD is not worth having in your collection.
B000NVIXFK|4.0|The latest Rush album, Snakes & Arrows, serves to demonstrate just how progressive Rush is as a band. Not only as the genre they uncomfortably are labled under, but more in the sense that they are a band that has progressed over the years and somehow have managed to remain significant and relevant.  SNAKES & ARROWS is leaps and bounds better than their previous effort, Vapor Trails, and in my opinion their best since Counterparts. The album starts off strong with Far Cry, one of their best opening tracks ever, and maintains a steady pace throughout. Armor and Sword follows with it's grinding guitars that are backed with the thick bass of Geddy Lee and some haunting vocal layers. The pacing of this album is very significant and the themes present in it are not lost in the arrangement. Neil Peart's lyrics have always walked the line between literal and metaphorical and this album is no different, however the content of the lyrics and the overall conceptual theme that is present just makes them resonate a little more true this time. He makes plenty of philosophical references that won't be lost on legitimate scholars, but yet will also jive for first time listeners.  Snakes & Arrows has a lot of good hooks. There are many elements that will draw the listener in upon multiple listenings. Some will come faster than others but there is no denying that this album is one of Rush's most melodic. The die hards may complain that none of the 3 instrumentals do much to match such epic instrumentals of the past (YYZ,La Villa Strangiato) but those with patience and an ear for good melody will surely appreciate this new set as some of their finest and deepest. Gone are the intricate, off-time runs. Present are some well thought out, dynamic songs that exhibit a chemistry that only a group of disciplined musicians such as Rush could pull off so easily.  As with any good album, this album is best served after a few listenings. Once everything has set in and the lyrical content startsto sink in with the rich textures and sonic tones, it will be looked back upon as one of their better efforts. Not bad for a band that's been together for over 30 years.   Stay Classy, Rush.
0684857219|5.0|Outstanding book! A must for those in the sport of Body Building or the individual that is looking to improve their overall health through weight training.
0671004107|1.0|With all due respect for the late Mr Sagan, he might be a brilliant astronomer but he was definitely not a good story teller for several reasons:    1. Throughout the book, there're plenty passages which are redundant & irrelevant to the story development.  For example, I found that you can actually skip the whole Ch 10 (and Ch 17 too) without affecting the story development at all - which is not a good thing for a fiction.  2. Perhaps also due to the above, the story movt is very slow.  At times it gives me the feeling that the author does not know how the story should progress, so every other 2 or 3 pages, he repeated & recapitulated the then situation of the story.    Actually the idea of the story was great, but sadly it's a waste for the idea has not been developed into an attractive story.  I like the movie but not the book.    PS for a debate of science vs religion, I would recommend \\"Angels & Demons\\" by Dan Brown.  The outline of ideas & controversy is far clearer than \\"Contact\\".
B00005JPQL|5.0|The story begins in the 19th-century village of Wall. But Wall isn't your average country village -- it guards a low, stony wall between mundane England and the fantasy kingdom of Stormhold. No one crosses the wall -- except for young Drustan Thorn, whose curiosity led him to an otherworldly market and a single night of passion with a captive gypsy -- or princess -- and nine months later he was given a son, Tristan, who was left for him by the wall.<br /><br />Flash forward 18 years, and Tristan (Charlie Cox) hopes to win the heart of his beautiful but shallow love, Victoria (Sienna Miller), by recovering a star that fell somewhere beyond the wall. So Tristan sets forth on his own journey in Stormhold. Meanwhile in that magical land, the dying king (Peter O'Toole) has set his four surviving sons on a quest for the crown. And the witch Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer) is seeking the heart of the star for an entirely different purpose, one that probably will not turn out well for anyone else involved in the story.<br /><br />Despite initial trepidations over seeing a favorite Neil Gaiman story converted to film, \\"Stardust\\" is all I could hope for. The settings and scenery are lush and beautiful. The effects are seamless and spectacular. The score by Ilan Eshkeri is dramatic. Narration by Ian McKellen is compelling. And the casting is exceptional, from Robert De Niro as the delightful sky pirate Captain Shakespeare to Pfeiffer as the sumptuously evil witch. Claire Danes is absolutely radiant as Yvaine, who in one way or another holds the resolution of every quest. Poised, beautiful and sporting a great English country accent, Danes glows even without the benefit of special effects. And Tristan Thorn is a classic everyman hero, a simple young man who grows and flourishes on his journey; Cox captures the role perfectly. A relative newcomer to the screen, he's without question an actor to watch.<br /><br />Gaiman is a brilliant writer, a man with an imagination like no other. Fortunately, director Matthew Vaughn bucked the Hollywood trend by respecting the source material, creating a splendid film, one that will surely become a classic for generations to come.<br /><br />by Tom Knapp, Rambles.N E T  editorhew Vaughn bucked the Hollywood trend by respecting the source material, creating a splendid film, one that will surely become a classic for generations to come.    by Tom Knapp, Rambles.N E T  editor
0743496728|3.0|I think what made me excited about reading this book was the saliency it had to current issues. And having the shooter live instead of die made for an interesting premise; the effects on the community and his family, could we feel sympathy for someone who took 10 innocent lives? And though I normally enjoy Picoult's writing and character analysis, I had a very hard time reading it without rolling my eyes and not believing that the characters would do/think what they did. Though she is supposed to be the main character to identify with, Alex spends most of the book saying the same thing over and over again \\"I'm a bad mother, I can't relate to my daughter.\\" It seems like everytime we are in Alex's point of view, this is all she can think about.  It gets very repetitive and instead of identifying with her, the reader just gets annoyed that she doesn't do anything about it. Come on, parents can be clueless about their children, but this is ridiculous. And the portrayel of high school is exagerated, though I will say it is not far off, but I didn't understand Josie's point of view, I don't remember anyone being that scared of losing their popularity position.  I do applaud her for not being that clear in the end with the motive behind the shootings and whether or not Peter was suffering from PTSD or had an episode. Though Peter's story is sad, and you could make a case for him getting revenge on his tormentors, Picoult doesn't leave you with a definitive answer of what went wrong with either Peter or Josie. Was it a combination of years of torment along with his personality? Was it PTSD or some other mental illness? Though Peter is still alive after his rampage, and testifies at trial, he might as well have died for all the answers we are given. It's as though Ms. Picoult thought of all the reasons the other school shooters might have done it, but in the end still couldn't say what made them pull the trigger.
B000O76T9A|4.0|The second time around can be better, and in this case, it was!  Just superb all around, and if you liked X-Men, you will like X2!  The storyline was strong, the cast remained the same and brought more to their roles this time.    One minor complaint: please give Halle something to sink her teeth into!  Give a bigger nod to the comic fans with Storm!
B000NVIXFK|4.0|I'll admit to being a die hard Rush fan.  And everytime I listen to this CD, I find more to like.  But I can't give it five stars, because as a whole, it's not their greatest work.  When recording for Vinyl LP's, Rush was always able to put together a collection of 8 to 10 great songs.  Once the CD became the main music medium, they seem to struggle more and more to put together a strong, larger collection of music.  Case in point, Snakes and Arrows has 3 instrumentals!  Although all are good, they amount to no more than filler.  One last rant before I'm done:  It seems like they recorded the album, decided that 'Far Cry' would be the main 'radio play' song, and then re-recorded and/or re-mixed it.  It doesn't have the same feel as the rest of the album.
B000AYELVA|4.0|So many movies from comics drag out the story, veer into disbelief, lack storyline, storyflow, or believability, or leave so many holes and gaps in the story that you wish you'd just read the comics and shot the director and writers of the movie.    Not so with X-Men!  For once, just the right touch!  Not overplayed, not underplayed, told us enough to make the story believable, didn't mire down in fantastical minutae, gave lots of nods to fans of the comics while making a movie that is appealing to most.    I did not give it five stars due to minor problems with the score, and one mis-cast of an actor which was mildly distracting.
0743454537|5.0|I thought My Sister's Keeper was a very touching story and well written. I just could not put this book down. I'll briefly review the book while ensuring that I don't spoil it for you if you haven't already the story. Ms. Picoult skillfully and beautifully told this story of a family that faces terrible tragedies. The mother Sara is determined to save her sick daughter, Kate from a rare form of leukemia by finding a bone marrow for a transplant operation. Desperate, Sara decides to conceive a baby that is genetically engineered to be a match for Kate. Anna, is born and at thirteen she is a healthy girl, but has to donate her body to Kate, her sister. When she is pushed to far, Anna fights back for the right to make her own choices about her body. She seeks legal help and I'll end my review here. In summary, I just thought that this book was riveting, and brilliantly written. About midway I was reading page after page, I just couldn't put it down! I was pulled into this story immediately because 13 year old Anna was so alive and thoughtful. I identified closely with her, but also with all the characters. The author's switching between points of view also helped to understand the story. Without hesitation, I would recommend this book to all my friends.
B000GIXEIG|4.0|This movie will not leave you comfortably in your seat; we watched this as a large group, and had varied reactions.  Some hated the movie because it lacked the finesse of major Hollywood blockbusters, while others cried foul! that such a job would have ruined the telling of this tale.    The scenery is simply stunning and deserves five stars for itself.  Hats off to whomever picked Iceland, it gave the movie an entire other-worldly feel from the first frame.    If you are looking for quick and slick brainless and mindless drivel, don't bother to watch.  However, if you want to watch Beowulf come to life in a modern, stark telling that will be bold and challenging to moviegoers, then take a good look at this movie.    Best parts:  the scenery, the casting.  Worst parts:  some language seemed too contrived (very little).    And there was a good surprise at the end, if you're not familiar with the various Beowulf legends.
B000QEIOUS|5.0|This was always one of my favorite movies and was glad to see it finally come out on HD-DVD. The transfer was great, providing crisp clear visuals. Soundtrack transfer is ver good as well.
1594489505|5.0|Two women of different backgraounds, unequal in education but peers in perception, strength and resolve, grow, bond and mature while buffetted by the social forces and the chaotic history of Afghanistan in the last thirty and more years. The characters, truly foreign to us Western readers, are minutely developed. They become people we care about, their feelings become ours, their situations inform our moods. \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns\\" takes us to interior spaces where the more plot-driven \\"Kite Runner\\" never went; in many ways I find it a superior work, good as that first novel was. The writing is now more austere, more terse, yet no less beautiful, perceptive, and gripping. The personal melodrama is skillfully interwoven with the historical elements, one never becomes the excuse for the other like a willful interpolation of \\"local color.\\" The personal and the historical are always perfectly integrated as it would have been for the unfortunate many who lived through those times. Notwithstanding the charged scenario, this is a subtle, measured book, which gradually becomes a page turner, and eventually wrings your heart. I read more non-fiction than novels, and cannot remember the last time I cried.  My eyes overflowed during the final pages of \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns.\\"
B000004756|5.0|They are all wonderful acoustic recordings. In my humble opinion this is the best of the set. The Paco, Al, and John synergy is hard to surpass.
B000000OTY|5.0|I actually wanted to buy the DVD of the concert but I kept it anyway. Now I can enjoy it in the car as well.
B000E41MRC|5.0|Other reviews and endless, boring commentaries will tell you the history you probably already know about this film, so I will get on to the heart of the matter.  In this beautifully conceived and executed piece of filmaking you will experience a phenomenon unknown to our own time:  A people united, uplifted and bound together in a common enthusiasm for their future.  Hope, joy and beauty expressed and then captured on film.  It is sentimental; it remembers the dead of the great world war . . and it exhalts at the resurrection.  The sometimes moving, sometimes stirring musical score is artfully set to a variety of expressive visuals, from spontaneous crowds of the every-man to choreography and movement of the camera, all created and assembled to give you a unique experience to linger with.  The speeches by various dignitaries and officials may be sat through with curiosity, perhaps even patience, as we today will have to focus a little harder to understand them and what each is talking about.  Forget the hopeless, corny nonesense which insists this film is propaganda.  Simply enjoy, for a moment, what WE have not had since that time, in the post-war world of the west.  We search for and are anxious to find for ourselves a union of happy, enthusiastic people.  What you will see in this film is increasingly elusive for us today.  You will enjoy the experience this film brings to you, whoever you are, wherever you are from; this was it's intention, and it will forever succeed.
B00008977N|5.0|Turn the volume of the home theater system loud and kick back. Sometimes I catch myself smiling, sometimes tears almost come to my eyes, sometimes it gives me the shivers ... Wonderful performance.
B000FVQYYK|5.0|come on, people...face it.  radiohead?  they could never do this music.  too complex...too powerful.  radiohead is a stoner band...drifting...all about feel and pulse...  muse is very different.  they are consumate musicians and the precision here is absolutely stunning.
159562015X|5.0|I purchased 4 copies of this book for my family. I  was amazed at how seemingly simple questions could reveal each of our individual strengths, and explain how these characteristics ARE strengths. Each of us felt as though the test results 'hit the nail on the head.' For me, there was one characteristic that I had seen as somewhat of a weakness. The book showed me that it was a strength that I should expand on, not a weakness at all! Strengthfinders is a very valuable tool to help realize how to use your natural strengths to make an impact in every day life-- at work, at school, at home, at church. I'm giving this book to everyone I know for Christmas this year!
0767811070|4.0|SAD THIS LETS YOU KNOW SOMETHING LIKE THIS HAPPENS ALL EVEN THOU YOU NEVER HEAR ABOUT IT.
B000VAPZM2|4.0|This sequel to High School Musical features the same stars as the first film and nearly the same plot. Once again, high school hunk Troy (Zac Efron) ponders whether he should stick to the stuff he knows (in this case, the sweet Gabriella), the conniving Sharpay wants him there beside her, and eventually everyone learns that they're all in this together. OK, that wasn't fair. That's also the plot of \\"Grease,\\" and for that matter, nearly every other teen musical.<br /><br />In this case, though, I couldn't help feeling let down. Unlike the original ([[ASIN:B000F2BNW2 High School Musical (Encore Edition)]]), this film breathes not a breath of fresh air. It is, in essence, just a clone of its mama. If you loved the first film you'd like this one -- it has the same feel-good bounce -- but I bet you won't be watching it as often.<br /><br />So why four stars? The music. It's better! \\"You Are The Music In Me\\" is a sincere, catchy duet by Gabriella and Troy (Vanessa Hudgens and Zac Efron) that uses a gospel chorus to rise above nearly everything ever cranked out by today's dime-a-dozen pop tarts. \\"Everyday\\" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church. \\"I Don't Dance\\" boogies along like an old big-band number, while the staccato boy-band rocker \\"Bet On It\\" (Troy) recalls the best of Michael Jackson. Finally, \\"All for One\\" is a hand-clapping shout-out that hints, a little, at Sheryl Crow's \\"Soak in the Sun.\\" The soundtrack is available here: [[ASIN:B000QCTGIE High School Musical 2]].<br /><br />Why \\"Extended Edition'? Because an additional music scene has been integrated into the film: the musical number Troy and Sharpay rehearse. The scene features Sharpay playing a pineapple princess looking for her \\"fresh fish prince\\" in the Polynesian fantasy  \\"Humuhumunukunukua'pua'a.\\"  Bonus features include a sing-along feature, rehearsal footage and music videos.<br /><br />One final note: Though this DVD is in fullscreen, [[ASIN:B000VASG3M the Blu-ray version]] is widescreen.[[ASIN:B000VASG3M the Blu-ray version]] is widescreen.
1594489505|5.0|I could not put \\"Kite Runner\\" down, and I had my doubts that his second book could be as good...........it is.  Couldn't put it down.
0060574216|2.0|The reasons why this book gets two stars from me:      POSITIVE:     - Gray did make a few good, common sense points: Do nice things for your partner, don't try to fix your partner, be direct in making requests.    - Some real-life examples are true to life (such as the wife who keeps trying to coax an answer to \\"Is anything wrong?\\" out of her mate.)      NEGATIVE    - Gray is extremely self-righteous, which is very annoying.     - The book is VERY repetitive, which makes it hard to read.     - The Mars/Venus analogy gets annoying after a while.     - His gender assumptions are extremely rigid, without much room for individuality.     - Some of his examples are hair-raising: he tells the story of how his wife tore giving birth, and ran out of pain killers a week after delivery. When he came home from work, she told him that she was in pain all day and felt abandoned. His reaction? He exploded, shouted at her, and stormed off. What normal man would do such a thing??    - His dislike for the word \\"could\\" is hard to explain. He claims that \\"could\\" must be replaced with \\"would\\", or the husband will not respond to any requests.     - He claims that it is natural and important for women to fall into deep depression regularly where childhood issues resurface and she has nohing left to give this world. If her man does not support her, she will fall into a panic. WHAT?!?     - His phrase dictionary is plain ridiculous. Here is an example: If a woman says \\"I am so tired, I can't do anything\\" a man will hear \\"...Picking you was a big mistake\\" unless he has read Gray's true interpretation. Uh-huh!    - The most offensive part of the book, though, is this assertion in the introduction: \\"About 10 percent of women will relate more to being from Mars. This is often simply a result of being born with higher testosterone levels than most other women.\\" WHAT?!? If my readers don't agree with me, then they have a hormonal problem? This statement is unsubstantiated, false, nonsensical, and brazen. Interestingly, he does not address the fact that some men may not find themselves in these pages, either.     Overall, the book deserves two stars, considering that it had a little bit of merit to it.
6305692572|2.0|Let's see...Meg Ryan's character is a boozer who physically abuses one of her daughters, drives drunk with both daughters in the car & forgets one at a shopping center. She goes to rehab, quits drinking, but is now chain-smoking. She's rarely home as she goes to AA meetings constantly. Her husband, who is trying to help her the best he can, is the villain-what?    The two then separate. Andy Garcia's character starts going to Al-anon, works HIS program, & the two reunite-one happy AA family. Jeez, this movie could have driven Billy Sunday to drink.
