B001MS7IBS|5.0|Yes, Fringe rips off X-Files, but, you know the old saying, everyone steals from everyone in hollywood (or music, or literature, or....)<br /><br />Fringe is like X-Files 2 but with better acting.  Characters don't get into five minute monologues trying to explain their quest for the truth. Their might be a few bad acting moments but this series really shines compared to most of the crap that is out there.  The effects are well done and they've laid the ground work for some fun with the overall back story.<br /><br />I find it actually more enjoyable that they have not tried to introduce sexual tension between the characters.  The characters are memorable, and this show is really worth your time.<br /><br />Very much looking forward to watching it on Blu-Ray in very high quality audio/video and without the commercial interruptions.
0061150142|3.0|The topic of this book is teenage suicide, so it is not a warm and fuzzy novel. I love reading Jodi Picoult, but this was not one of her best works. I understood the loneliness of the heroine in the novel, but I could not understand why she felt suicide was the only way. This story felt incomplete somehow, like there was something Mrs. Picoult was leaving out. By the end of the book, even the romance felt tainted. The surprise at the end of the novel was that there is no surprise, no explanation, no satisfaction. Just an ok read for me.
B001DJ7PR8|2.0|Good character study but not nearly as funny as I expected; especially with Cruz winning the Oscar for best supporting actress in a comedy.
B00005QCYC|3.0|Not to long ago, I got the Jurassic Park Adventure Pack (all three movies in one package) at Best Buy for $5 on sale. But when I saw this set out there, with that mythical 'Bonus Disc', I jumped at the opportunity to get it as well. Now that I have it, though- I'm not entirely sure it was worth the money.    The boxed set contains the three Jurassic Park movies in their original cases, along with the bonus disc 'Beyond Jurassic Park' in a forth case. The three movies are just how they would be if you bought them all seperate, with all of the original features and extras one each disc.     Now when you start up 'Beyond Jurassic Park', the screen is split into three parts: one for each movie. You select the one you want, and it takes you to a sub menu with the few features they have for each movies. There are a few goodies in there, like an interview with Michael Crichton, but the making of specials really don't compare to the extras that are found on the orignal movie discs. As a matter of fact, for 'The Lost World', I'm pretty sure they just edited out a few things from the original extras to make this one. you also get storyboards and a few other interesting things, but all in all it's a bit of a let down.    I love these movies. Heck, Jurassic Park was the first movie I ever bought, and I've owned a copy of every single release that has been made (both VHS, the DVD's when they were originally released, the Adventure Pack and now this set). The movies themselves are about 3-4 stars each. But do yourselves a favor: go get the Adventure Pack instead. It's cheaper and just as satisfying as this set.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've never heard of Julian Michaels until I read all the other comments on Amazon.com and since she got rave reviews, I decided to give the DVD a try. All I can say is OH MY GOD, this DVD is awesome. I have never felt so exhausted (after working out for 20-minutes) since the military! The workouts are intense and will challenge you. The moves are unsophisticated but extremely effective. Let me give you an example of how hard this video is: I am an active person who works out four times a week. I just did the video yesterday and I am very sore (especially my arms and back)! I can already tell that I'm going to achieve results using this video so I encourage anyone who seeks results, wants to shred pounds, or wants to get chiseled--I highly recommend that you purchase this video. Trust me when I tell you that it will be money well spent!
0783225482|5.0|Very satisfied....product arrived as scheduled and in perfect condition! Will order from provider again. Thank you!
B0012GMXYM|2.0|With his sixth studio release, 1974's BORBOLETTA, Carlos Santana finally ran out of things to say - musically, lyrically, atmospherically or in any way that mattered. The beautiful cover of this album is by far its strongest element, and the butterfly makes an ironically apt symbol for a collection which contains the last few fragile flutterings of a great career on its headlong rush into slick, superficial pop mediocrity - where, with very few exceptions, it has remained ever since.     Sure, there are some passable jams (\\"Flor de Canela,\\" \\"Promise of a Fisherman\\") and pretty, sleep-inducing passages (\\"Canto de los Flores,\\" \\"Aspirations\\") among the dross here; but who really cares anymore? The pseudospiritual nonsense of numbers like \\"Give and Take,\\" \\"Practice What You Preach\\" and (worst of all) \\"Mirage\\" is what sets the tone of this set, and no amount of flashy fingerwork or reverb can redeem it. At best, this is a reasonably good half an album of instrumentals - which themselves really just explore overworked territory once again - balanced with a group of schmaltzy (if tightly played) MOR songs that are almost laughable in their sophomoric feel-good philosophizing. Fans of the later, even more commercial Santana sound may be impressed, and older loyalists can probably find an agreeable nugget or two by skipping around the more painful stretches; I myself, however, consider it more rewarding to switch the covers of this album and WELCOME and pretend that that's how they were released in the first place.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is a fantastic board game !! I used to love monopoly, but this puts it to retirement. I played with a number of friends, and it gets so addicting afterwards. It doesn't consume a lot of time, and the interaction in the game is superb. It makes a great gift too
1423101472|5.0|the book was in excellent condition.  My son read this book cover to cover in two days.  great book !
B000J10ER4|4.0|First point, I enjoyed this movie. Not as good as the first or second I'll give it that, but not terrible as an extreme fan would say. You probably know what this movie is about from the product description, but if not then I'll break down the movie for you.    Superman returns, like the title say, from a trip in space to look at the remains of Krypton.     A lot of people have criticized this, but then again, I felt that it would be weird if he didn't because in the end i can understand and defend him. He's the last of his kind, it's not easy, and take into account this movie doesn't count the flop that was Supergirl. Of course he wants to go out there because he hopes to find someone who survived the destruction so it makes him mortified to see the place where he was born as nothing but a dead ruin.     After coming back to the Daily Planet he finds that things have changed, the woman he loves, Lois Lane has a man and is with child. Of all those msot hurt by his sudden departure is Lois and she refuses to even get involved in him and his journey back to her heart mirrors the popularity of superman with our own hearts.     How we forget him and sometimes expect too much of him or hate him because he is so powerful and I find that this reminds me what it was like to first dismiss superman as i grew up and then to realize how good it was to admire him. True her performance leaves something to be desired if not a lot, but she is the weak link.     Then comes the show stealer Lex Luthor played for gusto by Kevin Spacey. Now everyone says Gene Hackman's better, I kind of like Spacey better because he's kind of intimidating and incorporates something more menacing. Too bad he's out to use Superman's crystals for a somewhat brilliant land prospecting scheme, which I do agree is kind of lame. It's ingenious in what he does witht he crystals and his schemes are more proactive and really he's more of a criminal mastermind in this one than Gene Hackman's Lex Luthor ever was.Really if you're not that person who is just diehard extremist over things like that, you might like Kevin Spacey better. Also his bumbling cousin/henchman is replaced by what I call a trophy girl, who provides some assistance in his schemes. I also like how he uses the wigs for disguises and not as one would wear when they are ashamed of having no hair, in fact from his entrance scene, which was done so well to make menacing and he really steals the show with his style that is a good successor to Gene Hackman. Let's face it people, there is a new Luthor.     Now Brandon Routh is a decent Superman, not as commanding as Cristopher Reeve's Superman was, but not terrible as most of the extremists say. In fact the reason I made this review is because those extremists put out these reviews which sounds like the angry rants of religious groups. Now there are some who are right in their opinion and have given this movie good thought, while others just wanted to get on a screw this movie bandwagon. There are some parts where it seems like he tries too much to be Cristopher Reeve and really I think it would be better if he did his own thing because he still shows himself to be a decent Superman. There is potential you have to note and in the next one I hope to see more of him working into Superman.     The big problem with the movie besides the noir type style that gets too dark for a Superman movie, but the big problem is that this movie doesn't try to be different for the ones before it, the good ones. Now it has some potential but it only goes so far as the others and doesn't know where to go afterwards. Kevin Spacey's Luthor seemed too big to be contained in a land prospecting scheme, no matter how clever it sounds and the fact that it would be a good commodity. Superman does very little with his strength besides the final act and he really needs an opponent or scheme that will be worthy of such magnificence, we have the technology for it.     All in all, it's not asgood as one or two, those are five star movies no matter what cut in my opinion, but this movie is better than 3 and freacking lightyears better than 4. Give it an open mind and you might feel how good it is to have Superman in your life.
B001GSV3EC|5.0|Rolling Stone might rank him 14 in the all time greats, but this DVD shows a brilliant guitarist and musician producing an incredibly  wonderful audio performance in the context of a cabaret setting that is a also a fascinating visual experience. It is complemented with an after-match interview that gives life to a Syd Barrett-like genius. Audio-wise, it is jazz/rock/blues that is wonderful and variable background music at times for dining, at times cranked up to max volume while one moves about the house doing bloody housework, or when one just sits and takes off with. Pick your tracks. Incredible sounds and slickness that even excede Rory Gallagher, and that differentiate him from Clapton's rolling blues, and that show why this reclusive or socially avoidant character is arguably the greatest guitar wrencher of all time. Subtle blues/jazz and sheer raw musical noise. His feeling for blues and jazz is very clear and wonderfully demonstrated. The visual is fascinating, showing a public-shunning odd fellow interacting with his loved and fantastic band. The rhythmical and striking drums, the slick and blues drenched keyboards and sublime bass all make a wonderful \\"evening\\". Check out a brief moment on Angie when the student(bass player Tal Wilkenfield) moves close to the mentor, and Beck briefly reaches across to the neck of her guitar and controls a few beats. Cute. He can do small room, close company, big sound. Interesting too, this background man does a voice. Of course he can't sing (Rod Stewart and Truth certainly compensated for that) but the interview was fascinating. Mmmm. Not sure about Jeff and Eric, but I think Jeff and Jimmy were on the same Page, excuse the pun. Tracks? All so different,and rich. He always went for sick over slick. I'm a old rocker and jazz is less familiar so I'll show my colours. Beck's Bolero opening is a warmer and shows Jimmy's admiration, and he was there in the audience. And Lennon's A Day in the Life, well who the hell would trysuch a piece of poetry, but it rolled beautifully. (Hey, those who know New Zealand, try fantastic musician David Kilgour, ex-Clean, and poet Sam Hunt for the CD, really good). The two guest female vocal tracks seemed almost out of place, but nice. And the two with Eric were great but didn't need to be there? In short, buy this to hear, watch and learn....and enjoy. Remarkable.
1591396190|5.0|An outstanding strategy book that challenges Porter Competitive startegy. It sets new dimension of open the market place and makes the competition un-relevant
B001U7FWM8|5.0|Grizzly Bear can do no wrong, and this album is just further proof of that. If this band ever quits making music, I'm gonna go all Van Gogh on my ears and join a monastery.
B001FB55HG|3.0|The fourth entry of the franchise \\"Terminator Salvation\\" is, like some of the recent Hollywood blockbuster films, heavy on action, and light on story and characters. There are lots of actions, and while I admit most of them are more than satisfactory, greatly helped by the latest CG technology, I am very disappointed with the film's dull story. Having recently seen James Cameron's terrific \\"Judgment Day,\\" I couldn't help feeling that after all the best part of the whole \\"Terminator\\" series is behind us.     The newest \\"Terminator\\" film is set in the year 2018. John Conner is back, played by Christian Bale, as a resistance group leader in the post-apocalypse war against the deadly robots created by Skynet computer system. I won't repeat here what happened in the previous three \\"Terminator\\" films (I haven't seen the TV series) because most people remember (I hope) the basic storyline of the series. John Conner is to save the human species; to save him you have to save young, inexperienced Kyle Reese (Anton Yelchin), who is to go back through time and be John's father.     \\"Terminator Salvation\\" (credited writers, John D. Brancato and Michael Ferris) heavily relies on this logic - Kyle must be saved. The logic is correct, but fails to engage on any emotional level. Despite very intense acting from Christian Bale, the character of John Conner looks so flat. A new character is introduced, one Marcus Wright (impressive Sam Worthington, to be seen in James Cameron's \\"Avatar\\"). He first appears in death row (with the ailing doctor played by Helena Bonham Carter) in the brief introductory, pre-apocalypse sequence, and he plays a key role in the subsequent scenes, it is certain, but the \\"mystery\\" surrounding him is not very interesting.     Bryce Dallas Howard, Moon Bloodgood, and veteran Jane Alexander appear, but unlike the strong female characters James Cameron likes to depict (like Linda Hamilton), none of the characters they play is memorable. The film also includes somenods to the previous \\"Terminator\\" films, most notably, one Guns 'N Roses song and the \\"I'll be back\\" line, which may make you cringe.    To his credit, director McG (\\"Charlie's Angels\\") handles the action sequences competently though the actions themselves sometimes look over-the-top and ridiculously exaggerated. Another merit is the effective cinematography of Shane Hurlbut, which captures the gloomy atmosphere of the bleak world destroyed by the massive nuclear war. \\"Terminator Salvation\\" is an enjoyable ride though you may forget it the moment you leave the theater.
0805047905|5.0|My daughter loved this book for months.  We started reading it to her when she was about 6 months old (or younger) and by 12 months she was identifying many of the animals and colors along with us.  At 19-months its not her favorite book, but she still asks us to read it from time to time.
B000UR9QGW|2.0|title says it all, the movie is a classic, but the source material (film, very old, very cheap, film) shows all of its flaws.  Grainy, dark (or badly contrasted), and frustrating to watch.  I'd rather watch my VHS copy than this one again.  I love the movie, but this one BADLY NEEDED CLEANING before it was put on blu-ray
B001TODCII|5.0|Must SEE kind of movie, great actors, lots of action, very interesting story line. Very recommended.
0446677450|5.0|This book makes sense.  He is not selling you a service.  He is telling you how to become rich, if you follow through to what he says!!
B001TODCII|5.0|A slow beginning, but picks up fast as the movie progresses. The father is driven by time limit in order to get his daughter back. The extended - edition has a couple of scenes not on the original length film. Very good movie.
B0013FNC38|5.0|The album is excellent as is everthing I order from Amazon.    Thanks for the great service.
B0015LBIZO|4.0|This is one cool box set if you are a fan of Portishead. Even though I already owned the album on cd, for only $20 this limited edition was worth paying for just to have as a collectors item. The whole set it packaged really nicely, and the etched vynil looks great. This set is definitely worth showing off! I only wish I would have received one of the numbered ones, however those are really hard to come by...
006079383X|5.0|There are a number of books that every investor needs to read.  This is one of the classics.      Julie Jason  Author  * The AARP Retirement Survival Guide  * Managing Retirement Wealth
0743497465|5.0|Both _DaVinci Code_ and _Angels and Demons_ left me cold -- too contrived.  So I picked up _Deception Point_ only because my husband recommended it.  It grabbed me within a few paragraphs and I was fascinated by the scientific and technical aspects that Dan Brown states are already in use.  The characters are strongly drawn and the plot flies.  Mixing political realities with science is so real in our 21st century world that it reads more like a non-fiction tale than a novel.  Loved it!
0060555661|5.0|Why is \\"The Intelligent Investor\\" an investment book that even professional money managers read?  Because it is timeless classic (updated nicely by Jason Zweig) that enhances knowledge without promising the impossible.        Do-it-yourselfers looking for a quick get-rich-quick fix should look elsewhere.
B00005JKG9|3.0|This is a great movie for anyone interested in finding out about old school sales techniques and old school call centers. It can teach you about sales.
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|wild plot but this could happen-I will have the last word if you screw over me
B000VFGQUC|5.0|This is Thin Lizzy at their peak and at their best! One of the best rock groups in the 70's and 80's.  Live and Dangerous was recorded live at the Rainbow sometime in 1977/1978. NTSC, Dolby digital, dts digital surround. Vivid picture and sound. This is the most famous line-up of Thin Lizzy; Phil Lynott on bass and vocals, Brian Robertson on guitar, Scott Gorham also on guitar and Brian Downey on the drums. The songs are;    1. Introduction/Rosalie 2. The boys are back in town 3. Emerald 4. Dancing in the moonlight 5. Massacre 6. Still in love with you 7. Don't believe a word 8. Are you ready 9. Sha la la 10. Baby drives me crazy 11. Finale/Me and the boys    (Additional concert) Sight and Sound In-Concert at Hitchin Regal Theater on 26th Jan 1983 with John Sykes as replacement for Brian Robertson on guitar and additional musician Darren Wharton on keyboards.   Songs are;  1. Jailbreak 2. This is the one 3. Cold sweat 4. The sun goes down 5. Holy war 6. The boys are back in town 7. Rosalie 8. Baby please don't go    Top of the Pops  1. Whiskey in the jar - 1973 (with Eric Bell on guitar), 2. Jailbreak 3. Dancin in the moonlight 4. Waiting for an alibi (with Gary Moore and Mark Nauseef) 5. Don't believe a word.    In addition to the above there was a 2007 interview with Brian Robertson, Brian Downey and Scott Gorham.    There is also a bonus CD which is live from Derby in 1975. Songs are 1. Fighting 2. Wild One 3. Still in love with you 4. Suicide 5. Sha la la 6. Baby drives me crazy 7. Me and the boys.    Now stop reading and place your order at Amazon.com.     This dvd is a must for Lizzy enthusiasts all over the world.
B001NOMNZW|4.0|This movie is about Troy who struggles with the dilemma of whether to play basketball or sing all while trying to keep his girlfriend. Pretty much, it's the same thing as High School Musical 1.<br /><br />I wont knock the movie for having a trivial story because high school kids care about trivial things. My biggest problem is, none of the characters seem to have grown at all since the first movie. Troy still doesn't know what he wants to do, Sharpay is still a back stabbing creep, and Gabriella is still the airhead girlfriend she was in the first film. The only difference here is, this is senior year and they leave each other in the end.<br /><br />The musical numbers are all very well done. The main star of the movie is the choreographer who has to handle all the 30 year old dancers pretending to be 18 year olds. The songs are pretty good but they're not really all that memorable. I doubt kids that watch this today will be singing these songs when they're adults. This is not Grease. But it is good clean fun and it's nice to see young people interested in musicals.<br /><br />I wish the songs weren't so incredibly over produced. Every time they start singing, it doesn't sound like they're in the real world anymore. It sounds like they're in a studio. Especially Vanessa Hudgens who sounds like her voice had to be worked over in a computer. But it still sounds whiny and nasal. Contrast this movie with Hairspray. In that movie the musical numbers just seemed to fit and blend in with the story and not seem like music videos.<br /><br />However, the movie was still very enjoyable and I would recommend it for young people. Better they see movies about kids going off to college than movies about drugs and sex.
B000C20VPA|5.0|Martin Scorsese is in the top tier of directors. Although \\"Casino\\" is not as memorable as \\"The Departed\\", \\"Goodfellas\\", and \\"Taxi Driver\\", it's still a great epic on a large scale. Scorsese, Robert De Niro, and Joe Pesci team up again for third time since \\"Raging Bull\\" and it never disappoints. Pesci and Sharon Stone stand out among the cast because De Niro is amazing as usual. If you're looking for something similar to \\"Goodfellas\\", check it out.
0385340575|5.0|Lee Child is the author of thirteen well-crafted, thrilling and interesting Jack Reacher thrillers. He is a master of his craft.<br />Reacher, a very tall and muscular ex-military police major, wanders from city to city, without any plan, where he stumbles on injustices inflicted upon people he feels obliged to help. He travels with what he can carry in his pockets, such as a clip-together tooth brush and an old expired passport. He changes cloths when necessary by buying previously used items, and throws away what he had worn. He knows how lodge in hotels for reduced prices, by offering night clerks a fraction of the regular price in cash late at night, so that the clerk earns money and Reacher has a place to wash, sleep, and \\"iron\\" his cloths by placing them under the mattress he is sleeping on.  He carries no watch because the clock in his head always knows the exact time, to the minute, even when he wakes from sleep or from being unconscious for hours after being stabbed. If Superman lost all his special powers and had human faults, he would be Reacher. Readers of both sexes find themselves liking this hero and enjoy following him through the twists and turns of his thrilling life.<br />Reacher has a keen insight into many things and readers find themselves intrigued by his explanations of arcane matters they never thought about. He understands people, both as individuals and in groups. He knows hand to hand combat, even how to defend himself from attacks by several people and uses this knowledge when necessary. He knows that four A.M. is the hour that most people are disconnected from reality and is a good time for an assault. He knows that attacks should be from a high level and how to use this knowledge. Lee Child tells us about his skills, and explains why Reacher is right in an interesting manner.<br />Unlike many mysteries where readers are not told all the facts, Child's style is to reveal everything that a normal person would see and Reacher's initial understanding of these facts. We tend to agree with his assessment; it is reasonable. Later, as Reacher rethinks about what he has seen, he draws a different interpretation, and this revision also seems plausible to us. These reassessments happen frequently, sometimes prompted by a new event, and each time what Reacher concludes seems reasonable to us.<br />Child frequently states that a person remained silent after something was said. This silence brings the readers' attention to the remark and moves readers to think about what was said and draws them into the tale.<br />In Gone Tomorrow, Reacher is in a New York subway some few hours after midnight. The temperature is warm. He sees a woman dressed in an overcoat who \\"undoubtedly\\" meets all of the dozen criteria devised by the Israeli Mossad for a bomb carrying terrorist. Reacher approaches her and tries to dissuade her out of killing so many people. But he is unsuccessful. She draws a gun and shoots herself. He then realizes that the dozen criteria also apply to a suicide. But do they also describe a different mind-set?<br />This simple scene raises many other questions. Did Reacher's efforts to save the subway and its inhabitants drive the woman to suicide? Why was she on a subway, an unusual place for a suicide? Why did one of the people on the subway disappear before the arrival of the police? Why did a federal agency involve itself in the affair? What agency is it? Why are the agency agents trying to persuade Reacher to abandon his interest in the matter?<br />Reacher feels compelled to resolve the woman's death. Despite repeated government attempts, some quite brutal, to stop him, he perseveres.  He is shot several times by government agents with tranquilizer guns and is assaulted with real bullets by others. Many interesting characters enter the story, delta forces, Al Qaeda, Afghanistan, a senator, a female cop who prefers not to be drawn into the affair and a male police officer whose nephew is kidnapped. Reacher is frequently frustrated in his attempts to find answers by the government invoking the Patriot Act instigated after 9/11.<br />This book holds the reader's interest throughout, without let up. It is an enjoyable read.acher is frequently frustrated in his attempts to find answers by the government invoking the Patriot Act instigated after 9/11.<br />This book holds the reader's interest throughout, without let up. It is an enjoyable read.
0060005696|3.0|The book is easy, but somewhat boring to read. While many of the studies it cites are interesting, a lot of the book is filled with extremely repetitive content.     For example the very beginning which lists items in a grocery store as an example of the excess of choice the average consumer faces, is very unnecessary.     Many of the studies are interesting, but the author covers them very fast.  Without going into too much detail, he may cover 6 different psychological studies about decision-making in 6 paragraphs.    Similarly he'll do the same thing with regard to regret, maximizing utility versus \\"satisficing\\", etc. When this goes on for two hundred pages or so, it really detracts from the take home message of the book.  Even re-reading a particular study, one wishes that he would focus on fewer studies and describe them much more vividly.     Or find a better way of tying the existing studies together.     The last chapter is an attempt to tie the entire book together. It is fairly short (about 10 pages or so), and is probably the best part about the book. Basically it summarizes would you should actually DO about having so many choices...     In all the book is worth reading, but it is nowhere near the spectacular book that many others make it out to be. Prepare to be slightly underwhelmed, but appreciative of some of its insights.     PS - I also read the book Stumbling on Happiness recently. Although the two authors cite similar studies, I would argue that the two books are fundamentally different. Both I would say are worth reading, and are 3/3.5 star books.
0060760273|5.0|This was my daughter's favorite story as a toddler and I couldn't resist giving it to her, with bunny, at her first baby shower!
B0017VG69U|4.0|A beautiful remastering work, although some of the episodes look quite  tacky today. Anyway it's still a lot of fun and my friends and I loved watching this timeless sci-fi series again.  The only technical \\"flaw\\" we found were the closed-captions which in many instances cut out a few letters at end of the lines, although it really didn't affect our understanding of the dialog, as we all understand English quite well (however, I don't know if could be a problem for those who actually have hearing impairment)
B001993Y3G|4.0|One of the reasons I've always liked this movie is its unique spin on the classic tale of Robin Hood. Same characters, different approach. Yes Costners' accent seems to come and go (although....really, who cares?), and yes it might be historically innaccurate, but all in all, it's just meant to be a fun, adventurous, and yes......romantic story. The supporting cast is great, the action scenes are very well shot, and the point of the story still shines through, good triumphs over evil, and there is a happy ending (with a cameo from Sean Connery). This film was, and has always been presented in a \\"friendly\\" widescreen format, as opposed to an anamorphic widescreen. The quality of the regular DVD on a tube tv is pretty decent, the quality of the Blu-Ray is the result of the original movie transfer, and is not going to be \\"Batman: The Dark Knight\\" quality (one of the best quality Blu-Rays to date), but it will look better on your HDTV than the remastered regular DVD Extended Version, which came out a few years ago.
0375701427|1.0|Philip Roth is among my favorite authors.  \\"Indignation,\\" for example, is a poem of a novel, its tragedy revealed deftly out of an integrity of creative invention and truth. \\"American Pastoral\\" is not--not a poem, not true, and absolutely not worth the schlep.    I appreciate a good caricature as well as anybody else, but I expect a caricature to reveal the truth, not murder it. Roth's portrayal of 60's radicals, through the eyes and manic obsessions of his character, Swede, is a massacre, a bloody mess. Where he might have shown us complexity in characterization, and insight into the rebellions surrounding the Vietnam war, he reveals instead his delusion, a lazy indulgence blamed on poor Swede, in service to his theme. Had Roth done as much research for his characters as he did for the glove business, perhaps he might have learned the most essential fact of all: 60's radicals rejected killing and murder as tactics. In fact, \\"none of the 24 deliberate bombings attributed to the Weather Underground resulted in deaths.\\"  ( [...])  Too bad he didn't do the research; he might have produced a better novel, one with real people in it.    I have to wonder if Roth saw Bill Ayers and Bernardine Dohrn on C-spa's In Depth a few weeks ago.  If so, I wonder if he squirmed in his seat, realizing what a mistake he'd made. These are real people, people of substance, not clichés drawn by some sidewalk illustrator of cultural propaganda.
0307346617|4.0|As more and more zombie books appear, its tough to make a decision as to where to start.  This novel is a great introduction to the world of zombies and a thoughtful and entertaining story.  The action moves quickly and the story is never dull. You won't be disappointed.
B000JQU1VS|5.0|English history is served up along with the amazing mystery stories.  I enjoy the pictures of daily life...the maid bringing in lunch to Holmes on a pre-arranged schedule, passing the street vendors and beggars, imagining the opium den frequented by addicts, vivid descriptions of period clothing, transportation and commerce slipped seamlessly into the tales.  I read this often to refresh the imagery in my mind.
B0001AVZA8|5.0|This is a hilarious movie. We ordered it. It came quickly, within a few days and it was a good price to pay. Need a laugh, buy this movie!
B00186K7EE|3.0|I remember watching this movie over and over as a child.  It's got great music vids.  But is not work $200.    Shame on you Amazon.  Pretty low thing to do to MJ fans.  Anyone who actually buys this for that amount is a moron.  Just grab it off torrents.
B000UX6THK|4.0|Fantastic show. The first season, and up to the resolution of it's central mystery is just amazing. Even when they reveal Laura's killer, the show still stayed interesting. The last several episodes were still good, even though you could tell that the heart of the show was missing. It's great television, and definitely worth your time if you're into quirky characters and black humor.
B000002LK1|5.0|Before the release of \\"Violator\\" in 1990, Depeche Mode was an alternative act with a huge cult following.  This album finally gave them the mass success they deserved.  \\"Violator\\" is a high-quality recording from start to finish.  There are no \\"album tracks\\" on this set, every single song stands on its own. There are solid love songs like \\"Blue dress\\" and \\"Waiting for the night\\".  They also talk about their experimentation with drugs in well crafted songs like \\"Sweetest perfection\\", \\"Clean\\", and \\"Enjoy the silence.\\"  Also included in \\"Violator\\" is the song \\"Policy of Truth\\" which, for me gives the best advice  any song has ever given on personal relationships.  What amazes me the most about the music on this set is that appears to be timeless.  The album came out almost twenty years ago and the songs continue to sound fresh, never dated.  This is an essential album.  If you are a music collector you have to experience this album.
1567184855|5.0|Let me thank the author for this book, for his important work.  How many of us live a life of fear simply because we have no idea what we are here for or what is going to happen after we die?  So much fear and hate and war could be eliminated if we all understood that the life after this one is filled with love and patience for all souls.  Earth is a place of learning.  Where we go when this life is over is called home.  Outstanding information.  Life-changing.  Thank you, Michael Newton.
1905654294|4.0|~~ I read the first 3 books, and found them entertaining, tho' clearly not fine literature. The thing that annoyed me most was Bella's incessant low-self-esteem \\"I'm so unworthy of him\\", and [shallow] harping on vampiric beauty. In this book, once she becomes a vampire, she finally realizes she IS good at something, and will be his equal -- Is that CHANGE part of the \\"loss of characterization\\" some swooning-type fans lament?<br />~~ I was LEAST satisfied with the first third, where her insistance on a still-mortal honeymoon (tho' it led to her otherwise-impossible pregnancy) seemed mere selfish foolishness, which forced her beloved to endure self-loathing and the need for extreme self-control = less enjoyment. Her attitude during pregnancy was credible given what true-life mortal mothers are willing to endure to have a child, but I mainly kept reading just to see what would come \\"after\\".<br />~~ On that subject, regarding her extraordinary self-control as a \\"newborn\\" vampire, which some found too \\"convenient\\", I don't find it especially improbable that someone changed when they have long been willing and forewarned, and prepared with specific determined goals to deal with the worst effects -- someone who enters their new state among a circle of loved and trusted family, instead of via violent assault or sudden desperation, facing the end of all their previous ties -- would handle the metamorphosis much better.<br />~~ As for Jacob's imprinting, there's clearly no \\"eww\\" factor YET. If I were the parent of an infant a Quileute wolf shape-shifter had imprinted on, I wouldn't worry at all until they hit their early teens (or in Renesmee's case, that comparable stage of physical maturity). I do admit there might conceivably be a problem recognizing when is, in fact, \\"old enough\\", mentally, emotionally, and physically, but when one is suspending disbelief to read of magical/mystical phenomena such as this, surely one can suspend it a little further?<br />~~ I very much enjoyed getting further insights into the werewolves' psychology and pack dynamics, and hearing the likable Jacob in first-person. The variety of vampires who answered the Cullens' call was also interesting in terms of personalities, cultures, and clan dynamics, tho' that was the one point I had a hard time believing: that the Quileutes would manage to accept the fact that all these visitors were killing regularly just a few hundred miles away. Bella didn't seem to have any problem being actual friends with some of them, either. The bits we learn about \\"real\\" werewolves, and the history of vampire-on-vampire warfare helped build a fuller picture of the series' supernatural foundations.<br />~~ The climax/resolution was a *little* too tidy in terms of Bella's starring role, and happy endings for [all], but I thought the way they foiled the Volturi was clever, not boring, since any actual battle would have been at unlikely best a Phyrric victory.<br />~~ Overall, I would rate this book a solid 3-1/2 stars, and I rounded up to counter some of the reflexive \\"pedophilophobics\\", swooners who miss the agony of lovers' separation, and those who think a confrontation is boring unless it gets physically violent. N.B. I'm posting this review on the other edition as well, since Amazon foolishly has them separated.<br />~~ It seemed such a CONCLUSION for the core duo, I'm not sure where she plans to go with Edward's book. I'd like to read more about the past and future of the South American hybrid(s) [instead]. We'll see whether she ever does their story.further insights into the werewolves' psychology and pack dynamics, and hearing the likable Jacob in first-person. The variety of vampires who answered the Cullens' call was also interesting in terms of personalities, cultures, and clan dynamics, tho' that was the one point I had a hard time believing: that the Quileutes would manage to accept the fact that all these visitors were killing regularly just a few hundred miles away. Bella didn't seem to have any problem being actual friends with some of them, either. The bits we learn about \\"real\\" werewolves, and the history of vampire-on-vampire warfare helped build a fuller picture of the series' supernatural foundations.   ~~ The climax/resolution was a *little* too tidy in terms of Bella's starring role, and happy endings for [all], but I thought the way they foiled the Volturi was clever, not boring, since any actual battle would have been at unlikely best a Phyrric victory.   ~~ Overall, I would rate this book a solid 3-1/2 stars, and I rounded up to counter some of the reflexive \\"pedophilophobics\\", swooners who miss the agony of lovers' separation, and those who think a confrontation is boring unless it gets physically violent. N.B. I'm posting this review on the other edition as well, since Amazon foolishly has them separated.   ~~ It seemed such a CONCLUSION for the core duo, I'm not sure where she plans to go with Edward's book. I'd like to read more about the past and future of the South American hybrid(s) [instead]. We'll see whether she ever does their story.
0553062182|5.0|As someone who often feels the need to lie down for awhile in silence after returning from any type of moderately noisy group activity (parties, meetings), this book was a revelation. Thoughtful, detailed and genuinely useful, it is a resource to which I've returned again and again over the years, whenever I'm feeling overwhelmed and misunderstood. I only wish the author could have avoided coining yet another syndrome (HSP); it's handy for marketing, I'm sure, but fails to convey the subtlety of the author's perceptions.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|\\"Up\\" is unusual for an animated movie because it celebrates the life and heroism of an elderly man, Carl Fredricksen, (voice by Ed Asner), a widower who fulfills his deceased wife's desire to go to Paradise Falls in South America. The movie traces the couple's meeting, their marriage, their life together, and her passing. Now in old age his house is the only one left in the middle of a big construction site. He refuses to sell the home because this was where he and wife Ellie lived.<br />Carl is a curmudgeon like Mr. Magoo who gets himself in trouble by physically reacting to the building guys trying to buy his house. He's going to be taken away to an institution and lose his house.<br />An eight-year-old boy, Russell a Wilderness Explorer Scout, comes to his house, hoping to earn a merit badge for assisting the elderly. The old grouch relents finally and gives the kid the make-work task of finding a bird, a snipe.<br />The night before they're going to take him away, Carl (he had been a balloon salesman) ties his house to thousands of balloons, and it flies away to Paradise Falls. He can navigate it like a blimp. When the house got pulled away from its foundation, Russell was trapped under the porch and is now airborne with Carl.<br />When they arrive at the Falls, Russell befriends a big rare bird, and a good dog joins them. Bad dogs with collars containing talking devices chase them led by an evil Doberman, Alpha.<br />At the beginning of the movie we see a Carl as a boy watching a movie newsreel about his hero Charles Muntz (voice of Christopher Plummer) who flies a dirigible on his explorations. At Paradise Falls Carl meets up with the now mad Muntz, controller of the scary dogs, who wants the big bird. Carl's childhood hero has become his nemesis.<br />Carl is resourceful and ingenious, but Russell is a klutz. As the movie progresses, the two are like action heroes performing unbelievable feats. The bond that develops between the old man and boy is a lasting one. Animated movies have come a long way: the stories have serious elements such as death, plots are more complex, the characterization is fuller and richer, and in this film the celebration of old-age is a great strength. This may be a breakthrough movie with its three-dimensional portrayal of a wily, courageous senior citizen.ave come a long way: the stories have serious elements such as death, plots are more complex, the characterization is fuller and richer, and in this film the celebration of old-age is a great strength. This may be a breakthrough movie with its three-dimensional portrayal of a wily, courageous senior citizen.
0679731725|5.0|Just as expected! No surprise. I would definitely buy from them again the book was in shape and they delivered on time.
B00243FQFA|3.0|Season Four of STARGATE ATLANTIS was the series at its best, in large part because the show shifted the emphasis away from episodic, standalone episodes, to serial, long story arc episodes.  Season Five, however, shifted increasingly back to the episodic format.  There were some longer story arcs, but sadly most of the episodes were standalone.  This isn't to say that there weren't some good individual episodes, but the show lacked the narrative cohesion that drove the previous season and made it so enjoyable.<br /><br />As with Season Four, a significant number of the best episodes involved the wraith Todd, as Dr. Keller created a genetic modification made it possible for wraiths to subsist on regular human food.  There were hints from time to time that this was leading to a dramatic realignment among the wraith, but this was never pushed to its logical conclusion.  This was symptomatic of the entire season, with a lack of story arcs that would bring the series to any kind of overall conclusion.  Given that they knew well before the end of the season that the series was not going to be renewed, one would have hoped for a better send off.<br /><br />In the end, the series was a show with a lot of unrealized potential.  They had a great concept with Atlantis, the Ancients, and the Wraiths, but the show was hurt by a failure to write strong long story arcs and by some weaknesses in the cast.  Joe Flanigan and David Hewlett were marvelous as Col. Sheppherd and Rodney McKay, but too few in the rest of the cast came up to their level, and most of the other characters were either weakly written or never really developed to the degree that one might have wished.  Still, the series as a whole did provide a good viewing experience.  I think five seasons is about the right number for most shows.  Most shows decline somewhat after that many seasons.  While ATLANTIS was not as interesting in Season Five as in earlier seasons, it hadn't gone on so long that it became unlikable.  And at its best, the show was a lot of fun, with some very good viewing moments.  And The Wraiths have to go down on the short list of the great bad guys in TV history.st, the show was a lot of fun, with some very good viewing moments.  And The Wraiths have to go down on the short list of the great bad guys in TV history.
B0000028M7|5.0|though their career was cut short, AIC never released a bad cd.this is dark,moody, heavyand the best of ALICE IN CHAINS short career. keep hearing about new release with new singer. let's hope.
B000MZHW40|4.0|Blood Diamond (Edward Zwick, 2006)<br /><br />There are good actors and there are bad actors, but rarely has one person embodied both as well as Leonardo DiCaprio. And oddly, there's a sharp dividing line between the good and the bad, and that, of course, is Titanic. Before 1997, it seemed DiCaprio was incapable of making a bad movie. They weren't all brilliant by any stretch of the imagination (The Basketball Diaries, really), but he was always brilliant in them. Then came Titanic, as awful a blockbuster as has come down the pike in ages, and DiCaprio's career sank faster than that stupid boat. I spent nine years after that wondering what in the world had happened to the actor I'd once thought was the best thing since Johnny Depp. And then, my god, 2006. Leo, you are forgiven for every overblown and undertalented performance from Titanic to The Aviator for giving us The Departed and Blood Diamond in the same year. While, once again, neither was a great film, DiCaprio has once again shown the acting chops that made my jaw drop in such films as What's Eating Gilbert Grape?, Total Eclipse, and, yes, Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet.<br /><br />For all that DiCaprio's presence was touted in this flick, however, he's not the main character. That would be Solomon Vandy (Djimon Hounsou, recently of Push, nominated for an Oscar for his role here), a fisherman in Sierra Leone, by the Revolutionary United Front, rebels who are supporting their war against the government by the sale of blood diamonds (which these days go under the more euphemistic name of \\"conflict diamonds\\"; of course, this removes us from the idea that people shed blood for them) and set to work in the diamond mines. While Solomon is working in the mines, two very big things happen: first, his son is also abducted by the RUF, and second, he finds a large, rare pink diamond and hides it from the RUF. Through various machinations, he is rescued from the mines and taken to prison in Freetown. Enter Danny Archer (DiCaprio), a Rhodesian mercenary involved in the arms-for-diamonds trade. He had a cache of diamonds taken from him when he was thrown into prison, and he's sure that his contact on the arms side of the deal, Colonel Coetzee (Fire & Ice's Arnold Vosloo), will be looking for reparation. He hears a guard from the mine taunting Vandy about the diamond, and comes up with a plan. This involves getting Vandy sprung from prison and offering to help him find his family again in exchange for the diamond. That requires the services of someone who knows how to find people, and in this case, that's reporter Maddy Bowen (Requiem for a Dream's Jennifer Connelly). Once the three of them get together, things start going wrong, not only among their little group, but with outside forces as well. Nothing can ever be easy--and let's not forget that while he doesn't know it, we know that Solomon's son Dia (Kagiso Kuypers in his first feature role) has also been taken by the RUF...<br /><br />Perhaps the most interesting thing about this cast is that every major player is known for inconsistency in acting prowess. It's already been addressed in DiCaprio's case. Hounsou has been nominated for Academy Awards both for this and for In America, but, really. Constantine? Or even worse, Aragon? And for every Dark City and Requiem for a Dream, Connelly's resume, there's a Hulk. My hypothesis is that all three of them are more tractable for certain directors (though obviously I don't know this for sure). Zwick, of course, is a director well-known for pulling the last ounce of greatness out of an actor; after all, it was Zwick's Glory who took an affable TV and character actor named Denzel Washington and made him into an A-list superstar. His Leaving Normal was one of the highlights of Meg Tilly's acting career; Legends of the Fall, while not well-received upon release, has become an enduring favorite of Brad Pitt fans. This is a guy who knows what he's doing in the director's chair. Charles Leavitt's screenplay is both well-researched and snappy (though it's been said by some Sierra Leoneans who have seen the film that while it's generally accurate, it should be remembered that this sort of thing is only a small part of the greater story of the Sierra Leonean civil war), never degenerating into It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, Sierra Leonean style, as it so easily could. And Eduardo Serra's cinematography... oh, my. (I'll put it this way: it was good enough to get him tabbed as the cinematographer on Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. Both parts.) James Newton Howard's score was nominated for a Grammy, for pete's sake. There are all kinds of reasons to appreciate this movie, and few to complain about it (the ending, coincidentally, puts one in mind of Double Indemnity, reviewed above, and has that same artificially-noble feel to it); even if you've always hated Leonardo DiCaprio's acting (and I have always found that those who do were unaware that he made movies before Titanic, which is kind of like not knowing about Keanu Reeves' pre-Bill and Ted output), this is one to check out. Maybe it'll change your mind, and let you see what the rest of us have known all along. ****well-researched and snappy (though it's been said by some Sierra Leoneans who have seen the film that while it's generally accurate, it should be remembered that this sort of thing is only a small part of the greater story of the Sierra Leonean civil war), never degenerating into It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, Sierra Leonean style, as it so easily could. And Eduardo Serra's cinematography... oh, my. (I'll put it this way: it was good enough to get him tabbed as the cinematographer on Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. Both parts.) James Newton Howard's score was nominated for a Grammy, for pete's sake. There are all kinds of reasons to appreciate this movie, and few to complain about it (the ending, coincidentally, puts one in mind of Double Indemnity, reviewed above, and has that same artificially-noble feel to it); even if you've always hated Leonardo DiCaprio's acting (and I have always found that those who do were unaware that he made movies before Titanic, which is kind of like not knowing about Keanu Reeves' pre-Bill and Ted output), this is one to check out. Maybe it'll change your mind, and let you see what the rest of us have known all along. ****
B000068QZK|5.0|This album is the sound of Ozzy rediscovering his metal roots, and creating a full blown heavy metal album. And about time to I say. Zakk Wylde is blistering on this record. His guitar absolutely dominates the sound - and all for the better actually, as it injects real drive and energy into the songs.  - Miracle Man, Bloodbath in Paradise, Devil's Daughter....they're all top drawer. And he saved the best to last. The original album closed with Demon Alcohol, an ode to his battles with the bottle.This is my most played OZZY cd.
0439023483|5.0|THIS BOOK WAS SO AWESOME THAT I COULD NOT STOP READING. I WENT TROUGH EVERY EMOTION FROM SHOCK, STRESS, FEAR, LOVE, ANGER, ALL THE WAY TO TEARS. I READ IT FOR HOURS ONE DAY AND WAS ALMOST LATE FOR CLASS. I FIRST RENTED IT FROM THE LIBRARY AND WITHIN 10 PAGES I KNEW I HAD TO BUY IT SO I WOULD NEVER HAVE TO GIVE IT BACK.
B001EOOQEM|5.0|While not\\"classic \\"BLACK SABBATH,this is the best recording that Dio has ever been associated with.This album is a masterpiece it has alot of classics like Neon Knight, Children Of The Sea, Heaven And Hell etc. It's pretty sad about the debate between Ozzy and Ronnie why bother debating their both great vocalists and both made history in rock/metal.
B001TOVZYQ|5.0|Great storyline and the fighting was amazing! Donnie Yen does an awesome job as the legendary Ip Man, and there are English subtitles!  This was the best 'kung fu' movie that i have seen in a while. Cant wait for part 2.
6304698798|5.0|came well before the delivery date. haven't watched it yet, so i can't comment on quality of product. the dvd was plain silver.
0887080154|5.0|My 2 year old grand-daughter loves this book. I don't necessarily read all the words but we look at the pictures and discuss it. It is one of her favorites.
B000JBWWRY|5.0|I would like to thank these people that carry these hard to find Disney classics.
0786856297|4.0|I ordered this book because of a recommendation on Stephenie Myer's website.  I've read other books that she's recommened and not been disappointed.  I wasn't this time either!  I love the way the author meshed greek mythology with modern days.  How original!  The first book of this series sets up the world Percy lives in quite well without being too much of a bore. The character development is fantastic and leaves you wanting to learn more.  (at one point I found myself wondering which god would be my parent and I have to go with Poseidon!)  I also found myself laughing out loud at many points in the book.  Hades, while not in the book that much, had some pretty hilarious things to say!    The only negitive I can really give is that some parts of the book seem rushed.  Our hero is only at Camp Half-Blood for less than a week before he's set on his quest.  And the revelation of who betrays Percy at the end of the book was wraped up in 3 or so pages!  Rushed or not though, the story was good and I'll for sure be picking up the next book!
B0026JWDQW|4.0|A bit of a shock at first, didn't know quite what to make of Paulo's new album Sunny Side Up. Nothing like the other one, or what we were expecting, though you can tell it's his unmistakable voice.   It's a bit like Paulo meets Marley meets 'folk' and a bit of 'country' with a little bit of 'circus music' thrown in here and there. All said and done, it may be growing on me, because it makes me smile whenever I listen to it................
B000FC1192|5.0|This is a wonderful book! I loved every word of it. I've read it about, seven times.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|Clint Eastwood is probally the only man in his late seventies that could probally kick your arse. Let's face it. He's still a force to be reckoned with.  One of cinema's greatest Tough Guy actors and the heir apparent to the mantle of the late John Wayne, Eastwood has carved a unique niche in cinema history.    This film almost plays like an updating of the character he portayed as Dirty Harry Callahan in the 70s. A tough, hard edged man who was politically incorrect and did morally questionable things but seemed to always get the job done ,whatever that may be.  His character is a war veteran who has just lost his wife. Besides still mourning demons of his violent past he must contend with severe loneliness brought on not just by the loss of his wife but by family alienation. His two sons seem to have no love for him and only use him. His grandkids, ditto. He has several predjudiced reservations about his own neighborhood as several Chinese immigrants move in that recall in his mind the enemy that he had fought and had warped his soul so much.  To make matters worse, his street is surrounded by violent gangs that wreak mayhem for no discernible purpose. The cousin of one of the local gangsters has moved in to him next door. He's a young and shy kid who through fear and peer preasure is forced into attempting to steal Eastwood's Gran Torino car. The kid instead faces the barrel of Eastwood's M1 rifle!    Interestingly, this is really where the film begins. Eastwood unintentionally becomes connnected to the family next door and learns something of there culture and is looked upon as a hero. The young man is ordered to work for him to erase his debt from the attempted theft and he becomes mentored by Eastwood. In many ways, Eastwood has discovered the family he never had. Unfortunately, his world is being threatened by escalating violence and this leads to a powerful resolution and the defintion of true heroism.    Eastwood has always been known for making complex andinteresting films and this one is no different. It's a surprisingly fast paced and short Drama that nonetheless remains more touching and memorable that virtually most films released today. It's a film that questions not just the concept of a hero but the concept of how and why we need them. It also is one of the few films to offer such biting commentary on the general apathy of today's generations with it's lack of morales and petty materialism. This is certainly NOT a Hollywood picture.    Clint's acting is just abput as good as it gets. Only an actor of Eastwood's level of charisma could make such a racist and mean spirited character so loveable and funny. Eastwood's confrontations with the gangs throughout the picture are certainly highlights and are as fun as we'd expect. The film also offers Clint an opputunity to reflect on the right of violence, sort of like his Will Munny in 1992's \\"Unforgiven\\". His confession to a young Priest in the film and his ultimate sin and life regret is one of the actor's great screen moments and sums up the message of the film beautifully.    Eastwood is supported by a fine cast including newcomer Bee Vang as \\"Tao\\", the youth who attempted to steal Clint's Gran Torino who becomes very much like his \\"lost son\\". His scenes with Clint are both humorous and moving. Christopher Carley's role as an insisitent young Priest also hist the right note and he plays off of Eastwood surprisngly well. Ahney Her is cute and likeable as the older sister of Tao and she is able to be one of the few people whos is able to empathize with Eastwood's cantankerous character.    This film is overall incredibly well directed and acted while remaining consistently entertaining. First rate cinema all the way and a perfect bookend to the career of one of America's most significant artists. Truly great and one of the best films of this decade.
B0009P42S2|4.0|\\"Steamboy\\" is a well-dubbed, well-animated movie produced by Sunrise, the studio which contributed to the animation of \\"Batman: the Animated Series,\\" and directed by \\"Akira\\" (1988) creator Katsuhiro Otomo. With the reputation of the most expensive animated film in Japan, the attention to detail in regards to cultural accuracy in its storyboards as well as the animators depiction of Western characters are commendable. I watch and read many anime and manga enough  to give an opinion on those artforms, but I also try to be unbiased in what I've witnessed in order to judge its worth as a film studies student and what I've tried to view as art. Many people have many opinions on what they view, and in this case regarding anime, and I hope that in order to judge something, it might be a good idea to curb enthusiasm and look at what's presented rationally.     So \\"Steamboy\\" tells the tale of Ray Steam, a boy whose the next in the line of great scientists which includes his father, Edward Steam, and his grandfather, Lloyd Steam. The setting is Victorian era England, a common motif in the Steampunk genre, where steam technology has taken to exaggerated heights as a great source of power. The central conflict to the story is what role should science take: as a source of power in order to dominate or as a source of hope in order to make a better world.     The characters that represent both sides of the conflict are Ray's father Ed Steam, and his grandfather Lloyd Steam respectively. The two men once shared the same drive in their research in steam technology, but a tragic accident in the film has changed their outlook on science to the extremes. Ray, the protagonist, represents the uncertain future of technology, given his status as a child who is at the age where he is not quite certain on what to think of the future. This role is exemplified when he was swayed by both his father and grandfather to follow their ideals, but through the course of the film he was able to form his own opinions on what his role in the future should be. Although the film has a rather bipolar stance to the issue of ethics, that being that Ray's father represents the evils of science and Lloyd Steam being the idealistic and most agreeable form of science, the director has taken care to show that although there are two groups who represent those ideals, Ed Steam's O'Hara Foundation's weapon merchants and Lloyd Steam's English Government's representatives, both sides show that they are not completely dark characters nor are there completely righteous people. One, in fact, can only say that Ray's father and grandfather are the only pure characters in their stance of science than the people they represent. The difference between those two men and the protagonist Ray is that he cares about the immediate consequences of the actions of those two men. When the conflict eventually escalates into the possibility of London's destruction, he immediately voices the problem to the two men, driving them back into reality and trying to rectify the problem at hand. Thus, Ray not only exemplifies the possible future and attitude of science, but also as the down-to-earth reality of how science affects the present.     There have been some reviews stating that the plotline is contrived and/or that the characters are flat. In some ways it's somewhat true. To me, I compare the film to the stock characters of pulp fiction. Not the movie by Tarantino, but the nickel paperback sensational fiction that haunt newstands and drugstores back in the 1920s to 1950s. Before the heyday of Jack Kirby who gave fairly well-rounded characters like the Fantastic Four and Spider-man during 1950s, fictional characters in science fiction and fantasy weren't very 3 dimensional. Charles Dickens is a great writer, and even though he created sympathetic heroes and heroines capable of change, they all start off as stock people with its designated Cad and Plucky Waif. Famed science fiction writers Jules Verne is no exception, and \\"1984\\" writer H. G. Wells created complex protagonists but that doesn't extend to the lesser characters. In \\"Steamboy\\" there are characters who fit designated roles, but sometimes there are some scenes where the characters perform outside of their given roles. Ray's grandfather may fit the Altruistic Scientist role, but he at times display lucidity and far-sightedness, but I personally think that he could be a potential altruistic terrorist. Ray's father Ed Steam also fits the trope of Mad Scientist with the typical megalomania that befits the likes of Magneto, but I also think towards the end he has his own bit of redemption. What some viewers would feel as the egregious example of flat characters is Scarlett O'Hara, the admittedly vapid daughter of the O'Hara foundation, does show some three dimensionality in some scenes regarding her. Many would find her annoying, but consider: this is the 19th century. Women are still confined in traditional values and young girls aren't yet as independent as they would be as the decades roll by. Scarlet is a spoiled Southern Belle whose wealth commands her whim to be accomplished. In a historical perspective, it would realistic. It's only through the course of the film that she grows outside of her enclosed world into someone who is beginning to be aware of how actions affect the whole of the community.     In all, this is a film that pays homage to a respectable genre just as \\"Batman: The Animated Series\\" pays homage to the timelessness of the 1950s. Although it's anime that's mainstream in the fact that the film takes place in a Western world with decidedly Western values, which is admirable feat because any other anime series or film that attempts to take place in a western setting still maintains some of the mindset of a regular Japanese, it's still a bit of a niche film in that a person who is not familiar with  the Steampunk genre would feel a bit overwhelmed to not quite decide what sort of decisive opinion to give outside of whether it's entertaining or not. I think that it's a great film and I probably overanalyze these concepts a bit too much, but I do so because I really like it. Every dub has its highs and lows, but there is an overall naturalness that makes listening to it comfortable.     I do not wish to be demanding, but I feel that anyone who watches this shouldn't think that they are watching an Anime film. Although it's a rather stylized Anime, I think that the overall content is enough to be that of the traditional film made in America. Do not compare it to Miyazaki, who really extols the traditions of Japan in most of his films, or to Satoshi Kon of \\"Paprika\\" (2006) fame. This is a film that tries very hard to be true to its roots and to its setting to the point where the only things that are remotely Japanese are the people who work on this film and the character style of which this film uses.     Afterall, \\"Anime\\" came from \\"Animation,\\" and really, the root of all modern Anime, that being Osamu Tezuka and his \\"Astroboy\\" series, really was a homage to Disney.    (Forgive the pretentiousness of that comment).
0596007124|5.0|Fast delivery... actually shorter (1 week)  then 'standard' delivery time  (3-5 weeks)  came in as good as a brand new book !
B002436WJE|3.0|Yeah, I got my movie, it was GREAT! but was fooled into thinkin that I was gonna get lots of bonus features with it being a 2 disc DVD in all. And there was nothin \\"extended\\" about the unrated version, there were no scenes in the movie I haven't see already, so that sucked. I could've gotten the 1 disc and not missed anything, the 2nd disc is nothin but a digital copy! I didn't need that. Sneaky and false, and sheisty DVD packaging companies! They tell you 2 disc extended edition to make some extra cash off people, they trick you into spendin the extra dollars because you think you're gettin somethin extra than the 1 disc, it's nothin! PLEASE BE CAREFUL YOU READ EVERY WORD BEFORE YOU BUY, BECAUSE THEY HOPE THAT YOU GET FOOLED!
B0001L3MI0|1.0|I have always been a bit of a sci-fi geek but this movie just plain stinks. The script is BAD, acting is BAD (Will Smith, Jeff Goldbum -- both terrible actors IMO --  walking all cocky like George Bush Jr., arms drawn at their sides like wild west cowboys that just smoked the evil-doer aliens). What a total bunch of American Hollywood garbage at it's ABSOLUTE WORST!! It's not even entertaining in a 50's sci-fi kind of kitchy way, it's just a sad waste of time that will leave you wishing you hadn't wasted your Sunday afternoon watching such garbage, mowing the lawn would be more interesting. I wonder how in %^$# they ever get the funding to make &*^$ like this when so many decent films can't even get made.
B001IBIQU6|5.0|Definitely their best production since 'Songs Of Faith And Devotion'. I just cant believe some of the narrow minded characters that boldly rate this amazing album with only one or two stars. I think they'r forgetting the icony and super talented musicians they are writing about or even worse, they have no clue on what age they are living in. I agree the 80's was an amazing and creative time in music history but heyy, come on people it's time to move on please. Sounds Of The Universe is the best thing that Depeche Mode have created since Their  most brilliant and risky album 'Songs of Faith and Devotion' and the departure of their genious sound wizard bandmate Alan Wilder. Best Tracks on this album are Hole To Feed, Wrong, Corrupt and the amazing strage litlle track Peace. They also added five other great songs on the exclusive box set that are no less than spectacular.<br />Five Stars!!!<br />Long Live Depeche Mode....
0307450570|5.0|The book came in excellent condition and covers all sorts of fun projects. Thank you.
0375703764|5.0|So in depth, the story spirals from one direction to another. A must read for any fan of a great book or great horror in books. This is the scariest book I have ever read.
0143038419|5.0|One of my all time favorite books.  Very well written and inspirational.  I filled my copy with underlines and will reread it again and again.  Really great read for anyone who enjoys travel as well as personal growth.
B000007UXS|5.0|Excellent album.  Up there with Kid A, OK Computer, and Amnesiac. Classic radiohead doing what they do best. vinyl quality is beast.
B00005QGAX|5.0|this is by far my fave album of his. i grew up with this album from the age of 5  to ten and i still love it. my mom always said i could not go to sleep without hearing this album lol. yes thriller was very good and had alot of hits but looking back i think this album made him an artist than the past works.the song man in the mirror shows that. im just glad i have his music today to look back on and listen to.
B00005QGAX|5.0|I remember buying this album in 1987 when I was sixteen.  I love this album.  My favorite track is \\"I Can't Stop Loving You\\".  This is a beautiful duet with Siedah Garrett.  I also love \\"Dirty Diana\\" and \\"The Way You Make Me Feel\\".  Another part Of Me and The  Man In The Mirror and the title tracks are also monster hits off this album.  There are some lesser known songs on this album that I love.  \\"Speed Demon\\" has a great beat to it.  \\"Liberian Girl\\" is a smooth sexy cut.  \\"Just Good Friends\\" is an upbeat track.  \\"Leave Me Alone\\" is a personal song about Michael's yearning for privacy.  This is a good tune.  This is an excellent album overall.
1439102813|4.0|Because we have a relative with Alzheimers (but not early onset), I was eager to read Still Alice. Potential readers should be aware that this is an unflinching look at the effects of this disease - not only on Alice Howland, a cognitive psychology professor but also on the rest of her family. For me, it was often extremely painful to read and the rays of hope and light weren't nearly as frequent as I wished.<br /><br />However, in all fairness, I have a relative with Alzheimers (very mild effects at this point) and I didn't want to envision the possible future. On the plus side, author Lisa Genova's research is top notch, not surprising since she holds a Ph.D in neuroscience from Harvard. Not only that, but her grandmother had Alzheimers, a fact that helped motivate her to write this book. Many of the medications listed are REAL medicines, with the exception of Amylix.<br /><br />This book also has the endorsement of the National Alzheimer's Association. For those willing to handle the realities portrayed, the book could be a very useful way of preparing for the future of someone who has Alzheimer's. For those who aren't in the front lines of caring for a parent,spouse or other person with Alzheimer's, it should be a real eye opener and help increase sensitivity and empathy.<br /><br />BONUS SECTIONS include a Reader's Guide (paperback edition), Discussion Questions,Book Club section, resources for those who want more info about Alzheimer's, Questions and answers for the author, etc.
B000OJFV3S|5.0|Jonathan Rhys-Meyers is superb.  The acting and costumes are first-rate. I'm waiting for Season 3.  Highly recommend.
B001PJRAUS|4.0|I enjoyed seeing a different take on some of the charactors, really loved Wickham. Enjoyed it more the second time, as I knew the ending was not going to be a farce. My daughter watched it with me and enjoyed it also. I do not know if it was worth a 4 rating, but any less would not be fair to the inventive story line.
0743297334|1.0|This book is a classic..... by what criteria, however, is beyond me. The foremost impression it gives is that of an oppressive tedium. Read fifty pages, you'll be bored. Read fifty more, you will surely feel your brain turning to lead. If there are any real characters under the absolutely arbitrary routines of the wretchedly two dimensional people who populate this book, well then they are buried under the crushing weight of circularly formatted lists chronicling the daily activities of these fickle, unmotivated drunks with no imaginations. Who happen to be getting bored and drunk in pretty places. Trust me, absolutely nothing happens, WHATSOEVER.    The lost generation this may have been. Judging by this book, what they really were missing was personality, a sense of purpose, and the ability to conceive of even a single shred of worthwhile, memorable drama. Lost all right. I dare you to try and read this and not lose your mind.
B000JBWWRY|5.0|I purchased this DVD for my niece. It was an excellent value. Ordering was very easy and the DVD arrived in a timely manner. Excellent!
1843106698|5.0|Considering the lack of understanding about this Asperger Syndrome, this book is the best reference for current infomation available today. Tony Attwood is the world authority on AS. His thorough presentation of current issues is thoughtful and hopeful for anyone who knows or is an \\"Aspie\\".
B000XA5K48|4.0|Liking this film depends on how you look at it. This is a cartoon from beginning to end and anyone looking for realism, should look elsewhere. This is a fast paced and violent action film that doesn't take itself seriously, but does give the viewer a wild and adrenaline filled ride.<br /><br />Clive Owen is well suited as the carrot eating, unstoppable killing machine who inadvertently becomes the protector of an infant who's mother is killed by dirt bags and want this baby! Paul Giamatti gives a equally colorful and humorous performance as the head dirt bag.<br /><br />A intense and supercharged film with very little down time that should keep action fans eyes wide open from start to finish.
B001GM28HO|5.0|I love this album.  I had seen Lady Gaga in concert and listen to her music constantly.  It is a fun and sexy CD filled with awesome dance music.
B00008MZ0N|4.0|The Fast and the Furious is a good movie for those who like fast cars, and a lot of action. The plot is easy to follow and isn't the greatest but stays funny and action packed consistantly. It's mainly a movie with fast cars, and hot women. If your not into that then I suggest you dont buy this movie.
B00005QGAV|5.0|i bought this album  in 1992, what a wonderful CD, I enjoy dancing a lot before my daughter wasn t born, now I dance a lot with her, she is  8 years old now,  I enjoy too much dancing: \\"In the Closet\\" ·She Drives me Wild.!!!!   MJ thanks for the music, dance, your voice----God Bless You!!!!
B001RIY4WE|5.0|Ive bought this so i can watch one of the best movies of the 90's  here is my overall review:    9   The Movie  One of the best movies of that decade.    8  The Video  The Bluray transfer did great, however some of the scenes arent as clear as the others.    10 The Audio  The audio is amazing, the Doby digital will make your speakers explode.          10  The Extras  Im surprise that they packed in so much in one disc, over 6 hrs. of content.    9  OVERALL  (out of 10 / not an average)
1905654294|5.0|I enjoyed the ending to this series.  There were some things I wasn't expecting, but overall I found it to be a very satisfying end to the saga.  Loved the wedding and honeymoon.  Loved Jake's chapter titles.  Loved the first hunt scene.
B001K3JF7K|3.0|First off, the positive. The arrangements here are outstanding. Definitely her musical best since The Look of Love. I've pretty much loved anything she has done. Whether it be the jazzy, swingy feel of From This Moment On, to the Jazz-Rock feel of The Girl In The Other Room, or even the sultry feel of Love Songs, she is great.<br /><br />Now like I said, this is musically her best. I wish I could say the same about her vocals though.<br /><br />Either:<br /><br />1. She recorded this album when she had an extremely sore throat<br />2. She hardly got any sleep while recording this album<br />3. She's just plain bored of making music<br /><br />Because here, her voice sounds tired and strained. She REALLY let it all out on From this Moment On, hell, she even scatted. But here, she sings in that breathy, bored style every pop singer sings in nowadays.<br /><br />Several songs here are missed opportunites. The Boy From Ipanema (pretty much the reverse version of The Girl from Ipanema\\") sounds BO-RING due to her bored voice. \\"Walk On By\\"... huh. The title is quite apt, because it describes what I feel like doing when that song comes on. Have you heard the chorus? She's REALLY straining her voice here. Had she just sung it out like on previous efforts, maybe it wouldn't have been so unbearable. Speaking of unbearable, Song #7... her attempt at singing an entire song in Portugese is terrible. My sister walked by my room and asked \\"Why is she singing in random gibberish?\\". Can't blame her, the way Krall constantly mispronounces words it sounds like gibberish (trust me, I used to go to school with this one Brazillian guy, and when he spoke Portugese it sounded great and really natural). And \\"I've Grown Accustomed To His Face\\"... ugh. \\"Aiiive groan accustemed to hes feeeece!\\"<br /><br />What a disappointing outing. Such a good opportunity wasted here. I really hope next album she sings way better. As for the orchestration and what have you, well really, I wouldn't mind if she took a similar direction next time because it sounds FANTASTIC here.NTASTIC here.
B001TIDXTM|5.0|I enjoyed the ending to this series. There were some things I wasn't expecting, but overall I found it to be a very satisfying end to the saga. Loved the wedding and honeymoon. Loved Jake's chapter titles. Loved the first hunt scene.
B00280LYHS|5.0|If you have not read any of the books in the series then you should absolutely pick one up and try it, these books are definently worth while and are great for peple of any age.
1400063736|5.0|I did not want this book to end.  Not only will I read this book again, I will be talking about it and recommending it for a long time.    It's a beautifully written story of various people whose lives are interconnected by a tight-rope walker who walked between the World Trade Center buildings in 1974.  The characters include a hooker, judge, a mother who lost her son in Vietnam, the judge's wife, a religious man and others.      While the event is extraordinary, especially to think about now, the lives are exquisitely common.  The uniquely flawed and frail characters grasp the reader.
B001PPLJIQ|5.0|I will keep my review small, but I will express how brilliant I felt this movie is. I was so intrigued I couldn't miss a single second of this film. Kate Winslet was breathtaking at her role, I can see where some people may find this movie offensive on the account of the older woman and the younger man, but once again this film was just a masterpiece.
B00269FOHM|5.0|\\"Firelight\\" - was one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen! The actors, the story, the visuals, all captivated me and rewarded with glorious scenery and a wonderful ending. Why I have never heard of this movie before I don't know- but since seeing it on TV, I ordered several copies and I will order more for family and friends in the future. Watch this movie - it is awesome!
B000063DI8|4.0|Iron Maiden may have seemed to have hit a rut after their commercial and artistic peak of the mid-Eighties by the time co-lead guitarist Adrian Smith left the band in 1990. Janick Gers was brought in and while many feel Maiden skipped a beat here, I personally don't have a lot of bad things to say about the resulting album, `No Prayer for the Dying'. It is a back to basics, stripped down record as many have said and is comparatively short compared to previous classics. While it may not be earth shatteringly innovative, `No Prayer' does have its share of if not classics then very very good songs including the one-two punch of opener \\"Tailgunner\\" and \\"Holy Smoke\\". While the latter may seem redundant as the subject was already covered in the classic \\"Aces High\\" that doesn't make it a bad song while the latter is another superb attack on organized religion and its hypocrisy (as they in turn attacked heavy metal!). The video for \\"Holy Smoke\\" is also a stripped down affair as the band rehearses at Steve's house (where the album was recorded) mixed with scenes of Bruce goofing around in a cornfield. \\"Bring Your Daughter\\" was a number single in Britain and while not one of Maiden's greatest it is still darn and the \\"let her go, let her go, LET HER GO!\\" part of the chorus is goose bump raising. Other faves include the one lone song written by the departing Adrian \\"Hooks in You\\", \\"Fates Warning\\" and \\"Public Enema Number One\\". Again not a classic Maiden record but for the early nineties (a time period when classic metal was on the wane) it was good to hear a real metal band flexing their muscles and getting down to business as usual.  Be the devil or be it him!
B00204AA0O|5.0|Regina Spektor may be my Muse, though I've only become acquainted with her work in recent months.  Her use of narrative and her existential approach to the creation of music, particularly on Eleven Eleven, for me rival only Ben Folds's approach to humanism in music.  With this kind of gushing praise washing around in my head, obviously when I heard that Regina was coming out with a new album I immediately scoured the internet for a pirated version I could listen to while I waited for it to come in the mail.  Looking at the significant sound changes in some of my favorite artists' recent work (Coldplay's Viva La Vida, Death Cab for Cutie's Narrow Stairs, Ben Folds's Way to Normal)I worried about the change that increased fame might bring to Regina.  There appears to be none.  It is easy to note the gradual increase of additional instrumentation with each album, and Far boasts moments of orchestral grandeur, machine clanking, and random dingy weirdness, but these are, for the most part, purposeful and well-placed.  There's a high-pitched ringing in \\"Folding Chair\\" that threw me off momentarily and the tuba in \\"Two Birds\\" is extremely silly.  On the other end, the strings in \\"Blue Lips\\" and the subtle choral moments in \\"Human of the Year\\" only enhance the euphoria that Far seems to throw out like bread crumbs to doves.  There's a two-facedness to much of Regina's music.  She is able to write conventional, easy-to-digest pop singles like \\"Fidelity\\" (Begin to Hope) and at the same time make my mother crazy with more challenging pieces like \\"Back of a Truck\\" (Eleven Eleven).  In Far, however, the line becomes far more blurred.  The songs are at once accessible and powerful, communicating complex ideas in a way that even a Taylor-Swift-fed laychild of music can appreciate.  The opening number, \\"The Calculation\\", is a rhythmic ode that tops both \\"Hotel Song\\" and \\"Fidelity\\" with its jamming happiness, and \\"Dance Anthem of the `80's\\" is a glowing little jam that'll have you dancing with \\"You are so sweet moving and dancing to the beat\\" but will transcend you with \\"An addiction to hands and feet\\".   \\"Two Birds\\" is a confusing little ditty which sure rocks, but at first glance one is not exactly sure how.  \\"Folding Chair\\" and \\"One More Time With Feeling\\" will have you humming and tapping along with stories of the euphoria of beachside fantasies and socially necessary deathbed functions.   As always with Regina, however, it's the ballads that take this album by storm and further its thematic construction, which is, in the end, the best of any of Regina's album.  The Ballads are headed by \\"Laughing With,\\" possibly the only weak song on the album, an uninteresting, repetitive attack at an aspect of human nature in relation to God.  \\"Blue Lips\\", \\"Human of the Year\\",  and \\"Man of A Thousand Faces\\" are Regina at her ferocious, subtle best, and I won't spoil them by trying to explain.    The title only hints at its discussions of human distance and separation.  \\"Two Birds\\" shows a relationship ending because of a liar who won't fly away with his lover, \\"Eet\\" approaches individual self-exile with its lyric \\"You spent half your life trying to fall behind, you're using your headphones to drown out your mind\\" and, well, so on and so forth.  The albums' general euphoria, even in its saddest moments, stems from the fact that the puzzle of human loneliness is solved in the first song, where the two lovers of \\"The Calculation\\" discuss their open hours, figure out mathematically how best to approach their love, and then bang their extracted hearts together and start the fire.  Her message is a wonderfully positive one: People are lonely, but Love Works.  With this fifth studio album, Regina proves once again that she is capable of anything the rest of the competition has to offer.  The Regina Spektor of Far isn't afraid of anything, and your iPod will be better for it.
B001TH16DS|5.0|I bought these for my husband for his 50th birthday. We have been watching one episode every evening and with the new special effects and extra footage he swears he hasn't seen since childhood, well neither one of us ever falls asleep.  A must for anyone who has ever enjoyed any of the Star Trek franchises . . . this isn't your mothers Star Trek anymore.
B001PPLJJ0|5.0|The story based on a popular novel &quot;Der Vorleser&quot; by Bernhard Schlink, takes place over several decades from the 1950's through the 1990's.<br /><br />We start with a boy Michael Berg (David Kross) who is helped home by a streetcar ticket puncher Hanna Schmitz (Kate Winslet)when he contacts scarlet fever. After recovery, Michael goes to Hanna to thank her. One thing leads to another and they strike up a physical relationship. The relationship deepens and changes course when Michael discovers that Hanna likes to being read to. He ends up reading everything from the classics to comics. Then one day she disappears leaving Michael distraught.<br /><br />Eight years later Michael rediscovers her. Only this time Michael is a law student and Hanna is on trial for war crimes and accused of voluntarily joining the SS. Michael could save her from prison but at the expense of revealing her secret. What would you do?<br /><br />The story is not really about Michael (later played by Ralph Fiennes) and Hanna; it is more how the different generations in Germany come to grips with their history.<br /><br />I have not read the book yet and am sure that this film is just a reflection of the story but it was played well enough to win an Oscar and nominated for many more.<br /><br />I especially like the scene where Michael is reading Hamlet to Hanna. Hanna says that she does not understand it. Michael says (indignantly) it is a classic. She asked if he understands it and upon reflection, he says &quot;NO&quot;.<br /><br />I will not go into the aspects of the media as Blu-ray is the norm and does not need to be described.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005JLCI William Shakespeare's Hamlet (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]
0596009208|5.0|I had read about 3 other books on Java and things just weren't making sense. I purchased this book after reading a review and it was just what I needed to make sense out of Java. I wish I had read it 2 months ago. Super book. It will help you get your Sun certification.
B001TODCII|5.0|Much kudos to whoever wrote this story.  Wow, riveting, ingenious, sad informative look into human trafficing, sooo good!  Would recommend to every family that has kids, especially teen daughters.
B001DHXT1G|4.0|I'll try hard not to over-elaborate, but the Louis Leterrier version of The Incredible Hulk was clearly a much needed and better take in comparison to Ang Lee. Additionally, Ed Norton was a much more enjoyable and believable choice for Bruce Banner instead of Eric Bana's lethargic character. So Betty Ross and Banner WERE in love after all?!  You would have never known in the confusing mess of the Ang Lee movie.      As a fan of The Incredible Hulk series and of the comic, there's rift in what people are expecting in the movie theaters. I actually applaud Ang Lee in his attempt to create something unique, because that's what was needed. However, Louis Leterrier was much more successful in capturing the sincerety of both the Banner and Hulk character without an overly artsy or psychological analysis. Sure there were some inconsistencies (changing back and forth from day to night during the village chase scene), and the effects still don't seem to be quite at a level to make them seamless with live-action...but both the writing and action were much better this time around.     While there are various origin stories at this point, most people understand the concept by now. The Hulk is a great character: The classic innocent brute who has a basic concept of good, but who is persecuted by the world around him. One of most recognized characters in comic book history is deserving of a creative and solid interpretation. I'm glad it worked out better this time...and I hope there will be even more impressive sequels to come.
0425200450|4.0|This used book was a great deal for my daughters summer reading.  It was in good condition and showed up very quickly.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|This dvd and cd is an inspiring collection of music from talented street musicians all over the world. I couldn't sit still when I heard it the first time and continue to enjoy it over and over again and always go away singing. I don't know how the producer managed to pull together all the pieces into one cohesive whole; he must be a genius. I keep talking about it and recommending it to all who will listen.
B00129H7VS|5.0|I had already seen this series several times before I got it in blueray. This has got to be the best WWII series ever made.  I purchased it for my brothers in U.K and they thought it was great. Highly recommend this, you won't regret it.
B0020TS5LK|5.0|do not pay attention to the other reviewer. I ACTUALLY AM COMMENTING ON THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE I OWN THIS VERSION OF THE FILM. I ALSO OWN THE DVD VERION. #1 the dvd version is inferior to this version. This verson has clarity and sound is amazing. The sound is DTS-MA and sounds amazing. You hear every little \\"dink\\" or \\"dent\\" in the movie. the video quality is great, beautiful color images and the beggining scene and bright daylight scenes. You have to undestand that the aspect ratio is 1:78:1, that is formatted to fit your flatscreen panel as it should, not 2:35:1 where you have the bars at top and bottom of your screen. Let me tell you the disadvantage of those bars is it in fact takes away from your pixels on your screen. so if you watch a film without the bars you are getting full 1080p/ or 720p, with the bars it cuts into your pixelation (i[...]). Also movies \\"seven\\", \\"boiler room\\", \\"A Man Apart\\", \\"running Scared\\" came out looking great and so much better than the dvd versions. I promise you when these titles get released in the U.S.A the picture quality will be identical. Dts-ma sound is the bomb and is the sound master recorded intended fo rthe viewer to hear. dts-hd is the same except it is at a higher bitrate and you may hear a little extra something here and there.
B00065MDSQ|5.0|One of my all time favorite CDs.  Had the album, cassette and CD and lost or played them til' they died.  Best to sit down, have a beer or so, and have a listen.  Very intense!
1400082773|5.0|A candid and touching life story of our new president.  American readers of our generation will doubtless find commonality to their own childhoods, regardless how different, or what parts of the country we come from.<br /><br />Obama does not shy away from the harder-to-tell aspects of a history much like many other middle class kids.  His is a typically American story in so many ways.<br /><br />A rare glimpse into the emotional makeup of a president, this would be a touching read, even if the Author had decided to just become a lawyer.  Bi-racial and estranged from parents, often the minority in his own world, Obama is both belonging, and foreign.  Insider, outlander, just trying to do the best he can.  American.
6305736650|5.0|I bought this so I can watch this classic along with my family (they don't speak English), but when I got I found it did not have subtitles, still I kept it for myself!
B0002C4JE4|5.0|I love amazon.com, i get whatever i want on here, i just recently purchased james taylor music. I enjoy listening to all kinds of music and james taylor music was wonderful no scratches on cd just like brand new. i love this cd very much.
0307408833|5.0|I love this book.  It's got so many good recipes for those who have celiac disease, or just want to eat less processed flour.  One thing that she warns in the book that she could have stressed a little bit more is following the recipes exactly.  The science here cannot be messed with if you want to have the recipe turn out.  Measure exactly, and substitute ingredients with caution.  If you do this, your recipes will turn out as good as the pictures.
1593078684|5.0|This book is proof that the final fantasy series have lost it's magic. (There is nothing magical about Tetsuya Nomura's belt and zipper fetish.) I own all of Amano's art books that have been released in the US, so I was overjoyed that there were pictures in this book that I haven't seen before. Get this if your a fan of Amano's work!!
0307266303|5.0|I loved every page, the book is nothing shy of spectacular.  I heard so many people raving about it before I got a chance to read it, I half expected to be let down in respect to the hype, but the book did not disappoint.  Far better than I expected.
B001FB4W0W|3.0|I enjoyed it but looking back on it I don't know if i'll buy season 2.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Do you like Vampires who don't sparkle in the sunlight, or sulk around high school like little emo jerks? Do you like love stories that actually have depth? What about characters who are multi-faceted? Do you like nudity, violence, and comedy? Are you not a 13 year old girl? If you answered yes to all of these questions, then True Blood is the Vampire story for you. This show is both a creatively interesting fantasy, and a realistic drama full of analogies for social and political problems. The setting and period make the issues faced in the show easily relate to issues like racism, and gay marriage... or really, prejudice of any kind. If you like fantasy, are socially aware, and don't mind using your brain from time to time, I really recommend watching this show. Also, the dvd has some interesting features, such as commercials (from the states, and over-seas. Personally, I think the french commercial was better), and PSA's about Vampires, which help make the world of True Blood a little more real.
1573300403|5.0|For starters, I am a hard core Heavy Metal/Hard Rock Fan! So to give this 5 Stars is saying a lot!     Out of a possible 5 Stars, I give this a 10! Best Music Video I ever saw! Combined with genius level MUSIC to go along with it. The man had more talent in his little finger than most have in their entire bodies. You really shouldn't miss out on this! After having watched it, YOU'LL BE NO LESS THAN AWESTRUCK! I can almost guarantee, You Will Not Be Disappointed! The color picture quality is absolutely stunning! The Sound Mix is audiophile 24-bit (Stereo/5.1 Surround) quality which seemingly puts you right into the video, You are There! \\"Up Front And In Your Face\\". AND YES! These are FULL VERSION AUDIO/VIDEO tracks. 106 Minutes of pure brilliance! I had to take a double take on the price! It's unbelievably if not ridiculously low! About half the price I paid when it first came out. Watched the video at another hard core rock collectors home on a 40,000.00 dollar stereo system, and knew immediately after watching it, I HAD TO HAVE IT! and the best part is, I never get tired of watching it. Very impressive if you want to show case your huge 60\\" screen or sound system.    Songs that really hit home! EARTH SONG, CHILDHOOD, LIBERIAN GIRL, YOU ARE NOT ALONE, 95' MTV MUSIC AWARDS PERFORMANCE, THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT US, STRANGER IN MOSCOW, SCREAM (w/Janet Jackson).....Seriously! I could go on! 16 complete Music Videos! There is absolutely no filler music in this, and the Choreography is FIRST RATE!     Japan will soon be releasing a Highly Collectible 2 Disc CD \\"LIMITED EDITION\\" 2009 30 track remastering of \\"HIStory\\" in \\"MINI LP REPLICA CD\\" (Cardboard sleeve) along with \\"Off The Wall,\\" \\"Thriller,\\" \\"Bad,\\" and \\"Dangerous,\\" - WITH TONS OF BONUS TRACKS! So don't miss out! Release Date: July 8th 09'    My condolences to the Jackson Family! We Feel The Loss!   In my own heartfelt words, I can not help but feel, Michael will be up there right along with the Almighty, Planning out the new Heavens and never ending Universe. He was truly a highly inventive and creative artist! HE WAS! A True Child Of God! Now promoted to higher power of being! So I don't pray he rests in peace! But fully alive and even more so now! God Bless You Michael! You my friend have been blessed to finally leave this cruel planet and all it's money mongering witch hunt finger pointers.     And may I respond to the ignorance of those who have made ugly remarks in false judgment towards MJ. The man was not a child molester, he was a very kind and giving person who gave LOVE to those who had NONE! Anyone who went after his money by falsely accusing Michael will one day meet their maker! He Was Never Found Guilty! and in this country, You are INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY! It would be completely ignorant of anyone to think any differently.    The album is the best selling Double Album in History! And for a VERY GOOD REASON! BUY IT! You won't regret it!
0525421033|4.0|If I Stay is about a senior in high school, Mia who is involved in a car accident on a snowy day that leaves her mother, father, & younger brother dead.  Mia is in a middle stage, neither dead nor fully alive.  She watches as her family & friends hold vigil in the hospital waiting to see if she survives, she's been critically injured.  Mia essentially spends the story contemplating if she should stay on earth or pass on to whatever there is after death.  Mia remembers critical moments of her life such as her relationship with her parents and brother, her love of music, her boyfriend Adam and her best friend Kim as well as invisoning what her future might hold if she were to stay.  The book is very good at giving you a full picture of Mia's life leading up to the accident, which makes the reader care about Mia's decision and the people in her life.  The story is fairly short and moves at a quick pace, but doesn't rush.  It is at times sweet, funny, touching, and tragically sad.
B001KVZ6F2|3.0|In this movie Eastwood plays a geriatric bigot named Walt Kowalski who goes through a change of heart in how he regards and treats his next door neighbors in a gang plagued area. When harm befalls the neighbors, Walt takes the law into his own hands.<br /><br />This film is a bit of a throwback to Clint's Dirty Harry days with more sophistication. It's entertaining if you enjoy the catharsis of seeing the bad guys get their comeupance, albeit with more of a twist this time around.<br /><br />The film still felt rather heavy handed, with stereotyped characters (remember the first Rambo movie? Aside from Walt's grudging conversion, \\"Gran Torino\\" is basically populated with the same type of sharply delineated characters).<br /><br />It's also predictable. As soon as Walt gets the close shave and new suit, you can pretty much guess how the film will conclude.<br /><br />That's cool if that's is the type of movie you want to see. Some lifelong Eastwood Fans might call it a return to form.<br /><br />It's just that I was expecting something more along the lines of \\"Mystic River\\" and \\"Million Dollar Baby,\\" where the characters were far more complex and the trajectories of the stories weren't as obvious, which made for compelling viewing.<br /><br />Finally, I know Clint likes to score his films, and his ususal solo piano or otherwise sparse arrangements support his movies well.  This time I think he channelled Tom Waits and sang through the end credit roll, and the result wasn't too pretty.
B000VS6P9Q|5.0|The movie is truly profound and it re-introduced 50 years of awesome music for another generation.
0920668372|5.0|This book is fantastic. I bought 1 to give to my 22 year old daugter and wrote in the front of it that I will Love her forever. She has a daughter that she will read it to. Very heartfelt book and I can assure you that you will not be able to read the whole book without having a tear in your eye.
B00005221M|1.0|When will Michael Mann grant us the original version we saw in the theaters on DVD ?
B001IAOEXU|5.0|This product makes the PS3 controller triggers much more comfortable. I can play longer and better. Highly recommended.
B001TH16DI|5.0|The most important Star Trek Movies Collection that all fans should have. Excellent sound, image and many languages options. Excellent Extras material, live On-Line extras. excellent product and fast delivering!
B001B93QSW|5.0|From the very first song all the way to the end.this album rocks.An all-time favorite of mine,every song brings back some great memories.\\"Live Wire\\",\\"On With The Show\\",and \\"Merry Go Round\\" are a must listen if you havent heard them.I would recommend it to anyone for their collection.Great sounding album considering most of the Crues equiptment was borrowed at the time.Buy it and stop wondering.You will love it
B0000714B5|5.0|This is an excellent portrayal of Buddhism and Hinduism filmed at breat-taking locales of India, a must see!!!
0525951113|4.0|OK, I read this book almost two years ago in its first printing. You can tell by the author's name that was on the front cover - Leinad Zeraus. The next printing in hardcover (following its success) has his proper name on the cover. I mentioned to Mr. Suarez that I planned to write review following a talk he gave at the Long Now Foundation in August, 2008. I had read the book several months previously after Peter Schwartz (GBN) recommended it to me. It was easy to become engrossed in the book and the story, particularly if you have been involved with the growth of the Internet, virtual worlds, software development, wireless technology, and, of course, video games. I could put a check mark by each of those so I naturally read the story with the skeptical eye of the `insider' looking for both insights I hadn't put together yet and the attempts to stretch the truth too far. After all, we are talking about software bots taking over a chunk of the world through the Internet. How real is this possibility, now or in, say, this century?    I'll give you my short answer. Not Today, of course, but  . . . it's worth taking a look further out. After all, don't we have a DOD Cyber (security) Command now?    First, I would say that Daemon is a technology tour de force in terms of the technologies that are mentioned. I took to making a list in a second reading of the book and here is a sampling -     Rootkit, Wireless Internet, Spread Spectrum RFI (radio frequency interference), Dark Net, Hack Test, Robot Humvees (think DARPA Grand Challenges as a real world - it works!), automated voice response (AVR), ULF (ultra low frequency) acoustical weapon, UHFA (ultra high frequency acoustical) pin-point sound, steganography, fuel-air bomb, fiber optic cameras, crystal door keys, SQL injection attack, UWB (ultra wideband) receiver, MRI mind mapping, multinational web crime groups, DDOS (direct denial of service) attacks, and my list goes on for another page and a half.    Second, as a technologist I found that most of the uses of technology are reasonably credible save towards the end when you must park the skeptical brain off to one side for a while. Early on, for example, you can imagine a fuel-air bomb created by forcing fuel through a lawn sprinkler system. And only a real fuel-air bomb designer could share the bits of `art' that are essential to get the explosion described in the story. On the other hand, towards the end when bullet spitting robot cycles race through a control complex and attack protagonists in the open, well, maybe I'm skeptical today. But there are also numerous robot companies developing lethal autonomous-capable machines for military action, so much so, that a robot ethics code for such machines is a new topic of research. We are beyond Isaac Asimov's Three Laws.    Third, there are parts I found intriguing like the infamous Heinrich Boerner in the video game virtual environment and how he leads our protagonist Jon Ross further into the conflict between the bots and humanity. As a casual gamer, the description of that was definitely in sync with how one might engage in a multiplayer online game. I did find some parts disturbing such as how our social media can be abused by propagating embarrassing events to a global audience. We can be cruel in our self-gratification but what is new there?    All-in-all I found Daemon to be a thought provoking novel about technology and mankind. If you follow Ray Kurzweil and the Singularity concept, this will give you another possible story line of how our distributed AI offspring might both bite the hand that created it and, hopefully, help us overcome our inherent bounded rationality. I recommend reading the novel and listening to Daniel Suarez's talk on the Long Now Foundation website. And I hear there are plans for a movie. I'll be among the first in line I suspect.
B000VZSOI4|2.0|The illegal books that this series replaced were popular throughout the 70's 80''s and 90's. They were printed on cheap paper with cheap cover and binding.  When Hal Leonard came out with the legal version they maintained the cheap paper and binding and gave it an affordable price of around $20 . Many folks bought it to replace there old illegal books even though there were about 50 songs that the legal book doesn't have.     $30 is just to much for such a cheap package.   Under $20 is a fair price.
B00139W3NE|4.0|I did not read the book(s)--but I did read all of the controversy regarding the author's anti-Christian sentiments contained in his trilogy.<br /><br />Thankfully the movie does not \\"go there.\\"  The movie was enjoyable, lots of action and the animation of the animals was wonderful. Nicole Kidman was captivating, and what little we saw of Daniel Craig was intriguing.<br /><br />The only disappointment I had with the movie was the ending--there was no ending. It was not just left open for a sequel--it felt unfinished, as though they lost the last reel.  As viewers we deserve more.<br /><br />The movie may be too intense for small children, but I'm an adult and I really enjoyed it.
0385340575|4.0|Jack Reacher is back in investigating confusing crimes. Once again, he is his worse enemy by sticking his nose into something that all of the investigative agencies are telling him is a non-event and he should just forget about it. That does not convince him and he continues. That leads some of these investigative agencies to repeat their suggestion, but ominously tack on the implied phrase \\"or else\\" to their \\"suggestions\\".<br /><br />It all starts innocently enough when Jack is riding the 6 train (Lexington local) north-bound at 2 AM and decides to analyze his fellow passengers in his car. As he steps through his training from his old MP (Army) days, he evaluates one of his fellow passengers as a potential suicide bomber. What else can you do when you are on a Manhattan local subway run in the wee hours of the morning? This all seems sort of strange since there seems to be no reason for a suicide bomber to be on an almost deserted subway train with plans to destroy some deserted subway station. Where is the benefit from a publicity point of view in that?<br /><br />If there is no publicity, then the suicide bomber's raison d'etre disappears.<br /><br />Don't worry - the plot continues to thicken.
B001AN2BMG|5.0|Other than the word used as the title on my review.I only have one more word for everyone.MASTERPIECE!!!
B00164GDD2|3.0|I purchased a couple of the James Bond Blu-Ray reissues such as Dr. No.  The restorations (I think they slang them \\"4K\\"'s) were almost too good.  I could see the makeup on characters.  a mole on Sean Connery's face.  The scenery and coloration were awesome, but in some ways it was almost too good.    Sad to say, Ghostbusters does not follow that quality of restoration.  The story and comedy are second to none.  The effects still hold up after 25 years.  But honestly, I've seen better quality rebroadcasts of this movie on my cable provider's HD channels, and we all know how much they cut the bitrates, despite their denials.      It appears they spent next to nothing on restoration of this movie.  It certainly rates as good a treatment as Dr. No or From Russia With Love.      You won't find a more sympathetic reviewer than me towards this movie, but I just can't understand why no one cared much about the video quality.  It really looks little better than a DVD upsampled on a high-end DVD player.  Sad.  At least the movie's still funny.
B001TH16DS|5.0|I have been a fan of ST for over 3 decades now, in the process of introducing it to my kids in fact - so I won't waste your time on reviewing the show itself in terms of content. If you are reading this you likely are a fan already. But what of the presentation?<br /><br />The HD transfers are amazing. I have the series in 3 forms already: aging VHS tapes (off the air from WUAB in Cleveland in the 80s); Laserdisc (yes, the whole set); and DVD. The difference in quality of this set is absolutely stunning. The level of detail almost is distracting at times, especially knowing that it was never visible in any prior way these episodes were watched as they were never in theaters.<br /><br />I was concerned about the new special effects and whether they would detract from the spirit of the shows I love so much, but IMHO they do not. Watching the video commentary included with Balance of Terror you can see the dedication the team that worked on this had to not destroying the original; even to the point of creating \\"proximity phasers\\" so that the photon-torpedo looking phasers from that episode would mesh with the sound effects, that could not be altered. The level of attention to detail and respect for the original creative process that the producers had when they were made is amazing. The really great thing they did was to include the originals on the same disc - you can even switch back and forth if you wish (to the great annoyance of anyone else in the room).<br /><br />This set is terrific - buy it now if you love Trek.<br /><br />BTW - the reported sound issues appear to have been solved for Pioneer players with an update; I'm not sure if Samsung has updated yet. I have a Sony player and had no problems.
0452289963|5.0|I have been on my own conscious spiritual/metaphysical journey for over 16 years, and have read a plethora of books on these topics. Eckhart's book, \\"A New Earth\\" is my current all-time favorite. If I had to choose just one book to read while stranded on a desert island (something that sounds very attractive, actually), this would be the one.<br /><br />Why? Because it contains a depth to it that is so far beyond mere words. It is one of those books that I can read over and over, and feel almost as if I am reading it for the first time. Its wisdom is spans every level of spiritual development. I believe it is one of those rare books that has a message for each person who reads it, as well as new messages for me each time I revisit it.<br /><br />I also own the audio version, which I love even more than the paper book. I find Eckhart's voice to be slow, relaxed, calming and soothing, such a nice change from the harried and hurried readings of other books on the market. Indeed, to listen to him speak is, for me, a meditation. I often play the CDs while laying in bed at night, allowing myself to fall asleep to them, ensuring a deep restorative peaceful sleep and often some insightful dreams as a bonus.<br /><br />I am grateful to Eckhart for being such a living example of Presence, and of living life beyond the ego-mind. His words often come back to me in the midst of certain circumstances. Sincerely, Kathleen M. Diehl, author of \\"The Collective Awakening.\\" [[ASIN:0982412304 The Collective Awakening: Messages Along the Path of Awareness]]I
B001HN69AE|1.0|I'm a huge fan of Dragon Ball, I was really excited about this movie but I was a little doubtful about this movie and it really turn out to be a REALLY HORRIBLE AND BAD MOVIE for much I have to say.  So if you're planning in buying this movie I say don't it's not worth a penny, FOX did this just to rip people and insulted the Dragon Ball Franchise as well as Akiro Toriyama creator of the Series.  So for anyone interest on this movie don't buy it save your money get something better this movie doesn't deserve this.  The Plot on this movie is has no sense, there's alot of questions that leave you thinking or doubting even if you know Dragon Ball you get thrown out of the movie with no answers of what's going on, the special effects look really cheap they didn't take this movie seriously.  So Overall just save your money get something else but don't get this like I said before not worth a PENNY, FOX just doesn't know how to do movies.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|This is the only and best collection of Jacksons work.  Truly brilliant.  MIchael Jackson was on top of the world and this collection shows why.  Very nice box set with awesome tracks, great collectors book and box design.  MIchael Jackson recently died planning his comeback which is truly sad, he will always be the KING OF POP like Elvis will always be the KING Of Rock N Roll.  It's a shame Michael had to die to get some respect back from the garbage pile that is the media and in turn the dumb public.  RIP MJ.
0646497855|5.0|I'm very happy to get this book. This book is very easy to read and the tips and the techniques are very helpful.  It's written in easy friendly English, so very easy to understand and doesn't take long to read. I strongly recomend to read this book BEFORE you actually practice for the test! This book gives you lots of usuful techniques and confidence.
B000FFJYB6|5.0|Excellent movie for dog lovers as well as those of memoirs. Frankie Munoz is young in this one but carries the whole picture except when of course the dog, Skip, is in charge which is 90% of the film. Shows growing up in a family as an only child...excellent performances by Kevin Bacon and Diane Lane, as well as Luke Wilson.
B00004XMTJ|5.0|I grew up listening and watching these musicals and now my 3 year old is also loving them.  She had seen scenes from these on youtube and she lvoed them so we decided to buy the dvd.  Now we have it on every few days if not every day.  She is such a performer and dances and jumps around the living room.  She tries to do cartwheels, kicks her leg in the air and crawls along the floor when the cats do.    We are now starting her at dance classes.  This is a wonderful dvd for anyone that has chidlren that like to perform, after one week her dance skills have dramatically increased, now isntead of mostly spinning she watches and learns new moves, she is now a cat ....
1401902197|4.0|I love the CD included in this book. Louise's affirmations are great re-minders of the deeper truths that lie beneath the illusions of daily life on this dimension. I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 based on my disagreement on one main point (my personal sore spot). She states: \\"I believe that we create every so-called illness in our body.\\" I cringe at that statement - which is also the position of the Abraham teachings (most of which I love) that we create our own illness always, \\"no exceptions.\\" - then I go on to enjoy the rest of the CD.<br /><br />Louise Hay describes her own journey of identifying the emotional cause of a dis-ease that had manifested in her body. Upon working through those issues, she found healing. I agree it is valid that stress and aberrant thoughts wreak incredible havoc on the body. But is it valid to claim everyone creates their own illness in every case? Hmm.<br /><br />Babies ... animals ... previously happy and care-free people ... something appears to be missing.<br /><br />I would love for Louise or Abraham or any of the other LOA teachers to explain this to me. Would they suggest to someone born with a deformed face or with Down's Syndrome that they could turn it all around if they learned to think differently? I've found zero documented cases of this ever happening, or of someone changing their eye or skin color with affirmations, a dwarf growing taller through visualization, or anyone alive today with the ability to move a mountain with their mind.<br /><br />Not saying it isn't Possible. I, for one, can only agree with the statement \\"we create every so-called illness in our body\\" if I take it deeper. I'm talking soul agreements, pre-birth choices, karma and the like. Taken in the context of this incarnation alone, the statement is a great tool for those of us who have struggled with 20, 30, 40+ years of health problems to judge ourselves as being somehow spiritually inadequate. My own book, \\"The Collective Awakening,\\" addresses some of these painful gaps.[[ASIN:0982412304 The Collective Awakening: Messages Along the Path of Awareness]]ASIN:0982412304 The Collective Awakening: Messages Along the Path of Awareness]]
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|This is a very high quality, well made CD for a live album.  These are two of my favorite artists playing some of my favorite music and I believe they do an outstanding job.  Some of the aging rockers are not sounding as good, but the singing on this CD is fantastic.  I was listening to it in my car today and I enjoy every song.
B00258SS72|5.0|Clint once again takes a modern day good vs. bad, bully vs. hero story and educates the audience at the same time by highlighting cultural diversity and reminding us of our prejudices.  He gives hope for peace through violence with a twist. He fights both inward and outer demons with angelic intent.
B001PPLIEG|5.0|This is a great sequel to Casino Royal and very well written. I really like the new direction that they have taken with James Bond by creating a more complex and dramatic character in a continuous story line, instead of a new flavor of year evil bad guy hell bent on world domination in every film. I had to watch the movie twice to really understand what was going on and appreciate it. The first time I watched it, I though it was pretty boring and it was difficult to follow. But after watching Casino Royal again and then watching this movie for a second time really made me realize just how fantastic and well done it really is.     I hope they make a third film in the near future and don't listen to all the garbage about it needing more mindless action and a thin story line.
B001TODCII|5.0|Let me just start out by saying this.  If you saw \\"Man on Fire\\" with Denzel Washington, this movie is almost exactly like it.  Scratch that, it is it.  Anyways, it's about the girl and her friend who were abducted by Foreign people and he has to get her back.  As you probably saw in the preview.  If you liked Man on Fire, you will like this one.  I actually think this movie is better than Man on Fire though in some cases.  It is tough to decide, but this movie definately has better fighting scenes.  GO WATCH IT STOP READING MY REVIEW!!
B00297FEUI|5.0|I must say that after the first Score, I didn't think Steve J could top it but he did.  It is so amazing and so powerful.  I can remember every scene from the movie where these songs played and its great.  I don't buy many CD's but for any Transformers fan or any fan of orchestra music, DO NOT hesitate to buy these, you won't be disappointed.
0553807048|3.0|This book was written with the same wit and humor as his first. I found him to be less boastful and even remorseful at times.    His use of nicknames (Magnum, Mormon, the witch, KGB etc) for the various characters was funny at first, however, becomes tiring when you start guessing correctly the nickname before reading it.     I had to laugh when I read the acknowledgements as he thanks Nadine for being a wonderful caring mother. Clearly his memory has failed him and he has forgotten about the nights she never came home because she was out \\"test driving\\" rich suitors to replace Jordan after his \\"blood money\\" eroded.    Well worth the read if you are interested in following the story from when the FEDS catch him.
B000LPR9ZS|5.0|Look, I know that a lot of people discredit the Saw franchise because a) they can seem to be normal slasher flicks or of the like, b) it is a franchise that seems to be in it for the money, not necessarily the development of the plot. However, if you happen to have a more conservative outlook on crime and punishment, then these movies might be for you, if you do not mind extreme blood and gore that is. However, if you do decide to get these movies, just watch it from the first one, otherwise you kinda kill the thrill, but that's just me.
0240810961|5.0|Born in the early fifties, I grew up on Disney. Thirty years later, watching my son's Saturday morning cartoons, I could not believe how awful the animation was and how much had been lost in terms of expressiveness, humor, subtleties, and style. Partly this loss was due to depending on computers to render animation inexpensively--largely bypassing the artist--and partly the loss was due to diminishing artistic skill. Time must be devoted to learning the craft, and that takes years.<br /><br />I know animation has changed a lot since the early eighties. Now we have some incredible 3D on top of 2D, and the software has come light years from the earliest days. But a computer is only as good as the knowledge and skill of the artist who guides it.<br /><br />I remember when my son (as a freshman art major) was grumbling about having to take Life Drawing classes; he wasn't going to be doing that for a living, and he was more interested in drawing fantasy art than real human bodies, so he really didn't see the point. Soon he realized, however, that for an illustrator no class he could take was more important than Life Drawing.<br /><br />The same could be said for aspiring animators. Learning foundational skills and techniques from the masters is critically important, even if one plans to go in an entirely different direction. I would encourage any aspiring animator to get the two-volume Drawn to Life set and really work through the books. The set, too, would make a very nice gift for art students and those interested in game design.
B000001FLA|5.0|I've owned this on cassette since the mid 1980's.  Receiving it on CD really made my day.  Thanks Kindly.   : )                                                  Kenn
B001NHNG64|2.0|I am currently on book 5 of the Jack Reacher stories, and although Lee Child has gotten better, his  stories always bring me to incredulous hysteria at least once per book!!  Picture this;  the bad guys have nailed a man's body to 2 trees, a few feet apart.  They nail his hands higher on the tree trunks and his feet, lower.  When the good guys come to take the body down, Child has them pull the nails from the hands first!  This drops the body down over itself, they then unnail the feet.  Just doesn't make sense!  They should have un-nailed the feet first, then the hands and he would have slipped right into the grave.  A later book describes an FBI agent as having hair a yard long, which she wears loose, sometimes.  There's no way a women with a physical job, can wear long hair loose, as she would have to stop and pull it out of the way everytime she reached for a badge or a gun!  It may answer a need for fantasy long hair, but it ain't gonna cut it in the real world.  And then his wardrobe style, buy an outfit and throw it out when it gets dirty!  Makes a point of describing his singular toiletry as being a collapsible toothbrush.  Tho he showers every time he can, he dresses in dirty clothes and goes out without toothpaste or deodorant??  And still gets the girl?  Not on this planet!  Now he's started washing his clothes in a motel washbasin and hanging them to dry overnight on the chairs in the room......are they upholstered?  Not going to dry very well.  Are they straight back wooden?  Wood stain will crock off on the clothes.  We logical travelers use the towel rod , coat hangers, or the shower curtain rod to hang out drying clothes.  Now for the piece de resistance!  In the current book I'm reading, it's 110 degrees in Texas, so now he washes his clothes and puts them on wet, to help him keep cool longer!  And he expects people to take him seriously?  The problem is, he's such a good, descriptive word picture kind of guy, that there is no way you can miss thisstuff!!  He needs a common sense editor.  He does great on military, law enforcement, weapons and sex, but puh-leez!!
B000A88F22|5.0|Great personal documentary about Brit's life behind the scenes when her relationship with K-Fed was brand new. Shows that she is a real human being who has alot of the same life issues as the rest of us. Not a big fan of K-Fed, but he was Britney's object of affection so I dealt with it. : )
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|I recommened for anyone who likes or loves anime to buy this movie. We love anything dealing with Final Fantasy. We have the games n movie. Very awesome prices, sweet shipping and perfect condition. So please check it out. Thank You.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|Very  satisfied with  the condition and quick receipt of the  product  ordered
B00000J2SR|5.0|One of my all time favorite Bands.  Ritchie Blackmore and Rainbow will always be a monumental inspiration for me.  Thanks ever so kindly for the wonderful CD.                                         Kenn
B001K3JF7K|5.0|He singing is even sexier than the album cover.  Her best album so far!
0596009208|5.0|first time i purchase my books from amazon, the shiping time was amaizing and the book was in great conditions. great seller. thanks
B000002B35|4.0|There are several live Floyd albums to choose from: Live at Pompeii, Delicate Sound of Thunder, and various bootlegs that float around on the web. Pulse is by far the most extensive of the set.    I won't rate Pink Floyd's content here, just the CD.    The set list is pretty good - here we see all the quintessential live Floyd songs like \\"Comfortably Numb\\" (with extended guitar solos), \\"Run Like Hell\\" (with extended guitar effect intro), etc. Some minor differences I noticed which might please the potential buyer: \\"Shine On You Crazy Diamond\\" now contains the final verse, whereas this version on \\"Delicate Sound of Thunder\\" did not. If you're aware that this song (and the album from which it is pulled, \\"Wish You Were Here\\") is a tribute (or maybe apology?) to Syd Barret, the final verse closes this song wonderfully.    One qualm I have is that \\"One of These Days,\\" probably PF's \\"heaviest\\" song from the 1970s, was dropped off this set. You can however see it on Pulse the DVD. However, I actually enjoy \\"One of These Days\\" a bit more on \\"Delicate Sound of Thunder\\" than I do on the Pulse DVD, so there's no real loss there.    Having \\"The Dark Side of the Moon\\" in its entirety is a real treat, however outside of \\"Money,\\" there doesn't seem to be much in the way of improvisation or definitive changes. I was happy about this because it always bugged me on \\"Delicate Sound of Thunder\\" that the band stopped playing \\"Time\\" before moving into the \\"Breathe in the Air\\" reprise, probably my favorite PF lyric/music of all their albums. I will say that the band sounds really tight (perhaps too tight, probably in order to stay on pace with the laser show that is going on concurrently), and the instrumentation is good, especially on Dark Side.    At times there is some unusual/unwanted reverb echo throughout the stadium, but I also believe that one of the delays in releasing this set was an attempt to clean up that type of thing. All in all, the more instruments one has in a live show,the more difficult it is to nail down a good, clean sound. The production crew on Pulse did a fabulous job synchronizing and mixing all those different parts together to arrive at a product where each instrument is equally represented and not drowning out another.    If you really want to \\"hear\\" this album in a new light, go pick up the DVD and watch it a couple times. It will add new flavor to the CD and make it that much more enjoyable to hear.    Incidentally, when the album first came out, there was a blinking LED on the side which corresponded to the beating heart at the beginning of Dark Side, but current albums do not have the LED. I have the LED version, and with a careful attempt with a scalpel or a box cutter, one can open the case along the binding and replace the AA battery. I only mentioned this because I think it looks really cool to have the blinking case sitting up on one's bookshelf or CD collection, as it frequently draws questions from visitors and friends.    I gave it four stars because \\"One of These Days\\" was left on the killing floor.
006074815X|5.0|I'm not generally a big fan of fiction books, but I loved this book.  It is well written, suspenseful and has interesting factual information about World War II interwoven into it.  A great summer beach book.
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|Clapton and Winwood together again and better than ever. A delight. Live is always better in my opinion.
B000LXH0AE|5.0|In an era where Will Ferrell can only be a punchline character in any decent film, he really surprised me in this underrated gem. Though his comedic background plays no role in this movie, I found myself entertained at a comedic level through his mannerisms. The supporting cast is strong but isn't explicitly required given the quality of many other elements of the movie. Well written script, good plot, and excellent acting all around make this a can't-miss evening treat.
031606792X|5.0|In so many ways this is my favorite Twilight book. It is the end of the series, so everything gets wrapped up. It tells the story of Bella's wedding and honeymoon (including the fact that they FINALLY did it!), it has the birth of their child and of course, what we all were waiting for, Bella's transformation to a vampire. I will say the Volturi story toward the end got a little old for me, but that was such a small part. For the size of the book, it was as great as the rest of the series, just as engaging. My heart did break a little bit when it was all over. Will there ever be another Twilight book from Ms. Meyer? I sure hope so!
0439023483|5.0|First, I must say that I have a rebuttal for those who rated this a single star because it's a 'rip-off' of other material.    Okay. Seriously? In this day and age, it's virtually impossible to have a single original thought. You know what? The idea of tributes and such goes even further back. Try Crete. Ancient Greece. What makes a story original is how it applies different concepts based on each author's unique experience. A blending of different ideas that one has encountered. Now instead of fussing with this pretend ennui of 'been there, done that' we should be criticizing the true pros and cons.    Now onto more pertinent matters.    I thought that the Hunger Games was stunning. Collins did a great job adding twists and turns at every corner, and if someone claims to have 'seen it all before' they are most likely imagining things. The situation that the main character, Katniss, is placed in is unimaginable, even unbelievable, for many of us. But her quick thinking and skills are admirable. And so the twists of morality that some people find objectionable ask the bigger question. At what point does one say 'enough is enough?' And at what point can one justify manipulation and deceit? What is the true value of life?    The book is not pretty. But it's gripping, fascinating, and thought-provoking. I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone.
0385736002|5.0|This is the first novel of an entirely gripping series: The Alchemyst, The Magician, and The Sorceress are already out, with three more to come. The story takes place in contemporary San Francisco, Paris, and London (so far). The protagonists are twin American teenagers with extraordinary magical abilities. They are, however, pawns in a larger conflict, involving \\"Immortals\\" - historical characters such as Nicholas Flamel and Machiavelli who are trying to encourage/prevent the return of the \\"Ancients\\" who aim to enslave humankind. This series is at least as good as, perhaps better than, Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson series
B001EN71CW|4.0|Needless to say, Firefly is one of my favorite TV series. And, needless to say, I already own the DVD version. Now, that I finally bought me the Blu rendition, I can say that Firefly in Blu is, definitely... a SMALL improvement over the DVD and I am not sure that the slightly better DTS HD 5.1 sound and the marginally brighter, clearer picture can justify paying twice for Firefly.<br /><br />Personally, I am not unhappy with my purchase. The Blu version IS better and I already gave the DVD away to a friend. Not everybody may agree that the this edition's improvements are worth getting it.<br /><br />Briefly:<br />- Contentwise, a couple of extras were added to whatever was inherited from the DVD edition, everything nicely squeezed on 3 discs.<br />- Packaging is pretty neat, not much thicker than a one-disc Blu box.<br />- As I mentioned already, the sound gets a clear upgrade with DTS HD 5.1.<br />- I agree with the other reviewers that the CGI appears fuzzier than the rest of the content, probably because they were produced by the computer on a resolution lower than 1080. This makes the CGI objects to 'stand out' clearly and visibly on top of the 'real world' filmed backgrounds and they do so more than in the DVD version where they are seamless. Luckily, there's not A LOT of CGI in Firefly.<br />- The non-CGI content is of a better quality but, clearly, the original producers had to make do with a rather tight budget and I suspect that they couldn't afford the very best in cameras and image processing.<br /><br />In the end, I might have splurged on this purchase with no very good or easy to defend reasons but it's good to know that at least a little change off what I paid is going to end up in the pockets of those nice people involved in making this too short-lived but already a classic TV series.
B00000F14B|5.0|I love the Music Man.   I grew up as a child watching it every 4th of July.  In 2003 I saw a new version of it starring Matthew Broderick.  Having not watched it for a decade or so, I was anxious to see it.   But what a disappointment that was.  Broderick had none of the wily charm that Robert Preston brought to the role.  That prompted me to buy a copy of the 1962 original.  It is hundreds of times better, and well worth the purchase if one loves the Music Man.
B00005R2M3|3.0|I purchased this album after hearing her at the inauguration ball.  I  had not heard any tracks before and although I enjoyed the album was  disappointed that her singing didn't show the power she has currently.  Will try some of her more recent albums
0307454541|4.0|I have one small negative comment, one large positive, and one important warning.<br /><br />I'll get the minor negative out of the way first.  I am an amateur student of fiction writing.  I'm a member of a serious writing group, and I've had a few short works published.  As such, I am aware of the standard rights and wrongs of good writing.<br />This author violates some of the basic principles of effective fiction writing.  He head jumps often, moving from the thoughts of one character to those of another not only within the same scene, but often within the same paragraph.<br />He also makes use of extensive information dumps.  The book contains numerous long narratives given in the voice of the omniscient author.  Much of his writing could be used as textbook examples of telling instead of showing.<br />Of course, these violations would go unnoticed by the vast majority of readers.  Only critical students of the craft of writing would notice them and care.  So in a way, this negative comment is of no practical consequence.<br /><br />Now for the good.  This is one of the most expertly plotted books I have ever read.  His plotting skill is right up there with Agatha Christie and the other grand masters of mystery.<br />The plot is long and complex, yet he manages to tie up every loose end.<br />He has amazing skill at timing the release of information.  He reveals details to the reader at exactly the right time and place so as to build suspense gradually, until the story reaches a shattering climax.  Finally, he eases the reader down gently, pulling the last pieces together into a satisfying conclusion.  Brilliant.<br /><br />And a warning.  Although most of the book is free of strong violence, it does contain one long scene of explicit, shockingly graphic sadistic torture.  Many readers will find this section difficult to read, if not impossible.  I have a strong stomach, but even I skimmed parts of the chapter.<br />This scene, combined with occasional brief recountings of other sadistic rapes and murders, means that this book is not for the squeamish.ans that this book is not for the squeamish.
B000KN7BIQ|4.0|The HD DVD version of this movie is excellent.  The video transfer is remarkable.  It is hard to believe that watching an HD version of a 1973 movie would make much of a difference than a non-HD version.  But the colors and the sharpness are definitely noticeable.    There isn't too much in term of DVD extra features, but I got this for the movie itself.  I was not disappointed and am glad to own a copy of this classic in this format.
B00197POXG|4.0|For the most part I was pleased with this product.  It was shipped fast & was in very good condition.  My only problem (which I presume is a maufacturers mistake) is that my # 3 disc is not there, instead I received 2 # 1 disc.  If you could help me with this I would be very grateful.    Thank You
B000I8ES70|2.0|This was the stupidest movie I have seen in a long time.  The acting was lame, the plot was prepubescent, and the cinematography was less than TV quality. This was the worst of the Resident Evil movies by far.
B0020TS5LK|5.0|I love the first two Blade movies and by now, I am sure most of you know about them already so I will spare the movie review and review the blu-ray quality only...<br /><br />I gotta admit, I was extremely impressed with the video transfer and the fine detail. Also, the blacks are deep and inky, no halos, blocking or edge enhancement that I noticed. The grain level was extremely minimal but I saw no signs of DNR so I think they just used an excellent master for the HD transfer. Also, the audio for this disc is DTS HD Master Audio 5.1 Lossless in English and Dolby Digital 5.1 in English and French. Yes, it has no extras but it is an excellent transfer. All you need to do is see the first scene Blade appears in (at the rave party) and the detail on his suit is astonishing...<br /><br />So, I would say, if you don't care for bonus features but wanna see an excellent transfer of a great and unique vampire movie, you might want to give this a shot. I don't think you will be dissappointed...
038532653X|4.0|Skellig begins as strangely creepy and ends up oddly uplifting and moving. Unique and intriguing, I found Skellig to be quite unlike anything else I've read. A handful of books each year move me to tears; this was one of them.<br /><br />However, because I don't find Skellig particularly easy to categorize and because the themes could be construed as somewhat mature (deals with death and some ideas surrounding death), I would recommend that parents read it before sharing it with their children to determine overall suitability as well as age appropriateness.<br /><br />I recommended Skellig to a friend recently (we both read a lot of childrens and young adult books) and she responded that she had just seen it on a list of J.K. Rowling's favorites. I'm including this tidbit of information because I'm guessing there might be one, or even possibly two, people out there who would tend to put more store in a recommendation by Rowling than in one by me. :-)
B000001FZK|5.0|I can't believe I haven't reviewed this album before.  Actually picked it out of a seconds bin in 1993, based on nothing more than the cover.  Took it home, listened on my 'phones, and entered a new world.  As others here have noted, it is a mature and deep, compelling and timeless work of art.  The powerful, feedback-heavy, minimalist guitar solo on \\"After the Flood\\" alone is worth the price of admission, somehow capturing the lyrical essence of a (post-) rock solo without the fancy finger work.  Try to listen on the highest-quality sound equipment available.  If you want to alter your consciousness a little before you fire it up, go ahead, but only a little.  This is music that deserves respect and attention.  I would hope that people are still listening to and appreciating it 20 or 30 years from now.
0739367676|3.0|well the chick who read the book for the audio is horrible.  Thank God I got it used so I can return the damn thing....
B001ED7C58|5.0|i obviously would love this soundtrack being that i LOVE the movie. i am just like every other obsessed twilight fan!
B001SN83KC|5.0|I first read this book in 1995 when I was a 15 year old high school freshman. It was required reading for my English class, and while I've always been an avid reader, I HATED the stuff they made us read in class. 'The Giver' however, proved to be different. I blew threw the entire book in two days, WELL ahead of the allotted reading time. I have never, in 14 years, forgotten this book. Sure, many of the finer points of the story faded away with time, as well as character names, and descriptions, but the gist of the story always stayed with me.<br /><br />I decided it was finally time to re-read this, and  I gotta say, it was just as powerful the second time around. I read this in one sitting as it was impossible to put down. I didn't realize just how much of the story I'd forgotten, so I'm very glad I finally got around to re-reading it. I'm going to start 'Gathering Blue' this evening, followed by 'Messenger', two books I have not previously read. I have high expectations for them, but am almost certain they won't hold a candle to 'The Giver'.<br /><br />I absolutely recommend this book to kids and adults alike. It's such an unforgettable story, and you better believe that when my son's old enough, I'm going have him read this. I tried to think just what it is about this story that makes it so gripping, and for me, I thinks it's the unknown, for both you and the main character Jonas. Jonas doesn't know exactly what transpires to make his community run as smoothly as it does, yet neither does the reader since this is a society that is alien to us. Unlike most books that take place in the present or past, we kind of know the ins and outs of the community the book is set in, but with 'The Giver', we're in the dark, just like Jonas. Everything he learns and feels is almost new to us as well...make sense? Ah, well, I tried! Overall, a GREAT book...PLEASE don't miss out on it.
0425188809|5.0|This book will keep you on the edge of your seat and have you reading with the light on. You will be scared to read what happens next, yet not able to put the book down!
B000SMWUPS|5.0|Perfect accessory for strollers without a parent tray on the handles. Surprisingly large amount of storage. Easily removable to take into the car. And when done serving the baby's stroller, easily attaches to chair backs or anything with slots to store toys, crayons, kitchen utensils, etc.
1439157383|4.0|**Spoilers**    This book is unbelievably drawn out and long. I think she could have done with cutting quite a few scenes. There is a lot of symbolism, which is good, however, the ending was horrible. It seemed like a soap ending. The whole (SPOILER) Kate made her sue her parents thing really surprised me. I honestly didn't see it coming. That, I liked.     I wish she gave Kate a bit more emotion, or gave more insight. I understand that she didn't want to give anything away, but she could have given SOME point of view to the whole story.
B000002KET|5.0|In 1973 in the UK and later 1974 in America Black Sabbath released \\"Sabbath Bloody Sabbath\\" an experimental album going further than the original Sabbath sound of earlier albums. The change is not unappealing but fans will know by certain songs that it is an experimental album. And I'll say right know this experiment was well worth it. It gave us some amazing songs, except the title track and \\"Sabra Cadabra\\" (which Metallica covered on their [[ASIN:B00000FCBC Garage, Inc.]]album) most won't be the usual Sabbath you would hear on classic rock stations.<br /><br />  The band experimented with synthesers on \\"Who Are You?\\" they used an orchestra on \\"Spiral Architect\\" but it doesn't mean that there isn't any heavy Sabbath on it. In fact the album has one of their heaviest and best known songs with the title-track. Because a band experiments it doesn't mean they're selling-out or they suck, it certainly isn't the case with Black Sabbath, this album is one of their best. While some may say that this album isn't good or is a sell-out I disagree, I think it's a very strong album with some really great songs that every fan should like. I understand the band is known for the doom sound and all, after all I own and love those albums but I think at that point they needed something new. They did, and that's great the orchestra parts sound really good and create an ambiance without being overused and at times sounds brilliant and adds to the music.<br /><br />  And now for the songs. The title track is a monster, by far one of their heaviest songs and I can't imagine something this heavy for 1973! An absolute favourite and when Ozzy could do it, the end of the song was something epic. It's quite an album opener. Follows \\"A National Acrobat \\"is in the vein of classic sound and is a really great song, nothing much to say about this one. Then follows \\"Fluff\\" an acoustic instrumental song, kind of like \\"Orchid\\" was on Master of Reality but only longer and far better. \\"Sabbra Cadabra\\" is another great song, the breakdown section sounds really good, I think most fans of Sabbath have at least heard of this song or perhaps heard Metallica's version which was also pretty good. \\"Killing Youself To Live\\" is one of the bests songs here in my opinion, everything is great, has some clever lyrics and the middle song of the part is amazing. Has to be one of Sabbath's most underrated songs. \\"Who Are You?\\" sounded futuristic back then and still does so now. It's really bizarre and reflective I don't know what to think of it, I'm not such a big fan of that one. \\"Looking For Today\\" is another superb song, overlooked but really good, it sounds like really old classic rock n' roll, because it is. \\"Spiral Architect\\" has the full orchestra fro really great results, ends the album in great way, great song.<br /><br />  Those who like \\"Sabbath Bloody Sabbath\\" like it A LOT. The album is grandiose, a masterwork and really is Sabbath's \\"Chef d' oeuvre\\". It doesn't have a classic doom Sabbath sound all the time, it's different and in some ways perhaps better. It remains one of my favourites in the Sabbath catalogue and is one of their most ambitious releases.ther great song, the breakdown section sounds really good, I think most fans of Sabbath have at least heard of this song or perhaps heard Metallica's version which was also pretty good. \\"Killing Youself To Live\\" is one of the bests songs here in my opinion, everything is great, has some clever lyrics and the middle song of the part is amazing. Has to be one of Sabbath's most underrated songs. \\"Who Are You?\\" sounded futuristic back then and still does so now. It's really bizarre and reflective I don't know what to think of it, I'm not such a big fan of that one. \\"Looking For Today\\" is another superb song, overlooked but really good, it sounds like really old classic rock n' roll, because it is. \\"Spiral Architect\\" has the full orchestra fro really great results, ends the album in great way, great song.         Those who like \\"Sabbath Bloody Sabbath\\" like it A LOT. The album is grandiose, a masterwork and really is Sabbath's \\"Chef d' oeuvre\\". It doesn't have a classic doom Sabbath sound all the time, it's different and in some ways perhaps better. It remains one of my favourites in the Sabbath catalogue and is one of their most ambitious releases.
B000GG4Y3M|5.0|always liked this movie, I saw it at the movie theater..could'nt find it in any stores to purchase it...great movie.
0385340575|5.0|I loved this book. Jack Reacher is one of my favorite characters and this time was great.  It kept my interest until I finished the book.  Lee Child is a genius.
B00005V9IL|5.0|The Abyss is a wonderful movie.    If you like suspense, and sitting on pins and needles then you need to see this movie.
B000004CYT|5.0|I had recently watched the Mark Steel lecture on Beethoven, among others, and then came across the Hogwood recording of the Beethoven symphonies.  I was familiar with Hogwood's Mozart recordings, which used period instruments that, while different from current timbres, nonetheless were recorded without any failings or quivers with Hogwood leading.<br /><br />When I listened to these Beethoven recordings I was at once reminded of Steel's insistence on the urgency and passion of Beethoven, qualities that have been murderously smothered in shag-pile carpet recordings which also muffle all the individuality of the instruments in a quest for The Greater Good and sonic power.<br /><br />While not a Beethoven cultist, I have managed to acquire the Norrington, Karajan, and Gardiner cycles, but I can easily say the Hogwood versions are the ones I like best.<br /><br />You can hear all the instruments with presence and clarity (I like the other reviewers comment on the contra), and, most importantly, you can feel the energy.<br /><br />Montavani is dead, long live Hogwood.
B001BJ65SU|5.0|This is a no-brainer really. Frank Sinatra at the height of his considerable powers. Yet having purchased the CD I was still stunned by his singing. The control, phrasing and pitch are perfect. Never for Sinatra the frankly vulgar ways some modern recording artists attempt to wring emotion from every word.<br /><br />I'm a fan of Sinatra singing swing, preferably with the Count Basie Orchestra, but the orchestrations here are perfect for a set list of melancholy pieces. As previous reveiewers have said \\"One for my Baby\\" is the classic track, amongst an album full of classic tracks.<br /><br />I enjoy all sorts of music from Bach, Coltrane to Amy Winehouse, but regardless of genre this is an essential recording for any collection.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|As other have mentioned, this is an awesome blu ray set.  Extremely well done, very interesting, and just a complete joy to watch.  My wife and kids enjoy it also.
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|A lot artists these days don't concentrate on having great lyrics anymore, especially young female artists who often rely on their looks and image created by their marketing company to sell albums rather than on the quality of the songs.  Often their albums also contain the same sounding songs throughout the album but Perry has thankfully not followed suit. All songs on the album are actually telling a story and as a bonus for those who don't illegally download or copy her album the lyrics are included in the liner notes as well.  The music accompaning those lyrics is great too! I didn't realise how many of the songs on here have been hits until I got this thing home and played it.<br /><br />Hopefully we see Katy Perry around for years to come!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This set is amazing on Blu-ray and you will not be disappointed and the amazing quality of sound and picture will immerse you in the environments shown by the documentaries.
B001MW0J2Y|5.0|I've always felt writing a review serves no practical purpose. I don't believe reviews actually influence how other people feel about a certain product. But here I am, writing a review, and I do it because I feel the need to give credit to John for creating an album with such a good sound quality.    Most records these days are mixed and mastered to make everything in it sound \\"loud\\", damaging the sound quality permanently (google *loudness war* for more information and see why I wrote *loud* in quotation marks). But The Empyrean is not a victim of this process and as a result, it has a great dynamic range. You can hear every instrument clearly and the differences in volume in the songs are still there to be enjoyed.    The reason I give John credit for this is because I know he not only worked on the music on this album, but also took care of a lot of the technical stuff. Good for him, I say.    Also, the music's pretty sweet! And because it was recorded, mixed and mastered appropriately, you get to actually be able to play it like John advised, as loud as possible, without feeling like your ears will fall off.    Bottom line: The Empyrean is a great listening experience. For me, anyway.
B000005YZM|3.0|I was expecting much more, only a couple of good songs.  Maybe a \\"best hits\\" would be better.
B001V9LRV0|4.0|I'm going to be as down to the point as I possibly can with this review because ultimately that's what you, the reader, are going to want to know.  So here it goes:<br /><br />PROS OF THIS NEW DVD SET:<br /><br />1. The picture and sound quality have never looked or sounded better!<br />2. Great bonus disc with many great, ROCKING, unreleased performances!<br />3. Amazon offers a second bonus disc with three more performances!<br />4. The extra features on all three discs are informative about the festival!<br />5. The package design is inventive and fun! The Life magazine reprint is awesome!<br /><br />CONS OF THIS NEW DVD SET:<br /><br />1. Not too crazy about the \\"boxing\\" on the full screen sections of the film!<br />2. THERE WAS 100% NO NEED FOR A LOUSY 30+ MINUTE JAM FROM THE GRATEFUL DEAD!  I love The Dead, but this is just a freaking bore!<br />3. No extras of Janis, Sly, Ten Years After, Arlo Guthrie, and no first time seen performances of Bert Sommer, Quill, Incredible String Band, or The Band.<br />4. The Amazon and Target exclusive bonus discs contain two separate sets of performances.<br />5. I WANNA SEE MORE SHA NA NA!<br /><br />So there ya go!  That's my take on the new remastered DVD set of \\"Woodstock.\\"  Do you find this helpful?
1400032717|5.0|Wow, I really enjoyed this novel.  If the point of a novel is to let the reader experience somebody else's life for a little while, to see what it would be like being inside a different head, then Mark Haddon has succeeded wonderfully.  Christopher Boone is an autistic teenager, with most of the characteristics we associate with autism yet Haddon manages to make a reliable narrator out of him and to make his story compelling and compassionate.<br /><br />Like Jonathan Lethem's novels this debut novel from Haddon has a gimmick, but he doesn't let the gimmick get in the way of telling a good story.<br /><br />Like Daniel Tammet's real-life memoir \\"Born on a Blue Day,\\" Haddon's novel gives the reader a very good understanding of what it means to be autistic.<br /><br />All-in-all an entertaining read, with the added bonus of learning something useful about autism.
1593974760|5.0|We love the book.We received it surprisingly quickly and in excellent condition.  I recommend on all fronts.
B000068TPN|5.0|This film is one of a kinda and i encourage everyone to watch it. If you are in the military, had someone, family of or simply a proud supporter you will most defiantly enjoy this film. I personally know it gave me a new respect for what my grandfather did in Vietnam and what my husband is doing in Iraq. So i do really encourage everyone to buy this movie it is sooo wonderful and you will not regret it at all. remember those who have died for us and who proudly support us even now!
B000MZHW40|4.0|1.  Others have already written about the pros / cons of this movie;  overall a definite worth see.
B002BBJ52U|5.0|This is a great, heart felt, funny, not your usual Hollywood cheesy flick.  Amazing cast, believable relationship stories, great acting.  One thing I really liked was that the actresses like Scarlett Johansson and Ginnifer Goodwin have beautiful, real women bodies - we need to put more spot light on normal, healthy women like them! Really enjoyed this film and highly recommend it!
B00030DEQE|5.0|In my family we have a network which has grown and grown. Our LAN has become increasingly significant to us. We recently upgraded our primary switch from fast ethernet (10 / 100 ethernet) to gigabit ethernet (10 / 100 / 1000 ethernet).<br /><br />The majority of our older PC's couldn't support gigabit ethernet. We were using the old ethernet capability which came with the PC's (the integrated ethernet on the PC motherboard). These older PC's supported fast ethernet, which is slower than gigabit ethernet.<br /><br />When looking for a new gigabit card to upgrade these PC's, my goal was not only gigabit speed, but also overall performance, then price.<br /><br />There is no shortage of inexpensive ethernet cards, not only here at Amazon, but at other online stores (who shall remain unnamed :). Few had the high reviews of this intel ethernet NIC, and few seemed to claim performance enhancing technology.<br /><br />The price for this card is slightly higher than other gigabit cards, but we have noticed a performance improvement even when using fast ethernet (the old ethernet). These cards can offload some of the overhead your PC CPU would normally handle. The result is an improved internet and LAN experience.<br /><br />These are small PCI OEM cards. At first I thought they were missing status LED's as there were holes in the back where LED's usually sit. It turns out the LED's are flat on the card and shine through the holes in the metal on the back.<br /><br />I downloaded drivers for this card from the intel.com website before installing them. It was necessary to have drivers for this card before switching over to it on Windows XP Home. Windows Vista immediately installed drivers on boot, as did the Windows 7 RC.<br /><br />While I don't use Linux, this card has extensive Linux support, great Windows support, and is overall a well built ethernet device. I would purchase again in the future is new cards were needed.
B0024F08RO|5.0|I have always enjoyed Prison Break, and season 4 was no exception, I hated to see it end, although the ending was a big surprise.  I'm sorry it won't be back next year, but with the ending the way it turned out I now know why.
156224003X|5.0|I really enjoyed reading the book, and many times i found myself thinking \\"hey, he knows exactly what I am thinking of myself, my playing, and music in general\\". it really helped me realize many things about my state of mind as a musician, and most importantly it really helped me make the changes i longed for and which I'm still working on and things just keep getting better. on top of that, it helped me enjoy music more, and actually improved my playing by adding more depth to it. I recommend this book to any musician.
B00260HH3K|1.0|It was just a terrible movie. Not anything like Dragonball. A slap to the face of the Dragonball francise.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|There great dvds because its a great series to start with.  If you like one your like the other.
B0018PH3L0|1.0|Don't know why I am not surprised with this day and age that Amazon would be any different than all the Banks and Morgage Companies that are out selling misrepresented goods!   Knowing well that my brother could reciet chapter and verse, I ordered the $11.95 CD of Lonsome Dove for his 69th Birthday. After a call to wish him well, I was to find out that the 2 Disc CD is NOT COMPLETE! Somewhere MISSING 2 Hours. I m not a computer wiz I did not see anything were this was mentioned.....WAY TO GO AMAZON!! NOW you are in my same BOAT as E-BAY! ALL BAD!!!
0780628551|5.0|This was a great buy!!!  Love both actors, and I never want to go into space  !!
B0008ENIAC|4.0|I was disappointed that the movie was so different from the book, but the people who watched it with me liked the outcome of the movie better than the book.
B0011V9XT6|1.0|Where do I begin? I really wish I could return this DVD and get my money back, but I guess I will have to just use it as a coaster for my drinks. Never really was a fan of Beyonce in the first place, I just don't see what everyone else sees in terms of her being a singer. She's way too over dramatic and comes across as phoney to me. Now if your impressed with a moderately attractive half naked curvy woman who shakes, struts, wiggles and flaunts her body on stage then yes you will love this DVD. As for ACTUAL singing and vocal TALENT? Save your money and buy Mariah Carey's DVD...You get the pretty face, the cury body and the struts and wiggles (without all the rawnchy stuff) and get this...someone who can ACTUALLY SING!!!
1416955070|5.0|Twilight fans if you're reading this review I almost gurantee you will love this book! I noticed in some reviews that said this book is like any other supernatural teen book, and that might be true but if you like books like that i definitely would recommend this one! I absolutely loved this book just as much as i loved the twilight saga.
015206396X|5.0|Easily one of the best books I've read this year.  I never even realized this book was marketed as YA until I had finished it and was rating it on Amazon.  However, that said, the book is very suitable for YA readers.  Cashore sets up an interesting and refreshing premise, litters the story with strong characters, an eerie villain, and plenty of adventure on the way.      As for the premise, Sci-fi/Fantasy storylines with individuals having a special power isn't unique in itself (particularly if the reader has even picked up a DC/Marvel comic), however her execution of the idea, and how it fits into the world she's created is unique.  The concept of a world where these special powers are shunned by the mainstream populace and automatically harnessed for the use of the king sets the stage for a complex world indeed.      Cashore has the gift of combining fast plot with great character development.  The storyline moved rapidly, taking the reader on a variety of adventures, but also covered its bases nicely.  Simultaneously, our prickly heroine Katsa is growing by leaps and bounds in a completely believable manner.      The love interest isn't overdone, either.  One problem that can accompany some YA books is that the author hits you over the head with the love interest right from the beginning.  Not so in Graceling.  Cashore eases into it gradually, if for no other reason than Katsa's character has a long way to go before she's able to even think of having a real relationship with a man.      Cashore's ending is perfect for the tone of the book.  She's one of those authors that isn't afraid to let bad things happen to the characters you've grown to love. It's refreshing to be able to fear for your characters as they stumble through their trials, not knowing if they'll actually make it through.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|The key to this film is that the health insurance industry is what's making us sick. We have plenty of great healthcare in the US, but not everyone can get it. There are a few times when Moore is a bit over the top or omits another side of the story, but overall this film is right on target.<br /><br />There are those who will be quick to point out the flaws in other nations' healthcare systems and thus argue we should stick with what we have. Moore's quiet message seems to be that we can do better for ourselves. We're Americans, after all. We should be able to create the best health delivery system in the world if we put our minds to it.<br /><br />Sicko is at times an infuriating film to watch. Nevertheless, it is an important film. Moore is a true citizen--he speaks his mind and wants his nation to be the best it can be.
B000002MIF|5.0|I don't have much to add that has not already been addressed as to the music, as the album is top to bottom exceptional, except to say that, as a straight guy who was a teenager when \\"Hatful\\" and \\"the Smiths\\" (twin sides from the Atlantic) hit the record shops, I immediately responded to the incredible musicality of Marr and lyricism of Morrissey.  What intrigued me most, and does so to this day, is that Morrissey was able to convey the subjectivity of a gay man and make it accessible to someone who was not so.  Yes, the Glam rockers introduced the world to gay men (think Queen), but Morrissey made gay sensibility a serious pursuit and an intellectual construct worth considering.
B000068TPN|5.0|\\"Where the metal meets the meat.\\" That line says it all.  That is what this movie is about. Put together very well.  The writing, directing and acting all came together in this  one. If you are looking for a great war movie, this is it.  Not as huge but just as good as Saving private Ryan.
0312370849|5.0|July 1942 marked a dark period in the history of France where thousands of Jewish families were rounded up and forcibly kept in the Velodrome d'Hiver. Sarah's Key is the story of 2 families tied to this horrible time in an unusual way. Sarah is the main focus of the holocaust story and Julia is the main focus of a modern day story. The stories a told in a parallel fashion: one chapter Sarah, one chapter Julia. About half way through Sarah's story stops and Julia is the focus. It is an interesting way to unravel a story and Tatiana wrote it extremely well.<br /><br />The story starts with Sarah's family being rounded up by French policemen. Her mother, her brother, and Sarah stay in their upstairs apartment and the father hides in the cellar at night in case a round up like this happens as he heard rumors it may happen at any moment. When the policemen come in looking for Jews, Sarah has her 4 year old brother, Michel, hide in a cupboard in their play room. She promises Michel she will come back and let him out after the police leave. Sarah had no idea she would be led away with her parents to the Velodrome d'Hiver then on to internment and concentration camps. What happens to Michel?<br /><br />Julia is an American living in Paris with her husband, Bertrand, and child, Zoe. Julia writes for an American magazine about Paris. Her editor assigns her an article about the roundup as the 60th anniversary is coming up. Julia gets caught up in her research and is determined to find out more about Sarah and what happened to her brother. She also unravels many family secrets of Bertrands family<br /><br />Both sides were written so well. You feel the emotions that each character feels. There were predictable parts but it wasn't disappointing. There were several shocking moments that had me hanging on and not able to stop reading. I was sincerely hoping the end of this story would be different but it still ended really well. This makes a great lazy weekend read! I also read in several places that this is being made into a movie. I would definitely go see it!<br /><br />[...]s is being made into a movie. I would definitely go see it!    [...]
B001RIY4WE|3.0|DTS-HD MA sounds very good,  but the definition is not perfect,it just looks like a dvd.
B001HN697M|1.0|Yea the babe is hot, but really, this entire movie was told in 5 mikes in the 1st movie.
B001GCUNYO|5.0|A very good blu-ray.  Definition and sound are all perfect,specially the subtitles.  You seen it,you gonna never forget that
B000OY8NII|5.0|This is an awesoem series. I have enjoyed the characters and stories and cannot wait for the new season to start!
1423101472|5.0|Rick Riordan is a master storyteller, making this series accessible to readers of any age, while managing to weave in the elements of a classical Greek tragedy. His language speaks to a middle-school audience, but the themes and character development are worthy of literature aimed at a mature reader. Even though my son has been able to work through many aspects of dyslexia, finding inspiring reading material remains a challenge. The Percy Jackson series provides excitement, inspiration, adventure as well as dealing with death, betrayal, redemption and conquering fear. I often caught my son reading well past bedtime as the story had him engaged at all levels. Riordan's portrayal of the gods' expression in modern American culture is ingenious, humorous while retaining the mystery and power behind the Greek myths.    Adult readers of the Tres Navarre mystery series, will experience that same sense of satisfaction at Riordan's writing skill with the Percy Jackson series.    Bravo!
1591396190|4.0|I am half way through \\"Blue Ocean\\" and the book gives me several ideas thatr will help \\"Brand\\" us differently in the future
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|this is a great product, a very cool video, high quality  and   come on anything that it is from final fantasy its great
1423101472|5.0|This item is great. I love the series and this one just met all of my expectations, if not more. I would definitely recommend.
1416562605|3.0|You've probably heard the praise. On my book can be found the following blurbs:<br /><br />\\"One of the most powerful books I've read in decades. No hyperbole.\\"<br /><br />\\"Fresh, funny, different.\\"<br /><br />\\"...unsettling.\\"<br /><br />\\"...an original voice and vision.\\"<br /><br />\\"The future of the novel...\\"<br /><br />\\"...as compelling as it is persuasive...\\"<br /><br />Before I go off on a rant, let me say the following:<br /><br />Decent story. Well-drawn protagonist. Textbook story arc with your standard complications leading to a climax that would be predictable if it wasn't already spelled out for you in chapter one. Clear, concise writing that is sometimes uneven; the narrator is the \\"white tiger,\\" Balram Halwai, a self-made Indian entrepreneur who got where he is with just a little education and a whole lot of betrayal. In the midst of his tale-telling, Balram occasionally uses words and phrases that don't jive with his working class voice, but these moments are rare. Not altogether rewarding or disappointing, this is the kind of book you'd expect to be produced by one of those learn-by-mail writing programs.<br /><br />THE RANT: Of the adjectives listed in the quotes above (or among the two dozen others in my book), the only one that I think comes close is \\"funny.\\" There are amusing moments in the story, but nothing side-splitting. The humor is mostly sardonic. So why is this book getting such praise?<br /><br />Virtually every glowing review mentions how the book is an \\"eye-opener.\\" One review calls it the \\"perfect antidote to lyrical India.\\" First of all, does lyrical India NEED an antidote? Before I ever heard of this book, I assumed India was rife with corruption and social shackles (hello, caste system). Am I the only reader who already knew this sort of thing went on there? Perhaps I'm jaded. I should stop reading the news. And teaching history.<br /><br />And that's the other thing: is it possible there's a country where there isn't corruption or social abuse? If so, that's a book worth writing about. How does such a place exist, and can it be duplicated anywhere else? I'm not suggesting that India's corruption is not as bad as Africa's, Russia's, China's, Korea's, Central America's, South America's, the US's. Nor am I suggesting that the corruption in India (or ANYWHERE) isn't worthy of a book.<br /><br />All I'm suggesting is that the book isn't amazing by virtue of its subject matter alone. If you pretend for a moment that rigged elections, foreign-funded civil wars, and an indentured lower class is old news, this book isn't anything special. It's a paint-by-numbers plot told with very few frills and too much foreshadowing. There is no real tension or conclusion to the tale. If the narrator had been omniscient, most of the book would've sounded like the script for a newscast.<br /><br />Adiga has potential, since even getting the fundamentals of writing down isn't something most people are capable of. But let's hope his next book earns praise not for his subject matter, but for how he portrays that subject matter. This white tiger just didn't have enough stripes for me.exist, and can it be duplicated anywhere else? I'm not suggesting that India's corruption is not as bad as Africa's, Russia's, China's, Korea's, Central America's, South America's, the US's. Nor am I suggesting that the corruption in India (or ANYWHERE) isn't worthy of a book.     All I'm suggesting is that the book isn't amazing by virtue of its subject matter alone. If you pretend for a moment that rigged elections, foreign-funded civil wars, and an indentured lower class is old news, this book isn't anything special. It's a paint-by-numbers plot told with very few frills and too much foreshadowing. There is no real tension or conclusion to the tale. If the narrator had been omniscient, most of the book would've sounded like the script for a newscast.     Adiga has potential, since even getting the fundamentals of writing down isn't something most people are capable of. But let's hope his next book earns praise not for his subject matter, but for how he portrays that subject matter. This white tiger just didn't have enough stripes for me.
B000FC1LOC|4.0|emotional book that kept me reading.  it became heart-wrenching once picoult added her twist.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This video kicked my butt!  I could hardly move the day after my first work out.  I'm still on Level 1, but I could see this video getting boring.  My Level 3 friends tell me they are still not bored, however, because Level 3 is still such a challenge to them.  I recommend this video.
1932100660|5.0|This really opened my eyes as to the deception almost everywhere! Medical Industry, Education, Pharmaceutical. It's ridiculous!    The data and proof is there and very hard to ignore.
B001XJEKGC|5.0|Outstanding concert with great fidelity and awesome camera work.  If you want to see Clapton's fingers up close to get more insight into what he is playing, this DVD has to be one of the best.    Clapton & Winwood are Gods.
B001FB55HG|4.0|Having loved the first 2 Terminators, and hating the 3rd, I was really expecting this to be a hard flop knowing that none of the original cast would be in this one, and it was going to be set in the future during the wars.    Well, I was quite surprised to have really enjoyed this film and can honestly say, it's not made like T1 or T2, but it sticks out on it's own as a new vision of the Terminator story.    The plot evolves around more then 1 character in this. One being John Conner played by Christian Bale, who learns of machines plot to try and kill his father Kyle Reese before he can be sent back in time to become Conner's father, and he also learns the machines have captured Kyle and it's now his job to rescue him. The other is around that other guy on the poster, someone who was a murderer who upon his execution, signed his body over to science for an experimentation. But he wants to destroy cyberdine too.    Basically everyone just wants to destroy that place, so there is a lot of action and explosions in between, but I find them highly enjoyable.    You get to see how the war is taking place between Man and Machine. The weapons in the future can take out Terminators now, so they are easily killed, but with so many of them, it's hard to take out all of them.     The best part of the movie to me was the truck chase as whats-his-face and Kyle try to escape in a toe-truck while being hunted by motorbike terminators. The scene is well put together and the handling the terminators show is pretty well thought out. It reminded me a lot of old school movie car chases, where it looked real, and not made with CGI (apart from the bikes) and it had this feeling of Mad Max on steroids. Also they have a lot of small tributes to the previous Terminator movies. There are scenes with bikes and cars flying off bridges to remind you of the bike scene in T2: Judgment Day. As well as other little things along the way.    There was a few things I didn't get tho... but by the end of the film, I was hanging out to see the next installment. I even was about to check out \\"The Terminators\\" but after the trailer to that, even this movie couldn't make me watch that.    So, don't go in expecting to see something like T1 or T2, and like most of us, forget T3 ever existed. And sit back and enjoy an action movie of Man Vs Machine. And take no note of the idiots saying this movie is bad because of this and that... see it for yourself and don't be fooled by the smaller majority of viewers who hate it because James Cameron and Arnie aren't in it... actually, he sort of is. Let those people complain for a refund and they can go off and watch the Hanna Montanna Movie if they believe this is going to be the worst blockbuster of 2009.
B000A158T2|5.0|This is the best horror movie of all time. The gorgeous graphics the PSP gives the movie is outstanding. I am a true fan of Halloween. I own them all, including number 3, which has no reference of Michael Myers. I love the fact that I can watch my favorite movie on the go! Granted this Halloween isn't graphic like its prequel done by Rob Zombie, the bone chilling factor of having someone stalk you without you knowing is scary enough to freak the heck out of me now as it did when I first saw it in the late 80's. Awesome Movie!!!
0312360266|2.0|When I first picked up this book, the premise showed a lot of promise. A tantalizing new world was being unveiled along with a different sort of vampire. The story had a lot of potential... but it didn't quite deliver.    There were some things I did like about the novel. The concept of the \\"Change\\" was clever and new. The threat that any student could simply drop dead because their body rejected the change was an ever present threat. The House of Night, the vampire training school, was reminicent of Hogwarts, but with enough differences that it was entertaining. Also, the element of paganism (the worship of Nyx, the goddess of night, use of the elements in rituals) was an interesting touch. The climax of the story, which I won't say here, was creative and interesting.    However, I had serious problems with this book. I'll just list the main ones:  First, the main character, Zoey, suffers deeply from \\"Mary Sue Syndrome\\": A character with flaws that end up making them perfect. She has a native american heritage which could have been put to a better use than giving her a superior background than the other students. She also immediately in accepted into a group of outcasts who essentially are merely tools to emphasize how amazing Zoey is. Zoey also has a natural affinity for everything, and I mean everything, she does. From magic to horseback riding, she's good at it all. It makes for a shallow lead character.    At home, she is under the suppressive rule of her step-father, a bit of a two-dimensional character who is an \\"Elder of the People of the Faith\\", cruel and domineering with a deep hatred of anything that clashed with his own beliefs and order. Now, I'm all for religious tolerance, but tolerance is a door that swings both ways. I don't know if the Casts are members of a Pagan religion, but their portrayal of Christianity is almost sickening. Yes, there are some nutty Christians out there but there are a lot more tolerant, caring, GOOD Christians too. However,to emphasize Zoey's plight, her mother is a submissive servant to her \\"evil\\" step-father's will. Personally, I thought it would be a little more effective if her parents were heavily religious, but CARING. It would have at least stayed away from the stereotypes.    Finally, the language used is not only childish, but it becomes irritating quickly. Going from the words \\"S***\\" said by one character to \\"poopy\\" is laughable. I understand wanting to tone down cursing, but \\"poopy\\"? Really?    Overall I found this book to be a bit immature for my tastes. A teenager would likely love this book as it appears to be written for them. However, the issues I have with this book are too many that I think I'll leave this series on the bookshelf.
1416550542|5.0|I wish there were more stars to give this book. I was very disappointed with \\"The House at Riverton\\". I really disliked the heroine. Wished she would get a life of her own. But \\"Garden\\" is so complete. All her characters are filled out and you actually feel like you know them. I really would have liked to know more about Adeline and Linus and Georgiana. But that is nit-picking. I really love this book and will recommend to everyone. Hurry Ms. Morten and give us more like this. Thank you and well done!!!
B000HC2LI0|5.0|Never watched the West Wing when it aired but fell for it on BRAVO in reruns.  Now I can watch it in the order that it aired an understand the various episodes linkage to each other.  Enjoy everything about this item.
0439023483|4.0|The Hunger Games is a very good first book in what looks to be a series.<br /><br />It was a little slow to begin, but interesting. Once it really got going, I was hooked. The pacing was great, the action and character development were awesome. Katniss is a wonderful protagonist, and we get to see her develop on many emotional levels.<br /><br />I was a bit disappointed by the ending, which seemed weak compared to the high level of intensity for the bulk of the novel. That's all that kept this from being a 5-star rating. I didn't hate the ending, but I feel it should have been more wrapped up. And if not that, at least left with a strong cliff hanger. This ending came across rather flat and didn't really make me starve for the sequel.<br /><br />That being said, I am definitely interested in going forth with the series. I'm still interested despite the weak ending, and am anxious to see more of Katniss's world and where they go from here....
B0027WNRJ0|2.0|I have always loved this album. BUT the bonus disc is missing \\"Action\\", \\"From The Inside\\", \\"Miss You In a Heartbeat\\", \\"Only After Dark\\", and \\"She's Too Tough\\". I know they were previously released on Retroactive, however it would have been nice to include them here to be complete. Still hoping for a REAL b-sides comp.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|Seeing all the good reviews for this show proves the point that sex sells. After all, that's all this show is really about. There isn't really a plot and the characters are too over the top to form any real connection with. What a great way to ruin a really interesting premise: vampires out in the open! All that's left to say is.........could have..........should have...................
1400063515|3.0|THE BLACK SWAN makes a single salient point: the future is largely shaped by the unexpected and unpredictable. And that thought, as simple as it is, is profound.<br /><br />For many years, swans were, by definition, white. But that paradigm was shattered when a black swan, a highly improbable event, was discovered in Australia. The black swan is Taleb's proxy for the unexpected.<br /><br />In America, for example, the events which have shaped our lives; the Great Depression, WWII, the JFK assassination, personal computers, 9/11, were unpredictable but changed our world forever. It is the unforeseen, not the expected, which rocks our world.<br /><br />In the securities industry, there is an axiom which the law requires be disclosed to each public investor: Past performance is not indicative of future results. In other words, the unexpected happens. And yet, as a culture and as an investing public we often view the future as an extension of the past, earnestly expecting tomorrow to be much like yesterday. Why? Because most of the time, it is. And then, a black swan emerges and changes everything.<br /><br />The quality of writing is uneven and in places, tedious. I find it a bit hypocritical, too, when foreign authors deride America (and our cultural idiosyncrasies which they don't understand) but certainly enjoy the wealth and fame our free markets create for them. Nonetheless, Taleb scores his central point and gives us all reason to pause and consider the black swans of our lives.
B001UOVP1S|5.0|I was first introduced to the work of Chris Cornell during the opening credits of the more recent 007 movie, \\"Casino Royale\\". To me, the opening title sequence, accompanied by Cornell's haunting rendition of \\"You Know My Name\\" was just as good, on its own, as the movie itself. I immediately went on a search for more of Cornell's work, sampling tracks from the various bands he's been a part of (and his solo work). I have to admit, I was somewhat disappointed. Maybe my sampling was not wide enough, but the Chris Cornell I'd heard gettin' down with Daniel Craig's Bond was nowhere to be found.<br /><br />Several years later, Cornell's name popped up again when I noticed Amazon's daily MP3 special on his second studio album since starting solo run number two. Skeptical at first, I sampled some of the tracks just out of curiosity. All I can is: WOW.<br /><br />The more I listened, the more I liked what I was hearing. Looking back, I can definitely say that I would have paid full price for the album. There is not a single track that I don't like in this compilation, which is very rare for me. I wondered at the change in Cornell's style and if, perhaps, I needed to re-review some of his older work. However, after taking a look at some of the other reviews here on Amazon and at other music sites, I realized that Cornell had made a big departure from his normal style. There's no mistaking his unique voice, though. This album is gritty, clever, fresh, and really a testament to Cornell's talent.<br /><br />100% recommended to old and new Cornell fans alike.
B002BCNK1Q|1.0|Not what I had expected from a Clint Eastwood movie. The characters were wooden, the plot predictable, the central character a cliche. Not worth renting.
B00003CXA6|3.0|After having seen the movie Gettysburg about 10 years ago, and after having researched it for a 7th grade project in the 1970's, I finally got around to reading \\"Killer Angels\\".<br /><br />It may be a cliche, but as they say \\"the book is much better\\".<br />If you have NOT read the book, but have seen the movie, I urge you to consider the book.<br /><br />While the movie gives you live actor battle scenes that you simply don't see anymore in today's CGI dominated movies, the book does a much better job of getting you inside the head of some of the main characters.  It highlights how Buford's important role early on is almost forgotten in history, how incompetent most of the top brass was in the Union army, what a great if reluctant leader of men Chamberlain was, and how Longstreet struggled with the iconic Lee's tactics throughout the battle.<br /><br />As for efficacy of the acting in the movie having the same emotional impact as the book, overall I think it is a mixed bag.  Most of the actors in the movie are just OK, but Jeff Daniels as Chamberlain stands out.  His speech to the 2nd Maine about what they are fighting for, and the bayonet charge still brings a lump to my throat.  On the opposite end of the spectrum, I think Tom Berenger was TERRIBLE as Longstreet.  His lines were deadpan and nowhere did I see his internal angst during the battle which was very well represented in the book.  I also think that the book was as fair a depiction of the character of the men on both sides as possible, while the movie's depiction of the \\"Cavalier\\" gentlemen officers of the Confederate Army was a bit \\"over the top\\".  Many of them seemed overly sentimental and \\"foppish\\", especially Pickett.<br /><br />In any case, my verdict is good (but long movie), GREAT, GREAT book.<br />Read the book!
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|I won't go into too much detail because so many others have written how good this movie is. ONE OF CLINT'S BEST! I'm so disappointed it was snubbed for an oscar.  EXCELLENT! A MUST SEE!
0312360266|1.0|So before I start, I want to say this. I love books. I give almost any book that sounds mildly interesting a chance. I tend to forgive poor writing if the characters are good. I cannot, however, forgive bad characters even if the writing is good. That being said, here is how this book made me feel.    This book sucked. Period. I do not mean that in a fun, vampire, blood-sucking way. I mean that in a it was terrible and worthless and a waste of money kind of way. I am drawn to vampire books. It's likely that if you are reading these reviews that you are as well. For some of you, this book might rock. I'm not going to lie, though, I despise Zoey. She is a horrible character. She is cliche, uninteresting, and downright annoying. She drove me crazy through the entire book. The whole time I was waiting for her to stop saying the same line...Nothing of interesting happened the entire time. All of her friends are boring. If I have to see the word Twin one more time, I'll puke.    This book represents all the idiotic nonsense that popular culture is trying to push as interesting and cool. Beyond that, this book is not for kids.    I found no redeeming qualities in this book, and I hate that I wasted money on it. So, try it if you want, but don't say I didn't warn you.
B000P0J0DI|5.0|This is the rare, modern western masterpiece that Hollywood seems otherwise incapable of producing anymore. The plot is spare. A notorious ex-killer, William Munny (Clint Eastwood), reformed by his now-deceased wife, is running an unsuccessful pig farm when he is recruited by an aspiring young gun, Kid Schofield (James Woolvet).      Kid wants Munny to join him to kill two ranch hands in order to collect a $500 bounty. The reward is offered by the prostitutes of a brothel.  One of the ranch hands has disfigured the face of one of their girls. Reluctant at first because of the memory of his beloved wife, Munny decides to join the Kid in order to collect the money in order to try to save his farm and provide for two children.  Munny then recruits his friend, former partner, and expert rifleman Ned Logan (Morgan Freeman).      Gene Hackman, as \\"Little Bill\\", the town sheriff of Big Whiskey, Wyoming where the crime took place is the formidable obstacle standing in their way.  He has already meted out his form of justice to the ranch hands and is not about to countenance someone else doing so.  This is vividly and violently seen in a cameo by Richard Harris who is the first bounty hunter to arrive.  Hackman's performance, combining his easy charm with a vicious ruthlessness is terrific.  He deservedly won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.    The dialogue is simple and direct in the John Wayne tradition.  However, Eastwood's Munny is no Hondo out to tame the wild west.  He is a product of the dark side of his time and environment. The mood is dark (technically, sometimes the lighting is too dark).  At his age Eastwood is the perfectly grizzled cowboy and has an unforgiving, cold-eyed meanness that slowly reemerges as the movie progresses. It fully emerges in a breathtakingly violent, unrelenting brutality in the final scene in the bar at Big Whiskey where the prostitutes reside and ply their trade.    Woolvetz and Freeman are excellent in their supporting roles.But this classic is dominated by the outsize personas of Eastwood and Hackman.  If you like the old cowboy movies, where the emphasis is on old west mores and not computer-generated pyrotechnics, you will treasure this movie as we treasure the old western mythology.
B001KMB6YG|5.0|I just recently went over the deep end for just about any Vin Diesel movie.this film has suffered a lot of bad press. But I like it. It keeps your interest. You dont know whats going to happen (I like that). Granted its not Oscar material, but they never intended it to complete with the Oscars. Its for entertainment. And on this it does deliver.  Lots of great action & special effects. Some nice character developement, and as always, Vin Deisel is the best eye candy ever.  I am such a big fan of this guy. I am just drooling for his next Riddick film. Looks like the cost of a third  film is the obstacle to this happening. My heart would go out to Vin doing Riddick in his forties. The physical demands of such a role would be tough and I would hate to see him do the film and have it too obvious that physically, it was beyond him. Still, the absence of that third Riddick film, is a heart breaker. Oh, back to Babylon AD, very, very watchable.
B001DPHDCY|5.0|Well, I for one LOVED this movie.  While it starts out quite unusual and quite difficult to grasp what's going on, give the story a few more minutes to develop and you'll begin to see what it's about.  It's an animated film about an elephant who discovers an extremely tiny world inside a flower (you'll understand when you watch it).      The people living inside the tiny world (inside the flower) are very happy and honest folks that don't have a problem with each other in the slightest.  In fact, it's amazing how cheerful and upbeat they are!      Anyway, the point of the story is actually more about the elephant who discovers the world- all his animal friends think he's crazy when he tries telling them what he discovered, and the storyline for most of the film is about the elephant running away from his animal friends so they don't hurt the tiny world the elephant discovered.  Make sense?  No?  You're all set then!      But the story is honestly REALLY good.  The writers that focused on the story did an extremely good job and I couldn't believe that I, an adult, was watching the movie with the same kind of excitement that a child would.  The storytelling was just amazingly creative and the animations from the elephant and his friends was quite funny as well.  Good stuff.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Fantastic Series.  Loved the characters.  Have read all the books and the series has outdone itself.  Can't wait for season II.  The music really adds to the production.
B0000025RI|5.0|The night I found out Michael Jackson had died (two days ago) I played Thriller LOUD on my speakers at 2 o'clock in the morning.   Thriller stands the test of time.     Sometimes I go through phases where I'm not real crazy about 80's music, but Thriller is an exception.  Most people who went through a hard rock phase at some point in their lives LOVE \\"Beat It\\".   I still think it's a great song.      The title song will remain my favorite track from the album though, because it brings back a TON of memories.  I was a child of the 80's, a huge fan of pop music, and remember Madonna and Michael Jackson the most.      That's the one thing that will stick with me for the rest of my life- the memories of 80's Michael Jackson.  This is where most of his musical talent was revealed, and what made Michael such a memorable and loveable musician.  His dancing skills were unlike *anything* any of us have seen when they were first shown on TV.  Talk about an incredible energy and talent he displayed on those videos.      Whatever happened to him during the 90's and 00's doesn't matter now- remembering an incredible musician and a long and legendary career is the main concern, and what we should be focusing on.  From one Jackson to another- it's been a good ride Michael, and you will be remembered for being the king of pop for many *many* years.
B00005JN8Z|5.0|At last a version worthy of having. This special edition is excellent - both sound and color and presentation.    Though this was never one of my favorite films - I just didn't like many of the actors in those particular roles - it is a classic tale in those days after Christ and during the period of Nero. Full of spectacle and drama and the Burning of Rome, and not to mention the killing of Christians in the arena, there is a lot packed into this very long drama. Because I am a lover of classic movies and historical-based epics, it is an added addition to my library and will be to yours.    Good to see it restored in its original splendor though where it breaks at the end of disc one could have been broken with Intermission or the like - especially in these films that require part two on a separate disc. Don't know how theatrical you want to make it at home, but adds to the experience and charm of the movie. I often wonder if these people at the studios marketing divisions ever actually are true movie buffs and put any thought in to how discs are compiled. Come on guys - some of us like that full theatrical experience - that is why we have home theater systems.    Excellent special features add to a great disc set. Great classic!
0061564893|5.0|I bought this book to add to my library.  It makes new claim and is controversial.
B001TH16DI|1.0|I love Star Trek and the original movies, and I too will not buy this until they restore it properly. If only one movie is Blu Ray, it doesn't warrant the price tag.
0307341569|4.0|As someone who enjoyed Flynn's first offering, \\"Sharp Objects\\", I was anxious to read her second effort. I'm pleased to say that I was not disappointed.<br /><br />Libby Day, surviving member of a family massacre, reluctantly sets out to solve a 25-year old mystery: did her brother, now in prison for the crime, really commit it? She's driven to know given that her testimony as a seven year old child helped put him there.<br /><br />Libby's life is a mess, she's a mess and so is just about everyone who has any connection to the murders. Libby is reminiscent of Flynn's first heroine from \\"Sharp Objects\\" in that she's deeply flawed, troubled and often unlikeable. Flynn has a knack for portraying this personality type. (Hopefully, she's talented enough to write beyond these types of characters only.)<br /><br />Besides the character issues, \\"Dark Places\\" is a fun read because of the intricate mystery plot that Flynn has cooked up. She uses an alternating timeline motif for each chapter to simultaneously explore the mystery in the present while revealing clues from the past. It's a technique that really works. With a deft use of misdirection and clues deliberately designed to be mis-read, the mystery remained compelling for me right to the very end.<br /><br />\\"Dark Places\\" gets its title honestly. It is dark. Deeply dark. Unrelentingly so at many points. If staring at the often hopeless and seedy underbelly of life in a bleak farming town along with the worst impulses of human nature is something you can bear for 350 pages, \\"Dark Places\\" will keep you turning them.
B001EJYOBM|5.0|Very well written story line. Season 1 rocks. All in all excellent viewing, will not leave you bored, but rather clamoring for more, so i am therefore having to wait for Season 2 to come out.
0385340575|5.0|I enjoyed Nothing to Lose, Child's previous Reacher book, well enough, even though I had some minor gripes with it, but Gone Tomorrow is a superior piece of work that pretty much gets everything right. I wasn't sure if I wanted to read another Reacher tale so soon after the last, but a quick perusal of the opening chapter - in which Reacher, riding a New York subway car, runs through a checklist for picking out suicide bombers and finds one lone woman setting off every flag - got me hooked, and I never looked back. The books takes off flying from there, with the plot taking in a senator with a military past, an old Ukrainian woman and her daughter, and a MacGuffin that drives it all (although the actual reveal of the MacGuffin is pretty satisfying and intriguing). This is one of Reacher's less action-driven books; though there are fights to be had, especially in the great climax, this one's more about reasoning out some threads and pulling at what doesn't fit. It's a lot of fun, and a nice rebound from some of the weaknesses of Nothing to Lose.
B000CCBCAS|4.0|This movie wasn't as good as I remembered in my youth.  It is one of the cute movies about a man who keeps meeting a mysterious woman at several weddings and a funeral.  Are they in love or not?  Are they just teasing each other?
B001V9LRTM|5.0|Yea ... the packaging is cheesy and there are definite limits to the quality of the original source material which will never match what can come from film/video/sound equipment today. In my opinion; however, despite these limitations the blu-ray version of Woodstock is well worth the money.<br /><br />In short, even though sharpness will never come close to modern high def production values, colors are deeper, richer and the sound track has been punched up and sounds amazing in 5.1. This classic film documenting a very seminal cultural event is all the better for this reissue.
B0029LCRCC|5.0|After seeing Steel Panther at a rock festival and being totally entertained by the combination of hilarious on-stage banter and well-crafted, very well-played songs, I couldn't wait to \\"Feel the Steel.\\"  Unfortunately, it's only available as an import right now, but I was so blown away by the show, I went ahead and paid the extra $$$ to get it.  Totally worth it.<br /><br />There are a few comedians who play guitar and sing goofy songs, but this is well beyond that.  First of all, these guys are truly gifted musicians--especially guitarist Satchel (Russ Parrish) and singer Michael Starr (Ralph Saenz).  If you're a fan of 80's pop-metal or hair bands, you'll quickly discover that these guys are, too.  That's what makes this work so well.  Although they're clearly making fun of the genre, they're clearly well-versed in it.  As you listen, you'll hear bits that recall hits by Warrant, Extreme, Bon Jovi, Whitesnake, and others.<br /><br />I've already listened to this more than any other cd I've bought this year.  In fact, it's so good, I picked up a disc from Russ Parrish's other band (in which he sings lead and plays guitar), The Thornbirds.  Horrible name, but good cd.  I can't believe this guy flies under the radar like he does.  The guy can play.<br /><br />I would've given this one 6 stars if I could.
B00008973A|1.0|I've seen A Chorus Line twice on stage.  I bought a copy of this DVD at a budget price, watched it once and even going into it with low expectations, I was disppointed.  Anyone who has only seen this movie version and not the stage version will probably wonder how this play could have won the Pulitzer prize and the Tony award.  As others have mentioned, the rather weak sub-plot of Cassie and her past love affair with the director gets pushed to the forefront in the movie, while many of the great songs from the stage production are either cut entirely or presented in truncated fragments.  I think this movie is one of the worst stage to screen adaptations ever put to film.  Just listening to the original cast album will give you a better idea of what this play is all about.
B0009P66TK|4.0|This is a great watch! Im a righty and this is a lefty watch. I was worried about how it would fit but no trouble there. It fits well and looks great. This is my first leather band watch as Im not a fan but it may have changed my mind about that. I get tons of compliments! This watch is well worth the price and I would definitely recommend purchasing it.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|I found this DVD on Netflix and had to have a copy of my own. I won't go into a description of this movie as many others already have but somehow I have to believe that Jane Austen would find this version most amusing and would love, even though she was somewhat of a Country Girl, to visit Amanda's London. I, and I'm sure you will, love this movie.
B0013D6LEM|5.0|Thriller is what introduced me to Michael Jackson. After seeing all the videos on MTV, I had to have this album. I remember my mother taking me to Tower Records to get this album. From beginning to end it's flawless, I mean how often do you like every single song on a album. It sure got quite a bit of play on my record player. Even when I hear the songs now they remind me just how genius Thriller was and still is. It continues to be one of my favorite albums to this day. Thank You, Michael Jackson for sharing your musical masterpiece with us all!
0452289963|5.0|I strongly recommend this book for everyone.  Regardless of who you are, you will be enriched by the author's message and you will have a deeper understanding of YOU and your life's purpose.
031606792X|1.0|Really, I don't have anything more to say than that.<br /><br />The idea was a good one. The execution is considerably worse than the worst fanfiction I've read.<br /><br />Appalling that this rubbish ever got published.
1861976127|5.0|Lynne Truss's delightful, funny, truthful book on punctuation in English is a joy.  Knowing myself for a pedant, I had thought my obsession with the misplaced apostrophe and other printed sins was an isolated case! Reading \\"Eats, Shoots and Leaves ...\\" I now find that zero tolerance is a norm with others, possibly even many others.  How wonderful to find one has an Inner Stickler - and all is well!
B000026I8U|5.0|Uno de los mejores cds de rock en espanol, Manu Chao es un genio de la musica sus letras son tan reales y su musica es fantastica.
0307346617|5.0|I'm too squeamish to watch zombie movies or any other horror movie, so books are where I get my thrills 'n' chills fix.  World War Z was an excellent book, it is so engaging!  I read it and convinced my husband to at least read a couple chapters, and he got pulled into the story and didn't put it down until he'd read the entire book.  I need to read it again as I first read it when it came out, so it's been well over a year.  It's that good, it has re-reading potential.
1568987846|5.0|Opened my eyes to the soft beauty of the morning hours.  I take more notice of the morning now especially since I am not a morning person at all, this is a big deal.  Great project.  Great Book. Inspiring if you like to take photographs or just want a mini-vacation throughout the day, flip through the pages....stress relief will follow. BUY IT!! BUY MORE THAN ONE AND GIVE IT TO A FRIEND OR A STRANGER.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|The awaited box set of the first season of HBO's True Blood was definitely not dissapointing.  I as a host of others was enthralled every Sunday night at 9pm watching the series.  Anna Paquin is toally outstanding in her way of transforming her character to make you belive she was really raised in the town of Bon Temps.  As are all of the other characters in this series, the mystery involved in finding out who is really \\"what\\" is entwined with a mind holding story that truly brings the books to life.  This series may be too risque for many, especially smaller children so it should be previewed before showing it at the family reunion.  All in all, very worthwhile entertainment and I can't wait for the second series, hopefully it will be better than most sequels.
B000002UTY|5.0|I'm glad to get a chance to say something about this album and band.  I lived in the Bay Area when things were really starting to take off.  My friends and I were Guitar God Worshippers.  I won't bother to list our favorites but, for example, when the Doors came to town, we ignored Morrison and crowded around Robby Krieger's place on the stage.  When the first Quicksilver album came out, we wore it out.  (As simple as it may seem to be today, it is important to remember that at that time, we had never heard anything like it.)  When Happy Trails came out, we could not believe what we were hearing.  Gary Duncan's playing on the second part of Who Do You Love (When Do You Love) is still 'acid etched' in my mind as some of the best guitar work ever recorded.  I mean it.  Forty years later, I can still play it in my head.  We saw them at the Filmore in San Francisco it was one of the best  shows I ever saw there.  Cipollina was the 'showier' player, with effects and tremolo.  But it was Duncan who played the \\"tasty' stuff.  He was and still is a Guitar God in my old mind and if you haven't heard  him you are missing out.  I agree with the reviewer who said they were best before Valenti joined up.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|To say the least, \\"Up\\" is a fantastic movie that has something to say for all ages, even for adults. I believe Up sets itself apart from all the other movies in the Disney/Pixar catalog.    So far all of Disney/Pixar Blu-rays have had stunning picture quality. I am expecting the same for \\"Up\\" and hope that it's filled with plenty of extras, commentator(s) tracks, and possibly shorts as well.    Still though, the movie alone is definitely worth a buy!
B001NERPHS|5.0|I really love both Bob Dylan and The Band and have to say that this is a wonderful album to own... regardless if you are a fan. The music on this album is is great in that you won't hear a lot of repeats from other Bob or The Band albums. The songs are unique gems and the fact that there are two discs makes it twice as good. I strongly encourage anyone looking for a fantastic album to invest in this one.
B001P9KR8U|1.0|Unless your exposure to modern-day Rome has left you completely callous about inhumanity, especially extreme violence toward children, you will not enjoy this movie! No about of \\"happy ending\\" can justify paying to watch the events leading up to it.
1905654294|3.0|After reading the neg reviews for BD I was almost afraid to read it. I wondered if maybe I should let my own imagination finish the saga for me. The bond between Edward and Bella was eternal in my heart and I didn't have to read the words to know she would reach her goal of immortality and they (humans and wolves included) would find a way to make things work.<br /><br />But I took a chance (danged curiosity!).<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised to find I didn't hate it, but the introduction of Renesmee is still bothersome to me on a few levels. I have no problem suspending disbelief long enough to accept the pregnancy could happen in the first place. If you got this far in the story trying to make everything fit neatly into reality, I think you missed a few pages...  What I can't wrap my heart around is the notion that a baby fixes everything. She becomes the glue that holds nearly everyone involved (including the reader?) together. I would rather we had let the fated bond of Edward and Bella be strong enough to accomplish this on it's own.<br /><br />My other issue seems to stem from this feeling that her existence somehow diluted nearly every relationship to which we've gotten so attached. Jacob suddenly doesn't have to reconcile his fears of losing Bella. The fierce passion that drove us crazy about Edward is now tamed to the point of boredom. Charlie is just ok with everything that's been dropped in his lap and the cop in him doesn't want to know the truth?!? Bella's focus is too quickly redirected away from her primary objective (Edward).<br /><br />We do lose the edge on most of the characters; sad when the development of that edge stretched seemlessly thru three other books!<br /><br />On the whole I think this is an acceptable way to tie up the story but not the culmination of this pressure-cooker plot that I was dreaming of. Maybe when the time comes the writers of the movie will take some artistic liberties with the plot and character development and give the disappointed fans the ending we felt we'd earned.g we felt we'd earned.
B001V7YWTQ|4.0|Muy buena calidad de sonido, en acorde con la calidad de EC y SW. Merece la pena
0061537969|5.0|As always, I do not spend time repeating reviews you have already read, but instead, tell you my 'feelings' about books.<br />  I enter the book store and, as always, start my trek to the History section.  but on the way, my eyes glance over and see this book.  I really don't read much fiction but after glancing at a few pages, knew I had to read this one.<br />  What an amazing story!  \\"Enzo\\" has more wisdom than most any human I have ever met.  You must read it for yourself and then sit back and ponder all this old dog has to say.<br />  I'll finish my review with this statement.  \\"I closed the book, got into my car and drove to the cemetery where my mother and sister are buried.  As I entered, there was this sign that said 'No Dogs Allowed.'  I thought to myself, 'If they only knew.'  I stood at the graves of my loved ones and cried because I missed them.  That wasn't the only reason, though.  I cried because Enzo had not been around to teach me how I should have appreciated them.\\"<br />  This is a book of fiction that I have chosen to accept as a book of fact.
B00005YXZH|1.0|This product came simply with the CD and no cover art.  It should have been listed as \\"acceptable\\" at best.  The description was very misleading.  If I simply wanted the audio, I would download it in digital form.
0061537969|5.0|Stein has created a warm-hearted, suspenseful, literary novel, told entirely from a dog's perspective.   Without giving away the story, this is a work about life: love, loss, death, forgiveness, triumph through adversity, and joy.  \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" is Garth Stein's metaphor for life, but there are many metaphors and similes, making this novel one to savor, enjoy and remember.  I have written a few reviews on amazon.com since I read a lot of books. But, I don't often read a novel that makes such an impact as did this one.   This book is a wonderful read!!
B000000IRB|5.0|Have been a Pink Floyd fan for a while now, and well, just decided to see if the quality was any different. I am glad that I made the purchase because I enjoy the quality that this provides.
0385341008|5.0|The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is one of those rare books that you just can't put down . I really hated to see it come to an end. Real characters in a Post WWII setting ,on Great Britain's Guernsey Island . A book mysteriously finds it's way into the hands of an English author, who begins her quest to meet the people who organized the society  and endured Nazi occupation of their island. A great read.
B001FB55H6|5.0|Destined to become a classic, Watchmen is like no superhero movie you've ever seen. It reveals in an incredibly believeable way, how anyone who would choose to run around in a costume beating people up must be some sort of zealot/fetishist/psychopath. remember that nobody save for Dr. Manhattan has any superpowers, and you'll understand what I mean.    It also shows how the existence of people like this would have altered the course of history in obvious and subtle ways. Nixon campaigning for a fourth term? Awesome. And now we know who was behind JFK's assassination (and who carried it out!) Don't miss the cameo by \\"Lee Iacocca\\"! LOL    As for the fanboy whining (and to be honest, I haven't seen very much of that, but I'll address it anyway because it's fun) I've been a huge fan of Watchmen since it was originally published in the mid-80's and I have to say EVERY change they made for this film was an improvement! Trust me, I'm shocked that I'm saying that, but it's true.    Rorscach's \\"origin\\" retains the coolness of him \\"becoming\\" Rorschach years after he misguidedly thought he already was, but is FAR more powerful as portrayed in the film. It makes more sense than the scene in the comic and brilliantly does away with the Mad Max ripoff with the handcuffs and the hacksaw.      The new ending is more poignant, makes far, far more sense, and even ties together strands from the original comic's plot (especially those involving Ozy and Dr. Manhattan) in ways so much more clever than the original, that Moore should be kicking himself for not having come up with it himself.    Can't wait to see the Director's Cut!
B0016K40KY|4.0|When I first saw this a lot of it went right over my head!<br />I saw the Young Indian Jones about how the Arabs were treated at the treaty meeting in France.<br />The Germans fought the first world war basically because the British and French were backing them into a corner.<br />The British Empire despite all the history we get was just not a real nice<br />way to treat other people?<br />T. E. Lawrence was in this movie a pawn of the British used to get Arab<br />terrorists to attack the Turkish troops. No one can say that the Turks were nice, just they were civilization in the Islamic sense.<br />But oil was a new motive and the middle east was an important part of the future that the British Empire needed.<br />Saying that the fellow Lawrence was used and ultimately abused<br />by the process may well be a simplification.<br />My opinion is that he may have been abused by this movie<br />( after the fact). But the movie also made history<br />and brought a new way to look at historical figures in film.
B00278U1W0|5.0|I WENT TO THE SHOW IN PHILADELPHIA AFTER WATCHING THIS DVD. IF YOU LIKE THE OLD CLAPTON,TRAFFIC AND BLIND FAITH STUFF BUY IT. BLUE RAY IS GREAT!
1423113497|5.0|I purchased this series for my 12 year old son, for summer reading  and I could not put them down !! the writer makes the images come to life. I have just ordered book 5 and Im so dissapointed that it is the final book in this series.  I liked them more than Harry Potter..
B000FP2OPY|5.0|I admit that I was a bit doubtful about this show. I seriously thought this was Hollywood's attempt at luring teenage girls into the horror genre, by having two pretty boys as the main stars. Well, I couldn't be more mistaken by that assumption.<br /><br />I'm a big fan of Kolchak: The Night Stalker, The X-Files, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer. So I know what's good and bad when it comes to horror and the occult in general. Supernatural is a television series which complements the other shows I mentioned and gives the viewer more.<br /><br />Unlike Buffy or Kolchak, Supernatural covers an encyclopedic list of monsters and urban legends throughout the series, with a breadth I never thought I'd see in a tv series. If you can name a monster, it was probably covered in one of the seasons.<br /><br />And, it's really cool that each episode is accompanied by a classic rock soundtrack. The licensing for just those sound clips must take a large chunk out of the show's budget, I can tell you that.<br /><br />Another cool thing about Supernatural is the Batman-like black vintage sports car the brothers ride around in. It reminds me of the old 1960's Batman with Adam West.<br /><br />If you love horror or the occult, do yourself a favor and buy this DVD set. It's worth having in your collection.
B002DKGWSO|3.0|Wes Craven's The Last House on the Left was released in 1972 and I heard from many people who were old enough to see it when it first came out (like my dad) that it was the most shocking thing anyone had ever seen. To this day the original is still a raw and often disgusting piece of cinema, so being that in 2009 films can push the envelope even more, I didn't know how far this thing would go.<br /><br />It's shocking, brutal and gross, but it didn't just go the buckets of blood route. Yes, there is some gore, but compared to films like Hostel and SAW this is quite tame. What does get under your skin is the rape scene. I read that some people witnessed others leave the theater at this point and they never came back. I guess they didn't see the original or read up on what they paid to see before plopping in their seat. It shows little skin compared to the 1972 version, but it's a long scene that is painful to watch.<br /><br />The cast is quite good, though most are actors whose names you won't know. The father, played by Tony Goldwyn, and the leader of the killers, played by Garrett Dillahunt were the standouts.<br /><br />For a film as gritty as this one, the cinematography is polished and takes away a little bit of the raw power that the original had. I actually don't think Wes Craven's 1972 flick holds up well today and thought this remake was better.<br /><br />Make sure you are in the right frame of mind before seeing this one. By that I mean, don't watch The Last House on the Left and expect to be in a good mood when you leave. While it's a pleasure to see the parents take out the villains one by one to avenge their daughter, you will leave the theater looking for the bright sun to make you feel clean again. Too bad it was raining when I got out. Don't worry, I think I'll be okay.
B0010YPTGU|4.0|As usual, Bocelli's performance is wonderful.  The guest artists are great as well.  With playback via my Onkyo DV-SP800 DVD player and upconverted to 1080p via my Sony DA3400-ES receiver, the video quality is very good for standard DVD (I was hoping for a Blu-ray version of this recording, but purchased as a gift and couldn't wait any longer).  The sound is quite good too in standard DD 5.1 (enhanced with the receivers Dolby PLIIx processing helps).  Would highly recommend for any fan of Andrea's music.
B0014DBZY2|5.0|just a fantastic album...i'd say the foals are one of the tightest bands to come along in a long, long time. a top ten album for the decade, easily.
B00003BDXG|5.0|This dvd was in better shape than the one I had stolen from my collection. Very clean, pristine condition, both the dvd and the case. Thank you!
B000H7JCG4|5.0|i bought beverly hills 90210 to bask in its retro glory, and i did. horrible acting but addicting plots. love it
B000066NW0|5.0|this is avril lavigne first album which i think is her best album when she came out with the music video complicated i was 11 in the 5th grade 2003 i thought it would be cool and fun to hang out with avril lavigne. i liked under my skin but the best damn thing was a bit disapointing i cant wait for when ever her next album comes out.
B000PUB9I2|5.0|Francil Cabrel is the essence of French pop!  His voice will transport you into a sing along, toe tapping, body swaying happiness and you will find yourself humming his tunes day and night!  I highly recommend this highly talented, gifted artist!
0446691437|4.0|Its a easy book to read and interesting view of the author about what eventually force us to not move forward in our lives.
B0000025F7|5.0|Though, Michael began his solo career in 1972 with his first-ever album entitled, GOT TO BE THERE, to me, his solo career took a turn for the even-better when he released, OFF THE WALL, his sixth solo album, in 1979. OFF THE WALL is a great album with many great songs featured.<br /><br />\\"DON'T STOP 'TIL YOU GET ENOUGH\\"<br />  The first single from the album. I never really cared too much for this song when I was a kid, but I find this song to be growing on me.<br /><br />\\"ROCK WITH YOU\\"<br />  The second single from the album. This was always one of my favorite songs from MJ. The outfit he wore in this song's music video had to have been one of the coolest outfits he's ever worn.<br /><br />\\"WORKING DAY AND NIGHT\\"<br />  This was another favorite song of mine, ever since I was a kid. I remember hearing this song for the first time on MJ's \\"The Making of 'Thriller'\\" video. How I wish the song was released as a single. It could done really well on the charts, in my opinion.<br /><br />\\"GET ON THE FLOOR\\"<br />  A great tune.<br /><br />\\"OFF THE WALL\\"<br />  The third single from the album. Another great song. I could listen to this song 24 / 7.<br /><br />\\"GIRLFRIEND\\"<br />  The fifth single from the album. This song was originally recorded by Paul McCartney, who, by the way, had originally written this song with Michael Jackson in mind, then decided to keep this song for himself. Michael then covered this song for this album. Great song.<br /><br />\\"SHE'S OUT OF MY LIFE\\"<br />  The fourth single from the album. This is such a beautiful song, though, at the same time, very sad. Another song that I could listen to 24 / 7.<br /><br />\\"I CAN'T HELP IT\\"<br />  Great song.<br /><br />\\"IT'S THE FALLING IN LOVE\\"  (performed by Michael Jackson & Patti Austin)<br />  Great duet.<br /><br />\\"BURN THIS DISCO OUT\\"<br />  A great song to end this great album.<br /><br />Growing up in throughout the late '80s and throughout the '90s, I had always been a fan of Michael Jackson's. Now, that Michael has sadly passed on, leaving us with his incredible music and memory, I feel like an even bigger fan than I already was. As much as I love his music, I have no idea how I, as do the rest of us, am gonna listen any of his songs without feeling heartbroken over his untimely death. This album, among his many others, will help us to remember Michael as one of the greatest singers and dancers of all time.er fan than I already was. As much as I love his music, I have no idea how I, as do the rest of us, am gonna listen any of his songs without feeling heartbroken over his untimely death. This album, among his many others, will help us to remember Michael as one of the greatest singers and dancers of all time.
B001TOD92C|4.0|[[ASIN:B001TOD92C The Wrestler]] is a very effective and real depiction of the life of a down-on-his-luck wrestler years after his heyday.  Although darkly depressing, this movie is multi-faceted and includes elements of dark humor, drama and an almost documentary realism.<br /><br />If you've seen the trailer for this movie, you already know most of the story.  Mickey Rourke is former wrestler Randy \\"The Ram\\" Robinson.  He holds on to wrestling because the memory of the glory days is all he has left.  He is completely estranged from his daughter, played by Evan Rachel Wood, who resents him for neglecting her for his career.  His most intimate human relationship is with a stripper, played by Marisa Tomei, who probably only sees him as another tip.  And to hold his crumbling life together, he uses drugs, alcohol and every form of escapism he can find.<br /><br />While the basic story and the script for this movie are familiar territory, the way the movie tells that story is what sets it apart.  This is almost an art movie hidden within a mainstream movie.  All of the characters have simple lines that sometimes can border on clich&eacute;, but those things seem to be to have larger symbolic meanings.  As the story develops, we see the relationships between the characters develop and evolve.<br /><br />We also get some insight into the lives of semi-professional and professional wrestlers.  The issues of drug abuse are dealt with candidly.  The small tricks of the trade that they employ in order to make their shows more entertaining are sometimes difficult to watch.  Even a \\"fake\\" wrestling bout can be physically devastating to the human body.<br /><br />Those who are easily offended by gratuitous nudity or violence should steer clear of this.  Similarly, those looking for a tale of redemption should be prepared for a very dark and gritty story.  I think there is redemption here, of a sort, but this is definitely not your typical feel good comeback movie.<br /><br />I can understand those who wanted to see more of Ram's descent, yet I think the shock of seeing him down and out is much more impactful without the linear plot showing us how we got there.  When we are down and out in life, don't we always ask ourselves \\"how did I get here?\\"  Had the movie shown us how he got there, it would have lessened our ability to ask that question like Ram had to of asked himself a few times.  I can also understand why some would have wanted his relationships to be fleshed out a little more.  Personally, I think the way it was done makes it easier to see how isolated Ram has become from everybody in his life.<br /><br />The only disappointments I have with this movie is that the standard DVD was set at a list of $30 and there are no special features.  Here they give us the standard audio and subtitle options but none of the extras I look forward to watching.  I would have loved to learn more about the locations throughout New Jersey as well as the various elements that went into making the movie.  I would also have enjoyed to see interview footage with the wrestlers who were extras in this movie.  The list of potential features is almost limitless and here we got nothing.  I can't help be a little bit disappointed that a film that was listed at \\"Blu-ray\\" prices included nothing more than some previews and standard commentary.<br /><br />CONCLUSION<br /><br />Those who like dramas with dark realism will definitely find this movie worth their while.  I wish they would have included more with the disk but if you haven't seen this yet it is well worth watching.<br /><br />Enjoy.f Ram's descent, yet I think the shock of seeing him down and out is much more impactful without the linear plot showing us how we got there.  When we are down and out in life, don't we always ask ourselves \\"how did I get here?\\"  Had the movie shown us how he got there, it would have lessened our ability to ask that question like Ram had to of asked himself a few times.  I can also understand why some would have wanted his relationships to be fleshed out a little more.  Personally, I think the way it was done makes it easier to see how isolated Ram has become from everybody in his life.    The only disappointments I have with this movie is that the standard DVD was set at a list of $30 and there are no special features.  Here they give us the standard audio and subtitle options but none of the extras I look forward to watching.  I would have loved to learn more about the locations throughout New Jersey as well as the various elements that went into making the movie.  I would also have enjoyed to see interview footage with the wrestlers who were extras in this movie.  The list of potential features is almost limitless and here we got nothing.  I can't help be a little bit disappointed that a film that was listed at \\"Blu-ray\\" prices included nothing more than some previews and standard commentary.    CONCLUSION    Those who like dramas with dark realism will definitely find this movie worth their while.  I wish they would have included more with the disk but if you haven't seen this yet it is well worth watching.      Enjoy.
B0000025RI|5.0|In 1982, Michael had released one of the all-time greatest albums in music history: THRILLER. This album speaks pure greatness, which is why Michael brought home a total of eight grammy awards.     \\"WANNA BE STARTIN' SOMETHIN'\\"     The fourth single from the album. This is just an all-around awesome dance track. Definitely one of Michael's very best songs.    \\"BABY BE MINE\\"     A cool song.    \\"THE GIRL IS MINE\\"  (performed by Michael Jackson & Paul McCartney)     The first single from the album. This was such an incredible duet. Paul's vocals, as always, are amazing. Both Paul and Michael sound great together. And, as it turns out, this would not be the last time Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson would record together. On Paul McCartney's 1983 album, PIPES OF PEACE, there are two duets between he and Michael: \\"Say, Say, Say\\", which was released as a single and became a big hit, and \\"The Man\\".    \\"THRILLER\\"     The seventh single from the album. Everyone, fan or not, has heard this song. If you don't know this song, then I don't how that's possible. This is one of the greatest songs, ever. The video for this song remains one of Michael's greatest music videos.    \\"BEAT IT\\"     The third single from the album. I was never partial to this one. But I have to admit that beat and rhythm are pretty cool.    \\"BILLIE JEAN\\"     The second single from the album. Yet, another awesome MJ tune. In 1983, when Michael performed this one on \\"Motown 25\\", Michael had debuted the legender ... \\"Moonwalk\\". What an awesome moment.    \\"HUMAN NATURE\\"     The fifth single from the album. This was always such a great, mellow song.    \\"P.Y.T. (PRETTY YOUNG THING)\\"     The sixth single from the album. Another awesome tume. The \\"Pretty Young Thing\\" female vocals actually belong to Michael's sisters: La Toya & Janet.    \\"THE LADY IN MY LIFE\\"     I never liked this song too much, either.    As I said before, this is one Michael's greatest, greatest, greatest albums. This is an album that I havenot stopped listening to. It's amazing how I have not yet worn out my copy of this CD. What an awesome album. No other words can describe this album.
B001SMC91M|5.0|This was a gift for my husband & he likes it very much.  The sound is great.
B0000026WD|5.0|In 1991, Michael gave us his ninth album entitled, DANGEROUS. Once again, Michael proves to us that he truly is the King of Pop. Just about every song on this album is amazing.    \\"JAM\\"  (performed by Michael Jackson & Heavy D)     The fifth single from the album. At first, I wasn't too keen with this song, but about ... five years ago, I listened to the song again and it had grown on me. Definitely a great song.    \\"WHY YOU WANNA TRIP ON ME\\"     Great song.    \\"IN THE CLOSET\\"  (performed by Michael Jackson & Princess Stèphanie of Monaco)     The third single from the album. Damn! Michael really wanted a sexual song and he got it. This is one sexy song. In the song's music video, (sexy) model, Naomi Campbell, appears as Michael's lady friend, where she actually re-recorded Princess Stèphanie of Monaco's vocals.    \\"SHE DRIVES ME WILD\\"     Great song.    \\"REMEMBER THE TIME\\"     The second single from the album. Michael continues to reel out the awesome dance tracks. The song's music video is another one of Michael's greatest and one of his most elaborate. Eddie Murphy appears in the video as Pharroh Ramses, as the video takes place in Egypt. Iman, David Bowie's now-wife, appears in the video as the Pharro's queen, who, is \\"Bored. I want to be entertained. Can my Pharroh find some way to entertain his Queen?\\" After two failed entertainers, a mysterious man approaches, throws onto the floor, three handfuls of gravel, stands on the gravel, and mysteriously disappears, leaving his black cloak. Suddenly the gravely and clock turn into gold, which then morphs into Michael, where the song finally begins, with Michael flirting with Egypt's Queen.    \\"CAN'T LET HER GET AWAY\\"     Great song.    \\"HEAL THE WORLD\\"     The sixth single from the album. What a great ballad with an extremely positive and true message.    \\"BLACK OR WHITE\\"     The first single from the album. What a great song. The message being sent out is one of the greatest messages ever. The video was directed byJohn Landis, who is famous for directing such movies as \\"Kentucky Fried Movie\\", \\"Schlock\\", \\"Blues Brothers\\", \\"Trading Places\\", \\"An American Werewolf In London\\", as well as Michael Jackson's video for \\"Thriller\\".    \\"WHO IS IT\\"     The fourth single from the album. Great song.    \\"GIVE IN TO ME\\"     The seventh single from the album, though, released in the UK & New Zealand only. Once again, Michael decided to rock out. This song is way too awesome, and is my favorite from the album.    \\"WILL YOU BE THERE\\"     The eighth single from the album. Not only was this song the album's eighth single, but it was also the theme song for the 1993 Drama / Family film, \\"Free Willy\\". I never cared for this song.    \\"KEEP THE FAITH\\"     Great song.    \\"GONE TOO SOON\\"     The ninth single from the album. Great tune.    \\"DANGEROUS\\"     The album's title track. Great song.
B000002UAO|5.0|This was purchased as a gift for my husband.  The Beatles are his most favorite group & the sound is excellent.
B00000269M|5.0|In 1987, two years after Michael's involvement with USA For Africa's \\"We Are The World\\", Michael released his eighth album entitled, BAD. I don't know about anybody else, but this album is a big favorite of mine. I mean... besides THRILLER, of course. Pretty much every song on here rocks my world ... no pun intended.    \\"BAD\\"     The second single from the album. Always a great song to listen to. The music video to this song is one of my favorites. I always loved how Michael turned his songs into short films. This video features Michael as a young man named, Daryl, coming home from school, after a successful term, for a Winter Break. He is greeted by his three best friends, one of which, is played by an up-and-coming Wesley Snipes. At first, the reunion is a happy one. But as the night wears on, the guys see a major change in Daryl, as he is trying to clean up his life and break free of his bad habits. He swears them off by saying he's still down and bad, where he tries to show them by robbing an elderly man, but Daryl backs out and lets the old man go. His three friends confront him angrily, where the song finally kicks in.    \\"THE WAY YOU MAKE ME FEEL\\"     The third single from the album. Another a great song. The harmony vocals are just awesome. The song is accompanied by a great music video, as well.    \\"SPEED DEMON\\"      Though, never released as a single, this great tune was accompanied by a music video featured on Michael Jackson's, \\"Moonwalker\\" video, where Michael is dressed as a clay-mation rabbit to escape a crazy mob of clay-mation fans and paparazzi.    \\"LIBERIAN GIRL\\"     The ninth single from the album, though, released as a single in Europe and Australia only. Great song. The music video is another one of Michael's best, as features many celebrities gathered around a Hollywood set, waiting to film Michael's music video. At the very end of the video, everyone discovers that Michael was filming them all along. The celebrities that appear in this track's music video are as follows:    \\"Beverly Johnson\\"  \\"Malcolm-Jamal Warner\\"  \\"Sherman Hemsley\\"  \\"Brigitte Nielsen\\"  \\"Paula Abdul\\"  \\"Carl Weathers\\"  \\"Whoopi Goldberg\\"  \\"Quincey Jones\\"  \\"Jackie Collins\\"  \\"Amy Irving\\"  \\"Jasmine Guy\\"  \\"Rosana Arquette\\"  \\"Billy Dee Williams\\"  \\"Lou Diamond Phillips\\"  \\"Olivia Newton-John\\"  \\"John Travolta\\"  \\"Corey Feldman\\"  \\"Steven Spielberg\\"  \\"Debbie Gibson\\"  \\"Rich Schroder\\"  \\"Blair Underwood\\"  \\"Weird Al Yankovic\\"  \\"Bubbles\\"  \\"Suzanne Somers\\"  \\"Lou Ferrigno\\"  \\"Don King\\"  \\"Emmanulle Lewis\\" (credited as \\"Son\\")  \\"Mayim Bialik\\"  \\"Virginia Madsen\\"  \\"David Copperfield\\"  \\"Richard Dreyfuss\\"  \\"Emily Dreyfuss\\"  \\"Danny Glover\\"  \\"Olivia Hussey\\"  \\"Dan Aykroyd\\"  \\"Steve Guttenberg\\"    \\"JUST GOOD FRIENDS\\"  (performed by Michael Jackson & Stevie Wonder)      Great song. Not a fan of Stevie Wonder's, but still a great duet.    \\"ANOTHER PART OF ME\\"     The sixth single from the album. Great song.    \\"MAN IN THE MIRROR\\"     The fourth single from the album. This song is so powerful, lyrically and musically. And Michael's vocals sound just as powerful. What an awesome song. This song will always be in my heart, in dedication to Michael.    \\"I JUST CAN'T STOP LOVING YOU\\"  (performed by Michael Jackson & Siedah Garrett)     The first single from the album. What a beautiful ballad. Siedah's vocals are incredible.    \\"DIRTY DIANA\\"     The fifth single from the album. Damn! Listen to Michael rockin' it out. What an awesome, kick-a** song.    \\"SMOOTH CRIMINAL\\"      The seventh single from the album. Another one MJ's greatest songs. The video features Michael in his infamous forward-lean dance move.    \\"LEAVE ME ALONE\\" (Bonus Track featured on CD release)      The eighth single from the album. Been a favorite of mine ever since MJ's \\"Moonwalker\\" video was released.     With this album, Michael shows how down and bad he really is. Michael, with this album, proves to us that he'll always be the King of Pop.
0790729350|5.0|As I have seen this many times since it first came out on in the theater and then on VHS, to DVD and now Blu-Ray, many times I now just fast-forward chapters to the music, enjoying my favorite performances in this epic documentary of the most famous rock concert of all time. If I want to reminisce about the period, I watch the whole thing.  Either way, it's always fun.  (This review is about the movie only.)     Not only do you get a ton of music, but you see a half million people weathering storms, the mess, drugs, port-o-johns, drugs, dancing, skinny-dipping, drugs, eating,  making new friends, drugs.....you get the idea.    Music-wise, everyone has their favorites so I'll put a plug or two in for the artists I've always enjoyed watching the most in this movie: Ten Years After; Sly And The Family Stone; Canned Heat, The Who, Richie Havens, Santana, Sha Na Na, Country Joe And The Fish, The Jefferson Airplane and Crosby, Stills and Nash.
1595141979|5.0|Shadow Kiss completely wrapped its every last word around me and choked me silent with anticipation every turn of a page. Rose has finally realized that there is a bigger meaning to being \\"shadow kissed\\" then just sharing a powerful bond with her best friend. In this realization, changes start to surround her in a negative way.<br />She starts to question her life, her relationships, and her supposed delusions. In conclusion, even without having all the answers, one thing is unquestionably certain, her unconditional love and devotion to Dimitri and later she learns that the feeling is utterly mutual. Two halves to make the most beautiful and perfect whole.<br />Protecting Moroi always comes first, as is the dhampir motto. During the heat of battle and finding the whereabouts of the enemy by way of a dear friend who had since past. Things spiral downward and never stop until it reaches complete darkness.<br />I have been weeping for a few days every so often I ponder about the book. Always thinking of how things could have been different if only they may have taken the opposed approach; but since Rose's maturity and discipline has risen way beyond her years, it seems the only explanation is that it was just meant to be the way it proceeded, how ever morbidly devastating it was. Anxiety and depression has set in as the wait for what Ms Mead will throw at us next. Bleedingly heavy on the heart, yet I could never get enough. The series gets better and better.
B000E8QVWY|4.0|Watching this movie when I came out,it couldn't help but remind me, in a number of respects. to \\"Ray,\\" a film out a year earlier. Both were biographies of singers of a similar era, the main difference between the color of their skin, Ray being Ray Charles, of course, and this movie about Johnny Cash.    Both singers (and films):    1 - had a brother who died early on in their lives which affected them for years and years; 2 - were made to feel guilty about those deaths even though there was no reason for that guilt; 3 - had adulterous affairs as their singing careers began to take off; 4 - became addicted to drugs and beat that addiction; 5 - made bold decisions regarding their careers that went against prevailing thought but turned out to be the right decisions; 6 - movies featured outstanding music and slick photography; 7 - movies were fast-moving and interesting to view all the way through despite being over two hours long; 8 - featured wonderful acting performances.    In Walk The Line, Joaquin Phoenix, who plays Cash, goes one up on Jamie Foxx, who played Charles, because Phoenix did his own singing....and he was very good. The same applies to Reese Witherspoon as \\"June Carter.\\" Her singing talent surprised me. It makes the film all the more believable when you know the actors are actually singing.    I am not familiar with Ginnifer Goodwin, who played Cash's first wife, but I think she gets unfairly ignored in the publicity of this film. Perhaps the biggest surprise was seeing Robert Patrick as Cash's father. Wasn't this the same young, trim villain in Terminator 2, which wasn't out that long ago? How can this be the same guy?!!    I think this was the better of the two films, not just because of the realism but Charles seemed almost cold, no love in him, no commitment to any woman or his own kids, while Cash has a lot of more heart to him, even if it was misplaced at times.    That seems to be the major theme of the WTL movie: the romance between Cash and Carter. Unfortunately, that's my only complaint about this film. This movie glamorizes this affair between Cash and Carter just a little too much, manipulating the audience to the point where we all want this couple to live happily ever after forgetting that Cash was married to another nice woman with two kids. Yeah, some of the ugly parts of adultery are shown but not to the degree the sweetness of this illicit romance is portrayed. The movie does not send a strong enough message that the right thing to do is for Cash to be a good father and husband in the first place and for Carter to stay away from him - period. The worst scene in the film might be Cash's two kids crying their eyes out watching their parents fight. Adultery always kills the kids more than anyone, which is one big reason I was sorry to see the Cash & Carter affair so romanticized.    I'd have liked to have seen Cash's prison ministry detailed a little more since he was so faithful in that area, and his Christian testimony in general, which was very strong his last few decades, but the film didn't deal with those last three decades. Too bad, but understandable since there is just so much you can show in two hours. The filmmakers took the tried-and-true road of a romance story instead, which makes sense business-wise.    With all the goods and bads, the film succeeds on being a great piece of entertainment with fantastic music, acting, visuals and a guarantee to please a lot of people, almost as many as Cash did in his eventful life. He was an amazing man and a four-hour film about \\"the rest of the story\\" would have been fine with me.
B000B5XOY8|5.0|This movie is 20 years old, but still as great as ever. For someone who never reads comic books, Tim Burton really give Batman the proper respect and setting he deserves. Gotham City really looks like a dank and dark place where you can tell crime flourishes in the streets. From the darkness of the surgeon's office where the Joker went after being burned, to Wayne Manor, this is Gotham City. You have to have the right setting to really sell the story, and this story is incredible.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson and Michael Keaton both proved the naysayers wrong as they excel in their role as the Joker and Batman. At first glance, it just seems that Nicholson is too old to play the Joker, until it is established that he is at least 10 years older than Wayne in the movie. He really is great Joker. He can really play crazy, and at the same time have a little humor-the perfect Joker. Keaton IS Batman. That is all I can say about that.<br /><br />A million people have reviewed this movie and they can tell you that they love it, and they are right. It still holds up and hasn't aged at all.
0743454537|5.0|I love the way that Jodi adds seven different perspectives. Campbell, his girlfriend (sorry, I don't remember her name), Kate, Anna, Jesse, Brian, Sarah.  We have the dilemma that 13 year old Anna doesn't want her parents to make all the medical decisions for her. Anna has become a lab rat for Kate. She goes to Campbell and decides that she wants a say in what happens to her body.  I don't agree that a 13 year old is mature enough to make adult decision, yet. But I have been wrong before.  But the main idea is at what lengths would you go to save someone that you love.     In her book \\"Nineteen Minutes\\" she does a very good job surprising you with a unexpected twist.  I will not reveal what the twist is. Read the book if you are interested. The same element is in this book as well.  I won't tell those who want to read it.  I have been very pleased with her ending in this book and in \\"Nineteen Minutes\\".     Her subject matter is also very current.  Something that young teens might relate to. School shootings, who has the last say in medical decisions - the mother or the one doing the donating.      Overall, a very good read for those people who are into current events and something with an unexpected twist.
B00186K7EE|1.0|For over $200???  No DVD is worth that much, no matter if the people involved in it died (or so they say) or if they are the second coming God!  Comeona! Even Michael would have said that.  No DVD is worth more than $20. Wait a while, prices DO go down and you won't feel so stupid for buying this item for such high price.  Hey, wanna see some of Michael's great videos and remember him, so go to youtube!  The internet is FREE!  And if they don't have his videos there, just go to sleep...  You can live without this non-sense of a high-price DVD.  But you may go broke, just  like Michael, by buying this it.  Even MICHAEL wouldn't even buy it! It's CRAZY expensive!
1575666286|5.0|My sister bought the book, liked it so much that she bought a copy for me & I have ordered it for others! Everyone should be aware of whole foods & how they keep us healthy.
B0026RHR6K|5.0|I don't know how this happened, but I actually never watched BSG when it first aired. I first saw it when it followed \\"Moonlight\\" on SCI FI (yes, I am one of THOSE crazy Moonlight people) but those were the \\"final episodes\\".  I realized pretty quickly that (a) this was absolutely BRILLIANT stuff and (b) that I had missed to much too start watching now.  Then Comcast put Seasons 1, 2 & 3 on OnDemand so I started there and have been watching one a day since (OK - I admit it, sometimes 2 day!).  Anyway, now I want the complete series and am looking at how to best achieve that.    So - having explained my ignorance, can the BSG diehards please advise me?  Is the \\"Final Episodes\\" what is called \\"Season 4.5\\"?  How do I make sure I get the WHOLE thing (miniseries and all?) would that be the Complete Set?  And what is \\"Season 2.5\\" all about?    Anyone that wants to respond and explain all that -- I realize it isn't a review, but I am really looking for some help here and you guys look like the ones who know.
0380730367|4.0|While I don't think Prayers for Rain is the best of the Kenzie/Gennaro books, I found it thoroughly satisfying.    Like its predecessors, Prayers for Rain takes us through the darker side of Boston, as viewed through the eyes of an appealing, well-drawn set of characters.  In part, this book coasts on the solid characters established in its four predecessors, but it still has altogether amusing dialogue.  The book is worth reading simply to find out how Patrick and Angie interact after the events of Gone Baby Gone.    The plot works reasonably well, though I think some developments are telegraphed in advance.  The villain is particularly devious and despicable, and there are some solid twists thrown in.  Perhaps the climax was a bit rushed, but the ride through most of the book is pretty suspenseful.  While the book clearly benefits by standing on the shoulders of its predecessors, it remains a worthwhile, charming, suspenseful read.  Let's hope that Lehane is not done with these characters.
0385340540|1.0|Predictable, boring, tedious...but hey, I'm sure Grisham got a truckload of cash for this, so I guess someone got to enjoy this book.
1416549447|4.0|optimum book, only some difficulties because of the language, I'm italian mother-language, the translate sometimes lost some words.... if I could finded one in italian language I'enjoined more..
6305781427|5.0|This concert was so successful that it led to several more in the next decade. There is a big different between Yanni's work with his small group and when he performs with a big orchestra, and this was the first evidence of that. I've watched this DVD (earlier, the VHS tape) now for 15 years and it's still some of the best music I've ever heard - and seen. I never get tired of listening or seeing it.  The colors from the purples, reds, yellows, etc that change all the time on the historic Acropolis site are beautiful, almost as beautiful as the music emanating from the musicians.    You can always tell Yanni's personal musicians from the rest of the orchestra: they are dressed a bit different and all have the long hair! The most visible and electric of them all is violinist Karen Briggs, who just astounds with her playing. She and drummer Charlie Adams really ham it up on occasion, but that's part of the fun. Enjoyable, too, are the solos by bassist Rick Federrici and pianist Julie Homi, whose cat-like looks mesmerize me.  Of the above-mentioned musicians, I think only Adams remains with the orchestra.    There is not a bad song in the bunch in this incredible concert. I hate to sound cliché-like, but this music is so good, so classy, it will endure for a long, long time. Music like this never goes out of style.
B001HPP2XW|5.0|One of the best movies ever. Though the ear made it necessary to make only veiled refences to Holly Golightly and \\"Fred\\" the writes, true means of living, it mskes it no less delighful.  It is a An all around fabulous story!
B000NIVJGI|3.0|They left out the Live Concert From the Bonus material From the DVD which would have put the Blue-ray over the Top if they would have included it in instead of leaving it out.
B00005R2M3|5.0|Very pleased, as always, with the speedy receipt of this item. It was bought for my granddaughter and arrived in time for her visit to me. I listed myself to this and really liked the latin tempo.
B001FB55N0|5.0|It's a great movie filled with laughter, and of love. It's amazing what one will do to make his dreams come true.
B000GCFO0S|5.0|I don't understand why critiques such as those from rotten tomatoes gave this movie such a bad review.    Honestly, this movie has some of the best CG scenes I've seen. The story is not as mysterious as Silent Hill 1-3 games, but will still make you wonder what the hell is happening and in the end will explain events in a very satisfactory way. Plus, they have chosen a pretty good actor for central character, Radha Mitchell.    MOST IMPORTANTLY, FANS OF PYRMIDHEADS, this is a MUST SEE for you guys.    I think all this movie requires is some PATIENCE which most of the audience these days don't have. And while it is not one of the best horrors I have seen. It definitely has good deal of horror component to it. Even if you don't buy it, PLEASE at least rent it and give it a shot. You won't be disappointed.
B001EAWMGA|5.0|This movie should have been much bigger in the box office.  It was a cool mix between Riddic and Pathfinder.  If you are the type of person that enjoys action/scifi movies, then this Outlander shouldn't disappoint.
1592289444|5.0|One of the best survival and adventure stories I've read so far. I'm a big fan of the type of literature that depicts the power of the human will to endure even the most unimaginative yet plausible conditions. In The Long Walk, Slavomir Ravitz details the account of his painful trek to a Russian concentration camp in Siberia (hundreds of days in duration in extreme inhuman conditions), then the careful planning and escape that took him across 4,000 mile of the Siberian, Mongolian (including the Gobi desert) Chinese, Himalayas and finally Indian land. Not all of escapees who accompany Ravitz made it through to the end.<br /><br />The story is extremely well crafted, very engaging and utterly heart braking. One connects with the Ravitz's superhuman drive for freedom and for a brief period of time embarks on a personal spiritual trek as the endless snow fields, dangerous mountains, dunes of sand, hunger and death test and fortify his character.<br /><br />Books on similar topics: Skeletons of the Zahara by Dean King or In the Land of White Death by Valerian Albanov.
B0015AARJI|5.0|This is a great product, its an original from sony, so you can't really get much better than that... I like the rumble feature, I am accustomed to that, and didn't even consider the PS3 before the rumble feature came on stream... Nice Controller charge lasts just as long from my experience so far, thought the rumble would drain the charge much faster, but it feels great and works like a charm... what else is there to say?
0807014273|4.0|In Man's search for meaning, Frankel details the account of his survival in a concentration camp and introduces the foundation of his idea on Logotherapy.<br /><br />Many of you are familiar with the atrocities committed by the Nazis in the concentration camps during the Second World War. One only needs to look at the terribly gaunt faces<br />staring from the pictures taken at some of the camps to shudder at the thought of the horrific experiences of these unfortunate people. For the lucky few who survived, only to discover their entire families were exterminated, existence most certainly<br />seemed meaningless.<br /><br />By all accounts, Victor Frankel should have easily succumbed to a destructive behavior immediately after his liberation from a camp in Bohemia. Surviving some of the most<br />horrific encounters of those times, including overcoming a deadly case of typhoid fever, he was informed that his wife, his father, mother, and brother were all killed in various camps. Rather than commit suicide, he struggled to find meaning in his survival. It was this search for meaning that shaped the idea for a new brand in psychotherapy called<br />Logotherapy. Through this therapy, which literary means \\"healing through reason,\\" he helped numerous patients focus on the challenges of their personal search for meaning in life. It would do justice to mention that he found a way to cope with his losses, marry, have a daughter, two grandchildren, and a great granddaughter. He taught at the University of Vienna until he was 85, wrote over 30 books, and was nominated for the<br />Nobel Peace Prize.<br /><br />A very good read and highly recommended for those in search of life's meaning.
B001PR0Y5S|4.0|Better than expected romantic comedy.<br /><br />Sandra Bullock (Rush Hour, Ms. Congeniality, et al.) is the wicked witch of the Ruick book firm, who runs the office with an iron hand.  Ryan Reynolds (X-Men Origins, Just Friends) is Andrew, her assistant.<br /><br />Sandra plays Margaret, who fires her competition and forces Ryan's character to skip his grandmother's 90th birthday and work on the weekend.<br /><br />Unfortunately for Margaret, she never handled that minor problem with the US Immigration Office and needs to be deported back to Canada and give up her job.<br /><br />I know, let's get \\"married\\" and then a quickie divorce and all is okay.<br /><br />The silliness ensues.<br /><br />Yes, this is a romantic comedy with the guy who hates the girl and then who gradually gets to like her.  And there are unusual characters and situations.<br /><br />What's pleasant about the film is not so much its predictability but the comedic timing and chemistry between Ryan and Sandra.  It's really great.  And no toilet humor, no raunchy stupid jokes that seem to be the current Hollywood standard.<br /><br />When Margaret gets on the wedding gown and gets the family heirloom from 'grandma', there is a tearful moment and a realization that she's never had a family or friends who have as much love and admiration than Andrew's family (who by the way practically own the whole town in Sitka, Alaska).<br /><br />Directed by Anne Fletcher, who also produced the Jennifer Lopez hit, The Wedding Planner.<br /><br />Most of the film takes place in Alaska and there are some great scenes and cinematography, though I understand it was actually filmed in the wilds of the New England states.<br /><br />Betty White, at 87 and still acting, steals the show with her wit and humor.<br /><br />A must-see, not your run of the mill average romantic comedy.<br /><br />Other Bullock Busters:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0007PLLBU Miss Congeniality (Deluxe Edition)]]<br />[[ASIN:B000OT6V6E Rush Hour 2 (Special Edition)]]<br />[[ASIN:B000HEWEE4 The Lake House (Widescreen Edition)]]<br /><br />Ryan Reynolds' no Slouch:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001GCUO16 X-Men Origins: Wolverine (Two-Disc Edition + Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]]<br />[[ASIN:B000BKUX1K Just Friends]]<br />[[ASIN:B000TGVD1U Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place]]Slouch:    [[ASIN:B001GCUO16 X-Men Origins: Wolverine (Two-Disc Edition + Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]]  [[ASIN:B000BKUX1K Just Friends]]  [[ASIN:B000TGVD1U Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place]]
B001TIDXTM|4.0|After being disappointed with Eclipse & the way Meyer seemed to water down the characters and sort of make them almost unlikeable.  I was braced for something similiar in Breaking Dawn.  However, I was pleasantly surprised to find that the characters' dialogue was interesting.  The plot line was basically pretty good - descriptions of Bella & Edward's future were rewarding for the Twilight reader.  My only complaint, I think the author tried to wrap up things, which were very complicated, too quickly at the end.  I found myself wondering if she brought so many characters in at the end as a set up for future books?  I've heard this novel finishes the Twilight saga.  I hope not, I for one would like to find out what becomes of Renesme and Jacob.
B000QCTNIW|2.0|The point is simple: mental processing is flexible, at any age. In other words, as the author puts it, the brain has plasticity, not rigidly mapped, as many scientists wrongly believed for a long time, and many likely still do. If you're interested in reading about how stupid scientists, one in particular, repeatedly tortured and mutilated animals to learn what could have been simply observed, this is the book for you. Worth a magazine article, but makes for a very repetitious book. If anything, demonstrates how scientists are generally belief-driven imbeciles like everyone else.
B000L212HC|4.0|Good cast and excellent acting.  Good story that keeps your attention with all the suspense.  This is a movie that you will watch more than once.
0765348276|4.0|This book clicks on all cylinders.  It's true-blue science fiction, but not so far out that it becomes fantasy.  A good story built around interesting and highly imaginative ideas.  I was sorry that it ended so quickly, and will definitely read more of Scalzi's work.
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|This has got to be the BEST live Rush Cd to date. An explosion of classics and new material from Snakes and Arrows, My favs are Circumstances, Digital Man, and the classic Spirit of Radio. A must have for all Rush fans, the material on this cd proves Rush IS the best in the music industry.
0765350386|4.0|After my first read:<br /><br />Now, the book as a whole wasn't really that good in my opinion. I mean, it wasn't very memorable. Just something to read in between real books. I think the writing style made it seem that way; unmemorable. I changed my mind when I finished it.<br /><br />The beginning was good, it went on alright, but then something went HORRIBLY wrong in the middle, maybe towards the end. Although I don't think I've seen/heard/read about the same lame mini-plot before, it seemed like I did. Lots of times. It was pretty hard to get through, and I couldn't stop asking myself WHY, WHY, WHY? I felt like my little sister was the one who was supposed to be reading it.<br /><br />But THEN! The ending! The ending made it ALL worthwhile. I want you to read it, try to get through the sappy part, and you will hopefully be greatly rewarded.<br /><br />_______________<br /><br />After my second read:<br /><br />I'm recommending this left and right, people. Come to me for a book and I will buy you five copies of Mistborn. This book is amazing.
1593974744|5.0|I gave this as a gift.  My friend loved it.  I recommend this book for all \\"real\\" sci-fi fans.
B001DSNF8C|5.0|This movie has one of the best picture and sound quality of any bluray i have seen i the last 3 years. The DOLBY TRUEHD is just awesome and very precise and accurate when it matters which is throught the movie. This movie is action from start to end. The colors are superb especially the green from the bahamas scenes. i give it a 5 star for both PQ & AQ.
B0026UV77C|5.0|First off, I really liked the direction Placebo went with their last album \\"Meds\\", where the band incorporated more electronic influences into their music, as opposed to their usual live sounding style. Well, with the addition of a new, young and energetic drummer, Placebo has gone back to their more live rock sound as heard on previous three albums before Meds. With \\"Battle for the Sun\\" Placebo keeps their old sound, but at the same time spices things up by this time adding orchestral elements (i.e. violins and trumpets) to their music here and there to create a moodier atmosphere. Also, on BFTS the general sound of the music and lyrics have a more uplifting feel to them, with redemption being the major theme of this album. To be honest, I was hoping the band would continue in the direction Meds was going... but then again they did add the song \\"Bright Lights\\", which is a great Meds sounding song.<br /><br />Overall, BFTS is a good album that on its own terms does not disappoint, and it is safe to say it is definitely on par with the rest of the bands consistently strong discography. My current favorite song on the record is \\"Speak in Tongues\\" uuuhhhh.... so good!
B000NDI3SK|5.0|I saw this series when it originally aired--I suppose it must have been about 1973. I was 11 years old. It absolutely changed my life and has stayed with me all these years. I see comments here that it is solid meat for high-school or college-age kids; but I experienced in it the splendor of the connectedness of ideas, and the wonder of human intellect and accomplishment, when I was in grade school. I went on to read others of Bronowski's books, read about his famous debate with Bertrand Russell, and have been deeply influenced by his profound humanity. Even now, just looking at the names of episodes in Ascent of Man, I find I remember those individual episodes though I have not seen this series for more than 30 years. They made a huge impact that surpasses everything I read by or about Bronowski since.    I've been looking for Ascent of Man on film for...years. How lucky we are to have it available. There's a (soon to be treasured) copy with my name on it.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice.  It is my all time favorite book.  And I know some reviews have this as not doing it justice, but i think it's stands well alone as it's own story.  It's just a lot of fun to watch.
B000Q6GUW0|1.0|DEXTER SEASON 1 DOWNLOAD     I viewed episodes 1-10. This series is a cliffhanger. I was eager to view the last two episodes, but could not. Amazon's message to me was, \\"Unable  to play file, please try again later. If you continue to experience this problem, contact Amazon customer support and reference the following code: [0x80070057].     I tried again for three consecutive days with the same result. Perhaps there is a customer support tab somewhere, but it is well hidden. I have not been able to respond to Amazon. The $19.95 download does not appear when I search \\"Insert a product link.\\"  How many of you have had this kind of problem with Amazons downloads?    I am uninstalling the Unbox Video Player.    Sincerely, Dr. J.E. Wright
0385340575|4.0|There is an old saying that you should not bring a knife to a gun fight. Don't try selling that to Jack Reacher. Read the story and see what I mean.    Whatever deficiencies existed in Child's prior Reacher novel (which I did not read because of pretty universal disapproval) I would say they have been more than corrected.    Here is our boy Jack, minding his own business on a NYC subway when he notices a woman who fits the Israeli profile of a suicide bomber, all 12 or more points. He engages her and tries to talk her out of blowing the subway train to Kingdom Come. He succeeds to the point where she pulls a gun from the bag he thought she has a bomb in and blows her own head off.    And from there on in it gets really interesting. Jack is back and Lee Childs is in charge as he has always been.    Buy it and enjoy the ride!!
B001RIY49C|4.0|Although totally plastic ... the T2 Limited Edition 'bust' looks great on a shelf for display purposes only -- The lighted eyes and movie sounds are a nice \\"geek\\" touch! It comes with a typical 'clam shell' disc storage case, so you can keep your discs neatly alongside your other movies. Recommended!!
B00204AA0O|5.0|\\"Far\\" is my introduction to Regina Spektor's music.  \\"The Calculation\\" that opens the set bounces joyfully with Spektor's voice flitting into the upper register then zooming to Earth with astounding speed, \\"We sat there looking at the faces of the strangers on the pages till we knew them mathematically; They were in our minds until forever, but we didn't mind, We didn't know better.\\"  Spektor's songs initially sounded a bit strange to me, but then started cutting grooves in my musical memory so that they quickly warm to old friends like the lyrically strange \\"Eet.\\"  \\"Folding Chair\\" seems like a guilty pleasure with its bouncy piano before it bursts into fuller arrangement with a stunningly original lyric, \\"Let's get a silver bullet trailer & have a baby boy; I'll safety pin his clothes all cool & you'll graffiti up his toys; I've got a perfect body, but sometimes I forget, Cause my eyelashes catch my sweat.\\"  \\"Laughing With\\" is an intensely interesting song about how people do not laugh at God when they're in trouble and then postulates that God laughs with us in our joy.  \\"Dance Anthem of the 80's\\" is incredibly original, sounding intentionally forced and yet ultimately gripping.  From \\"Genius Next Door\\" to \\"Wallet\\" to \\"Man of a Thousand Faces,\\" \\"Far\\" is a stunningly original album, one of the best this year.  Enjoy!
0811729117|3.0|This first hand account of a German tank officers combat in Russia during WWII. It has been translated into English which makes the reading sometimes rough and clunky. It is a pretty good account of non-stop combat. The biggest problem is that it doesn't dive deep enough into the authors feelings. Kind of sterile.
B00006RG9K|5.0|Genesis at their best! The at-the-time state of the art giant visual screens provide a perfect backdrop and interactive imaging allows even the far end of the stadium to be 'in the front row'! Collins, Banks, and Rutheford play flawlessly as do live fill-ins Sturmer and Thompson. Collins is like an actor, becoming the song's character. 'Old Medley' and 'Domino' are standouts and some humor is injected throughout, esp. in 'Jesus He Knows Me' and 'I Can't Dance'. A must have for Genesis fans!
B001EYGOEM|5.0|Taylor Swift is amazing. She has a great sense of music. If you are the type who likes the mixture of country and pop, Taylor is meant for you. She is very, very talented. I recommend the songs \\"You Belong With Me\\" and \\"Fearless\\", but I love them all really and I assure you, you will too. She is lively and cunning and if you see any of her live performances on youtube, you will almost cry. She is great at getting the pitch just right, and believe it or not, she started singing on stage at age 10. Please, please buy her album. She is my favorite singer and I bet you all my money that as soon as you hear her first song she will be yours too!
B00003CXBK|4.0|THIS WAS A GOOD MOVIE. I LOOOVVVEEE MIYAZAKI MOVIES!!!! IT WAS EVEN A LITTLE SCARIER THAN HIS OTHER MOVIES, BUT STILL HAD THE UNDERLYING NOTION OF GOOD VERSUS EVIL AND THE EVILS OF WAR AND NEED TO TAKE CARE OF OUR PLANET. I THINK HIS BEST IS HOWLS MOVING CASTLE. THIS IS PROBABLY HIS THIRD BEST MOVIE.
B0013Q1VJO|3.0|For the extra money I spent on the 3 disc set, I would have been just as happy (happier) with the two disk set.  Unless you are totally into listening to a music director and dance choreographer technically discuss their art, it is not worth it. The original DVD and extra disk are amazing enough.
159102594X|5.0|I can't say enough regarding Joe Ambercrombie and his Novel \\"The Blade Itself\\". What an addition to the fantasy genre. Excellent characterization, witty and intense and most of all a fantastic read, this is the type of book that fantasy fans relish. Do yourself a favor and find the time to read this book, you wont be disappointed!
B000002J0B|5.0|If you're looking for what is probably the most varied, yet consistently entertaining rock album to ever grace these ears, you should look no further than Led Zepplin's 1973 masterpiece. My \\"relationship\\" with Zepplin has always been weird. I have always been passingly familiar with their most-famous tunes; familiar enough to even say, \\"Yeah, I like Zepplin.\\" But had I ever actually sat down and spent time with the band, fully digesting everything that they have to offer? Nope. That's one of the reasons why I added this album to this series. I really wanted a good excuse to listen to an entire Led Zepplin album in full.<br /><br />House of the Holy is a roller coaster ride of rock goodness, beginning with the upbeat, guitar-heavy track, \\"The Song Remains the Same.\\" If you've never listened to Zepplin before (who hasn't?) then this song is really the perfect introduction, as it showcases the band members' individual talents proudly. Jimmy Page is a f***ing FORCE on the electric guitar, John Bonham is a BEAST on drums, Robert Plant is an ANIMAL on the mic, and John Paul Jones is...well...a bass player. Sorry.<br /><br />That song collapses into the beautiful \\"The Rain Song,\\" Erin's (the aforementioned AO writer) favorite Led Zepplin song of all time. The song is the exact opposite of its predecessor, featuring soft pianos and lush string instrumentation. Bonham's drums are even more powerful here as they playfully interact with the guitar and never overpower a thing. Is it my favorite Zepplin song? Nope, that still belongs to \\"Misty Mountain Top,\\" but damn!<br /><br />Elsewhere on the album are the fantastic \\"The Crunge\\" - a confusing, yet wholly enjoyable rock freak-out that only gets better as you listen to it over and over again - and \\"D'yer Mak'er\\" - an island-esque ballad that was the first Zepplin song I can ever remember hearing. It's brilliant in its simplicity, and a whole lot of fun to sing at karaoke (probably the only Zepplin song that any sane person would attempt, too). \\"Dancing Days\\" is another fun guitar-rocker, and one of the band's more famous tracks, though it never charted well in its day.<br /><br />So what do I think of House of the Holy? I think it's a fantastic rock album. Easily one of the best of that decade, if not ever! There isn't a single bad track on this album, and every song shows a different side of the band that you never would have guess existed. Honestly, to think that the band playing on \\"The Crunge\\" is the same band playing on \\"D'yer Mak'er\\" is mind-blowing. Aside from Plant's iconic vocals, they are entirely different in both their influences and execution. That, to me, is what makes this such a fascinating listen. It is an album worth coming back to over and over again, as I'm sure millions have done over the course of the last 36 years.<br /><br />Key Tracks:<br />1. \\"The Rain Song\\"<br />2. \\"The Crunge\\"<br />3. \\"Dancing Days\\"<br />4. \\"D'yer Mak'er\\"<br />5. \\"No Quarter\\"<br />9 out of 10 Starsg Days\\" is another fun guitar-rocker, and one of the band's more famous tracks, though it never charted well in its day.    So what do I think of House of the Holy? I think it's a fantastic rock album. Easily one of the best of that decade, if not ever! There isn't a single bad track on this album, and every song shows a different side of the band that you never would have guess existed. Honestly, to think that the band playing on \\"The Crunge\\" is the same band playing on \\"D'yer Mak'er\\" is mind-blowing. Aside from Plant's iconic vocals, they are entirely different in both their influences and execution. That, to me, is what makes this such a fascinating listen. It is an album worth coming back to over and over again, as I'm sure millions have done over the course of the last 36 years.    Key Tracks:  1. \\"The Rain Song\\"  2. \\"The Crunge\\"  3. \\"Dancing Days\\"  4. \\"D'yer Mak'er\\"  5. \\"No Quarter\\"  9 out of 10 Stars
0786860707|5.0|This is an incredible book and I highly recommend it for anyone involved in animation, 3D or 2D.  It thought me style that is timeless. The Illusion of Life compliments my animation projects as if it was written just for them.  For me, this is not a book to buy, read and put on the shelf.  It is an on going reference.  I just love it.    Blessings,    Rufus R.
B000P0J09C|5.0|This is my favorite military movie. I reminds me of when I was in bootcamp. It seems to be a great depiction of what the vietnam war was like. I like Stanley Kubrick's movies
B0015AARJI|5.0|Almost identical to the ps 2 dualshock controllers.  Enjoy the addition of wireless  but would like to have an extra usb cable.  They only come with the console so you have to share if you don't pick up an extra.  Also don't like the idea that you can only charge while the console is on.  Unlike the Wii balance board that will charge while plugged into the console whether it's on or not.  However, one of the best controllers in terms of feel and control.  Have always preferred playstation controllers to anything else out there.  A little pricey though and wonder for the price why another usb cable couldn't have been included.  Nevertheless, the most durable and dependable piece of equipment out there right now.  At least in terms of other brands of the dualshock 3.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|I never cry at movies, I sobbed like a baby I was so embarassed...hiding behind my 3d glasses. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen and I have seen a lot for a 50 yr old. It will melt even the most of steel hearts.Bring kleenex.Best picture of the year.
1588167461|5.0|I love this book.<br /><br />It does not follow trends.  If you follow the advice in this book, you will look good today and 20 years from now.  Classic styles do not get old.<br /><br />A lot of good advice is packed into this small tome.  Everything from choice of cloth and pattern, to color and season, to grooming and closet organization.  How to tie several tie knots.  Where to find quality garments.<br /><br />If you know nothing at all about style, it will coach you from the very beginning, and it will give advice for different budgets.  Even if you know a lot of the tips, it's a great reference work, with guides to finding the right size and even a wallet card to store your measurements.  In short, you can't go wrong.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|This CD Set is a great choice for any Michael Jackson fan! It covers alot of his work throughout his years of entertaining the heck out of people from all walks of life! I personally have enjoyed listening to Michael & Janet's music since I was in Jr. Highschool, those bring back some of my best days in life! As for Michael I missed you long before you ever left.. The world got to preview one of God's great creations in best form. He gave you to us for a little while but decided it was time for change! God bless the Jackson & Scruse family.. ***God bless you Michael (*APPLHD*w/lv)always. *Oops! I think they missed the clue..God bless your loyal fans. Keep him in your hearts for always! Many prayer's and so much love!
B000MZHW4A|4.0|Movie came quickly - there are a few skips in it - but over all it was good.
1933771690|1.0|This book reminds me of the \\"What the Bleep...\\" movie.  It promises to explore the mysteries of consciousness and reality from a rational (and maybe even scientific) perspective, but fails to deliver.  I forced myself to finish it only because of an undying hope that it might get better and because the principle author, Robert Lanza, has such glowing credentials and apparent reputation.      The basic premise of the book is great, but the attempt to \\"prove\\" it through explanations of quantum theory and the like are very weak.  The stories of the author's childhood are irrelevant and I got tired of hearing mention of Harvard, MIT and various Nobel names.  I started to think the book would be better titled \\"Egocentrism\\", given Lanza's fascination with himself. (There is a second author, but the entire book is written in the first person and it is not clear what involvement the other author had.)    I would not recommend this book at all.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I stay in pretty good shapy but recently i have wanted to lose 10 lbs, and the series of Jillian Micheals and Bob Harpers DVDS have helped me loose it. Level 1 is a great workout and still tough, level 3 is kick butt and I can bearly keep up! Love the dvd and it's great at getting right to the point, it gets you heart rate up right away!
B000GFLEJA|1.0|The product seems fine if I could ony view it.  Apparently it can only be viewed on one type of HD player.  Wish it had stated this in the add.  Contacted the company and they were of no help and felt they were not at any falt.  The cost of shipping it back wasn't even worth it.  Be careful when selecting HD DVD or you could get screwed like I did.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Radiohead has done something no other band has been able to do: convince me that growing up isn't so bad. R.E.M. couldn't do it (I stopped listening after Document), nor could U2 (I stopped after The Joshua Tree). All the other bands that I adore just didn't have enough staying power (Gang of Four, Joy Division, Ride, The Smiths). It took me years to move on from Pablo Honey, but with each successive album, they are more and more capable and more and more interesting.    Hail to the Thief is proof that they can do anything now. There's a sense of complete mastery. They don't have to prove anything - they can just have fun in any style they choose. I love the industrial sound of Myxomatosis a la Skinny Puppy with Thom Yorke settling on a deep, intimate voice this time. Or the punk urgency of 2 + 2 = 5.     This band is so fascinating, capable, and stimulating that I'm willing to go wherever they lead even if it means I have to grow up to keep up with them.
0375703764|5.0|I loved this book so much that I convinced my husband to read it (he never reads.)  We both loved this book!  It was a wonderfully wild ride.  I sometimes stayed up all night reading it because I simply couldn't put it down.  Those interested in this book might also be interested in the CD \\"Haunted\\" by Poe, many of the songs coincide with the book.
B000053ZRR|3.0|I,ts what you would think, when you think bon jovi.All him no long guitar leads. It seems everyone is held on a short leash. not let to out shine the man.
B001NFNFIK|5.0|A 'Sleeper'!  A must see for anyone who has visited Lousiana. Or any Cajun or craw fish afficianado.
0756405890|5.0|I have to say that after a two day binge on Name of the Wind, I found that it is probably one of, if not the most, satisfying books I have ever read. It is original, eloquent, and masterfully written. Don't hesitate to purchase Name of the Wind, I promise you won't regret it.  This book stands on that lonely and high pedestal reserved only for the greatest of fantasy writers.
0786838655|5.0|The Lightning Thief is the first book in Rick Riordan's excellent Percy Jackson and the Olympians series. In this book, the protagonist is twelve-year-old Percy Jackson. He has always struggled with learning disabilities and always gets into trouble without trying, leading him to attend a different school every year. As a sixth grader, Percy attends a field trip to a museum with his class from the prestigious Yancy Academy. Although he tries to behave, he manages to vaporize his despised math teacher. Even stranger for him, it seems like no one has noticed. A new teacher appears out of nowhere, and no one has ever heard of the old one.    After this, Percy and his mom take a trip out to Long Island. A fierce storm arises, and Percy and his mom get into their car. Along the road, they meet Percy's friend Grover from school, who seems to Percy to be there randomly, although Percy had thought Grover knew more than he let on. They get into more trouble, and leading to a fight with a minotaur. Percy's mother disappears into thin air, but Percy manages to escape to a safe place - Camp Half-Blood.    At Camp Half-Blood, Percy finds himself in a new world. The Greek gods that he studied about in school are real. His former Latin teacher at Yancy Academy is a centaur and Grover is a satyr. Percy, like all of the other campers, is a half-blood: one parent is a mortal and one is a god. Unfortunately for Percy, he does not know who which god his father is.    Percy eventually figures out from some characteristics he exhibits and a revelation that his father is Poseidon, the sea god. This leads him to become embroiled in a three-way struggle between Poseidon, Zeus and Hades. In order to fix things and save the world, Percy must go on a quest to the gates to Hades, located in Los Angeles. He is allowed to bring two friends: Grover, and Annabeth, a brilliant daughter of Athena.    The Lightning Thief is a very engaging book to read for two reasons. It is packed with action, the author also incorporates a lot of humor. I read it to my class this year, and they enjoyed it thoroughly. Several of the kids read the series on their own, and it got them interested in Greek mythology due to Riordan's seamless incorporation of the mythology into the story. I strongly recommend it!
B001GCUNYO|5.0|Great movie brought to life by BluRay....a must see for anyone with children venturing out into the real world away from home.
B002DKGWSE|5.0|I think out of all of the remakes in the past few years this was the best one. I love the original but this one has much more of a grasp and seems more in control where cravens was just completely nuts and un comforting to watch. There is an amazing deal of suspense in the 09 remake and it is much more realistic than the 70's.
B000BBOV8U|5.0|Great music from a great artist. Listening to this music on this CD makes you appreciate the wide variety Bryan offers his fans. It has almost all of the favorites and is worth a listen.
B001GCUER0|5.0|Thanks to the writers, I've regained vitality in a few brain cells that were almost lost from too much bad television.  And for that I thank them for saving tv from it's downward spiral into reality and trash television bliss.  While I found Season 1's pace very slow, Season 2 was more enjoyable to watch perhaps since we get to see more of Don and Betty's flaws rather than the picture perfect couple they depicted in Season 1.  Season 1 did a very good job in laying the foundation for Season 2.  We start to see that all these characters are complex and three-dimensional, not the cookie cutter people we see from Season 1.  Although this show is slow paced it is definitely thought provoking and still fascinating to watch.  Many symbols and parallels are cleverly incorporated into the script.  Again, the subtle details and the acting are done just right like in Season 1.  This really is art on film done correctly and one of a kind.  I will not be surprised if this show ends up being an assignment in a classroom one day.  It should have its own cliff notes.
386521584X|2.0|I'm not as impressed with this book as most critics are.  Frank traveled around the U.S. and photographed pretty much what he was looking for: visual proof that Americans and their culture are crass, materialist, full of prejudice, and vulgar.    This view has been a commonplace conceit of European artists and intellectuals, and it began even before the colonies had united to become the United States.  It was a message that was sure to win him applause from Europeans and also from that portion of the American intelligentsia who take European judgements as final.    I think Frank's photos are highly overrated and took little insight or understanding to create. They reflect mostly a typical European viewpoint and show almost no understanding of what this country and its people are really about.
B000FUF6QS|1.0|Worse than Last Tango in Paris.  The epitome of overrating.  Silly, 60's-type self-indulgent, introspective idiocy.
0698115635|4.0|This is a nice illustrated book following the children's song \\"Today is Monday.\\" It is illustrated in Carle's inimitable collage-art style with a different animal introducing each day and food, and ending with a lot of children sitting around a table eating the different foods.  The song is repetitive and uninteresting, but the pictures are very nice.  Singing books are wonderful teaching tools, and this is the best book I have found so far for teaching the days of the week.<br /><br />Unfortunately there is no musical score included, but you can find it on YouTube.
0143112724|5.0|I like it better than '99 version. It comes with better font (IMO) with vivid pictures. Nice work!
B000683VI4|5.0|This is one of those movies that I've seen countless times, and whenever it's on TV, I end up watching it again.  It does make my heart ache though, because I'm not with the woman I love.  The story of Noah and Allie is one that is timeless, and will tug at your heart(if not, you're made of stone).  I love a woman just as deeply as Noah loves Allie, but she's moving away.  I've loved her for the last 10 years, and now I have to just watch her move away.  It breaks my heart, and I can only hope that she somehow comes back to me someday.  I long for the day when I can watch this movie with her, and wake up next to her every day.  The Notebook is a powerful movie and will always be one of my favorites.
B0028MBKVG|5.0|This was a great book whether you are a runner or not. I chose to read this book seeking motivation to run more. I found that motivation and at the same time was highly entertained.<br /><br />The way that the author draws you into each character by providing history and achievements made me feel like I knew the people myself. The different competitions that the author describes are equally intriguing.<br /><br />The only portion I didn't find enjoyable about the book was the evolutionist discussion of how we evolved to be great runners. For the most part this was a detour in the story that I could have done without. I did, however, enjoy the way he worked the story of the persistence hunters into that evolution.<br /><br />The highlight of this book has to be the description of the race that unfolded in the Copper Canyon. Throughout the description of events I could picture myself struggling to keep up with the runners in the race.<br /><br />Overall this book tells a great story of several determined individuals on their way to compete in an event that most of us couldn't fathom competing in ourselves. The book has helped me to increase my own run distances. When I am running and start to feel winded or sore, I think back to the one bit of advice that I have memorized from this book: \\"Think Easy, Light, Smooth, and Fast.\\"<br /><br />Viva Caballo!
0761536434|5.0|This is an accurate, in-depth, and complete review of the great history of video games.  Being a 80's video game junkie, it was wonderful to hear the details Mr. Kent reveals.    Also, it is an easy read as the style is pleasing and clear.
B000MRAAJW|1.0|I purchased the dvd series Planet Earth in HD.  I had been told it was fine to play on plain dvd machines.  I sent it to Australia for my daughter to play on her computer and it will not.  Not the product's fault as the box says play only on HD players.  It might be nice if when advertising something so selective, that the perameters are spelled out for those of us who are not so totally tech savvy.  It was not a waste I guess as she will donate it somewhere, but I wish I had known.
B000JIHP88|5.0|This is an excellent product, and creates an nice ambient for the baby to sleep.     good quality and the best price.    is a nice gift for expecting parents :)
1567184855|3.0|The book Journey of Souls was used but was in bad shape. There was a coffee spill on several pages.  Deb R.
B001SO69IY|5.0|good but not as good as blackout! it's funny the more i quit listening to this album the more it gets stuck in my head (which is what happened to me with Blackout! which i now think is a classic) maybe it's just the combo of red and mef together is just lyrically apealing. Any hip hop fan should check this out. (It's sad that this won't sell as well as blackout!)
B001TWT0AE|3.0|who is protecting whom? in this film seem as if every one has a hand at law ing?
031606792X|5.0|I'll keep this short and simple.....I loved this book!!!!!! I read it in 2 days - just couldn't put it down. Yes it was very different from the first 3 but It was my 2nd favorite (after Twilight)! I liked Jake being out of the \\"triangle\\" letting me fully enjoy Edaward and Bella again! I had no clue how it would end ....I had butterflies in my stomach during the last quarter of the book! I don't understand all of the negative reviews - maybe I'm a sucka for a happy ending. It was a little more adult than the other books maybe that didn't appeal to the YA audience that drew in the fans from the first 3 books.
B00005JKEZ|3.0|come to the tables every one and stuff yourselves!!!!! food! glorious food! no veggies solamente here.
B002COTI64|4.0|After several upbeat, radio-friendly songs, regina sings, \\"No one laughs at god in a hospital\\" and you realize you're in classic spektor land. Quirky and happy one minute, introspective and honest the next.    If you're a regina spektor fan, you'll probably just buy the album, since you already realize that she can't be judged on a 30-sec clip. Some of the brightest gems take time to find.    If you're new to regina spektor, this wouldn't be a bad album to start with. It's got lots of gems. Just realize it isn't her very best. For her best you want to go with Soviet Kitcsh (if you want her most quirky) or Begin to Hope (for richly constructed but very accessible songs).    Either way you though, you can't go wrong. Afterall, a bad Regina Spektor song is better than the best from most other current artists on the radio today.
B000B0WODA|4.0|I was introduced to Franz Ferdinand with their \\"Tonight\\" album, so it was kind of weird listening to their early stuff at first. The songs grow on you quick, especially the tracks \\"Do You Want To\\", \\"Outsiders\\", and \\"The Fallen\\". I would definitely recommend this cd to any FF fan, and I'd absolutely recommend that anyone who likes catchy and entertaining music buy it as well. As always with Franz Ferdinand, you'll keep coming back to this album.
B0026LYM5U|3.0|_The West Pole_ marks an obvious new era for the Gathering, being the first album in over a decade not to feature the signature vocal intensity of Anneke van Giersbergen. The album starts with a riff-based instrumental, which tends to remind one of the band's previous work, but also seemingly provides a buffer zone for the drastic change that is about to be heard in the vocal department. \\"Treasure\\" marks the entrance new vocalist, Silje Wergland. It's not a completely bad first impression, but it's easy to tell that this is going to be a rough transition. The song itself is a good quality tune--as are several throughout the album--but undeniably lacking, and it doesn't take a fanboy to consider: \\"how much better this would sound if Anneke was still at the vocal helm.\\" This sentiment continues on into \\"All You Are,\\" a heavier song that is a definite strong point of the album, yet still falls short of being truly memorable. The title track is a nice song, but it doesn't seem to hold up well under repeated listens, and neither do most of the following tracks. Actually, one of the strongest points of the album is the last couple minutes of \\"Capital of Nowhere\\": the simple, plodding, riff-driven, instrumental melody (would this album have been better if it were completely instrumental?). Another high point comes with \\"Pale Traces,\\" which features Marcela Bovio (my favorite female vocalist, second to AvG). She doesn't quite excel on this track as she does in some of her other work, but she still helps make it the best track on the album. It's great that the Gathering invited her for a guest appearance. \\"No One Spoke\\" has a really nice instrumental interaction going on, which keeps interests sparked just long enough to make it to the end of the album.<br /><br />Overall, Silje gives a decent performance, but after a 12-year love affair with Anneke, it's just not a palatable follow-up. Much like _Almost a Dance_, I still feel comfortable giving the album a relatively high rating, based on the fact that I do like the music to a certain degree, even if the vocal department isn't comparable to the previous era. (Although unlike _Almost a Dance_, at least the singer here isn't a complete joke.) This isn't an entirely bad album, but I wouldn't say that it's anything better than average, and I definitely wouldn't recommend it to listeners unfamiliar with the band's other works. All things considered, it's a definite step down for the Gathering, and the album's shortcomings become rapidly obvious: a low repeatability factor, and again, a vocalist who, while good in her own right, is in this case--to put it brutally--simply inadequate.<br /><br />*puts on _Nighttime Birds*ased on the fact that I do like the music to a certain degree, even if the vocal department isn't comparable to the previous era. (Although unlike _Almost a Dance_, at least the singer here isn't a complete joke.) This isn't an entirely bad album, but I wouldn't say that it's anything better than average, and I definitely wouldn't recommend it to listeners unfamiliar with the band's other works. All things considered, it's a definite step down for the Gathering, and the album's shortcomings become rapidly obvious: a low repeatability factor, and again, a vocalist who, while good in her own right, is in this case--to put it brutally--simply inadequate.    *puts on _Nighttime Birds*
B001FB4W0M|4.0|Don't be scared off by the show being on a network not known for quality (the CW), or by the overheated fans who scream for the show's two handsome stars.  Just as Battlestar Galactica was handicapped by being on the Sci-Fi channel's otherwise lousy schedule, Supernatural doesn't seem to get the mainstream coverage that it deserves while being broadcast on the CW graveyard.  It's one of the scariest shows on television, and among its strengths, features some elements that rarely are successfully merged into one show:  scares, creatures, humor, an engaging ongoing storyline, and most importantly, show runners that bring sharp writing skills to the table.  I love the show's \\"backwoods America\\" setting, and the haunted houses and creepy woods that populate it.  I'm not a huge \\"classic rock\\" fan, but enjoy the way they've merged some classics into the show's soundtrack. If you're even slightly interested in any of these things, go rent the first couple of episodes from Season One on DVD and see for yourself.  I don't buy many shows on Blu-Ray, but this one is near the top of the list.  Give it a try and support a quality show while it's on the air.
B000WTNCYA|5.0|First of all, what an interesting story - a girl gets hit by a car, develops a sensitivity to light and sound, and finds music therapy as a way to deal with her injuries.  What she finds is a voice that sounds like she is literally singing 6\\" from your ear and singing directly to you.  Her voice is very fresh and different from what you hear on radio.  It's smoky, delicate, pitch perfect, wobbly and beautiful.<br /><br />There are 5 songs on this CD that stand up to anything I've ever ever heard.  They are \\"Gone\\", \\"Sweet Memory\\", \\"Some Lessons\\", \\"One Day\\" and the oh-my-gosh I can't believe how incredible this song is \\"Love Me Like A River Does\\".  That song will knock you out.  Period.  As one reviewer put it \\"It's the sexy song I've ever heard\\" - ditto.<br /><br />Buy this CD.  Do not download it.  You might end up tucking it under your pillow at night or spooning it.
3527406018|3.0|The book is nice to read during a sunny week-end but does not contain detail proofs of equations and this is what i was looking for. Nice try... but missed...
B000083C49|4.0|Of all the Star Trek movies, this is probably one of the best and one of the few to make an impact with a wide audience (only [[ASIN:B00078XGRO Star Trek - First Contact]] compares). The plotline is funny, uplifting, and memorable. Having seen Humpback Whales in the wild, I also appreciate the movie's message - that in harming our environment, we are harming ourselves.    With that said, Star Trek IV is tough to follow if you aren't at least somewhat familiar with the Trek universe. This movie especially picks up near the end of a story arc, so it doesn't take time at the beginning to introduce the characters or Trek universe.    Another problem - special effects really are dated. The Klingon Bird of Prey on Vulcan is obviously a painting - a good painting, but a painting nonetheless. While I'm not crazy about the idea of going back and adding computer generated special effects a la the Star Wars Special Editions, Star Trek IV could have used touchups and better-looking ships in a few places. Fortunately, this movie (unlike some of the later Treks) was not about special effects, but rather a heartwarming story.    Humpback Whale populations are on the upswing now. I think in some small way, Star Trek IV helped international efforts toward protecting whales.
0879309210|4.0|I bought the second edition of this a few years ago and recently bought a Les Paul. I was trying to learn how to do a string change and setup on it. I think there are more drawings as opposed to pictures in this version, but I supposed the inclusion of a DVD is supposed to compensate for that. Overall it is very good information and a very good deal through amazon.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|Pros:<br /><br />First I'd like to point out that these headphones most definitely live up to the \\"studio-standard\\" name it's been given. The audio response is very well balanced: no piercing highs, no enveloping mids, no muddy/overpowering bass. Every single nuance is represented with pristine clarity, and when people say that you'll hear everything with these headphones, they mean it.<br /><br />To the people worrying about the absence of bass due to these being studio-monitoring headsets, the bass is, without a doubt, there in full presence. If you're used to hearing muddy sounding bass or music drenched in low-end sloppiness, you'll be surprised to hear how warm and how articulately the MDR-7506 reproduces bass, yet still managing to hit the listener with such a convincing punch.<br /><br />The high end is of course a pleasure to listen to. The high notes are crystal clear and do not show any signs of being artificially stressed or represented, giving a very silky smooth sound.<br /><br />As for the midrange? One fear of buying headphones is that you end up with hollow sounding music due to the lack of a solid defined midrange, but the midrange is one more thing to compliment about the 7506's. From prominent male vocals to snares, nothing ever seems overpowered, and yet it manages to fill the space with a full rich sound.<br /><br />Overall, the combination in sound from all the spectrums produces a very unbiased enjoyable harmony to the ears. As I listen to all types of music genres, from ballads to rock, classic to RnB, and pop to techno, I have yet to find a genre that these heaphones fail to reproduce with exceptional fidelity.<br /><br />And did I mention these headphones are very comfortable? I've worn these close to half a day without my ears being fatigued. Many earbuds and headphones have the tendency to make ears hurt/sore after only a short session of listening. I would say I have bigger than normal sized ears and the large-diaphragm design, combinedwith the very soft leather-wrapped earpads, really helps in making the circumural design (wrapped around the ears as opposed to on top) work well. This also means that sound is sealed off very well, muffling sounds from the outside coming in, and from the music inside getting out. For example, these are the type of headphones you would want to carry with you to public places (bus rides, airplane trips) instead of headphones like the Sennheiser HD595's.<br /><br />Having had these headphones for 1-2 years already, the quality is still as good as when I got them, and I don't doubt that they will be any different for a long long while.<br /><br />Ultimately, with the price tag being conveniently under 100 USD, this is an excellent buy. Even in comparison with higher end headphones, the sound quality for the MDR-7506 is still ranked as the top in my charts, as well as many other people's. If you look closely at professional settings around the world (i.e. studio performances, behind-the-scenes movie sets, & radio stations), as I have started to notice recently, you will see this exact model appear time and time again for a very good reason.<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />The only con I would like to point out is that the earpads do tend to wear out after prolonged use. Since they are very soft to the skin and thus are made from very fine material, they are subject to wear & tear. Though, replacement earpads are cheap, easy to find, and easy to install. In total, i've only had to replace the earpads once since I got the 7506's, and that's with the headphones going through daily abuse.
B000001FMX|5.0|My little brother bought this album (vinyl) back in the day. I wasn't impressed with it then, but now that I am beginning to be more nostalgic I am find I want a lot of the music I listened to from the 70's. The sound on this CD is great, in fact I think it might be better than the original album. I couldn't be happier and I listen to it all the time.
B001C4CI8U|3.0|HEY AMAZON, HOW ABOUT AN EDITORIAL REVIEW OR PRODUCT DESCRIPTION. CUSTOMER REVIEWS ARE SOMETIMES GREAT BUT NOT IF THEY GO ON AND ON ABOUT THE POLITICS OF FOX OR OTHER STATIONS. WE WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHAT THIS SERIES IS ABOUT, WITHOUT HAVING TO READ FOR EVER AND EVER AND EVER THROUGH ANOTHER CUSTOMER'S POLITICAL OPINION(A WASTE OF OUR TIME)
0765342294|5.0|This is actually the second time I've read the book. I purchased it so I could read it again, and pass it on to others.
B000063DIH|4.0|Maiden was more than surviving the nineties by the time `Fear of the Dark' was released. In fact, `Fear' would top the UK charts upon its release in the spring of '92. The decline in their popularity had more to do with the fact that American audiences were starting to turn away from any metal that wasn't  Pacific Northwest in origin which means the classic metal of the `80's was on the wane.  Iron Maiden just `trooped' along and while their sound did have some slight adjustments to it, they still did what they did best.  `Fear' seems to take a bad rap from fans and from noted metal writers (Martin Popoff hates this record!) but I like it. It's not my favorite but it does have a few songs that rank right up there with earlier classics.  The title track is an absolute monster and quickly became a stage favorite so obviously the band loved it as well. Besides being reminiscent of earlier Maiden epics, it speaks to something all people understand, fear of the unknown. \\"Be Quick or Be Dead\\", the lead single and song is a speedy affair that shows that the American thrash movement had an influence on Maiden just as Maiden influenced them in the first place! I don't understand why some people feel that Bruce's voice is that significantly different, showing wear and tear....I think he sounds the same as he always does, brilliant! \\"Wasting Love\\" is a ballad which may seem unusual for the band but remember they did \\"Remember Tomorrow\\" and \\"Prodigal Son\\" in the early years.  \\"Childhood's End\\", \\"Fear Is the Key\\" and \\"From Here to Eternity\\" pretty much sum up the key tracks for me as most of the 2nd half of the album is not really all that memorable with the exception of maybe \\"Judas Be My Guide\\" and of course the last song! `Fear of the Dark' has become a favorite of many Iron Maiden fans and while I don't put it into the lofty category of any of the first five, it is still a valuable piece of the canon. Snake eyes in heaven...the thief's in your head..
B001FB55MG|2.0|I don't really think of Adam Sandler as a polarizing creature, but the prevailing sense seems to be that you're either in his camp or you're not, either you're entertained by his low brow, mush-mouth humor, or you're not. For me, it comes and goes. I've liked stuff of his in the past, really enjoyed [[ASIN:B000ELJAEM The Wedding Singer - Totally Awesome Edition]], [[ASIN:630529142X The Waterboy]], [[ASIN:B00000K3UU Big Daddy]], [[ASIN:B0000DGKI6 Punch-Drunk Love (Single Disc Edition)]] and [[ASIN:B0001Z3TXE 50 First Dates (Widescreen Special Edition)]]. But I've also cringed at LITTLE NICKY, MR. DEEDS, ANGER MANAGEMENT and now this one, BEDTIME STORIES. I had hopes for this one.<br /><br />The cool premise is what drew me in. Adam Sandler plays yet another lovable underdog loser. Here, he is Skeeter Bronson, a lowly, ill-treated maintenance man toiling at the posh high-rise Sunny Vista Nottingham Hotel, which years ago used to be his pappy's humble hotel, before all the fancy remodelings. Skeeter visits his travel-bound sister (Courtney Cox) and is talked into babysitting her little boy and girl for a week.<br /><br />His sister is one of those uptight broads who doesn't own a TV and reads to her kids from books like \\"Rainbow Alligator Saves the Wetlands\\" and \\"The Organic Squirrel Gets A Bike Helmet.\\" Skeeter hasn't seen these kids in four years, what with the brother-in-law harboring a hate on for him, so there's some awkwardness in the air. Sis has banned TV and video games for her kids and feeds them crappalicious health foods. As a last recourse Skeeter begins to regale the children with his own invented bedtime stories - these tailored around his hapless life experiences - only to be startled when his fairy tales take on life and begin to impact his everyday reality. This being an Adam Sandler character, thoughts on how to capitalize on this magical phenomenon soon crop up. This being a Disney flick, the movie audience feels secure in that Skeeter will soon turn a corner and become that guy who does the right thing.<br /><br />There's a subplot concerning an elementary school about to be demolished to make way for a fancy mammoth hotel. What are the odds that Skeeter's sister works at that school and that the projected hotel is actually a chain extension of the Sunny Vista Nottingham Hotel? Subtle are the inner workings of a Sandler flick.<br /><br />Thing is, BEDTIME STORIES is one of the more kid-friendly flicks Sandler's ever been in, so from that angle, I guess I recommend it for the tiny tots. I do think they'll laugh themselves silly and, as usual with Disney, there are good family values to pick up on. However, the more sophisticated kids may turn their nose up at Sandler's predictable sense of humor - or not. It all depends on if you like potty jokes, dwarves kicking you in the shin or snot monsters slobbering all over you. Sandler is more restrained and does tone down the raunchy stuff, to merit that PG rating. And who would've thunk that I'd feel sorry for a defanged Sandler? And I guess, with the trend nowadays of injecting that hip, contemporary wink within all these fairy tale comedies, the film had to follow suit. But, unlike in [[ASIN:B0011U52EC Enchanted (Widescreen Edition)]], the SHREK flicks, and even [[ASIN:B00005JM5Q Ella Enchanted (Widescreen Edition)]], the modern-day twists in the CG-heavy fairy tale sequences feel forced and unfunny, with Sandler's laziness stampeding over the film's few grace notes. And I couldn't help but feel that the guinea pig with the disturbingly huge saucer eyes was put in mostly as a running go-to gag, so that, if the kids aren't laughing - well, hey, kids, look at the funny-looking guinea pig!<br /><br />Keri Russell comes in as Skeeter's co-baby-sitter and projected love interest, although there isn't much spark between the two actors. Following a certain romantic cliche, Sandler and Russell's characters are almost instantly at each other's throats and for much of the film engage in antagonistic banter, leaving me feeling lukewarm. Guy Pearce is over-the-top as the prissy, conniving hotel manager, although he does get a thumbs up for that one song and dance routine. Old Xena Warrior Princess herself, Lucy Lawless, is unrecognizable and wasted as the snooty assistant who hangs her star to Pearce's manager. Jonathan Pryce plays Skeeter's dad and Pryce is instrumental in nicely setting up the story, but then he disappears once Sandler comes into the picture. Courtney Cox is also wasted and not much in the film.<br /><br />Also helping to sink the movie is that the fairy tale sequences come off as dull. There's a lack of wit and charm, and, after a while, a mind-numbing repetitiveness as we see the cast time and again play characters in Skeeter's self-absorbed fairy tale dramas. There's a scene early on in which Skeeter's cool dad states, \\"Your fun is only limited by your imagination.\\" If only the screenplay writers had heeded their own advice. As it is, when I hear another line in the movie, this time coming from Sandler - \\"I'm like the stink on your feet -- I'll always be there.\\" - I can't help but feel vaguely threatened.<br /><br />On one hand, I liked Skeeter's ringtone, and I like that the flighty Paris Hilton type actually turns out to be an okay character. On the other hand, Rob Schneider makes his token appearance, and he's never been more unwelcome.<br /><br />Maybe I've been too hard on INKHEART.ilm engage in antagonistic banter, leaving me feeling lukewarm. Guy Pearce is over-the-top as the prissy, conniving hotel manager, although he does get a thumbs up for that one song and dance routine. Old Xena Warrior Princess herself, Lucy Lawless, is unrecognizable and wasted as the snooty assistant who hangs her star to Pearce's manager. Jonathan Pryce plays Skeeter's dad and Pryce is instrumental in nicely setting up the story, but then he disappears once Sandler comes into the picture. Courtney Cox is also wasted and not much in the film.<br /><br />Also helping to sink the movie is that the fairy tale sequences come off as dull. There's a lack of wit and charm, and, after a while, a mind-numbing repetitiveness as we see the cast time and again play characters in Skeeter's self-absorbed fairy tale dramas. There's a scene early on in which Skeeter's cool dad states, \\"Your fun is only limited by your imagination.\\" If only the screenplay writers had heeded their own advice. As it is, when I hear another line in the movie, this time coming from Sandler - \\"I'm like the stink on your feet -- I'll always be there.\\" - I can't help but feel vaguely threatened.<br /><br />On one hand, I liked Skeeter's ringtone, and I like that the flighty Paris Hilton type actually turns out to be an okay character. On the other hand, Rob Schneider makes his token appearance, and he's never been more unwelcome.<br /><br />Maybe I've been too hard on INKHEART.
1573300403|5.0|I have never been able to find music videos when I want them.  Are these the original, full-length versions or should I look elsewhere?
6301971272|5.0|A trio of outlaws (Clint Eastwood, Lee Van Cleef, and Eli Wallach) crosses paths in a search for $200,000 of buried Confederate gold.  As they travel, sometimes alone and sometimes together, across a surreal landscape made anarchic by war, director Sergio Leone presents a world in which all of man's finer instincts and civilized institutions seem to have failed.  Our three protagonists keep faith in one thing only--the existence of treasure at the end of their quest--and they go to heroic lengths in service of that faith.  Leone's despairing vision is fascinating, and as an action movie, it is just downright terrific.
B001TODCII|5.0|It's been too long after Bourne Ultimatium for action movie fan like me to get completely thrilled, let alone the disappointment by Quantum of Solace. Disregarding the car chasing scene in the construction site and the absence of a ear catching score, the movie is simply perfect. Liam is just so convincing acting a mightily calm and capable ex CIA agent who killed with no mercy in Paris for her kidnapped daughter. The cinematography and the choreography are just superb. In short, a must watch for action movie fans. Highly recommended!
6305077630|5.0|My item arrived in excellent condition as was described by the seller. It was well packed in bubble wrap and came in a box instead of a flimsy  shipping envelope.I will certainly recommend this seller and shop this seller in the future! Thanks!
B0019CSXAM|5.0|I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE HIMYM!!!!!!!!!!  Great show that can't be compared to any other!!!  I have been watching this show since it came out in 2005, and Season 3 is the best season yet.  You might be a little lost on some of the jokes, so if you are buying this, you might as well splurge for season1 and 2 as well.  You won't regret it.
0064431789|5.0|I have adored this story since I read it to my daughter many years ago and I try to pass that joy on to my friends when they have babies.
B000002UJQ|5.0|What else can be said about this album? Whether you are a fan or not, OK Computer is one of the landmark albums of the 90's. And seeing the way the music industry is becoming more and more focused on putting hacks like Nickelback, Buckcherry, and Kid Rock in the top 40, this may be one of the last real landmark albums like this, ever. At least in guitar-based music. This album has withstood the test of time as well. I was just a kid when this came out, my friend had one of those \\"Now! That's What I Call Music\\" cd's, and crazily enough, Karma Police was on it. Kind of funny to think that that is how I was introduced to Radiohead, but even as a kid, I was captivated by it. I remember my favorite part was when Thom sang \\"Phew, for a minute there, I lost myself\\", I'd always sing to that part. Of course being a kid, I never went out and bought the rest of the album for another 4 or 5 years, when I heard Karma Police on the radio again.     It's been about 7 year since I bought this album, and I still listen to it a couple times a week at least. Somehow it still feels just as fresh as it did the first time, even today. That is how you can tell this is a great album. I still hear something in it I hadn't before, whether it's a new meaning for a lyric, a buried guitar line, or a tone in the vocals, I still get a huge amount of joy listening to this album.     The lyrics are incredibly deep, thought provoking and (mostly) come off without being pretentious. The music behind the lyrics (and sometimes in front of them) is beautiful and brutal at the same time, as is I guess, everything else about this album and even this band. I don't usually like getting into the whole \\"This song/album/band is better than that/them, which is better than those...\\" deal, but to me, this is Radiohead's best. I'd only consider Kid A as a better album, but hey that's just my opinion.     I don't usually like going track by track but with over 2,000 reviews already for it, I'm doing this review more for myself than anything else.    Airbag - 9/10: Perfect opening track. I don't think it is as good of a song on it's own though. The notes at the start kind of signal the beginning of the album I thought.    Paranoid Android - 9.5/10: I feel awful not giving this a ten. It's such a good song, it's just not quite perfect though, I thought the transition points during the song were a little abrupt and weak. Other than that it's perfect.    Subterranean Homesick Alien - 10/10: Love this track. One of the happiest Radiohead songs I think. Thom based it off of a paper he had to write as a kid in school.    Exit Music (For a Film) - 10/10: Maybe I'm crazy, but I find the lyrics in this song comforting. More hopeful than depressing. I love the effect in the middle.    Let Down - 8.5/10: A little overrated but still very good. Kind of droney but the vocals are beautiful.    Karma Police - 11/10: It's been my favorite song for most of my life, and I don't see that changing anytime soon.    Fitter Happier - 9/10: I always skipped this song at night at first. It's so powerful, it's almost frightening, at least when you're still just a kid. Now that I've heard it upwards of 500 or so times, it loses some of its effect and treads dangerously close into pretentiousness but still comes off pretty well.    Electioneering - 8/10: After \\"Fitter Happier\\", the first few guitar notes still raise hairs on the back of my neck. Loses steam towards the end. I think the lyrics are a little weak and preachy.    Climbing Up the Walls - 11/10: I think the most powerful song Radiohead has recorded to date. Not message-wise or anything though, it's like this song is something of its own. The way the strings are played against each other gives an unbelievable sound. The lyrics are VERY well done for what they are. Another song that, even today, will raise hairs on the back of my neck.    No Surprises - 8.5/10: Sorry but I just think this song is a little overrated. Lyrically, it starts off clumsy but gets much better by the end. Musically it starts off well and finishes amazingly but just the way the first minute or so of the song is, it's hard to give it a much higher rating.    Lucky - 11/10: Radiohead's most underappreciated song. This is one of the only songs that has ever reduced me to tears. Not happy tears or sad tears. I can't even describe it. Ahh. It's one of the most beautiful songs that I have, or ever will hear in my life. I only hope that someday, I'll be able to see them perform this in concert. Haha I hope no one sees me though, I don't know how I'd react.    The Tourist - 10/10: Great song, great message, perfect album closer.    Really, I know this album has been hyped up, and maybe part of the reason I love it so much is because it's one of the first cd's I've ever bought, and it's the only one that I've listened to as often and religiously as I have with OK Computer. Even if you aren't into this kind of music, or if hype turns you off, this is an album that everyone needs to listen to at least once in their lifetime. I don't know if I would go so far to say that it has changed me in anyway, but it has certainly played a huge factor in what I listen to these days, and it has carried me through many bad times, been there for me during the good times, and has been on in the background at so many memorable points in my life. I wish that more people could get from this album what I have.
B00204AA0O|5.0|Far has an intelligence and depth to it that Begin to Hope doesn't have. It's a wonderful exploration of human nature, with themes of a dystopian, futuristic society, what it means to have faith in God (whatever God that may be), the nature of love and trust and death, our significance in the universe ...<br /><br />And yet it still manages to BE Regina Spektor with all of her coos, trills and twisting melodies and lyrics that are evocative as they dance and skip and tumble. Who else could make dolphin grunts sound natural in a song or write an aria about returning a wallet to Blockbuster?
1401200923|5.0|With great story & art work, Loeb & Lee bring Batman to the masses. Hush's story is one that sturs up memories for Bruce of Jason Todd (the 2nd Robin) that died at the hands of the Joker years earlier. With appearances by Joker, Harley Quinn, Killer Croc, the Riddler, Poison Ivy, Catwoman, Superman, & Huntress this is one you shouldn't miss.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|Wow, I'm just blown away by the HD transfer of these movies! I've seen some great quality blu-ray movies on my 1080p screen (i.e. Transformers, Dark Knight, Iron Man...), but nothing compares to how crisp and amazing these movies are! Only legally blind people could think an upconverted DVD could look anything close to this! This is 1080p in all it's glory!     Seriously, some of the best movies in history in a format that can show them off like none other!
1401200605|5.0|With great story & art work, Loeb & Lee bring Batman to the masses. Hush's story is one that sturs up memories for Bruce of Jason Todd (the 2nd Robin) that died at the hands of the Joker years earlier. With appearances by Joker, Harley Quinn, Killer Croc, the Riddler, Poison Ivy, Catwoman, Superman, & Huntress this is one you shouldn't miss.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|Only played it once and already appreciate the thought that went into this game. Game has variable set ups so it is a little different each time you play. Simple enough to learn quickly and yet complex enough to make the game continue to be a challenge. I look forward to many more enjoyable games in the future. The only downside I forsee is the interlocking cardboard pieces. I wonder how well and long they will last.    KLM
B001ANYDAO|5.0|I picked up this book in a book store and was immediately intrigued. The story I had opened to was telling the tale of a genius with a 190 IQ who was not as successful as one would expect.  When I read the book in the proper order it would become clear that IQ and hard work alone do not guarantee success. What does make one successful is rather a number of circumstances that Gladwell lays out beautifully in Outliers. It will change the way I look at success for sure! Take nothing for granted except that this is an enjoyable book to read.
B001EO748M|5.0|If you like period pieces you can't get any better than this series!! Costuming fantastic!
159562015X|5.0|Quick, easy and informative survey on strengths with suggestions on how to maximize those strengths to include combining with others having compatable strengths to make a better team.  Very informative and useful in team building.
B001F290E4|5.0|This cd was ok.  I purchased it based on one song.  I was unable to undo my 5 stars.  I would really give it 3. This is a review for Reign of Fire, not Soul by Seal.
0470449748|5.0|This has been helpful as I prepare for the GMAT test required for my MBA.  There are a lot of specific examples and detailed answers for the questions.  I have not completed my studies, but I have found the book to be a nice refresher course for all the things I have forgotten since my last math class!
B0007MWZEK|2.0|I've had two Swivel Sweepers. L-0-V-E-D them both until that fateful day when the charger won't hold a charge anymore after 5 or so minutes of sweeping.  I guess I could buy a new one each time it bonks out but then I'd be waiting again for that fateful day when it won't hold the charge anymore.  I don't think a new charger is available for purchase; could be wrong on that.  But if it was, it'd probably be $15 at least which is half the price of the old sweeper.  Manufacturer should tell you (haha) this product has a limited life.  You love it - then you hate it!
B0028MBKVG|5.0|I have been running for over 30 years and this is the best book on running I have had the pleasure of reading.
0780626966|5.0|When I seen this item I was excited to purchase it. And after receiving it a day earlier I was even more excited. Then to my dismay of opening it. Out fell several broken pieces and scratches over every single disc. Also only one pair of the mentioned 2 pair of 3D Glasses. I assume its the fault of the shipping company itself. But a reflection of amazon as well. Its a great collection to have if you can manage to dodge the completely disappointing shipping.
B000WQWPJQ|5.0|I'm much more impressed by the positive attitude and assistance of 'Amazon' than the item I purchased...thanks again...
B000ULQV0W|2.0|I'm a big fan of Vedder and some songs on this album are great, but at least half of them are between 1 and 2 minutes!
031606792X|1.0|I began to read Twilight simply looking for something to keep me entertained before something better came out.  The first three books were amusing, though I could feel that they were just getting worse and worse.  Everything became so much like filer I could hardly stand it.  And then I read Breaking Dawn.    The first part of the book went along fine, clearly not a masterpiece, but entertaining.  And then once Bella became a vampire, it became the absolute worst book I have ever read.  I am not interested in reading about how wonderful immature Bella's life became after she was 'transformed.'  It felt like a giant slap in the face to not only me, but all of mankind.  She gloated for hundreds of pages about how beautiful she was, how controlled she was, how much better her life was as a vampire.  She got to live in a fairy tale place filled with everything she could ever want.    Well, I'm sorry, but I really don't care.    Such an awful book.  Truly awful.  It is a digrace.
1400063515|5.0|I loved Nassim Nicholas Taleb's earlier book Fooled by Randomness, and I am really loving the Black Swan as well. It has much of the charm of Malcolm Gladwell's current NYT best seller,  Outliers. -- But while Gladwell leaves us with merely the understanding that the success of  various prominent individuals such as Bill Gates or Steve Jobs is due largely to the \\"luck\\" of being born in the right place and at the right time, he gives us no greater insight into how a better understanding of luck (in the form of randomness and improbability forces at work upon us) might better guide us in choosing national and international policies or even actively choosing our life paths taking into consideration the improbable events such as birth date and birth place work that for our success as well as those that against it.<br /><br />In contrast, Taleb's The Black Swan sets its sights on  providing us a theory and method to make such decisions in a way that better recognizes the role of randomness in our lives.  Even more, it also shows us s that any theory which simplifies real world complexity enough for us to see patterns also inherently blinds us to the risks hidden in the messy real world complexity which we have now simplified out.<br /><br />Gladwell tells us that random chance defines our opportunities and the threats we will face; Taleb tells us how to seize the random opportunities that might occur in our lifetimes, and how to prepare for the improbable but catastrophic events that surely will happen someday and often change our lives in unimaginable ways.<br /><br />To fully appreciate the Black Swan, it is useful to see how it builds upon insights set out  in Taleb's previous book, Fooled by Randomness.<br /><br />Fooled by Randomness highlighted the failures of Wall Street market makers who mistook the correctness of their string of predictions as a sign of their own genius,  rather than just random chance -- at least until the financial markets changed and suddenly their predictions were consistently wrong and their were suddenly hoisted on their on petards.  In Fooled by Randomness, Taleb points out  an old investment scam where an investment advisor sends out 2^12 (4096) free investment newsletters predicting that the market will be up next month, and sends out another 2^12 free newsletters to other people predicting that the market will be down next month.  Let's say the market is down.  Now the broker removes all the people he sent the (wrong) up prediction from his list.  But he takes the four thousand plus people to whom he sent the (correct) down prediction newsletters into two parts and  he send half another down prediction, and the other half an up prediction.  A month later the market is up -- and over two thousand people have seen  this investment advisor make the right pick twice.  So now he divides that group  that got the two right picks into  two  halves and sends 1024 people an up prediction and the other 1024 the down prediction.  Every month he drops off the half of his mailing list that got the bad pick that month , but the remaining half has seen him make one right pick after another!  At the end of a year he has one newsletter recipient who has seen him make 12  correct picks in a row.  That investors know the probability of 12 correct picks in a row is very low1 / 2^12) so they conclude that it isn't chance a lone that makes him a great stock picker -- they conclude he is a genius, so the invest a bunch of money with him, and tell all their friends to as well.<br /><br />While the sham newsletter is a well known scam, in Fooled by Randomness, Taleb points out it doesn't require such an actively deceptive strategy to make 12 correct guesses in a row. Given enough investment advisors independently guessing each month's market direction at random, say some number greater than 8096, one or two will surely make 12 lucky guesses in a row.  And in fact, when we say they make their predictions randomly,  we don't mean that they don't have a method -- maybe they read tea leaves, counted sun spots or compared the month's average temperature in Jackson Hole, Wyoming versus than the average for the month over the last 20 years.  As long as these methods are independent, distributed widely, and uncorrelated with the actual factors that drive the market, there will still be a few lucky winners who will get it right.  But now their results will be shown in Morningstar or Consumer Reports, and people will think that given their past track record was so good, so will their future be equally  good!  But because actually these were just random correlations, their futures aren't always so rosy.<br /><br />The point of Fooled by Randomness is that these investment advisors not only fooled unsophisticated small investors into thinking that they were brilliant (rather than just lucky and later unlucky), but they fooled their superiors at the trading firms, the financial press,  and  themselves as well.  So all of these people were unprepared when the wheel of chance turned again -- this time against them.  This sets the stage for the Black Swan -- not merely should we realize that  we are prisoners of a chaotic environment full of randomness, but we should also realize that we actors in this environment and can use our improved appreciation of uncertainty to better shape our destinies.<br /><br />In The Black Swan, Taleb tackles how to take advantage of the deliberately take advantage of improbable, but not impossible events, not by being smarter about when they will happen, but simply by embracing randomness and the impossibility of making the right prediction in the next moment but also the certainty that ultimately the unlikely even will happen.  He draws on a wide range of historical events that seemed unpredictable in advance -- from the world of war, to big finance, to individual career decisions to illustrate the breadth of application of this theory.<br /><br />Taleb's appreciation of this theory and how to apply it goes much deeper than typical applications of this theory in business and economics.<br /><br />For instance, we are all familiar with one major financial industry built on a probabilistic understanding of an event which is unlikely in the next moment, but which in the long run becomes increasingly certain: namely Life Insurance.  When we buy life insurance we are essentially making a bet -- we are betting that we will die so much sooner than our remaining life expectancy that our estate will make a bigger return on paying our premium to the insurance company and collecting the value at our death, compared to what we could earn if we just put that same amount of money into some other investment (e.g. an S&P index fund) and watching it grow ourselves.  Of course the Insurance company uses actuarial charts and its expectations of future investment returns to calculate a premium that will be sufficient to earn it a healthy profit over time.  Yes, the Black Swan underlies this business, but the beauty of Taleb's analysis of the Black Swan is to see that this thought process can be applied to other things as well.  Should you work at a \\"stable\\" middle of the road salary job for you life?  Or should you take a high risk series of high risk / high reward jobs in the hope of hitting it big?<br /><br />If you live in California, should you stockpile emergency supplies in San Francisco and LA to sell immediately to unprepared homeowners after the next big earthquake hits?  How about stockpiling goods in Miami for unprepared Florida coast homeowners hit by the next hurricane?<br /><br />Thinking about the Black Swan can give you some insight into some of these questions, but they can also give you some insight about the eventual failure of most any institution built to profit on them too.  What are your estimates of frequency/probability and magnitude of the catastrophe or subsequent profit opportunity based on?  Their frequencies and magnitudes in the past?  If so, how much do they reflect all the uncertain ways that the past might be different from the future.<br /><br />What if global climate change occurs, and the homes you were prepared to supply after a hurricane are now permanently abandoned and under water  due to rising sea levels?  Or what if a small asteroid hits the Pacific plate off the California coast:  instantly releasing the pressure along the entire San Andreas fault -- but also creating a huge Tsunami that wipes out  the large portions of San Francisco and Los Angeles.  Did your model take these unlikely events into consideration? What other possible events are missing from our oversimplified models?<br /><br />For all of the above reasons, I find The Black Swan a book of timeless value.  But ironically it is also a book of very timely value.<br /><br />As we watch the unfolding aftermath of a global credit crisis that even former Federal Reserve Chairman, Alan Greenspan, admits that he never thought possible,  the Black Swan theory is a great guide:  It was not the stupidity of regulators and central bankers, nor the greed of bankers, investors, and prospective homeowners that caused such a precipitous turn of events -- rather it was our reliance on models that simplify complex processes enough that we can understand them and predict them MOST of the time -- and our failure to distinguish MOST of the time from ALL of the time.  In particular, investors and regulators failed to anticipate the risks of  the Credit Default Swap market and subprime mortgage crisis can be tied to an unreasoning belief in the power of DIVERSIFICATION in the standard investment MODEL to eliminate major risks.  Diversification works MOST of the time, because most of the time institutions and individuals default on loans for reasons that are largely individual, or that at worst affect only a local or regional economy or just one industrial sector of an economy. That is, these defaults are mostly independent of each other.  So at any given time some subgroup is affected and default rates in that group might be higher than normal, but some other region or sector is growing and default rates there are lower -- therefore if you diversify widely enough,  the standard investment risk models says you should be safe from large swings in the average value of your portfolio.<br /><br />That is of course only true as long as the assumption or model is based upon -- that failures and loan defaults are INDEPENDENT of each other -- is still true.<br /><br />And historically, independence of events has been a pretty good assumption to make.  In 1900, if a shipper of grain in China lost a ship full of rice due to a severe storm at sea  while it was on its way to Japan, his loss might affect the farmers that grew the grain in China, the merchants who were going to sell the rice in Japan, and perhaps even the fishermen who were going to buy and eat the rice in Japan.  But that loss was almost assuredly independent of whether a shipload of leather sent by train from cattle ranches in Wyoming reached shoemakers in Boston.<br /><br />But the world of finance and commerce today is very different. There are multinational corporations with revenues that exceed the Domestic National Product of more than 100 countries.  There are multinational financial institutions which finance and insure these companies, and their are investors who seek to diversify their risk worldwide by investing outside their own native countries.  There are financial institutions that have lent so much money to so many companies around the world that if they were to pull their loans in millions of jobs would be lost overnight,  And they have also borrowed so much of this money from other financial institutions that if they were to become bankrupt overnight, then 100s of of lenders would no longer be solvent either.<br /><br />With all this interconnected borrowing and lending, buying and selling, saving and investingamong people all around the world -- all connected by fiber cable trading systems that literally work at the speed of light,  we have become more INTERDEPENDENT, not INDEPENDENT.  And because of that interdependence, there is a greater possibility that some large shock could suddenly affect players all around the globe and in all kinds of industries, thereby undermining our assumption of independence.  So instead of being like random waves where crests colide with troughs, and troughs with crests dampening the magnitude of each and cancelling each other out, these impulses become synchronized waves whose crests intersect with crests, and troughs with troughs to amplify themselves to even larger crests and troughs like a tsunami.  Soon the entire world's financial structure and economies are at risk of a simultaneous shutdown.<br /><br />The occurrence of such an alignment may be infrequent and its likelihood improbably, but the magnitude when it does hit can be devastating, and all the more so because we failed to distinguish the improbable (the Black Swan) from the impossible and so we did not prepare for it at all.<br /><br />If we all better understood the theory of the Black Swan, as well as its application to our own daily life choices, we could all profit more from unlikely events, and better prepare for the dangerous Black Swans that threaten to wipe us out.<br /><br />Taleb deserves great credit, as a philosopher (his preferred vocation), psychologist, sociologist, financier, economist, mathematician and engaging author for establishing a powerful highly explanatory model, and a language and framework for further analysis.  This is not merely an epistemological model of what we can know and what we cannot.  It is a powerful model of how we can identify what we cannot know, and the how the means we use to systematize what we know blind us to risks from what we do not know.<br /><br /> Judged as a work of philosophy it surely will rank with both Wittgenstein's earlier work  (Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus)  and his later (Philosophical Investigation)s in terms of a crystallization of how our models of the world define us and limit us in what we allow ourselves to perceive; but as a work of literature he does this with far more wit, charm, entertainment and erudition.<br /><br />Kudos to Nassim Nicholas Taleb on another insighfult book, for his exceptional view into randomness how it forms mankind's greatest capabilities and greatest limitations, and for his ability to explain so much complexity so simply, in a way accessible to us all.ys that the past might be different from the future.    What if global climate change occurs, and the homes you were prepared to supply after a hurricane are now permanently abandoned and under water  due to rising sea levels?   Or what if a small asteroid hits the Pacific plate off the California coast:  instantly releasing the pressure along the entire San Andreas fault -- but also creating a huge Tsunami that wipes out  the large portions of San Francisco and Los Angeles.   Did your model take these unlikely events into consideration? What other possible events are missing from our oversimplified models?    For all of the above reasons, I find The Black Swan a book of timeless value.   But ironically it is also a book of very timely value.    As we watch the unfolding aftermath of a global credit crisis that even former Federal Reserve Chairman, Alan Greenspan, admits that he never thought possible,   the Black Swan theory is a great guide:  It was not the stupidity of regulators and central bankers, nor the greed of bankers, investors, and prospective homeowners that caused such a precipitous turn of events -- rather it was our reliance on models that simplify complex processes enough that we can understand them and predict them MOST of the time -- and our failure to distinguish MOST of the time from ALL of the time.    In particular, investors and regulators failed to anticipate the risks of  the Credit Default Swap market and subprime mortgage crisis can be tied to an unreasoning belief in the power of DIVERSIFICATION in the standard investment MODEL to eliminate major risks.   Diversification works MOST of the time, because most of the time institutions and individuals default on loans for reasons that are largely individual, or that at worst affect only a local or regional economy or just one industrial sector of an economy. That is, these defaults are mostly independent of each other.  So at any given time some subgroup is affected and default rates in thatgroup might be higher than normal, but some other region or sector is growing and default rates there are lower -- therefore if you diversify widely enough,  the standard investment risk models says you should be safe from large swings in the average value of your portfolio.      That is of course only true as long as the assumption or model is based upon -- that failures and loan defaults are INDEPENDENT of each other -- is still true.    And historically, independence of events has been a pretty good assumption to make.  In 1900, if a shipper of grain in China lost a ship full of rice due to a severe storm at sea  while it was on its way to Japan, his loss might affect the farmers that grew the grain in China, the merchants who were going to sell the rice in Japan, and perhaps even the fishermen who were going to buy and eat the rice in Japan.    But that loss was almost assuredly independent of whether a shipload of leather sent by train from cattle ranches in Wyoming reached shoemakers in Boston.      But the world of finance and commerce today is very different. There are multinational corporations with revenues that exceed the Domestic National Product of more than 100 countries.   There are multinational financial institutions which finance and insure these companies, and their are investors who seek to diversify their risk worldwide by investing outside their own native countries.   There are financial institutions that have lent so much money to so many companies around the world that if they were to pull their loans in millions of jobs would be lost overnight,  And they have also borrowed so much of this money from other financial institutions that if they were to become bankrupt overnight, then 100s of of lenders would no longer be solvent either.       With all this interconnected borrowing and lending, buying and selling, saving and investing among people all around the world -- all connected by fiber cable trading systems that literally work at the speed of light,  we have become more INTERDEPENDENT, not INDEPENDENT.  And because of that interdependence, there is a greater possibility that some large shock could suddenly affect players all around the globe and in all kinds of industries, thereby undermining our assumption of independence.   So instead of being like random waves where crests colide with troughs, and troughs with crests dampening the magnitude of each and cancelling each other out, these impulses become synchronized waves whose crests intersect with crests, and troughs with troughs to amplify themselves to even larger crests and troughs like a tsunami.   Soon the entire world's financial structure and economies are at risk of a simultaneous shutdown.    The occurrence of such an alignment may be infrequent and its likelihood improbably, but the magnitude when it does hit can be devastating, and all the more so because we failed to distinguish the improbable (the Black Swan) from the impossible and so we did not prepare for it at all.      If we all better understood the theory of the Black Swan, as well as its application to our own daily life choices, we could all profit more from unlikely events, and better prepare for the dangerous Black Swans that threaten to wipe us out.      Taleb deserves great credit, as a philosopher (his preferred vocation), psychologist, sociologist, financier, economist, mathematician and engaging author for establishing a powerful highly explanatory model, and a language and framework for further analysis.  This is not merely an epistemological model of what we can know and what we cannot.  It is a powerful model of how we can identify what we cannot know, and the how the means we use to systematize what we know blind us to risks from what we do not know.      Judged as a work of philosophy it surely will rank with both Wittgenstein's earlier work  (Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus)  and his later (Philosophical Investigation)s in terms of a crystallization of how our models of the world define us and limit us in what we allow ourselves to perceive; but as a work of literature he does this with far more wit, charm, entertainment and erudition.    Kudos to Nassim Nicholas Taleb on another insighfult book, for his exceptional view into randomness how it forms mankind's greatest capabilities and greatest limitations, and for his ability to explain so much complexity so simply, in a way accessible to us all.
0670019925|5.0|David Lodge's style is a delight - beautifully simple and natural,  without straining after effect, ideally suited to humour, but also to more reflective passages.  And this book has plenty of both.<br /><br />I have to use a hearing aid myself, though I am not as severely afflicted by deafness as is Desmond Bates, and therefore I don't mishear as hilariously as he does; but I also have to laugh wryly at his spot-on descriptions of the rituals connected with hearing aids, and the trials and tribulations at parties, at the theatre, or in restaurants.  And he is so right that having to ask people to repeat themselves is exasperating for all concerned.<br /><br />Desmond's family relationships are beautifully conveyed: the love he had for his first wife and now has for his second (a pretty strong, healthy and no-nonsense character) and the exasperated affection he has for his even deafer old father, who lives a lonely life of self-neglect.  Desmond himself, a retired Professor of Linguistics, is in his sixties, and is experiencing other signs of advancing years apart from deafness, for example a reduced potency, until ... Well, no: a subplot - rather more substantial, actually, than a subplot - about a flaky young American woman student at his university keeps you pleasantly on tenterhooks, but promises more, I think, than it delivers.<br /><br />Linguistics is one of those typically modern subjects in which, through theoretical analysis of texts (is a particular suicide note a locutionary, illocutionary or perlocutionary utterance?), `we murder to dissect'.  Lodge/Bates describes it in a deadpan way in all its dry absurdity. (Apologies to linguisticians and perhaps to Lodge himself.)<br /><br />In the last part of the book, the humour, which has pervaded most it, fades away in moving episodes which seem to suggest that the afflictions of being hard of hearing need to be kept in proportion.  What, after all, according to the life-affirming David Lodge, is a deaf sentence when compared with a death sentence?sentence?
B000PHX4VA|5.0|Great collection of Police songs!  I bought for my boyfriend's birthday and he loves it.  He wanted all the songs he knows and loves and this CD collection has that.  Very satified with purchase and Amazon!
0446614459|4.0|I'd be hard pressed to tell you if Maxwell and King or The Camel Club would be #1 with me.  Suffice it to say if Baldacci writes it you MUST read it.  This book is how Maxwell and King meet - it's government coverups, murder most foul and other heart racing goodies.  I seem to be reading these books in a reverse order - doesn't matter because the content is always worth the price of admission.  Good book for beach or an air conditioned room.  Enjoy!
B001DJLCRC|5.0|I love this show, now entering its third season on AMC.  I can't wait for the second season to come out to start my Breaking Bad library.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|The best version of Stand By Me that I have ever heard in my life.  The cast of musicians singing the song is mesmorizing.  The rest of the song selections are done with style.  Everyone should own this music.  It's that good!<br /><br />Matti Kniva Spencer, music lover from Boston, MA
159562015X|5.0|Muy interesante, nosotros lo utilizamos en los procesos de selecci&oacute;n para nuestros clientes, entre otras razones porque \\"obtiene\\" una muy buena fotograf&iacute;a de las fortalezas de los candidatos/empleados.<br /><br />Very interesting, we will use in the selection process for our customers, partly because he gets \\"a very good picture of the strengths of the candidates / employees.<br /><br />Onnure Consultor&iacute;a y Servicios SA<br />Madrid, Espa&ntilde;a
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have been a fan of NBC's The Biggest Loser for years.  I find it is very inspirational for me.  I have struggled with my weight all of my life and watching others go through the same roller coaster gives me strength.  Jillian is definitely a no-nonsense trainer.  This workout is great.  It is pretty intense but if you're familiar with Jillian at all you know she's pretty intense.  I like that it has different workouts and that it is 20 minutes.  If you are looking for something to step up your workout then this is it!
006135323X|4.0|A good insight on why people make the decisions they do and how one may present alternatives to get the results he wants.
B00127RAJY|5.0|30 day shred is Totally effective and doable.  I am 61 and have recommended it to everyone I know.
B000002JNJ|5.0|If you like Pantera,you have this, if not you need to listen just once, and i guarantee once will not be enough.Kicking off the album, Cowboy's From Hell will show you exactly what Pantera's all about. It's raw, its heavy and its brilliant.
0525421033|5.0|When 17-year-old Mia wakes up on a snowy morning, her family celebrates their unexpected holiday with chocolate chip pancakes. As her mother, father and little brother Teddy plan what to do with their time off from work and school, Mia looks in the newspaper for news about her boyfriend Adam's band. She is planning to go to their concert that night, but she also wants to practice her cello with a pianist. Mia is a passionate and gifted cellist who is fairly confident that her recent audition has gained her an acceptance from Juilliard, based on comments from one of the judges. But today, with her cello at school and unavailable, she has some time on her hands.    Mia's family decides to go for a ride. They can visit old family friends, stop by an enormous bookstore, and then swing by to eat dinner with Mia's grandparents. In the car, each family member battles for his or her favorite music to play on the stereo. Their tastes reflect their personalities, with mom requesting NPR, bow-tied dad wanting Frank Sinatra, and Teddy asking for SpongeBob. Mia, as always, wants to listen to the classical music station. Beethoven's Cello Sonata No. 3 is playing when Mia closes her eyes --- and her life is abruptly and forever changed.    The car is decimated after the accident, but the radio continues to play Beethoven. At first Mia is reassured and decides everything will be okay. After all, she's standing by the vehicle, hearing the music. But then she sees her father. He is dead. Next, she finds her mother, who has also died in the collision. Now Mia is desperate to find her little brother. She spies a hand in a ditch and runs toward it, calling his name. When she reaches the person in the ditch, she realizes she is looking at her own mangled, bleeding body.    As Mia reels in disbelief, wondering if she is actually dead, the paramedics arrive on the scene. She watches them attend to her body, frantically performing emergency medical care, and then transporting her speedily to the emergency room. There, she hears a paramedic report that her parents are dead, but her brother is also being rushed to the ER. Eventually, Mia follows her body as it is transported to an intensive care unit in a big city hospital, all the while reflecting on her first date with Adam and how their musical passions are completely different and yet unite them.    Mia --- the one lying in a coma in an ICU bed --- is in serious condition, with a collapsed lung, ruptured spleen, internal bleeding, and damage to her brain. As the doctors work to repair her shattered body, the conscious Mia reminisces about her life and watches her grandparents and other relatives visit her. Mia learns further devastating news about the consequences of the car accident. She also realizes that she has a pivotal decision to make --- her own life or death choice. With so many overwhelming tragedies and tremendous setbacks, her life will never be remotely the same. Is it worth struggling to re-enter life and live it? Should she stay...or should she go?    IF I STAY, Gayle Forman's outstanding debut novel, is an emotionally gripping story. As readers follow Mia's life after the accident, we also learn via plentiful flashbacks about her life before tragedy struck. Her colorful, vibrant family members are recalled so vividly that they could step off the page --- and break our hearts. Her remembrances highlight Mia's romance with her boyfriend and her passion for her music. Readers will find her predicament absorbing, and the book's climax poignant and satisfying.       --- Reviewed by Terry Miller Shannon
B000000W5P|5.0|No way can you pick the STONES best,but this would be a good place to start.But back in 1978, in the midst of the punk and new wave movement, this album from The Stones was proof positive that the old guard could produce albums of brilliance.  It rocked.    'Miss You' is disco equal or better than anything of this  at the time.   'Lies' is a great hard hitting rocker with Mick Jagger again in fine form on vocals. 'Just My Imagination' is an inspired choice of cover.   'Faraway Eyes' is a brilliant sort of a country and western ballad.  'Respectable' is a great rocker.  'Before They Make Me Run' is a fine Keith Richards song.   'Beast Of Burden' is about the best song form the Stones from the late 1970s. They have returned to it in concert more than once, but nothing matches this studio version.   And then we come to 'Shattered' which is a brilliant Stones rocker from the very top drawer.
B00278U1W0|5.0|I enjoyed this concert very much! Blu-Ray just makes it all the better. I liked \\"Vodo Child\\" the best I think. I never knew Steve played the Gutar, But he does very well! I don't see how you can't enjoy this dvd concert SEE MY VIDEO REVIEW OF THIS AND SEVERAL OTHER DVD CONCERTS ON YOU TUB PUT IN YOU TUB SEARCH (MrWm2800). you will see this and several other concert reviews
B0026IBX1Y|5.0|Perhaps a top 100 book of the century.  Heartbreaking and the indominable strength of ones soul.  (As one also dying of a malignant brain tumor at 50 (started at 45)) , since being diagnosed 4.5 years ago, and 4 brain operations, perhaps I connected with Morrie more than others might.  Mitch Albom however was more a journalist than a friend for years.  Only when he heard of Morrie's quick downfall, did he run to an airport.<br />Awesome book though, should be on the reading list of every high school and college.  Thank you Mitch for this gem!  Morrie, I hope wherever you are, I hope you have room to dance, rest peacefully.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I just got into this show on dvd and I strongly recommend it. I have no idea why I never heard more word of mouth about True Blood because it's the best show I have seen in awhile. It's a lot like Twilight...except there's nudity, sex and it's a hell of a lot more violent. It's about a mind reading Waitress named Sookie (Anna Paquin) who falls hard for a vampire named Bill (Stephen Moyer). Vampires are well known to the world, but no one trusts them. Some, prefer just to drink True Blood which is a blood drink sold for them even if it doesn't exactly fill their thirst completely. Bill is a peaceful vampire that drinks True Blood and who has never turned a human into a vampire. Kind of like Bella in Twilight, Sookie can read everyone's mind, except Bill. She likes that about him though, since she hears thoughts of others way too much.<br /><br />  While there may be more to her boss Sam (Sam Tremmell) who has a big crush on her. He barks in his sleep and runs around the woods naked. He also isn't supportive to her relationship with Bill. Is he the person killing vampire supporters close to Sookie ? The police think he's a suspect, while her brother Jason (Ryan Kwanten) is also a suspect since he slept with 2 of the victims.<br /><br />  Jason also gets hooked on vampire blood which is just called V by it's users. It has a strong trippy effect that he gets hooked to. He gets so hooked though that it starts to put a strain on his relationships with people close to him. His addiction also causes him more trouble than it's worth as the season goes on.<br /><br />  True Blood is a smart and well acted show that has a lot going for it. Twilight fans may find it to be a total rip-off from the sound of my review but the books that the show is based on might've been around before Twilight. But am not sure how much the show goes by the books since I never read them. There's not really too much to compare between the 2. Except what I mentioned already. The Twilight books are pretty good but this show is way better than the movie that's extremely over-rated by it's fans. If you haven't started watching it...then start! Anna Paquin doing nude scenes is a plus too lol.etty good but this show is way better than the movie that's extremely over-rated by it's fans. If you haven't started watching it...then start! Anna Paquin doing nude scenes is a plus too lol.
B00005JN8Z|4.0|This is an incredible DVD transfer. It shows you what movies used to be like when color was really COLOR! I've always enjoyed this film, but cannot believe how absolutely gorgeous it is on DVD. (And it really makes me long to see a restored print on the big screen.) The commentary is excellent, full of wonderful anecdotes about the making of the film and the fabulous cast. If you are fond of anciente epics, remember that QUO VADIS is the one that set the whole cycle in motion. Watch this. You are  in for a treat.
1400063515|2.0|It's nice the book is not a sales pitch for his favorite fund.  Around 16% of the pages in the book touch the topic of investing, trading, or markets.  I consider pages 43, 73, 97, 124, 205-207, 223 to be the most useful.  I'm not sure how to profit from rare events if the events are rare.  As a paid critic, the author has improved his craft.  He is critical of others on pages 105-106, 133, 148, 150, 151, 154-155, 164, 165-166.<br /><br />The author is a humanist (p272).  Around 14% of the pages of the book touch the topic of religion or evolution.  He does not appreciate the design that goes into making a car \\"but it is hard to look at a computer or car and consider them the result of aimless processes. Yet they are.\\"  p170.<br /><br />The book gives me the opinion that the author is bound for hell.  He quotes scripture but ignores its message.  Page 100 gives the story of the drowned worshipers.  Using the logic presented in this story, I wonder if the dead Columbine students would now prefer having \\"Thou shalt not kill\\" be taught in schools.<br /><br />The author appears weak in advance statistics.  He doesn't appear to be aware of the tools used by the Quality field in its application of solving problems in industry.<br /><br />The author considers psychology to be mostly present in the first 132 pages of the book (page xxviii).  However, if you are interested in the psychology associated with trading, then you will find a smoother flowing story in the book \\"Reminiscences of a Stock Operator.\\"
B000FC11JW|5.0|Drucker defines \\"Executive\\" widely -- an executive is basically anyone who makes decisions regarding how to spend one's time in order to further the goals of the organization.  By this definition anyone can benefit from reading Drucker's musings:  Project Coordinators, low and mid level managers, VPs and CEOs.  Drucker's explanation of the difference between manufacturing workers and \\"knowledge\\" workers is illuminating.  Essentially, anyone not \\"on the clock\\" has to manage him/herself, and therein lies the challenge.  This book is both a business book and a self-help manual in one, and is the best I've read in either genre.
B0001US8EO|5.0|Back in college I made a book report on Wyatt Earp, after reading the book, I found out there was a movie. I first rented the vhs, and everything there was in the book, it was in the movie. Great performance by Kevin Costner and the entire cast. Great movie to learn about the greatest lawman ever in the country. Excellent movie to enjoy with the family
B001U5V04O|3.0|[[ASIN:B001U5V04O Don Giovanni [Blu-ray]]]  Excellent performances, and stage settings.    The real turnoff for me was the stars stripping - DG baring his chest, and he and others taking off their shoes. Why did they do that?    I am staying with my Glyndebourne version.
6304711905|4.0|This a great action movie, Russell makes a great Wyatt and Kilmer the best Doc H. The movie is not quite accurate as the real story, but is still one of the best western action movies I have ever seen!
B001F0VHEM|5.0|Loved almost every song, except Mean, but i still listen to the entire CD. Pink ROCKS!!!!
B001F9Y2CM|4.0|First of all, I think it was a great idea to release the albums in their original form for a change. By that I mean releasing the albums without bonus tracks. Most of ABBA's albums had very poignant closing tracks and the effect of them was lost when bonus tracks (in the shape of B-sides or previously unreleased material) were added to the original albums in earlier CD-releases.    Another plus for this collection is the remastering. This release uses the same remastering as the (more comprehensive) Complete Studio Recordings box set (released in 2005) and the tracks sound much fresher and more vibrant than the very poor remasters that were done in 1997 and 2001 which sounded flat and lifeless.    To make this box set completely satisfactory, they should have put more effort into reproducing the original album sleeves. They are printed on thin paper and some of them look like they've been Xeroxed. Furthermore, none of the inner sleeves that came with some of the original albums are included here. One just needs to turn to the 2004 Japanese box set of ABBA's albums to see that this can be done in a much classier way. The latter even used the lavish gatefold sleeve of the UK-release of The Album.  Apart from that, the booklet is very minimal. It doesn't offer any liner notes about the albums. However, it does offer a brief timeline of ABBA's career that includes no info that any true ABBA-fan doesn't already know.    Therefore, this release is probably aimed at the casual ABBA-listener who wants to hear more of ABBA's output than just the hits that were included on ABBA Gold. For that target group it's an excellent way to get their hands on ABBA's hidden gems. Among them, great tracks such as That's Me, One Man, One Woman, If It Wasn't For The Nights, Our Last Summer, Like An Angel Passing Through My Room and... and...   ABBA has so much more to offer than just ABBA Gold. When recording their albums, ABBA treated every track as a possibe single. This meant that only the cream of the crop made it onto the albums, there are no fillers.    Without a doubt, ABBA is one of the biggest acts in the history of popular music. So I rate the music included here with five stars, the reproduction of the original artwork and the booklet three stars at the most.
0517548232|4.0|This is a great book for readers both with and without a background in economics.  It's an easy-to-read primer on the issues if you don't have a background; if you do have some background, the author will get you thinking about some of the issues more thoroughly or remind you to think from a different direction.     First, the \\"one lesson\\" is presented.  Essentially, the lesson is that in economics you need to look just not at the immediate effects of an economic policy on a targeted group, but also at the long-term effects and the impact on all groups.   Seems simple and obvious, but isn't always practiced.     The book consists of about 25 chapters, each covering a different policy issue such as public works, public savings, price fixing and rent control.  It then discusses each policy's immediate and future impacts and stretches your thinking to groups other than just the target of the policy.  This is the magic of the book: no matter your political philosophy or economic background, Economics in One Lesson will help you see some of the issues in a new light.     It is very anti-Keynesian and somewhat Austrian in its outlook.  It fits more on the conservative side of the political spectrum. I wish that it contained supportive data for the positions it takes, but that really isn't the purpose of the book and it doesn't purport to do that.   It also would have been nice to have better and more complete arguments against Hazlitt's point of view.  Nonetheless, I suggest Economics in One Lesson to anyone with an interest in economics or even politics, particularly in today's economic and political climate.
0446672653|1.0|Wow. This book was really something.  Highly suggestible people being lead to \\"regress\\" to past lives by a \\"Doctor\\".  I tried to have an open mind, I really did. But this is too much.
B001W63DXC|5.0|Once again Iron Maiden has rocked the world. If you call yourself a fan then you have to have this.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|Bought this item for our City Mini Baby Jogger stroller as it was less than half the price of the accessory made specially for the stroller and I figured... \\"why not give it a shot?\\" And it fits great! It took less than 30 seconds to attach the velcro straps to the handle bar on our City Mini and it's sturdy. There are two cup holders built in and the snug elastic material \\"hugs\\" the cups so they stay in place while you stroll. You can easily move the elastic material to the side also and regain more space in the main compartment as needed. Can't beat the price and it's super easy to move to a different stroller as needed.
B0000009SY|4.0|Great album (for true Zappa fans!) the album is a story of a guy in the music business and government trying to supress his music.  It can be offensive if you are not a Zappa fan, but if you like Zappa you should enjoy these albums.
1416905014|5.0|This book is beautiful.  However, my grandaughter, age 3, is too young to handle it herself.  It is kept on a high shelf and we read it together as a special treat.  Actually, I don't read her the story exactly as written, just follow along with the pop-ups and read an occasional phrase.  She has another, simpler and cheaper, version of Cinderella that she picks up and looks at herself.  If I had it to do over, I would have waited until she was a little older before purchasing this one, but she'll grow into it.
B00110K3BY|5.0|If you are a Zappa fan you already own these 2 albums  If not you will be after listening to these.  In my opinion the Apostrophe ' album is his best work.
B0029NY9YO|4.0|The graphic novel WATCHMEN is perhaps the greatest graphic novel ever written.  I'm not one to linger on that title too much, since I've never been a big comic book guy; I will say that WATCHMEN is certainly a great work of literature.  It features some insightful and disturbing suggestions, set against a fantastic premise: what if individuals, inspired by comic books, began dressing up in costumes and fighting crime?  And what would happen when these masked heroes came across a genuine superhero?<br /><br />Zack Snyder's film is an almost-too-faithful adaptation of Alan Moore and Dave Gibbon's source novel.  WATCHMEN doesn't feel like its own film; it feels more like a tribute to the graphic novel.  Nor, for that matter, does the movie quite congeal: it's more a hodgepodge of related scenes thrown together.  Granted, everything is visually stunning, and the action keeps the film flowing fairly smoothly.  However, the theoretical concepts aren't quite meant for the silver screen.  Hollywood has rarely been able to achieve the complexity of the written (or illustrated) word, and the relative flatness of WATCHMEN's (the film) ending is bitter proof of that.  When I saw it in the cinema, people actually laughed.<br /><br />You will have to decide for yourself if Snyder deserves praise or condemnation for keeping the film so faithful.  Overall, WATCHMEN is an enjoyable film experience that is worth repeating.  The acting is fairly solid, especially from Billy Crudup as Dr. Manhattan, and Jackie Earle Haley as Rorschach, the film's driving character.  Dialogue and scenes are mostly taken word-for-word from the graphic novel (whether they should be or not is debatable).  The end result is a film worth seeing, but when compared to the source material pales almost into non-existence.  Nor can you really judge the film on its own merits, since it goes so far out of its way to stay true to the novel.
B0011HOEY4|3.0|The acting was great the story was based on actual historical figures unfortunately the movie is very misleading.  Frank Lucas was not a major part of the criminal activities in the African-American communities of New York City. His activities was confined to a very small area. Whereas Nick Barnes and his associates were all over the city. They were the main drug dealers during those days. There is a documentary on DVD called '[[ASIN:B000YDOOQE Mr. Untouchable]] about Nicky Barnes and his crew. On this DVD there is a recent recorded conversation between Frank Lucas and Nicky Barnes, where Frank Lucas says that Nicky was 'the man', You can tell by the tone of the conversation who was the real boss of the crime world in the African American community. This movie (American Gangster) showed Nicky Barnes (played by Cuba Goodings Jr) in a very negative way. The truth was that Nicky Barnes was more like the way that Denzel Washington portrayed Frank Lucas and the way Cuba Goodings Jr acted was more like the way Frank Lucas behaved. Also in Bumpy Johnson's widow's book (Harlem Godfather), she said that Frank Lucas was never close to Bumpy Johnson. If you would like to know the truth about the gangster life in the 'black' community of New York city from the 1920s until the late 1970 read '[[ASIN:0967602831 Harlem Godfather: The Rap on my Husband, Ellsworth Bumpy Johnson]] a fascinating account of the war with 'Dutch Shultz' and also about the people of Harlem during the early 1900s until the 1960s by Mayme Hatcher Johnson. Also the book [[ASIN:1903854822 Mr Untouchable: The Rise and Fall of the Black Godfather]]by Nicky Barnes. Also see the DVD  called '[[ASIN:B000YDOOQE Mr. Untouchable]].
B000NDEXOI|4.0|Who doesn't love Skidrow?  All of their hits packed on one CD.  Plus the sound quality is much better then the original CDs I have from them.
0679847367|5.0|I gave this book to a high school graduate who I think \\"will go places.\\"
6305212112|5.0|This heart warming movie is a favorite of mine and all those who have seen it. It is all about love and friendship, and a dedication rarely seen today.
0385471378|5.0|Good.  It was like the seller said it would be.  quick delivery, very honest!
B000022TSY|5.0|Easy Rider it was great!  Just as good as it was the first time I saw back in the 60's!
B000S5C1Z4|4.0|I got introduced to the cocteau twins in artschool some one popped in a the pink opaque cd and ive followed liz fraisers siren voice ever since.ive been a die hard fan for over 18 years. they are that innovative a group. this is art in the form of music i have to remind myself,that this is a woman not a bird signing. this compilation is  good .. but still missing alot of  great songs,Dials, when mama was moth, Domino,those eyes that mouth,eggs and thier shells, sea swallow me, (Ooze Out and Away, Onehow),Oomingmak. the flagstones,  to compile a best of CD there are just too many and there are those hard to find tracks that fans have treasured on vinyl.I would recomend this compilation but look for more, albums: the pink opaque, moon and the melodies and treasure are higly recomended.there is a CD called the forgotten 4AD tracks it contains alot of rare Twins.we owe our gratitude to 4AD for giving us such innovative music for years.and giving artists like the cocteau twins, dead can dance, exposure.their music will be enjoyed over generations.as an artist I also enjoyed the twins album covers they were the perfect prelude to such beautiful music.
0316067601|5.0|This story is absolutely amazing.  The first half of the book is a thorough glimpse into the becoming of a Navy SEAL, pretty intense but rather boring after a couple dozen pages.  Don't be deterred by this section of the book, don't put it down, keep reading!  When they get deployed and finally begin their mission (redwing, I think) it is non-stop on-the-edge-of-your-seat reading.  I loved this book, and so have three of my close friends who don't typically enjoy reading non-fiction.  Buy it, read it, and read it again.
B001LPWGE6|4.0|The only thing it was missing was a digital copy of the movies.  (every other blu-day i have purchased has included a digital copy)
0743233832|5.0|I bought this book for my daughter for her English assignment, and she said it was a great book and had some great information. From her opinion I think it is a great book to reference to.
B000P12LWY|3.0|Machiavellian and easily digestible at the same time, \\"The Tudors- The Complete First Season\\" definitely qualifies as history-lite.  In other words, don't watch it as your primary source for your dissertation on the period.  But for what it is, which is a generally entertaining historical drama that gives more than a few nods to the true events and issues of the period, one can do worse.<br /><br />\\"The Tudors\\" also reminded me of \\"The Sopranos\\" a little, not only for the frequent intrique about who should live and die, but also because the emphasis is mostly on making each episode a small stand-alone movie, not so much the \\"thrilling next chapter\\" in the story.  \\"The Sopranos\\" did that a lot, and once one got used to the idea that you weren't necessarily going to see every little plotline or intrigue satisfyingly move forward each episode, things were fine.  Things generally work that way with these ten first season episodes of \\"The Tudors\\", too, though the show does make a LITTLE more of an effort to keep things moving forward than the other program did.<br /><br />There's also some notable cleverness on display on the part of the writers. For example, when a particular character (I won't say who) dies in a dramatically different way than history tells us he did, the writers don't simply reap the dramatic rewards of the more colorful death, but also toss an explanation to those in the know about the actual events: \\"No one must ever know,\\" the King says, \\"how our friend really died.  We will put forth a more dignified story for our subjects, and that's how history will remember this sad day.\\" I'm paraphrasing the exact quote, but that's pretty close.  A minor detail, to be sure, but I enjoyed that extra step to reconcile alterations made for dramatic purposes with what actually happened.  On a smaller scale, that sort of thing happens throughout these episodes, and it was appreciated.<br /><br />Picture and sound on \\"The Tudors- The Complete First Season\\" varies from crisp & sharp down to merely acceptable: The DVD (or, to be fair, possibly my widescreen LCD television) seemed to have a little trouble with deep reds, though never to the point of things becoming unwatchable.  There are a handful of interesting extra features about both the period of Henry's reign and the production of the episodes.  Just watch out for the special feature involving a tour of the actual locations where the historical events occurred, as one is plainly told who died where, why, and when, which is something that you might not want to know if you want to discover these facts for yourself during the unfolding of the initial and subsequent seasons.<br /><br />Good storytelling, a plethora of wonderful lead and character actors, and very good music make this program, if not a \\"must see\\", than at least a solid and engaging drama worth one's time.  I'm working my way through season two now.n to merely acceptable: The DVD (or, to be fair, possibly my widescreen LCD television) seemed to have a little trouble with deep reds, though never to the point of things becoming unwatchable.  There are a handful of interesting extra features about both the period of Henry's reign and the production of the episodes.  Just watch out for the special feature involving a tour of the actual locations where the historical events occurred, as one is plainly told who died where, why, and when, which is something that you might not want to know if you want to discover these facts for yourself during the unfolding of the initial and subsequent seasons.    Good storytelling, a plethora of wonderful lead and character actors, and very good music make this program, if not a \\"must see\\", than at least a solid and engaging drama worth one's time.  I'm working my way through season two now.
B00005JKDR|5.0|We were hesitant because we didn't want the \\"Monsters\\" to be scary to her.  It actually helped her overcome this fear and understand that monsters are nice and not scary!  This is her favorite movie!
0743487486|3.0|Overall, I'm glad I read it, as it is a thought-provoking read that ultimately made a better parent just by grappling with the issues it presents.    Here is what I liked about it:    Kohn emphasizes teaching empathy, teaching kids about the effects their behavior will have on OTHER people, not just on themselves; teaching kids to behave because it's the right thing to do, not out of fear of punishment or desire for reward. This is an extremely important and useful concept that many parenting books neglect.    I think many of his observations about \\"conditional\\" parenting are spot on, and things I remember painfully from my own childhood.    Everything he says is well-documented, not just his own spouting opinion. I think he is especially brave to take on race, religion and culture when he makes his assertions. I find his information about self-esteem to be particularly relevant.    I like that he allows hardworking parents to cut themselves a slice of slack. The world is not going to come to a crashing halt if your child sees you fumble. I have a three-year-old, and his advice about three-year-olds is helpful in the practical sense. There truly ARE many times when I feel like yelling at my child, \\"Are you dense?!\\" only to have Kohn's words echo back at me, \\"I'm not dense! I'm THREE!\\" A lot of this information is reassuring and helps me to be more calm and patient.    Finally, he advises parents to take his own advice with a grain of salt, something most parenting gurus won't do. He acknowledges that there are times when your child needs a bath or you need to get out of the house by a certain time and you will have to impose your will on the child and there isn't a way around that. He acknowledges that sometimes a thought experiment is just a thought experiment. I appreciate that kind of honesty.    What I didn't like:    Kohn jumps to conclusions a lot and misses some important details. For example, he says that a creative, empathetic child is better than an obedient child. Well, you know, in the long run, sure, I want my child to be creative and self-reliant and not be a \\"yes-child\\" who bows to every authority. But when she was two, I had a terrible time teaching her to walk on the side of the street instead of in the middle (no sidewalks in our neighborhood). It took many tries of picking her up and carrying her home kicking and screaming before she learned to obey me. The point is, sometimes there ARE times when you just plain want your child to obey, and when obedience is a necessary, reasonable goal in the situation. The younger the child, the more true this is, but a child of any age needs to have SOME respect for authority. Maybe not total blind obedience, but some level of acknowledgment that there are people who know more than he does whom he might just benefit from listening to.    And any parent can tell you there are some times when your kid is just plain being bratty, and you as the parent have to make him toe the line. I'm not a huge fan of time-out or punishment in general, but there are times when it IS called for, and it is not love withdrawal. Or if it is, then maybe that's what's needed to get the kid to stop being obnoxious! I feel particularly strongly about natural consequences. Kohn claims that what your child will remember is not the lesson, but that you could have helped and didn't. Well, maybe. But I'm sure all of us who had halfway decent parents will remember some times in our childhood when our parents did things we didn't like at the time, but now that we're grown, we're glad for the lessons we learned from them. My dad taught me to play the trumpet, standing behind me with his hands around my waist, making me push out his hands breathing with my diaphragm. I would never have developed good musicianship if he hadn't done that. My husband's mother used to make him cook meals from scratch AND clean up after himself. We wouldn't be as healthy if she hadn't done that. Sometimes parents have to do things that their kids are going to find jerky, or at least not helpful, at the time, but nevertheless it's necessary to do it anyway. It all depends on the individual parents and children and the situation--it's not something you can make a blanket statement about (at least not an accurate blanket statement).    I totally disagree with Kohn that being polite (\\"please\\" and \\"thank you\\") for its own sake is pointless, and most certainly will encourage a child to use those words, even if she's not old enough to talk yet and I have to say them for her. I do agree with him that the point is to make the other person feel good, not to get what you yourself want, so I won't force the issue.    Finally, I think that all of Kohn's advice on the whole carried out to its logical extreme is just impossible. It would result in mass scale brattiness that would undo all the creativity and empathy that might go along with it.    My conclusions:    I think it's best for a person to have medium self-esteem. I want my daughter to feel like a good and capable person without having an overinflated ego. I do praise her when she has done something genuinely impressive, when I think she really HAS done a good job; I would praise any friend or relative of any age in that instance. I do NOT praise her as positive reinforcement to get her to do it again, nor do I pile on empty praise to inflate her ego. I try to help her see how her actions, good and bad, affect others; but when she really is being obnoxious, I have no qualms about either letting the chips fall where they may (natural consequences) or removing either herself or myself from the situation (punishment, albeit mild punishment; \\"love withdrawal\\"). I tell her I love her even when I'm angry, but that doesn't stop me from letting her know that what she did was wrong.    I'm glad I read this book and I recommend it to anyone who can read it with an open, critical mind and find what makes sense and what applies and what doesn't.     By theway, I know some young adults who were raised this way. They did indeed \\"turn out well\\" as far as being creative and empathetic; they're nice people. But they're not doing so well on the \\"go-to-work-every-day-and-hold-down-a-job-in-order-to-pay-their-own-bills\\" front. I don't know if this is a phase they will outgrow or if maybe a little more discipline when they were younger might have helped move them along a bit.
B001RTP3Z0|5.0|I watched this in full over the weekend for the first time, and although I knew most of the songs, hearing them live brought a whole new level of appreciation. Just listening to and watching his delivery, so full of passion and sincerity, it makes me incredulous that the man has such a way with words.    He's also well-dressed, eloquent and humble with a genuine sense of class and integrity.     A class act.
B001FB55H6|1.0|Ignore the blathering Fanboys, most of whom also thought that the Transformer movies were the height of Intellectual  Cinema.  This movie absolutely was NOT \\"faithful\\" to the Graphic Novel.  It was instead a parody of the graphic novel, and a prime example of why Alan Moore said that a Watchmen movie should never be made.    First of all, Zack Snyder should never be allowed to film anything other than movie trailers.  I'll grant that he really, REALLY knows how to put together a hell of a trailer.  It's everything else that he sucks at.  Here's a good example: in the original graphic novel, Doc Manhattan's penis shows up in two panels.  TWO PANELS out of all the individual comics that eventually comprised the Watchmen graphic novel.  But Snyder literally wags it in our faces throughout the entire movie.  What was originally a commentary on Manhattan's growing disconnect from Humanity became nothing but more of Snyder's homoerotic pandering to complete nitwits.    Beyond that, consider the \\"alley fight\\" between the muggers and NiteOwl/Silk Spectre.  Snyder, never content to just portray a scene the way it occurs in the source material, had to toss in a bunch of gratuitous compound-fractures to appeal to what he sees as his core audience: juvenile imbeciles with room-temperature I.Q.s.  It's no wonder Moore hates adaptations of his work- guys like Snyder not only miss the point, they gleefully misinterpret what Moore was trying to say until the end result pisses all over Moore's actual message.    I don't miss the Squid, though.  If there was one thing Snyder changed for the better, it was the Squid-less ending.
B000P12LWY|3.0|Its a poorly done story about King Henry 8th. Acting is bad.  Lots of killing and sex. Its just not believeable.
B001NFNFIK|3.0|Of the modern mystery authors I've read, James Lee Burke is very possibly the most gifted. At moments his prose soars to near-poetry, his insights into humanity's greatness and smallness are impressive, as are his descriptions of the physical world his characters inhabit. \\"In the Electric Mist With Confederate Dead\\" is one of my favorite Dave Robicheaux novels, and I was pleased to learn that Tommy Lee Jones was starring in a film version of it. Unfortunately, \\"In the Electric Mist,\\" as the movie is called, was a little disappoining. The script actually follows the novel very closely, and it was easy to see that Jones, the scriptwriters and director all had an affection (and respect) for the material, which I appreciated. But the movie's faithfulness to the book may have been, I think, part of the problem. There were simply too many characters and scenes in the novel to put into a less than 2-hour film for the finished product to be as effective as it might. Tommy Lee Jones turned in a fine performance as the angst-ridden, but formidable Robicheaux and John Goodman was good as Baby Feet Balboni. (I'd like to have seen more of Mary Steenburgen as Bootsie.) But while many of the scenes worked well, a number of others had an unfinished or glossed-over feel to them -- possibly the result of having to edit a little too heavily to hold down the length of the picture. Despite its flaws, however, \\"In the Electric Mist\\" was a noble effort at bringing the work of a top-drawer author together with a top-notch actor, and I salute Jones and company for making it happen. What's more, I hope they try again.
B001TODCII|5.0|This was a great movie.  When finished I passed it on to my son and his wife to watch.  Would recommend it to anyone.
B0004Z33G4|5.0|Everything arrived quickly and in perfect condition. The \\"Ultimate Edition\\" isn't ultimate at all, it's probably the worst special feature I've ever seen but you don't have to do mess with it if you don't want.
0385341008|5.0|My good friend, who has flawless taste, recommended this book to me a while back, and I'm so glad I finally settled down and picked it up...once I did I could not put it down!  I absolutely recommend it and am positive it will lift your spirits and touch your heart as it did mine.  My only regret is that it had to end!
B0019FOC5E|5.0|The title - a favorite expression of Sinatra's - says it all.<br /><br />I've been writing a lot of chamber music reviews recently, and I just had to get this off my chest: I LOVE THIS SOUNDTRACK! My wife dragged me - not quite kicking and screaming, but with definite reluctance on my part - to see Mamma Mia! when it was released last year. (Just to give you an idea, I'm a Stephen Sondheim guy). Bottom line: I loved it.  I sang along. I listened as my wife explained why every woman in the theater applauded when Pierce Brosnan got down on one knee to proposed to Meryl Streep, I marvelled at Streep's lung power singing Winner Takes It All, and I came away newly re-convinced that Dancing Queen is the second greatest pop song ever written. (Sorry - #1 has to be Hey Jude)<br /><br />(NOTE: Lovers of Dancing Queen simply have to see Muriel's Wedding - a great Australian film featuring a young Toni Colette in her breakout role. The plot revolves around her love of, and living for, ABBA and the song Dancing Queen is put to great use - [[ASIN:0788814958 Muriel's Wedding]])<br /><br />But I digress. I love this soundtrack.  I love the recreations of the songs. I love the energy. I even love, well, no. I kind of like Pierce Brosnan's warbling. It sounds real. The way that Broadway actors used to sound before they all started to use microphones and sing like Justin Timberlake and Beyonce.<br /><br />My kids - in their early/mid 20s - are home from college and other parts for the summer.  They just raised their eyebrows in their own kind of shock and awe when I put this soundtrack on. (\\"You're listening to a lot of chamber music these days, aren't you Pops?\\") By Day 2, I noticed them humming the songs. By Day 3 they were singing along. By Day 4 they were angry - \\"I can't get that song (choose your pick) OUT OF MY HEAD!\\"<br /><br />This is joyful, timeless, perfectly crafted pop music. As Lola sang in Damn Yankees: \\"There's no exception to the rule, (it's) irresistable you fool - give in\\".<br /><br />Indeed - Give in!
0765342294|5.0|Andrew \\"Ender\\" Wiggin is six years old, a supergenius, and the world's only hope for survival against the ant-like Buggers, an alien race that has attacked Earth twice. When Ender accepts his admission to the famous Battle School, where children build their tactical prowess by participating in military-style games, he immediately demonstrates his superb logical reasoning both in and out of the Battle Room as a soldier and a leader.    But war is no game. Can Ender overcome his deep-seated fear of becoming a violent criminal like his brother and rise up to the impossible challenge of saving humanity?     Ender's Game, the first of a series by Orson Scott Card, is a masterful work of science-fiction, having won (and deserved) both the Hugo and Nebula Awards for its excellent coming-of-age story combined with Card's simple-yet-effective style of writing--a style that the author himself (presumably) explains right here on Amazon. Ender's Game is more about Ender's battle against his own tumultuous emotions in a time of impending war than the war itself, creating an expansive character-based story that'll leave you with a high sense of empathy for Ender and the other brilliantly created characters of this series.     There is one issue with the book that I take with, and that is referring to it as a child's book. The amounts of violence, swearing, politics, underlying philosophy and intense emotional situations make this a book I would wait to give to any children of mine, maybe until they were fifteen, when they could understand and appreciate the material significantly more.  This is a minor complaint, however, and has no real bearing on the content of the book or the story, and so does not affect my rating of the book at all.    I highly recommend Ender's Game to anyone who enjoys science-fiction or has that one friend who needs some conversion to the genre through a very enjoyable experience.
B00151G08Y|4.0|Interesting how many comments here are from people who bought this on the strength of their first album. Most of the negative comments seem to be \\"it's not Drum'n'Bass enough\\".    Well, maybe that's true. But I'm not a genre fanatic purist and God forbid that I ever should be. Drum'n'Bass is fine as far as it goes, but it must get pretty boring playing variations on the same narrow style of music every day. So Pendulum have tried to expand their repertoire and I'm glad they have. They've proved they have a lot more talent waiting to be mined.    And I think for every disgruntled D'n'B purist they lose as a fan, they'll gain a dozen more \\"general music\\" fans with the right exposure. So good for them!    A good album, not great, but good. Should win them a lot of new fans.    And of course... they are absolutely amazing live. I defy anyone, no matter what their taste in music, not to be energized by them.
B001KVZ6F2|4.0|Clint Eastwood's performance is what you'd expect.  We enjoyed the film and it's message even with it's flaws. Eastwood's politically incorrect lines were hilarious at times.  Not many filmmakers would have the nerve to use such bigoted language today.<br /><br />It is definitely better than 90% of the movies recently released on DVD.
B000URDEB0|4.0|Having previously dismissed Nightwish, I was tentative at best when first presented with this recording.  But this is a great leap forward for the band, better than anything they have previously done, more diverse, more passionate, less pompous and more emotional.  My one regret, was that the phenomenal song \\"While your lips are still red\\" was not included on this album, perhaps as an extra track, or on the limited edition.  The best songs for me are \\"The Islander\\", \\"Amaranth\\", \\"Eva\\", \\"Last of the Wilds\\" and \\"Meadows of Heaven\\" (though by popular opinion it would seem that most people have not taken to Meadows of Heaven as I have).  So what makes this album so different?  A number of things.  Firstly, the new singer is excellent, and moves the songs from what would have previously been some kind of quasi-operatic, overblown, self indulgent, prima dona vocal, into the real world, making them accessible, emotional, giving depth of feeling and substance.  Secondly, the melodies are far stronger, the songwriting tighter, and more intense.  Thirdly, the stroke of near genius was to introduce the Celtic like folkish themes and instrumentations, limited though they are, the extra depth this lends the musicianship, is tremendous, just listen to \\"The Islander\\", a brilliant track.  I for one, hope Nightwish continues down this path.
B001F12J0C|5.0|I love Bourne movies. It's thoughtful, intelligent, action packed with smart fighting scenes, best of all, it does not insult the viewers with ridiculous explosions and kills from typical summer blockbuster action flicks. I wanted the trilogy to enjoy at home and did not want to collect individual releases.  Then I found this box-set at a local Target store for $19.99 (June 2009).  It has plenty of bonus materials for replay value, the physical DVD cases are slim and do not take up much room, and the price is great. It's perfect for someone like me who has not upgraded to blu-ray yet nor wish to pay blu-ray price for the trilogy, which is $72.99 at Amazon as of June 2009. I think I'll enjoy my upscaled NTSC DVDs a bit while longer until blu-ray prices drop.
1594481717|5.0|Very interesting and well written book.  Easy to read.  Totally recommend this one!
B001LMO1CE|4.0|[[VIDEOID:35843721]]The Song is Good but I like the Jonas Brothers version better.
0385341008|4.0|What is so cool about this book is it's return to the epistalary form. The story is really ordinary, especially the love story part, but it takes on a wonderful liveliness via the notes and letters through which it is told.<br />This technique allows for the author to develop individuals through their own voices. Each character has a style, a way of writing that reflects their character and personality. The story itself is not new or unique. But the research that went into book grounds the love story nicely.<br />A great summer read.
B000OCXFCO|5.0|This has probably been the best Megadeth album in nearly 20 years.  Amazing.  Let me tell you, if it wasn't for RIP or Peace Sells making fans happy, this would probably be Megadeth's greatest album.
B000E97X66|5.0|As the intro will explain, Bruce's entree to the UK was with high expectation - high pressure.  But Bruce and the E Street Band doing what they do best - entertain - exceeded all expectations in 1975.  It is one of his finest performances - certainly one of the best live performances which Bruce has thus far released.  I have most of the Bruce Live concerts including NYC, Barcelona and Dublin.  This is a necessary edition to that collection.  In fact, when I'm in the mood for Bruce - this is the concert to which I most often watch/listen.    This DVD is included in the 30 year anniversary edition of the \\"Born to Run\\" album and the audio is also available separately as the audio quality and the Band's selection of songs is well worth the price for those road trips where E Street Band accompaniment is required.    Some might suggest that the video (lighting) leaves something to be desired but it was 1975 - it's not dark per se - I would call it more of a mood-setting experience.    I'll save you the play list - but it has most of the classics up to that point in time.    Enjoy !!!
B0019UGYK0|3.0|You got to hand it to a movie that has a cast of actors like Dennis Hopper and Harry Dean Stanton and future TV stars like Wayne (MASH) Rogers and Ralph (The Waltons) Waite in supporting roles that don't even merit feature billing. That's how great this cast is, and Paul Newman leads it with aplomb, his handsome charm a mask for what a fine actor he was. That said, this movie lacks the visual style and sense of bloody menace that other films of this ilk and time (Bonnie and Clyde, Sam Peckinpah's ouevre) were managing to bring to the table. Instead, the film has a brightly-lit look, and the actors have a pretty sweatiness about them that is almost more Calvin Klein ad than gritty prison film. The story is intriguing only in how all the other inmates of the honour farm vest their hopes for salvation from oppression in the vessel of rebellious \\"Cool Hand\\" Luke, a charming non-conformist who, in the film's imagery and a closing, unanswered prayer to god, is almost likened to Jesus. Cool Hand Luke is a fine entertainment but far from a great film.
B00186K7EE|5.0|It is not uncommon for the average American to spend $300 a month on cigarettes that go up in smoke! Michael Jackson is a legend. This is a keepsake that you will cherish and enjoy for a lifetime. Rare items are not cheap. Those that are willing to pay a bit extra for a rarity can appreciate what I am saying. May the one who brought so much entertainment to the world rest in peace.
B000VFGQUC|1.0|I expected a lot from this DVD but what a disappointment, the sound quality is just terrible. Do not waist your money on this DVD like i did.
B001U7FWM8|5.0|I was never really into indie, until I bought this CD. Now, it's my favorite genre and Grizzly bear is my favorite band. This album has so much going for it. From it's strong start (Southern Point) to it's beautiful finish (Foreground). If you don't have a lot of money and can only afford a few CDs a year, make this one of them.
0767903862|5.0|A pretty good read about that country down under. The author takes you on a journey around the continent as well as into its past, and does so with a decent helping of satire and irony. I'm looking forward to reading more of this author's works.
0486274268|5.0|A very skilled artist shares some of his thoughts. A lot of emphasis on usage of anatomy to improve best, and also how to make your drawings more interesting. There is a few sequence drawings, too. One in which a horse jumps and tumble, a deer jumping, a deer walking, etc. Many pictures whowing the bone structure under all the meat. Would've liked the amazing artist to share some more words- but overall a very helpful book! Take notice he focus' mostly on mammals, but the same skills can be applied to other animals.
1440468397|4.0|I liked this book more then i thought i would but its slow for a while, i like it more as a book then i think a movie,I LOVE (Pride and Prejudice) as a movie,better then the book. so all n all a good read!!!!!...;)
B001DSNF8C|5.0|Great job re-inventing Bond. Daniel Craig is awesome as Bond. The script, action sequences, STORY, acting all supurb.
B0009HLD0K|4.0|I saw this at the movie theater when it was issued as well as its and pieces of it on television over the years.  My wife and I both loved it and we bought this DVD in order to be able to share it with our daughter and her family since our local Blockbuster does not carry it.  Enjoy this classy family movie.
0061854549|5.0|Everyone thinks they're different than everyone else, but are they really? This book sheds light on some of inobvious patterns that we all seem to follow in our daily routines. Some of these patterns are good, most are ridiculous, some are even dangerous, and all can be taken advantage of as opportunities to improve.  Thinking out of the box can really make the irritional become quite predictable, and even useful...
B00007KWHG|5.0|We were very delighted with recieving the cd in just a few days. It arrived in great condition as promised. We will definetly use amazon sellers for all our music and movies!! Great service!
B0015HOFZI|4.0|I've been using this player for a couple of months now and have had no major issues.  The player works great.  I installed the software (Sony Sound Forge Audio Studio 9.0) and immediately went to the website and updated to 9.0d just as a precaution.  It's easy to record using the software, but it does a terrible job of trying to find track start/end, so I end up having to do this manually.  Unfortunately, if you have to manually set the tracks, then you have to skip the last step of the Vinyl Recording and Restoration tool (wizard), \\"Save tracks as audio files on your hard drive.\\"  If it would select tracks correctly, then it automatically would create separate wav/mp3 tracks for each song.  However, if you need to adjust the tracks (check box \\"Leave underlying data window open), including adding \\"Regions\\", then you will have to create the individual tracks yourself by copying and pasting into a new data window.  If you do not copy and paste into a new data window, then you're left with one long track consisting of multiple songs.    Just FYI, I recorded several of my grandfather's old 78 RPM gospel records (not vinyl) using the 45 RPM setting.  In Sound Forge, you can change the \\"rate\\" easily by sliding to the right on the data window.  I changed the rate to anywhere between 1.71 and 1.85 and the 78 RPM albums sound correct.  However, you cannot save the track at that rate just by sliding the Rate bar; instead, you have to go to Effects -> Pitch Bend and adjust the \\"semitones\\".  I honestly have no idea how to use it correctly, but I was able to move everything around until the tone sounded OK, and then saved to wav/mp3.
B000J103PC|5.0|Just a great film that communicates the meaning of happiness in a plot about the fashion industry.  Watching the movie, not once did I ever think about fashion, clothing, or designer couture.  What I did feel was the emotion created by scenarios rooted by great situational acting, superb direction, and story coherency.  Like a good book you can't put down, reading the story progressively unfold, reaching a climatic point, and finally a resolute ending, you feel satisfied by the time well spent.  TDWP is one of the better films out there worth watching even if you (like me) aren't particulary fond of the premise or actors.
B000V86OKG|5.0|Dexter is a serial killer who only kills people that need killing.  Child molesters and killers who have gotten off on a technicality are Dexter's targets, so we actually get to forgive him for his crimes. This second season is fantastic and we look more at his sister's character and her relationships.  The best of the entire season is his psycho AA sponsor, Lila.   She is fascinating enough to have her own TV series. Even if you have to fast forward through the blood and guts scenes, this series still has enough good acting and writing to make it worth watching.  [[ASIN:1604941987 Power Path to Love]]
0743270754|5.0|A great biographical history of the man himself! This isn't just a history lesson though, as this book plays out one of the greatest stories of American history and one of the most powerful eras of change in our country, as well as a story of how an unlikely team of political enemies were united toward a common and lofty cause.
0385341008|2.0|Moderately entertaining, but so naive.  I hope no one is so silly as to think the world is really this way.
1581804849|5.0|This book is jam packed with different flowers to paint. The directions are easy to follow. This is a book that should be added to all Donna's collector's.
0920668364|5.0|This book is amazing and I bought in hardbook for my nephew. My grandma always bought this for grandsons and it is a classic! my sons love to sing the \\"chorus\\" from the book. great book!
0316017922|1.0|This is one of the worst books I've read--such a bunch of b.s.  How can this piece of crap still be no. 3 on the New York Times non-fiction best sellers list?    At first, it's a little fascinating to read some sections.  But afterward I just kept thinking, \\"this is such a total bunch of b.s.  This author is full of it.\\"    As pointed out by a lot of other reviewers, this book is filled with errors.  But it also ignores huge exceptions.  For example, Gladwell repeats over and over again the arduousness of rice farming in Southern China (making the Chinese so amazingly smart and industrious).  First, what about all the urban Chinese (including those who work in factories)--most of whom think that rice farmers are stupid and lazy?  Second, what about Thailand, Burma, Cambodia, Philippines, and Indonesia?  If anything, those people (where rice paddy farming is at least as important) should be a lot smarter than any Chinese.    Gladwell's exhilarating little \\"discoveries\\" also ingore more-boring parallel worlds.  The town in the \\"Roseto Mystery\\" can be any ethnic immigrant neighborhood anywhere in America (he says that the Italians who created Roseto Pa. were amazingly healthy because they \\"had created a powerful, protective social structure capable of insulating them from the pressures of the modern world.\\").  What about all the other Little Italies in the U.S.?      The chapter about a few hugely-succesful Jewish New York corporate bankruptcy/mergers/acquisitions lawyers can also apply to children or grandchildren of almost any ethnic group in any other big Eastern or Midwestern city.      This sentence on p. 132 is an example of the sloppiness of the book: \\"[People] born before 1911 . . . graduated from college at the height of the Depression, when job opportunities were scarce, and they were already in their late thirties when the Second World War hit, meaning that when they were drafted, they had to disrupt careers and families and adult lives that were already under way.\\"  What?  First, how many people were drafted in their late 30s (or even early 30s)?  I always thought draft age was a lot younger than that.  Second, factory and skilled workers were NOT drafted (because their skills were needed in production).  These people were in the right places at the right time.  They saved up fortunes in overtime pay (and started businesses that took off because of the war, and after the war).  Men born in the early-1920s were jealous of their older brothers who made good money during the WWII.    Reading this book made me think back about Blink and Tipping Point and wonder if they, too, were just a total bunch of b.s.  The Hush Puppies shoes story in Tipping Point at the time seemed like an exaggerated story by Gladwell (I never remembered any Hush Puppies craze that suddenly took over the country the way Gladwell talks about it).
0316010669|5.0|My waking eyes have been opened to what my subconscious has already seen . . . This book brought to light the fact that our subconscious operates at a much faster speed than our conscious minds and that it's our conscious that often trips us up during problem solving. I think this notion aligns perfectly with suggestions promoted many leaders such as, \\"go with your heart,\\" and \\"trust your instincts.\\"  Overall, I thought is was a great read!
B00006ZCFH|5.0|The quality, price and delivery was excellent I didn't wait long for the product to arrive. It was just as I expected as I am a frequent customer. Will definitely make purchased again.
B001NESPHC|5.0|A lot of performers today have glitz and personalities, huge egos, few have souls or essences. Souls are created mostly out of difficulty and conflict, impossible situations, not ease. So many musicians today can create sound without really having \\"anything to say\\"(vide rap).<br /><br />Standing out of the current flock of jazzy women vocalists is Melody Gardot, with her smallish, smoky voice.  What she does have is the ability to sing directly from her soul, to draw the listener in. Other than her accident (written about elsewhere), I think she must also have been deeply hurt -  it's all there.  She also sings with great happiness from some relationship. True sadness and true happiness are surprising rarities in music, most artists hold back or have so little to offer ...<br />Compared with Norah Jones, Madeleine Peyroux, this album shows us much more. Other jazz divas gave us masterpieces in the past, but newer efforts are disappointing...<br /><br />One song \\"If the Stars were mine\\" I wonder, is this sung to a lover or a child?<br />I love her Bossa Nova \\"Over the Rainbow\\".<br /><br />Music for quiet reflective times. Soulfood.<br />Highly recommended.<br />(I bought this from Barnes and Noble, they had better prices then Amazon)
B000002LR6|3.0|3 1/2    For an early 90's industrial-metal release, Psalm 69 still comes slathered in a surprisingly seductive sheen which belies its  dated and doomed synthesis; still keeping it apart from countless imitators and even emulators.
0321344758|4.0|The title says it all.<br /><br />Read this book before designing your Web site!<br /><br />Steve looks at web page design from the point of view of the consumer. If your pages are easy to use and make sense to the average user, people are likely to stick around. If they do, you are more likely to influence them to buy and recommend you to others. He is interested in lowering your bounce rate and increasing the time people spend on your site.<br /><br />Your site does not have to be the most beautiful, but it has to be easy to navigate and functional. It also has to make sense.  Don't frustrate your customers.<br /><br /> He talks about usability testing as an early practice to find out how your site is coming along. Before investing too much effort creating a site that the development team loves, make sure consumers will love it also and be able to navigate it.<br />He is not interested in SEO per se in his thinking. A search engine will be able to find you and rank you if your pages are well thought out and carry proper labels. In his mind, ranking high in a search is only useful if people actually stick around and use the site for its intended purpose.<br /><br />Steve gives enough information for you to do your own usability testing for very little expense.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book.<br /><br />I also recommend:[[ASIN:0789738317 The Truth About Search Engine Optimization]]<br /><br />Phillip C. Neal DDS<br />[...]<br />[...]
B000005AYM|5.0|I am a fan of Erykah Badu and each time I replace it as it wears. It was available when I needed it, priced just right, and was delivered in a timely fashion. I will definitely continue making purchased from amazon.
142720599X|4.0|This book was funny and entertaining.  Stephanie Plum is always a hoot.  I wish it was longer!
B002BIMNDQ|4.0|A most enjoyable, disturbing review of many classic areas of pseudo-science.    It is clear that many of the stories stem from personal confrontation with several elements of medical-based claims mascarading as science from homeopathy, through fish oil, to the MMR scare. Written in very readable style but with the main evidence presented, he makes a compelling case.     I would have preferred to have seen more of the evidence and statistics, but these are available on various websites he links to. Another mild criticism is that the subjects are by and large health related. I would have preferred a broader selection to fit alongside the title. There are plenty of subjects to choose from: astrology, climate change denial, various religious beliefs, etc. However, many of these subjects have been ably covered by authors such as Carl Sagan, so sticking to areas the author clearly knows well is understandable.
B0010SEMP0|1.0|I actually thought a teenager had written these books because they were so adolescent.  Cat is very childish, bordering on unlikeable which isn't a good idea when you want the audience to root for her.  The sex is graphic and doesn't add to the story much - and, I have to say the 'bottom sex'  not a good idea, this really shows the age of the author cos no woman over 30 pretends that it's fun or turns them on.    Daddy dearest wants to kill her, after reading all the whining, I'm fully on his side. Then we have Tate lusting after her, which gets old really really quickly, but it's dragged on and on - like a child - not attractive.  Not a keeper, not a brilliant book.  This author will amuse teenagers until they come across better authors eg, Kresley Cole - Superb, every book a keeper. Gena Showalter -  very good, JR Ward - very good.
B0013FZI8K|5.0|This is a great version of a great album.  The best part for me is the demos, which in my opinion show what an amazing talent this man was.  If you're a Michael Jackson fan, this is a great version of Thriller to get.
B0017VG69U|5.0|As a fan of the original Star Trek since it first aired, I've always been honest enough with myself to admit that the effects back then were not the greatest. Also, given the fact that Gene Roddenberry had only a shoestring budget, he could never quite realize his dream to perfection.  In spite of that, the stories always carried Star Trek where no science fiction story had gone before.  These new remastered episodes go back and neatly bring the look of the show into the 21st Century of television effects.  I still have my DVD's of the shows as originally aired, but having this is a nice supplement to any Star Trek collection.
B00204AA0O|5.0|Wow, what an amazing album...and what a voice, as beautiful as Sarah McLachlan!  I only turned on to Regina after learning about Jeff Lynne's involvement.  I can't believe I've never come across her music before.  Since getting this album I also picked up her last one. I love all the Jeff Lynne produced songs particularly Blue Lips, Genius Next Door (brilliant song) and Folding Chair.  Other favorites include Eet (should be the next single!!), the Calculation, Laughing With, Human of the Year, One More Time with Feeling, and Man of a Thousand Faces, Two Birds, Dance Anthem...I might as well list every song!  Even the two bonus songs are great -- no, make that terrific.    This album is a fine example of what good music can and should be.  Great vocals, intelligent lyrics and unforgettable hooks / melodies.  I hope she wins some big awards.  P.S. there are some nice pictures of Jeff and Regina on ftmusic.    Enjoy!!
B001PPF11W|5.0|this was my first radiohead cd and it still rocks.  the extra stuff is really cool to.  if you are a fan, then you must get it.  i think it's a bit pricey, so try to find it at a cheaper price when it comes up on amazon.
B00258SS72|3.0|Not a good movie.  Not horrible, but Clint Eastwood plays the same tough-guy character he plays in every movie.  Predictable, unbelievable plot.  I couldn't finish it.
B00006LPER|1.0|This subtitled film portrays the emotional deterioration and sexual perversions of an otherwise gifted and attractive professor of music. Includes scenes of mother-daughter incest, genital self-mutilation, suicide and recurrent sadomasochism.  Despite all of this rarely seen pathology, this is very little excitement or entertainment value inherent in this film.  Needless-to-say,  a bit on the depressing side.
B000WC39YU|5.0|Mad Max is one of my favorite movies, the acting, the plot, the script, the effects for that time were excellent. With no doubt, the movie that inspired this genre, specially for it's low budget.
B000UWO8XS|5.0|Blade: is a good & violent movie, is very hard to find dvd. Thanks a lot to amazon... hopefully it will be on blue ray one of these day.
B00136RT1I|5.0|I was watching tv this afternoon and they were showing footage of an interview with Michael from about 8 years ago-- he's in his hotel, and there are tons of toys and games laying around and at one point the interviewer asks about a scooter sitting in the corner.  Michael says \\"Well, I like to ride it around at night in the hallways\\".  Interviewer: \\"You're joking, right?\\" MJ: \\"No, it's fun for me\\".  Which made me think about the fundamental problem he and many other creative people (especially at the genius level) face: people refuse to take them on their own terms.  Of course its fun to ride a scooter in a hotel hallway!! And who cares if it seems strange-- you'd be doing it too if you had the chance... but instead you're making someone else feel bad about one of the few joys he can indulge in (that is completely harmless, too).  I felt terrible for Michael just thent-- compounded by the fact that here is one moment where we can actually see his adult humanity-- it isn't a sit down interview talking about his family or the moonwalk-- and this interviewer is so blind to the little ray of light shining at that moment that he completely squashes the moment.    Anyway, I suppose that's my tribute to Michael Jackson.  I remember when this album came out, it was all I listened to for a time, and the music videos were a constant source of enjoyment for me.  In fact, the intensity he communicated (through dance and his singing) through this album and those videos was probably a major factor in pushing me to develop myself as a musician.  And what a great album to get started on.  Enjoy, please!
1400063736|2.0|I admittedly read the first segment only, and made the decision to go no further.  Very quickly, I found myself drowned in very dense narrative and dialogue crammed with detail, emotions and personalities.  Yes, this combination is exactly what serious readers long for--but in this case I felt no real connection. A very time consuming and labor intensive reading experience.
143911000X|5.0|Recently got married and I had no idea what to get the groomsman... was introduced to this book and after reading I thought it would be a great laugh with the guys. This book hasn't disappointed, we laughed the nerves away the day of and had a great time referencing the articles in the book. Totally recommend for a good laugh for any occasion.
B001TH16DS|5.0|There have been some really great reviews and I don't have much to add that they haven't already written. I am thoroughly enjoying this edition of ST:TOS Season 1 and I really like the new/updated audio track and the updated graphics. I also like how with the press of a button I can toggle back and forth between the 'original' and 'updated' versions -- mid-show!
B000002I6X|5.0|i really liked this when it came out on vinyl in 1971 and i really like it now.a lot of the backing vocals were almost a mitch miller type with david crosby and nils lofgren.lots of horns and a quick follow up to the first stills solo album.  everyone is talking green products.check out \\"the ecology song\\".i am playing this with my recent purchases of csn \\"demos\\" and \\"just roll tape\\" and like the 70's stripped down less \\"studio trick\\" stuff.
0312360266|4.0|This book was so fun after all the suspenseful, thrill ride books I have been reading. I really enjoyed reading the tale of Zoey and how she becomes a vampyre and all the neat things she gets to experience along with it. It was at times reminiscent of the Harry Potter series while learning about the school and all the cool classes and information there. Zoey is a strong and willful character that any teens can relate to. She tries to do the right thing and not to get anyone into harms way. Which leads to a great lesson on allowing others to help you when you need it and not being to prideful to ask for help.<br />One point of the book I really enjoyed was that it does a wonderful job of mingling the Cherokee beliefs with wicca and ancient pagan beliefs. I know some will shy away from this book due to that but if you are going to read a paranormal novel I believe some of the ideas and beliefs of the ancient religions have t be considered and awed at. There I go with the open-mindedness again.<br /><br />Who would like this: This is a wonderful book for openminded teens or adults over 13. (Some swearing and mild sexual content included)
B001DU8T6I|4.0|Her first effort \\"Don't Forget\\" is fun and engagin romp that shows her skills at songwriting.  Which helps make this album something that isn't heard of everyday.  I found myself enjoying it even though it took a few listens to get into it.  It's worthy of a few listens and shows much promise for a rising music artist on the scene.  Hopefully with her next effort they will let her loose.<br /><br />I feel that while \\"Don't Forget\\" is good there is a spot like \\"Party\\" that's better left off.  It sounds ok and all but it's not really one of the best or strongest songs on the cd.  I enjoyed \\"Don't Forget\\" and \\"La La Land\\" to name a couple songs.<br /><br />This is a nice debut for Demi Lovato and just might check her out in the future.
073510073X|4.0|Going through my entire life as an HSP without ever hearing of \\"any such thing,\\" you can imagine how good it felt to have a name for what I was experiencing and to discover a book that was, in effect, written about me and how I am \\"wired.\\"<br /><br />I was especially struck by the HSP Self Test toward the beginning of the book, a series of 23 true/false questions, of which I scored 21 (a score of \\"12 or more\\" means you are probably an HSP). I felt thrilled and validated to see, in writing, some of the test questions describe traits I had which I felt so alone in having - particularly startling easily, sensitivity to sounds and lights, arranging your life to avoid unpleasant or overwhelming situations, and avoiding violent movies and TV shows like the plague (even the news). I mean, we are talking I had tape over the tiniest lights of the TV and DVD player in my bedroom so I could sleep, years before discovering what HSP was.<br /><br />I admittedly have not read the entire book cover to cover, and the reason I did not give it 5 stars was because I found the writing style to be (at times) a bit dry, formal and unengaging. Even so, this is a valuable book for those of us who are so highly sensitive trying to live in what seems to be a world of insensitivity.<br /><br />If you are an HSP, my advice is to learn as much as you can about your trait - how to protect yourself and honor your sensitivity - without getting into a victim mindset over it. I enjoyed Aron's book enough to recommend it in my own book, \\"The Collective Awakening\\" (just published 5/25/09), which may appeal to HSPs whose struggles with sensitivity and even physical illness have driven them down a path of spiritual awareness and deep personal inquiry. Sincerely, Kathleen M. Diehl [[ASIN:0982412304 The Collective Awakening: Messages Along the Path of Awareness]]
B001GCUNYO|5.0|I loved this movie, from start to finish.  First of all, Liam Neeson does an amazing job, as a sort of obsessive-compulsive John McClain type anti-hero.  His concern about his daughter's trip to Europe turns out to be correct when she is kidnapped, and he spends most of the movie doing whatever it takes to rescue her.  The rage and violence that Neeson shows is credible in light of the brutal kidnapping of his daughter, allowing him to be more complex than the heroes in many action thrillers. The action is non-stop and includes some great sequences.  The subplot involving police corruption adds to the story instead of bogging things down, and emphasizes that Neeson is on his own with his rescue mission.      The Blu-Ray has excellent image quality and audio, with a decent if not huge array of extras.  If you like action movies, this is a definite must-see.
B0020MKTOS|5.0|WHAT A GREAT MOVIE. CLINT EASTWOOD IS AWESOME. THERE IS NEVER A DULL MOMENT. I HAVE BOUGHT THIS MOVIE FOR 4 OTHER FAMILY MEMBERS ALREADY. YOU WONT REGRET WATCHING \\" GRAN TORINO \\". ONE OF THE BEST FILMS I HAVE SEEN IN YEARS ! IT SHOULD HAVE ONE \\"BEST PICTURE \\"
B001CDLATE|5.0|The picture quality on this blu-ray is unbelievable. When my wife and I have guest come over for the first time, we pop this in to show off our big screen hdtv. Apart from all the pretty scenery, the film opens your eyes to Earth as a whole.
0307266303|3.0|I really enjoyed the first half as I found myself sharing stories from the book to others on my runs and around the water and gatorade cooler.  I went out and purchased Chia seeds and I now try to run a couple miles a week barefoot.  But the second half of the book, several of the chapters just didn't keep my interest.  With all these interesting and crazy characters being introduced, I had wished there were photos of these people and the places as another way to document the great story he was telling. Overall, I enjoyed the book, but I hit \\"The Wall\\" sometime after the half way mark and I just wasn't as excited as I was at the beginning.
0061706620|3.0|If you're a casual fan of Supernatural, if you, say, watch it when it airs once a week and maybe have the DVDs, but have only watched them once or twice - this is a good book for you.  It's entertaining, it has some good back-story moments, and it's well written.    If, however, you're a Supernatural-fanatic and have watched the DVDs more times then you can count, read fanfic and the tie-in novels, and were uber-excited to hear about this release because you'd get to read what Dean and Sam have read on the show?  You're not going to like it.  I knew that within the first two pages - there's just too many inconsistencies.  Others have listed them in detail, so I'll just name the first one: Missouri.      It starts off exactly like Dean said it did in \\"Home\\": \\"I went to Missouri and I learned the truth.\\"  However, if the author had continued *watching* \\"Home\\" he'd know that Dean's next statement was, \\"I always thought he meant the state.\\"  He never knew Missouri was a person.  John, however, goes into detail in his journal about their conversation, making it very clear that Missouri's a psychic.      Like I said, though, if you're a casual viewer and don't mind some inconsistencies, you'll probably enjoy this.  But don't think you're going to be reading something you can imagine as the *actual* journal of John Winchester - it's not even close.
0439023483|5.0|I've heard nothing but wonderful things about this book, but I didn't think I would like it: dystopian future + teenagers killing each other + blood + gore + TV =no book I want to read.<br /><br />I was so wrong.<br /><br />I thoroughly enjoyed The Hunger Games; there really is more to it than death and survival. Parts of the novel are surprisingly funny, and there's even an unexpected romance! I was glued to the plot, and I loved getting to know the characters as well as one can become acquainted with people who are fighting for their lives. Katniss's first person POV is intensely believable-what she chooses to tell and how she tells it are in perfect sync.<br /><br />This book is also one that stayed with me; I finished it last week and I've been thinking about it ever since. In the world of The Hunger Games, death is televised entertainment, and the whole set-up is disconcertingly similar to current reality TV shows--it's an odd mix of Big Brother and the Olympics with the exception of people murdering each other. One person's misfortunes are the entertainment of millions. Moreover, many readers have trouble swallowing the cruelty of \\"The Hunger Games\\"-how could people allow this to happen? I struggled with this as well, but I kept reminding myself that people have allowed their governments to carry out all kinds of atrocities throughout history.<br /><br />This book certainly leaves one with much to think about.<br /><br />...and I can hardly wait for [[ASIN:0439023491 Catching Fire (The Second Book of the Hunger Games)]]!
B00006LSM3|4.0|Just what I'd expect from George. Great lyrics and music, but could have used George Martin's help with production.
B000G8NXYQ|5.0|A great classic movie that I had to buy as I loved it so much.This Criterion collection is great because apart from being a very good copy of the movie,it comes with a story book and lovely packaging.
B0026J8LHM|5.0|Many felt that Systematic Chaos (Dream Theater's Roadrunner Records debut) was more of a safe album. For what it was, it was a Dream Theater record through and through. While it was more straightforward with nothing too groundbreaking, it was a great album that was worthy of being a debut on Roadrunner. On Black Clouds & Silver Linings, nothing is played safe. The album contains six tracks that clock in at 75 minutes and 25 seconds. The first track: the 16 minute \\"A Nightmare To Remember\\" is a never-ending sprawl down Memory Lane about a car accident John Petrucci was in as a child. \\"A Rite Of Passage\\" is the first single about Freemasonry. \\"Wither\\" was written about John Petrucci's experience with writer's block. \\"The Shattered Fortress\\" is the conclusion to the Twelve-step Suite (aka Alcoholics Anonymous Suite). Anybody that has listened to the previous songs from the suite will be very familiar with the sounds from this track as it revisits them by including many sections including riffs and lyrics. Those are the best tracks in my opinion, but please note that you must listen to it from start to finish. The album is about as dark as Train Of Thought and Awake, and has the heaviness of The Glass Prison with the production quality of Systematic Chaos. While it has three heavy numbers, the other half of the album is beautifully melodic. Some that didn't care for Train Of Thought probably won't care much for this either, while a fan that likes everything the band has done should consider picking this up.
0060922583|5.0|This book will make you jaw drop and eyebrows skyrocket... It connects the dots and asks the right questions. An intriguing  mixture of philosophy, religion and science that will knock your socks off. Recommended!
B001PPGAIA|5.0|What more can you ask for - Beautiful Australia, Gorgeous Hugh Jackman, and a exceptional story (actually 3 stories intertwined).  Well done.
B001GM28HO|4.0|I was annoyed by the Lady Gaga hype, but hearing some of the songs here and there, it kind of grew on me. I finally just broke down and bought it after listening on Amazon and I really like the album. It's a good dance record, with some good grinding beats, with a hint of funk, electronica, techno and it sounds like it has a few little elements from the early 1980s. Her voice isn't too bad, whether it's heavily tweaked or not I won't go into, but I like to put this on and dance around or work out to it. It's fun club music, though I admit some of the lyrics are pretty silly. Disco stick? Kind of corny and juvenile to say the least. But you can really dance to it, and that's all I wanted.
0810970686|5.0|My kids laughed and chuckled all the way through this story.  Writen from a perspective of a child, it is full of great adventures and funny jokes.  It will entertain the fussiest of readers and bring lots of funny conversation as they try to share.
0385340990|5.0|Telling a story solely through letters is a bit cute, but it's a great story.  While the primary material, the Nazi occupation of Guernsey, is very dark, there are bright spots in the tale as we read about the heroism of ordinary folks.
1400063736|5.0|LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN begins in New York City with the thoughts and observations of the spectators of Phillipe Petit as he sets out to walk the tightrope between the Twin Towers in 1974. One bright morning, those in the courtyard see a man heading toward the edge of the Tower, a quarter of a mile high in the sky, not knowing why he is up there or if he will fall. Some are thrilled by the danger of it, while others are scared for him. They still don't know that he's a tightrope walker. Then they see the metal bar that he carries, and he ventures out. We begin with many stories of New Yorkers --- each one told through their own eyes --- that will intersect with the events of the day.    There are a number of different people who will form this picture of New York City --- rich and poor, old and young, with many ethnic backgrounds. There is a priest and his older brother, immigrants from Ireland. The priest has an affinity for the underprivileged and the \\"low-lifes\\" of the world. His brother comes to visit him in New York and finds him immersed in the projects, helping when he can. There is a group of prostitutes in the projects who know the priest, including a mother-daughter team. There are the elderly folks of a nursing home where the priest works as a van driver, and a young immigrant from Guatemala who also works there. There is an artist couple who has become preoccupied with the night life of New York; strung out and wasting away on drugs, they attempt to recreate a more simple life by \\"getting back to the past.\\" There is a group of grieving mothers who have lost their sons to war and are trying to find composure and friendship. There are the sons who have been lost and will never return. There is a judge who sentences the \\"low-lifes\\" and decides the destiny of many. And there are the spectators, the tightrope walker, and others.    Colum McCann creates a picture of many things --- of depravity versus triumph, of people divided but still one. It can be seen as a picture of the heart of New York City, or of America, or of the human condition. The view is both heartbreaking and inspired. We are reminded that we all share ties of suffering and loneliness, yet, through the artistry of the tightrope walker, people are also capable of great feats and will always keep going. This book is infused with artistry and has a certain touch of destiny to it, not in an idealistic sense where everything is predetermined to work out, but in the sense that we are all connected to each other and to a greater whole. The style of the writing is poetic at times, yet adaptable to the perspective being told. The result is a powerful form of realism that will leave you stunned.    There is deep symbolism in LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN for the future of the Twin Towers. McCann never needs to bring attention to the significance of this because readers already know it; it's ever-present. There is a photo of the Towers in 1974 with a plane flying by that reminds you, without a single word, of what will happen. The symbolism of the tightrope walker's triumph weaves itself seamlessly into the fate of the Towers until this too becomes part of the meaning of the book. We remember that monuments are not always meant to last but that they still attest to our determination as a people to keep going, just as Phillipe Petit did years ago.    After reading LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN, I could only think to myself Wow! Incredible. It's a rare kind of writer who can weave such a complicated picture together and have it make perfect sense, and with subtlety and vitality. This is powerful literature that will leave you feeling thunderstruck with the finale. A definite must-read.        --- Reviewed by Melanie Smith
B000EQHHJW|3.0|The performance of the singers and the orchestra on this DVD is quite satisfactory.  The pretension of the film maker takes this down sevral notches.  For example, one cannot enjoy the overture for the symbolism imposed from the end of the drama.  This pretentious flashback is quite distracting.  Similar criticisms hold for characterization throughout.
0143038419|4.0|I was recommended this book by a friend and I read it during a period of uncertainty in my life. Although I generally mistrust traveling as a means to search calm and serenity, I was really inspired by the book. Gilbert's experience and also the way she shares it with the reader is direct, honest, human and entertaining. I enjoyed every page of it and I have subsequently recommended to a few good friends.
B00002ND77|2.0|OVER ALL....THE MOVIE WAS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT AFTER READING THE GREAT BOOK(AUTOBIOGRAPHY  OF MALCOM X BY ALEX HALEY). THE MOVIE HAD SOME GREAT ACTORS LIKE DENZEL WASHINGTON AND YET, IT WAS STILL VERY DULL. \\"DIRECTOR\\" SPIKE LEE RUINED A GREAT CHANCE AT TELLING THE AMAZING STORY OF MALCOM X.    SPIKE LEE IS A HORRIBLE ACTOR AND DIRECTOR. SPIKE LEE IS A NERDY/GEEKY LOOKING FELLOW WHO SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN IN THE MOVIE HE DID NOT MAKE A BELIEVBLE ROLE MODEL FOR MALCOM X/DENZEL WASHINGTON.     HE ALSO MESSED UP SOME VERY IMPORTANT MOMENTS THAT WERE DISCRIBED IN THE BOOK. (FOR EXAMPLE: ONE OF THE MOST INTENSE MOMENTS IN THE BOOK BY ALEX HALEY WAS WHEN MALCOM X PULLS THE TRIGGER AND POINTS IT ON HIS HEAD, THE MOVIE MADE THAT MOMENT WEAK BY ALLOWING YOU TO FIND OUT THAT THERE WAS NO BULLET IN THE GUN RIGHT AFTER THE SCENE.     THE SAYING \\"A PICTURE IS WORTH A THOUSAND WORDS\\" DOES NOT APPLY TO SPIKE LEE'S HORRIBLE INTERPRETATION OF MALCOM X.   IN SHORT THIS MOVIE SUCKS AND DOES NOT DESERVE TO BE MENTIONED INT HE SAME SENTENCE AS THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF MALCOM X BY ALEX HALEY.
0385338694|5.0|I became Ms. Kinsella's fan after I read \\"Can you keep a secret?\\".  Her style and the way constructs the story was just amazingly good and it was truly a fun read.  This one, of course, was brilliant and did not disappoint me at all. This book was, like her other books, very easy to read and DID have a nice flow. It took me a week to finish this one, on a train on my way back from work.  Additionally, one of those street names (Cheapside)in the book reminded me of my old days in London, and made me smile :)  This is Ms. Kinsella's another great book and I highly, HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone (well who especially likes chick lit).
B000MNP2KI|5.0|Quite different from the James Bond we're used to who's always so suave and debonaire, but this was the beginning.  I like the rougher, grittier Bond played by Daniel Craig.  He illustrates some of the real dirt going on in the spy game.  This will be one of my favorite 007 movies.
1400032717|5.0|This was a good story. I never knew what was going to happen to Christopher next, especially when he was on his way to London.<br />Very well written.
B000L3CHC0|5.0|In my last trip to Switzerland I met this watch and fell in love with it (actually I fell in love, initially, with a Tag Heuer Link but there is no way for me paying the price it costs). I spent my entire trip drool over it in the stores but the price was a little bit over (475 Swiss francs) and I knew I could get a better price in Amazon. When I came back from my trip I found this piece by 300 bucks in Amazon. It was still a little bit over my regular budget for watches but I was in love with it. So I purchased it and no regrets so far. The piece is beautiful (I loved the yellow hands, but my wife not so much.) and robust. Its glass seems to be impossible to scratch. It was an excellent purchase until I got money for a Tag :-).
0804836272|3.0|If you don't speak Japanese, Mr. Hillsborough's books are pretty much your only source for information on the people and personalities of the Meiji Restoration.  (Kenshin, Peacemaker, and Gintama can only get you so far!)  If you are interested in Japanese history--or the pop culture surrounding the Shinsengumi et. al.--these books are definitely worth a read.  But be warned that the writing is just this side of awful...there is more cliche, hyperbole, and terrible dialogue than you can shake a bokken at.
B002436WJE|5.0|This movie is very realistic and truer than people believe.  Liam Neeson is excellent.
B0019HQIGS|5.0|No Matter how many times you pop this into your dvd player, you remain in a constant trance for its entire duration, just WAITING for john to play a note that is even slightly unsatisfying or to sing a note just slightly out of key, or to say something slightly foolish or lacking in wit between songs. Sorry, it just DOES NOT HAPPEN. But you still wait, everytime. Because it's hard to believe any musician can perform so flawlessly, especially when he is far from duplicating the recordings of the songs.<br /><br />I Own many great live dvd's including Arriving somewhere (porcupine tree) and The song remains the same (Led Zeppelin) and none of them capture the magic of a show like this. So many great camera angles and the video quality is crystal Clear. It is like hovering around the stage attached to a wire hanging from the ceiling, right infront of john and the bands. No other artist has the same ability to singlehandedly forge incredibly original variations of his/ her own songs that are more captivating than the originals.<br /><br />Like i said, buy this dvd and try to catch john performing to any other level but flawless.<br /><br />Standout tracks are -<br /><br />Neon<br />Free Falling<br />Good Love is on the way<br />The heart of life<br />I Don't Need no doctor<br />Gravity<br />belief
0312330537|5.0|I read this book awhile ago and it's still in my mind. When I got to the last 100 pages I stopped reading because I realized that when I finished these characters would be gone and I would miss them. I decided to read it again now and I never read a book twice. I love the way the book is written and just everything about it. I guess it's my favorite book.
B0009P42VE|5.0|There's a reason that this movie is legend: it's an outstandingly creative endeavor rendered in spare, clean segments.  The humour is rich and the acting superb.  View it: you won't be disappointed!
0525421033|4.0|Seventeen year old Mia has choices to make. Go to Julliard to continue her music career or stay in Oregon with her boyfriend. When Mia's family takes a drive one icy day to he grandparent's house, everything Mia has ever wished or dreamed for is slipping away. Now there's only choice left: to stay or go?<br /><br />This book was very touching and sad, but I liked reading Mia's story nonetheless. It made me teary just to imagine what it would be like to see my parents dead or even be in a accident period. At first I didn't really like the idea of Mia being in an \\"out of body experience\\" so to speak, but then again what really happens when you are in a coma? Most of the book switched back and forth between present time and Mia thinking back about all the things leading up to this event.<br />If I Stay placed you in Mia's shoes and made you think about what your family and friends would be doing if you had only one choice. Mia's character was carefully written, but she sometimes seemed more mature than her parents which was kinda odd for me. (It has to be all that classical music.)<br />Overall If I Stay was a heartfelt story of love, choices, and above all, family.<br /><br />Gayle Forman is the author [[ASIN:0060887494 Sisters in Sanity]]and [[ASIN:1594865515 You Can't Get There from Here: A Year on the Fringes of a Shrinking World]]. [....]
0385335997|5.0|I truly did not want to read this series of books.  I had just finished everything Sharon Kay Penman wrote, and was looking for something else to read.  Outlander was highly recommended by a lot of Penman's fans, but a woman traveling back in time?  Anyway, I thought what the heck and bought it.  I LOVED IT.  I am completely hooked, and bought the whole series, except for Drums of Autumn, and went out of my mind trying to order it ASAP.  Just got that one yesterday, and already 300 pages read.  When this series is over, I'm going to miss it like I did Jane Austen, Penman, Bronte sisters, Francis Burney, and on and on.  Where is my Jaime?  Why isn't my husband like him,,,,LOL.
B001P9KR8U|1.0|CD is in very poor condition. Makes so much noise, you cannot hear the movie. Sounds like someone might have tried to record over it.
0385335989|5.0|I just got this book yesterday, and am already 300 pages in.  From Outlander to this, the 4th in series.  LOVE IT.  I don't know what to read after these.
B000IONJJ2|5.0|One of the funniest movies ever made, and a must-have for any fan of Cleese, Palin, Curtis, or Kline.  How many comedies do you know that win the best-actor Oscar?
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|What a wonderful movie!  Saw it on TV between lots of commercials and just had to have it so I could watch uninterrupted.  Flows much better that way; and the music is a standout.
B001PPLIEG|4.0|Among all the argument of the \\"best Bond\\" actors, Daniel Craig brings a grittiness that harkens back to Sean Connery's original portrayal.  QOS picks up where Casino Royale leaves off, and while CR is among the very best of the 20+ Bond movies for action and plot depth, QOS begins just as strong but fizzles at the end.  This is still a great action movie, if you can suffer through the final 15 minutes, and a good addition to the Bond series.  The supporting cast is outstanding - Casting Judy Dench as M a few movies ago was a stroke of genius, and she continues to expand the role beyond any predecessor.  The remaining cast of repeat and fly-by characters are well-cast and well-acted.  The opening chase scenes are not to be missed.  It's just unfortunate that the final scenes are filmed in a soundstage-turned amusement park ride that is a little too much in the vein of a debacle like Moonraker (which is the very worst Bond movie in the entire series).
031606792X|1.0|Some of the other reviewers said it better, but I will try to keep it short and sweet. I was bored to death by this book.  Not only that, it seems ridiculous that Bella gets everything in the end and doesn't really have the consequences that were set up in books 1, 2 and 3 of the series. I really enjoyed Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse.  I was immensely disappointed in Breaking Dawn. I am an Edward fan, but I would have rather seen her end up with Jacob in the end than the way this book turned out!
B00127RAJY|4.0|I bought this video after reading reviews, since I wanted something to help me drop my baby weight, quickly and at home.  The only thing I needed besides the video was carpet/rug and a set of light weights.  I felt like I was in pretty good shape, even though wanting to tone up, prior to the video, but it was an extreme work out.  I would not recommend this video as a starter for people making the decision to work on their weight being overweight, as it is very intense, even at level 1.  The actual time you commit each day is 28 minutes, not 20 as expected - you have 4 minutes of warm up and cool down, with 20 minutes of intense work out.  All in all, I love the video, and can put it in anytime to get in a quick work out.
0762434279|1.0|This book is about 2\\" x 2\\" square and about 20 pages long. I saw nothing that said the book was like that, had I known I would not have purchased it.
B00005CDNK|4.0|Never meant as a swan song it ended up being, \\"The Visitors\\" found ABBA on the downturn of popularity (although \\"One Of Us\\" led the pop chart over Christmas 1981 in Germany), but at the top of creativity.    Make no mistake - \\"Arrival\\" may be their best, \\"Super Trouper\\" their most accomplished and \\"The Album\\" their most popular and critically acclaimed, but this album is their most beautiful. Gone is the fun ABBA of old that used to put off some and you may be disappointed failing to find any \\"Mamma Mia's\\" here, but what's left is the pure pop music with excellent melodies and bitersweet lyrics.    Track for track it's full of highlights - from the daring title track to perfectly off-beat \\"Head over Heels\\", nostalgic \\"When All Is Said And Done\\", through The-name-of-the-game-similar \\"Soldiers\\", showpiece-like \\"I Let The Music Speak\\" to \\"Sleeping Through My Fingers\\" and four excellent bonus tracks - including \\"Chiquitita\\"-similar \\"Cassandra\\" and \\"The Day Before You Came\\".    With a bit of hyperbole, this is an ABBA album for those who don't like ABBA. They may be surprised at how good this is. Very accessible, it however does not even resemble any other pop music act - it's just ABBA.
B001GZ6QEC|4.0|some scenes were deleted from this blu-ray, otherwise it should be rated as the top show for the year 2009.
B00006FDCD|4.0|This is an older movie, and i can imagine what they could do with special effects now.  Even tho it is still creepy and another King hit!    The acting is a little lame, which is why it doesn't get five stars.  it is sure to keep your attention tho.
B001U0HBQ0|4.0|Somehow, the english version did not work in my 1:5 dolby surround mode. I have to switch over to the french version. It would be perfect if not due to this blemmish
B001PPLJIQ|4.0|This wasn't really on my radar, until I started reading good reviews of it, and that, plus the fact of Kate Winslet, one of the few women I would unquestionably go straight for, conspired to send me off to the multiplex, where everyone else was billing and cooing over Marley & Me.<br /><br />We have a brief snippet with Ralph Fiennes as this fellow Michael as an adult, then flash back to 1958 Germany, where he suddenly becomes sick in a street. Gruff woman Hanna, Winslet completely convincing as a German woman, comes and helps him and takes him home. Turns out he has scarlet fever, and is laid up in bed for three months. When he's better, he returns to her apartment to thank her. He visits again, and eventually the 16-year-old boy and the woman in her thirties are in a sexual relationship.<br /><br />She provides his sexual education, and soon she asks him to bring things and read them to her. They spend many nice hours with him reading to her before or after sex. Michael grows to love her and is thrilled to have such an exciting secret, but soon he finds that it interferes with him having normal friendships and girlfriends with people his own age, since he is always running off after school to be with Hanna.<br /><br />Eventually the affair abruptly ends. Years pass, and Michael goes to law school. The class goes into the city to watch a war crimes trial as a lesson, and Michael is surprised to see Hanna there--on trial. She joined the SS after their affair, as a nurse, and was in particular partially responsible for the burning deaths of a number of prisoners. Michael is very upset at the entire thing, but can't really confide to his fellow students, and by this time has started to notice that he has trouble forming deep relationships anyway.<br /><br />SPOILERS > > ><br />Okay, serious spoilers, I'm not kidding! This section is better for people who have seen the movie. Michael tells his teacher that he has information that could affect the outcome of the trial... but he eventually declines to give it. Hanna is asked to provide a handwriting sample to prove that she wrote a statement about the atrocity. Rather than submit, she admits to the crime, and thus receives a far worse sentence than the others. The reason for both Michael and Hanna's actions? Hanna can neither read nor write. Therefore Michael could have had her exonerated, or at least significantly reduced her sentence, but he chose not to. She, too, could have exonerated herself, but she chose not to admit that she is unable to read. The film continues and throws out a few more moral complications, but I think this is the crux. &lt; &lt; &lt; SPOILERS END<br /><br />It strikes me as being about guilt and complicity. Michael has his chance to help Hanna, but now he has seen that his affair perhaps wasn't the best thing for him in the long run, and left him with several emotional issues. So he takes his revenge--by refusing to help her, and helping her in only very small, grudging ways later--and ways that could be considered as making her a sort of prisoner to him or someone deeply in his debt and control. Hanna seems for long periods to have no moral sense--and to harshly dismiss anyone who makes claims to one--but there's an element of her self-punishment that goes beyond superficial shame to a feeling of deeper guilt, almost as though, through whatever formed her, she believes herself to be evil and deserving of punishment.<br /><br />So it all turns into a very literary moral lesson on guilt and levels of complicity. One of those things that chooses a subject and examines it from all sides, providing several different examples and aspects toward creating a detailed whole picture. In this way it's a very literary film, as it's about different aspects and shades of a concept, rather than an accumulation of events that eventually impart a lesson or provide an insight.<br /><br />All the performances are very good. As I said, Winslet is completely convincing as a gruff German woman, and the role requires her to age to about seventy. She also makes a convincing old woman, although my only complaint is that, as an elderly woman, she still moves just as fast as her younger self. David Kross as young Michael conveys the innocent excitement and sense of specialness of being in this unconventional affair, and of course Ralph Fiennes is perfect as always. The direction [by Billy Eliot and The Hours director Stephen Daldry] is effective if undistinguished, using short little shots at times to express a character's troubled mind, without having to create another scene just to show it.<br /><br />Overall, an engaging film with great performances that offers a lot to think about more than anything. An examination of the various aspects and shades of guilt and complicity as it relates to a certain interrelated circles of moral quandary. A thoughtful little movie you won't regret seeing.ty. She also makes a convincing old woman, although my only complaint is that, as an elderly woman, she still moves just as fast as her younger self. David Kross as young Michael conveys the innocent excitement and sense of specialness of being in this unconventional affair, and of course Ralph Fiennes is perfect as always. The direction [by Billy Eliot and The Hours director Stephen Daldry] is effective if undistinguished, using short little shots at times to express a character's troubled mind, without having to create another scene just to show it.     Overall, an engaging film with great performances that offers a lot to think about more than anything. An examination of the various aspects and shades of guilt and complicity as it relates to a certain interrelated circles of moral quandary. A thoughtful little movie you won't regret seeing.
B0000041JU|5.0|This recording permitted me to listen in on Modest's visions of his friend's paintings and to ubderstand  how Rimsky Korsikoff and others turned them into an orchestral triumph.
0618918248|4.0|Richard Dawkins is clearly a non-believer, but not a zealot who just says so and expects to be taken at his word.  \\"The God Delusion\\" displays impressive breadth and depth of scholarship on his part, which enables him to reveal continually and persuasively the Swiss-cheese nature of scripture, its huge historical gaps and outright contradictions--and he does so in a witty and reader-friendly style.
B001TK3XO0|5.0|The book was in excellent condition and arrived on time to the correct address (even though I was in-between moves).
B000VBJEEG|4.0|Ratatouille, the second Pixar movie to be directed by Brad Bird, is some serious gourmet ______.  Allow me to go into reviewing this fine movie without having to resort to a cheesy intro filled with terrible puns related to food (nice cliched intro, eh?).<br /><br />Ratatouille's message is pretty simple, but like other Pixar works, they never turn into a preach-fest (which is something all movies should never do), serving up a mix of humor, some action, and people actually doing interesting things instead of just sitting around and talking.  Few things are more entertaining in the Pixar canon than watching a rat (which is somehow cute, but that's because animals are naturally cuter than humans because they are the ______) cook gourmet soup.  However,<br />Pixar is not often known for elaborate witty humor, as some of the slapstick in this movie is not my type of humor (yeah, my humor includes movies like Pulp Fiction and Dead Alive).  Thankfully, there is not a lot of childish slapstick, and even some of the slapstick scenes are kind of funny. And there is some sharp dialogue thrown in there (\\"Now shut up and eat your garbage\\".  \\"Don't be so modest your a rat for pete's sake\\" etc)I do however, think the Collete and Linguini relationship was just thrown in there to make the movie seem more intimate, but that is pretty much kept to a minimum.<br /><br />Of course, Pixar also is able to create a cast of characters that makes the entertaining parts actually entertaining, and characters you actually give a damn about.  The rat colony and family, the short, leering antagonist, and a colorful set of kitchen cooks (with one that has done time, no less)  And of course, an animated rat is proved to be likeable.  My favorite character is Anton Ego, the powerful food critic (actually pretty dead on description of critics) whom everyone fears, a leering intimidating man, but ultimately a bit good natured and actually humane (and no, he is NOT evil.  Watch the flashback you idiots).<br /><br />As usual, the animation is top notch.  Thanks to the flawless animation and an imagination, Pixar was able to recreate a fantasty version of Paris, somewhat romanticized, but brilliant nonetheless.  Remy's overhead look of Paris is dazzling, as well as the lush, homey country at the beggining of the movie.  Furthermore, it's got enough variety into the imagined version of Paris that's it's extremely believable and not just some choked up romantic version of Paris that exists in everyone dreams (which is somewhat true, but Paris obviously has plenty of bad areas with an abscence of lights).  There's plenty of grit and grime of a real city, which is pleasing to know so, and feels very Paris in the grit and grime way.  Also worth noting is the challenged they overcame by making the actual computer generated food look somewhat delicious, and it kind of does.  Everything else is wonderfully detailed as usual, from the water, rain, to the fantastically designed interiors (!).<br /><br />Voice casting?  Ratatouille doesn't have as many big names as Cars did (the number of special people on that movie were insane!), but I'm not quite sure if Peter O' Toole's voice isn't smaller than any of them.  Come on, this was the guy that was in Lawrence of Arabia and Caligula (Yeah, why the ________ am I namedropping a pornographic movie in a review for a family film) But O' Toole or not, the other cast memembers are no slouches either.  Other big names in the adult movie world include Ian Holm, who was in Alien and Brazil, as well as Lord of the Rings.<br /><br />Is Ratatouille the best Pixar movie?  No, but it's definitely up there.  And to think that a movie studio that made such a milestone like Toy Story is still releasing movies that are still pushing the envelope in what they are doing with computer animation and storytelling (maybe not storytelling since not every plot they do is that interesting to me, such as WALL-E).<br /><br />Oh, and one other thing.  Isn't the comparison to food and music absolutely dead on?  Whoa!<br /><br />B+ead on?  Whoa!    B+
B001TH16DI|4.0|I've been a huge fan of the Star Trek series from the beginning to current. I'm glad to get the Blu-Ray versions of the first series of movies. My favorites are Wrath of Khan and Undiscovered Country.  The movies look really good in HD although only WoK has been restored the rest were digitally remastered. Its kind of a bummer because you spend top dollar for Blu-Ray and your kinda getting ripped off, That's why I gave it 4 stars. They are great movies and do look better then the DVD versions but technically only one has been restored for true HD.
B000OCXMAE|5.0|Here's the thing it seems that many people out there are afraid of change and don't adapt well to it... But if you listen to this album of \\"A NEW RECORD\\" in which it is... It is absolutely awesome... If you want a band to stay the same your going to get garbage like Hatebreed and any of that Hardcore crap... Linkin park as well as metallica, Atreyu, Korn and many others are musical geniuses that aren't afraid and frankly to be honest don't give a ratsass what people think there in it for them and Making substantial music... If you want high quality music straight to the core buy it, you'll be 100% satisfied \.
B000002C2E|5.0|The first paragraph of this review has been used to review other later Bob Dylan CDs.</strong>    Okay, okay I have gone on and one over the past year or so about the influence of Bob Dylan's music (and lyrics) on me, and on my generation, the Generation of '68. But, please, don't blame me. Blame Bob. After all he could very easily have gone into retirement and enjoyed the fallout from his youthful fame and impressed one and all at his local AARP chapter. But, no, he had to go out on the road continuously, seemingly forever, keeping his name and music front and center. Moreover, the son of a gun has done more reinventions of himself than one could shake a stick at (folk troubadour, symbolic poet in the manner of Rimbaud and Verlaine, heavy metal rocker, blues man, etc.) So, WE are left with forty or so years of work to go through to try to sort it out. In short, can I (or anyone else) help it if he is restless and acts, well, ....like a rolling stone?    All of this is by way of introduction to the latest group of CDs from the vaults of one Bob Dylan's vast repertoire of musical interests. I note that there is a touch of going back, way back, and a life times' summing up driving the music. I also note the increased emphasis on the music that influenced him early on in his rise to fame and many tips of the hat to the so-called American Songbook that he seemingly knows by heart. While we are all familiar with the various periodizations of the Dylan musical trajectory- folk troubadour a la Woody Guthrie, hard rockster, semi-Christian evangelical, old vaudeville showman and sentimental (for him) songster it is good to see him return ever more to his beginnings. \\"Bringing It All Back Home\\", \\"Blonde On Blonde\\" and \\"Blood On The Tracks\\" will probably be his monuments in the folk/rock/pop pantheons but some of the late work, especially some of the covers of the early blues men like Skip James and Blind Willie McTell will endure as well.    Stick outs here include; \\"Love Sick', a pathos-filled (excuse the expression) homage to a life time of 'gone wrong' love; the ode to aging children \\"Trying To Get To Heaven\\": and, the \\"Desolation Row\\" long, highly poetic \\"Highlands\\". This is a darkly beautiful aging Dylan album. So what else is new, right?
006135323X|3.0|This is one of those books I'd call interesting, but not really useful or groundbreaking.  There's been a lot of work done over the past few decades about people and in particular investors behaving \\"irrationally\\" in other words counter to how you'd rationally plan to act. But his experiments are interesting (though I'd be curious to see some of his data and how he collected it). Still, its a fun airplane ride read.  The major takeaway is people act irrationally, and you might too.
B00005NI5Y|4.0|The first paragraph of this review has been used to review other later Bob Dylan CDs.    Okay, okay I have gone on and one over the past year or so about the influence of Bob Dylan's music (and lyrics) on me, and on my generation, the Generation of '68. But, please, don't blame me. Blame Bob. After all he could very easily have gone into retirement and enjoyed the fallout from his youthful fame and impressed one and all at his local AARP chapter. But, no, he had to go out on the road continuously, seemingly forever, keeping his name and music front and center. Moreover, the son of a gun has done more reinventions of himself than one could shake a stick at (folk troubadour, symbolic poet in the manner of Rimbaud and Verlaine, heavy metal rocker, blues man, etc.) So, WE are left with forty or so years of work to go through to try to sort it out. In short, can I (or anyone else) help it if he is restless and acts, well, ....like a rolling stone?    All of this is by way of introduction to the latest group of CDs from the vaults of one Bob Dylan's vast repertoire of musical interests. I note that there is a touch of going back, way back, and a life times' summing up driving the music. I also note the increased emphasis on the music that influenced him early on in his rise to fame and many tips of the hat to the so-called American Songbook that he seemingly knows by heart. While we are all familiar with the various periodizations of the Dylan musical trajectory- folk troubadour a la Woody Guthrie, hard rockster, semi-Christian evangelical, old vaudeville showman and sentimental (for him) songster it is good to see him return ever more to his beginnings. \\"Bringing It All Back Home\\", \\"Blonde On Blonde\\" and \\"Blood On The Tracks\\" will probably be his monuments in the folk/rock/pop pantheons but some of the late work, especially some of the covers of the early blues men like Skip James and Blind Willie McTell will endure as well.    Stick outs here include \\"High Water\\" (his tribute to the legendary Mississippi bluesman Charley Patton; a very lyrically mysterious \\"Mississippi\\"; a plaintive \\"Po' Boy\\": and, a seeming return to 1920's pop culture Rudy Vallee crooner-type \\"Bye And Bye\\".
B001I0T92Q|4.0|This works very well, but it feels VERY flimsy (especially on the micro SD inserts). On the other hand, for $12, it doesn't break the bank if I have to buy a new one...
1582701709|2.0|Earl Nightingale, arguably the father of the concept of positive thinking, planted the seed for books of this ilk when he averred: \\"We become what we think about\\".  Although this book contributes to a shift from negative to positive thinking, it's so lite that anyone who is into this topic, or wants to get real information on this topic, will take offense to the many randomly scattered statements that often make you say \\"duh\\".  They possess the double whammy of not telling you much while lacking support.  On the opposite scale, and I do mean opposite scale, there are books like Ordaining Reality which provide enough information as to how thoughts change outcomes to allow you to debate this topic with professional physicists.  A newer version makes the case with a less hard science.  It's not an easy read or real cheap, but this book clearly piques the interest of any serious reader of this topic.
B001CJJWV6|5.0|Nobody - I MEAN NO ONE has the soul of Hendrix.  All these \\"Dime a Dozen\\" songs of today, Nobody could play the guitar like he could.  Jimi's a Monster when he played. That is why I play the keyboard now!<br />...and when he sets his guitar on fire, Mayhem erupted!!
B00012BSHG|4.0|We have been using this pool for about 2 weeks now and it is doing great.  It holds air well and we love the inflatable bottom.  Our daughter (16 mo) loves playing in it and it is big enough for her and one adult.  I am sure it could handle 2 adults as well it just wouldn't leave much room for kids to play.  We are enjoying our pool!
B0026J8LHM|4.0|Honestly, so many people have a huge problem with this record. It honestly is not that bad.. or let me rephrase that... a lot of it is quite good.   I agree with the massive amounts of people that the lyrics aren't really that great. The music, however, is still very prominent, we cannot forget that crucial fact.   My favorite track on this disc, hands down, is \\"A Nightmare to Remember.\\" By far, this is the most cohesive track, I find the lyrics to tell quite an eerie story of the very real human experience of being in a severe car accident.   \\"Rite of Passage\\" doesn't even deserve to be called a progressive rock song. It was written solely for the purpose of being a single and is the most mundane 8 and a half minute song they have ever written. No real interesting time changes we all grew to love DT for, just one of those eye-rolling, battling solos between Petrucci and Rudess.  \\"Wither\\" is also a radio friendly song, but the length of it is appropriate and all around better then \\"Passage.\\" Not my favorite track on the album, but good nevertheless.  Back to the longer epic songs, \\"The Shattered Fortress\\" really did disappoint me. Very, VERY rushed and not nearly as epic as I hoped it would be, and it's cool if you refer back to the songs in this collection, but to recycle the riffs as many times as they did, it just makes this song ridiculous. There's nothing new, they CLEARLY just tacked this on to the end of the album.  \\"The Best of Times\\" doesn't get any complaints from me. I love how they went with a really jubilant sound on this song and it really is touching if you imagine what it would be like to lose your father. Great song with a classic solo from Petrucci that reminds me of why he was inspired to write music in the first place.  \\"The Count of Tuscany\\" has a lot of really awesome, memorable parts, but this song is too long for its own good. Out of 19 mins, I really enjoy maybe 11 of those mins scattered about the song while the other 8 sounds like filler,especially the 3 and a half minute solo where Petrucci is messing with his volume pedal. It is NOT necessary to write a 75+ minute record every time guys, and you don't have to release music precisely every 2 years. Let inspiration come to you, then write the music. Take a breath of fresh air, spend some time with your families, and when it feels time to go back into the studio, you will feel refreshed and ready to write some good music. Maybe a nice concept album with a flowing story line like sfam and sdoit would serve really well for their next album huh?? Can I get an amen for that one?!?!  Overall, it really is an album with a lot of positive merits, however, they do drift off in parts that just don't sound good. Someone's gotta tell Portnoy to stop doing vocals where he's trying to sound heavy, because it's not working, it sounds lame, they should just continue to do what they do best!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Excellent service- I had a problem with the dvd-the seller promptly replaced the item. Would use this seller, again
032147404X|5.0|Scott Kelby is an articulate, humorous writer that explains \\"how\\" to take digital images without the \\"whys\\" to quickly propel a person into taking some wonderful images.  Read his book The Digital Photography Book, whether you are a beginner or advanced photographer, to learn some valuable tips that will make your photography that much better.  He is the best, clearest writer out there on Photoshop and digital photography.
B00192IV0O|1.0|The E.N.D is one of the worst albums I've ever heard. I loved the lead single Boom Boom Pow and I thought the album would be the same. Wow, I was wrong. Please, I beg you, save your money and don't buy this piece of crap. The music industry complains about how people download free music from file sharing sites but with crappy albums like this why the hell would we waste our money? Unfortunately, I was one of the dumb ones who spent money on this garbage!!!!
B001RTP48Q|5.0|This is without a doubt the best Pet shop boys Cd EVER!!! I repeat,,,, EVER!!!!!!
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|RIP - KEEP MICHAEL CLOSE TO YOUR HEART - KEEPSAKE NECKLACES [...]  - LIMITED SUPPLYS
0307454541|5.0|To sum up this book: I finished it in only two days.  It was gripping detective fiction from the very first page.<br /><br />It  contained a few scenes featuring the herione that I thought were partly over-the-top, but the hero's scenes were tempered, and finely wrought by a writer who was a master at pacing.<br /><br />I found the characters lively, likable, and life-like, the premise quite fascinating,  and the resolution satisfying. I can't wait to get the next books in the series.
B00001U0DP|5.0|The marvelous movie takes place during the Holocaust but is also very aptly named, for it shows the even amid the worst atrocities the Enemy through his servants can afflict upon man, there is still beauty, love and joy as a father strives to keep his young son innocent of the horror that surrounds and would drown them and to give hope to his wife in the concentration camp they are all sent to. Inspiring, uplifting and encouraging that even in the greatest darkness, there could still be great light. Highly, highly recommended! Would give it 10 stars if I could!
B001BYLFEE|5.0|I never read the book but have read many other Azimov works including the Foundation Trilogy.  I know Azimov when I see him, and he was all over this classic film.  Not having read the book, I cannot yet determine where Azimov left off and the filmmakers picked up, but this film astutely blurred the lines between tool, machine, slave, servant and human.  Much like Blade Runner before it (though more traditionally sci-fi in look and feel), I, Robot examines but leaves wide open the legal and moral criteria by which we qualify rational beings as citizens with citizens' rights.
B00003CX8Y|1.0|i bought the platinum edition DVD of Disney's \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" from the seller known as \\"Limeyman\\", in May.    It was so obviously a pirated copy, as printing for the cover art and accompanying booklet were all grainy and dull-coloured (the booklet wasn't even stapled together and was incomplete, with just a couple of badly printed pages loosely folded together!)    Worst of all, both the enclosed discs could not be played AT ALL on my Macbook. And the irony was that i had watched the exact same movie twice already on the very same computer (but it was an original version, loaned by a friend)    i have yet to receive my refund from Limeyman.
B00009P1O2|5.0|I bought it for my boyfriend who has every queen CD but no videos (until now).  Now he sings with every song and tells me every bit of history that he knows about queen.    If you're a queen fan, I highly recommend it.
B001F290E4|4.0|Great CD - lots of songs that will bring back alot of memories but only in a way that Seal can deliver.  I think if you are a Seal fan, you will love it.
B001TK3XO0|5.0|Two women growing up in Afghanistan during a period of violent change. This story touched me to the core. Mr. Hosseini, the author, is a great story teller. I feel like I have just learned a great deal about this place so far away from where I live, and so seemingly remote from my existance, yet actually very much a part of the world political puzzle.  I am very grateful to Mr. Hosseini for the chance to learn about and begin to understand our sisters and brothers in Afghanistan.
B000J5NXLY|5.0|Product performs as both advertised and desired. Item was shipped and delivered within specified time frame. Excellent transaction experience.
B001HN697M|5.0|I have watched all of the series. Great Stories and Great Action! This DVD keeps you on the edge of your seat. Would watch  this over and over. Delivered in timely manner from Amazon, of course.
B00005NP20|5.0|Excellent service and just what I wanted. Product was brand new and in the original packaging.
B0018QQQK8|3.0|Ever since I watched The Notebook Movie, I wanted to try Nicholas Sparks. I got a free download for the Lucky One with a purchase of my new e-reader, so I set to read it with a mindset that it will evoke the same feelings as the movie did. I was wrong.     First, the story was quite moving and interesting (the only factor that propelled me to finish the whole book), however the characters themselves were nothing short of sketches. And although, at some superfluous level you do get to know what the main characters think, you never really get to know what's going on in their heads, how they truly FEEL. (For example, the author can say the character is \\"scared\\" or \\"feels affection\\", he does not SHOW it by describing the main characters at THAT moment. I sometimes felt like the nature and surroundings were better SHOWED than the characters.)    Second, I felt there was zero attraction between Logan and Elizabeth. They did have extensive dialogues (actually it seemed Beth did all the talking), yes, but their falling in love happened way too sudden. And the fact that the author only mentioned their \\"making love\\" in mere couple of paragraphs was laughable. (Come on, Mr. Sparks, you can do better than that!)    Third, when I went to check Spark's biography, it says on Wikipedia that one of his underlying themes is Christianity. So for the ones who want to buy this book, keep that in mind. There is hardly any swearing. The main villain turns out to be a hero in the end. And the main heroine is as chaste as an angel, albeit (as you will find out) not by her own devices (which made her a bit of a wimp sometimes).    The ending was abrupt as many did complained here but I actually found it a very powerful ending to the whole \\"Was he really that lucky or not?\\" question surrounding Logan.     So, in general, it's an ok book, and would have been great, had the characters been DESCRIBED a bit better and were the emotions between Logan and Elizabeth more pronounced.
0385340575|5.0|The book arrived in excellent condition and in a very timely manner.  I will be looking forward to making additional purchases with this seller again.
0061767581|4.0|[[ASIN:0061767581 L.A. Candy]]    I thought the book started off somewhat slow but the last 100 pages really had me hooked. It was a quicky easy read and I am actually looking forward to the next book. Was surprised I liked it as much as I did.
B000003RCY|5.0|This is probably one of the best metal albums ever created. And that is no stretch. Not only is this Rammstein's utter best (with Sensucht close behind), it's also one of the best ever. This album never once disappoints from beginning to end. It's the most solid work they've ever conceived, and this should be an example for all metal bands today. You don't need to scream like an animal to make good metal. Rammstein are naturals. They were born to do this. And they've just set in stone that they are among the best in the business. It's too bad not enough Americans know about them. These guys rock hardcore. And I mean HARD. CORE. If you love metal, BUY THIS. You don't even necessarily have to understand the words. The music is amazing. Plus the lyrics are in the booklet for you to read. GET THIS NOW. You absolutely will not be disappointed.
0316044695|5.0|This book is wonderful, well-written, and touching.  I really enjoyed the first-hand account of a SEAL.  I have a new respect and admiration for the SEALS.  Don't think it is only a book about soldiers, war, and Afghanistan -- it certainly isn't.  It is a book about heart, soul and relationships (and you also learn about the soldiers and what they experience while reading it).  I LOVED the book and have recommended it to all types of readers.
B000RGSOR8|5.0|St Vincent is singer-composer-multi-instrumentalist Annie Clark, ably assisted by some of her friends on strings, horns, reeds, and vocal choir. Clark is a find, refreshingly different. She has a lovely, pure voice, which, though not strong, is always there for her quirky compositions and lyrics. She writes strong songs: they take unpredictable turns, changing direction both melodically and rhythmically en route to satisfying resolutions. The lyrics are tricky things. I especially like \\"Landmines,\\" which begins with: \\"I'm crawling through landmines/Just to know what you are.\\" It's a love song of sorts, I guess, but more than that, she manages to combiner playfulness with wistfulness in one lovely five-minute piece. I am equally impressed by \\"Now Now,\\" which starts with a vocal choir singing \\"I know\\" and Annie Clark filling in what she knows -or rather remembers--from a shared past in a surrealist stream of consciousness.  The song splinters at the close into a burst of sound much like in the Beatles' \\"A Day in the Life.\\" And then it ends. Just ends.  Which is one of Annie Clark's trademarks, songs that end sometimes, as in the lovely \\"All My Stars Aligned,\\" suddenly and unexpectedly. They're just over. Because she's said what she has wanted to say, no more left to listen to. Other favorites? \\"Paris Is Burning,\\"  \\"What Me Worry,\\" \\"Marry Me,\\" and the kickass \\"Your Lips Are Red,\\" which is driven by Clark's driving electrified guitar riffs. I like also that she includes a short piano piece, \\"We Put a Pearl in the Ground,\\" eight songs in (out of eleven total). That's nine songs out of eleven that like greatly and the other two aren't bad either. It sounds like a good argument for buying or downloading the whole album and not just a few cuts. Clark doesn't sound like either Regina Spektor or Natalie Feist, but the listener who enjoys either of them will probably enjoy listening to Annie Clark too.<br /><br />Watch out for St. Vincent, or Annie Clark, whatever she chooses to call herself in the future. She's a comer.herself in the future. She's a comer.
B001RTP48G|4.0|Get the deluxe or double album it is well worth it. Very hard to find in stores but amazon does have this at a great price. Album is one of the better albums that Pet Shop Boys has had. Get this one
1416585710|1.0|I'm giving up on this book at page 330. Most of the action takes place in the protagonist's head. The plot is like a band or tropical storms which sits of the coast and keeps circling back on you, dumping more rain. It never goes anywhere; the bones of decent story are in here somewhere, but it seems 100 pages too long already. And all that mumbo-jumbo about bools, bad gunky, and yum-yum trees gets really old. Frustrating book.
B001GKJ2E8|1.0|I could go on and on about the stupidity of the storyline (a cloth of death?), or the absolutely ridiculous effects (curving a bullet around a circle?), but I'll just stick to this: It was horrible, and I was embarrassed for everyone involved. I suppose there is a chance that I didn't \\"get it\\", but if so, then for once I'm glad I'm in the dark.
B000RZIGVS|2.0|The show is great and deserves 5 stars, but this set they've put together is only worth 2. This set comes with the discs set into double sided plastic trays that are cheap and fragile. They are taped together with packing tape in three packs. Mine came cracked, but I didn't return it because the discs are okay. I'll probably end up transferring the discs to a higher quality case. I bought this set because it was on sale. It would have been better had they used a higher quality plastic for the case.
B000Y179KO|4.0|While this collection of new songs by The Eagles is good, I have to agree with Don Henley that it should have been compressed and made into a single CD instead of two. The two-CD set is good; a single-CD would have made it great. But that's what happens when you wait nearly thirty years between albums. You get the feeling that they wanted to cram all they could into this package because they wouldn't be doing another one, and the overall feel suffers a bit because of it. All in all, being a huge Eagles fan, I'm not complaining. At least they finally did get around to releasing new music and simply weren't continuing to tour as an oldies act.
0307408833|5.0|Vegan, GF chocolate chip cookies that taste amazing, come on, how could you not love this book just for that recipe! I don't care if the book is not entirely gluten-free. I am loving the recipes we can eat. Yes, I agree that the book cover title should have indicated this but it looks like the title on amazon says this.<br /><br />My boys need to be on a gf/cf diet and my husband is allergic to eggs. I love the desserts in this book - especially the vanilla cupcakes, though I have not made the frosting yet! I like the use of highly nutritious bean flours and the bob's red mill all purpose flour (which makes it so easy) in the recipes. Thank You!!!
0425173755|5.0|Murder on the Orient Express   &#34;The Murder of Roger Ackroyd&#34; was not the first mystery novel by Agatha Christie but it was one of her most famous. Some criticized it for its novel ending. This book also has an unconventional ending that should surprise a reader. It is another variation on the &#34;locked room&#34; murder mystery which takes place on a sleeping car in Europe. Some of the comments reflect life in the 1930s. Hercule Poirot's visit to Syria may reflect the events of that era when it was part of the French Empire. Poirot's trip on the Orient Express finds it packed in the off-season. Then a passenger is found stabbed to death. Has anyone left the train? If not, the murderer is still aboard! Poirot is asked to investigate as the snowbound train is isolated from the authorities.   In Part II Poirot interviews all the people on the train. Could anyone be connected to the dead man? Seemingly not, unless Poirot can uncover any facts not disclosed by the passengers. Yet we know it had to be someone on this train. In Part III Poirot considers the testimony and poses Ten Questions about the murder. [Did you pick up any clue?] If any of the passengers have a connection to the murdered man could it explain the crime? In Chapter 9 Poirot assembles the passengers to explain his solution. [This was the common practice in many mystery novels.] Poirot offers two solutions. The first is that Ratchett's enemy entered the train at the station, stabbed him, then slipped away before the train left the station. Poirot explains the second solution to his audience of varied nationalities. Could such a fantastic plan be possible? The Director of the Wagon Lit company chooses the first solution and all the passengers agree. Case closed, the murderer was not found.   This clever story is one of Agatha Christie's best. The murderer of Roger Ackroyd was never tried. This story is an example of clever deductions by finding the undisclosed clues. The description of Ratchett as traveling armed tells about the right to keep and bear arms in Europe before the 1940s. One fault of Christie is her description of American citizens as &#34;subjects&#34;. That hasn't been true since the War of 1775.
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|this is a must have for any Final Fantasy fan and add the picture and sound quality of blue ray and you have a great combo if your looking at this movie get it now you wont be disappointed.
B000GLKLCK|2.0|The engineers at Sony have used the finest technology available today to ruin some of the best recordings of some of the best performances of some of the best music ever written.Across all twelve disks there is a piercing digital distortion in the mid-frequency range. Between about 2,000 and 8,000 cycles per second a nasty ring comes out and bites your ears off. it is so bad that some notes jump right out of the mix as if their volume were twice that of notes in other ranges. this is a real heart-break to me as I love these recordings. I do believe they represent the finest achievement of Murray Perahia's career. If you have the ability to re-equalize these recordings the offending frequencies can be lowered and this will make the listening tolerable.One should never have to do this. i believe that Sony is contributing to the disabled of Japan by hiring only deaf engineers.
B001RIY4WE|4.0|This \\"Skynet Edition\\" of T2 is the best looking release of T2 to date. The picture is sharp and detailed. It's not overly grainy, nor does it look like the grain has been reduced too much.     I can't judge the audio from a home-theater buff's perspective, as my only audio source is the TV's built-in speakers, but it sounds great on my TV. The main uncompressed audio track has a very wide dynamic range...sometimes too wide, actually. I have to turn the sound up quite a bit to hear dialogue clearly, then I'm blown away by the action scenes which are way too loud. This might not be as much of an issue for those with better audio systems though.    The only gripe I have about this disc is the insanely slow loading times. I have a pretty new Panasonic DMP-BD60 Blu-Ray player and the disc takes 2-3 minutes to load initially. Once the main menu has loaded, you can watch the film and special features easily, but if you want to watch with any of the informational overlays (script, production notes, storyboards, etc.) in the \\"interactive mode\\" then you have to wait again as the interactive mode loads. Just plan on taking a bathroom break or something after you pop the disc in while you wait for it to load.     The BD-Live feature is, I think, a big plus on this disc. Several \\"making-of\\" type features that were on previous releases of T2 can be downloaded via the BD-Live interface. So even though you don't own every previous DVD release of the film, you can still watch the special features that came with them. There are some other BD-Live features which I haven't tried, such as an interactive chess game of some sort.    If you haven't picked up T2 on Blu-Ray, this is definitely the one to get. Great picture, great sound, and good special features make this worth the price you pay for it, as long as you don't mind the slow loading times.
B0002KQNL8|5.0|A gang of kids accidentally release of mysterious gas which wakes up the inhabitants of an adjacent graveyard. The zombies want only one thing and that's BRAINS and there are plenty of them in the local town which has been sealed off by the army.    Yup. Pretty much like the first one. James Karen and Thom Mathews are back, and in roles nearly identical to their roles in Return Of The Living Dead. Despite that fact, I really did enjoy ROTLD2 on it's own merit. If you can ignore the blatant similarities with the first ROTLD, you should enjoy it just as I did.
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|At first when All Hope Is Gone came out I really couldn't even listen to it. Now about a year later I had to get over it, and realize that bands after awhile just mature there sound. That's all Slipknot is going to do what they want to do, and if no one likes it they don't care. All they are doing is staying true on what they want to do not what people want them to do that's what i like about them they stay true to themselves and no one else. All Hope Is Gone is different from all of there other cd's but in a good way. My favorite cd by Slipknot will always will be Iowa witch i have three copies of. I have to say All Hope Is Gone is a great cd all in all. The dvd is great, but could have been longer. All Hope Is Gone cd/dvd is worth the money.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly is an absolutely amazing show. It's set mostly in space and some offworld places. If you can picture a sort of \\"space cowboy\\" feel that is what it reminds me of. Each individual episode is brilliant in its own right. And it is very easy to fall in love with all the characters; even River. It is very disappointing however to find out that this is the one and only season this show was allowed. The day this show was cancelled was a very sad day for television.     However on a sidenote, Firefly had such a huge fanbase, that they were able to raise enough money to make a movie sequel so that the characters (all played by the same actors) and show could have some closure.    Anyway this show is very entertaining and fun to watch. The characters are very appealing and they have some really humorous \\"one-liners\\" that just help to make the show great. They have the perfect actors playing their perfect roles phenomenally. It has a great overall plot, though I would have loved to see more development about River and the group that has the \\"hands of blue.\\"  Other then that, this show is amazing and worth watching over and over again, as long as you dont mind it not really having a true ending.
B0024F08RO|5.0|This has been one of my favorite TV shows ever!  I didn't like the ending though.  It's to bad the show has ended.
B00005AR3G|5.0|I remember when this movie first came out. I was only 13 and remember being so excited to see it in theatres. I also remember not liking it much at all. However, I ended up rewatching it once it was released on video and fell in love with it. It has been one of my favorite Disney movies ever since.     I think part of the reason that I did not like the movie the first time I had seen it was because I just didnt get a lot of the subtle humor that is displayed throughout the entire movie. Im glad I gave it another chance though because this movie is down right hilarious. And to top it off they have a good group of voice actors that really gave life to the characters that they play. I especially love how Patrick Warburton played Kronk. And the dvd itself hasnt ever given me any problematic issues which is a huge plus.     But anyway, it just goes to show that even if you dont like something right away, it never hurts to try it again. Who knows, maybe your tastes may have changed by then or you will pick up on something that you may have missed the first time around. I know Im glad that I decided to watch this movie again considering now that it is one of my favorites. I say kudos to Disney for another great animated film.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|This is a charming, lovely, beautiful film.  I know it's aimed at kids but as an adult, I find it just to my taste.  Paris looks enchanting and so real.  I love to view it often since I love Paris.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I came across this show thanks to a friend of mine. She told me it was an absolute must see. She then proceeded to sit me down and had me watch it right then and there. I had no idea what to expect. I have to say, what then proceeded for the next 40 odd minutes was brilliant.    Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog had me enchanted with it from the moment the show began all the way up until the ending note. Neil Patrick Harris plays an \\"Evil Genius Scientist\\" known as Dr. Horrible/Billy, along with Nathan Fillion (Capt. Hammer) and Felicia Day (Penny).     All Dr Horrible wants is to join the Evil League of Evil. Yet along the way we find that he is in love with a girl named Penny, which he has trouble speaking to and has a nemesis called Capt. Hammer who is a really self-absorbed supposed good guy. In this comedic musical blog we follow along with Dr. Horrible as he tries to make an impression on the league and work up the nerve to finally talk to Penny. However everything tumbles down around Dr. Horrible when he accidently introduces Penny to Capt. Hammer and they hit it off.    But this isnt just a normal love triangle. This is a MUSICAL love triangle that unfolds before your eyes. Every song in this show is very catchy and makes you want to learn the words so that you can truly sing along like the title suggests. I found myself listening to each and every song over and over again. It really adds to the blogs appeal. And each of those actors really can sing.    Also along with the normal commentary and special features found on most dvds, this dvd has a musical commentary which is about another 40 oddish minutes of absolute hilariousness. I had no idea what a musical commentary would be like, but the cast of Dr. Horrible and the geniuses behind it, delivered a great commentary that seemed like it could have been a seperate show all on its own.    In any case Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog is absolutely brilliant and enjoyable. And it is one of those shows that is justso much fun to sit around afterwards and start quoting; especially when you're with people who pick up on where the quote is from and can start quoting back. In my opinion it's a must see.
B000P0J09M|5.0|One of the best insider Mafia movies made  -  thank you Henry Hill, Martin Scorcese and Ray Liota
B00133KFGW|4.0|I feel this movie really tears at one's emotions in a good, happy way. It's about an orphan boy who believes that one day he'll find his parents through the use of his music. It has a really great story, even though a lot of it is hard to believe. Like the fact that the boy never had any musical training, but can pick up a guitar for the first time and automatically just start playing it like a pro, or how he had never seen a note written down before in his life yet somehow is able to write an entire musical score in a half a days time.<br /><br />I do want to say that the music in it is amazing. Very catchy, yet emotionally powerful.<br /><br />All the same, this is a great family movie which is enjoyable and fun to watch as long as you dont pay too much attention to how impossible some of what happens really is. But hey, what else is fiction for other then to suspend reality a little bit?
B001FB55M6|4.0|I've had people tell me they didnt like the movie but I thought it was a good flick. Jim is very funny as usual and at the very least I would recommend a rent if not a buy. If you a JC fan you should def buy it.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|I, born in 1989, was certainly born past what most people would say was MJ's prime. In any case, by the time I even learned what music was, MJ had released most of his best work. YET, one of the first CDs that I ever bought was a Michael Jackson album (and, needless to say, MJ is my all-time fave). I THINK THIS IS A TRUE TESTAMENT TO WHAT A GENIUS THIS MAN WAS.     What other musician has been able to put smiles on the faces of so many generations in so many countries?    You can say what you want about the man, but that doesn't take away from the true genius that most people love and respect.    Thriller is absolutely everything you look for in an album: great, meaningful lyrics, terrific beats, an ungodly amount of number one hits, and so much more. ENOUGH SAID. If you haven't experience Thriller, then you haven't experienced music.
B001SO69IY|2.0|When I saw that this cd was coming out I instantly thought \\" I HAVE TO GET THIS\\". I loved the first cd they put together and still listen to it. If you dont have their fisrt album together go get it instead of this. This was horrible and very disappointing to me. I will definitely be more cautious buying their albums.
B001FB55H6|3.0|Overall, I *would* have given it an 4 (the scene on Mars went beautifully) - except the retarded new ending dragged it down to maybe a 5. Worth seeing. Adequate to the task. Great visuals.    Of course many people will like the new ending. It's been dumbed down for the masses. As soon as I heard the ending was changed last year, I predicted it - so it elicited a big yawn from me at the theater (and I don't blame Alan Moore AT ALL for divorcing himself from this project - the re-write is an insult). I can't explain how self-defeating it is without giving too much away for those that haven't seen the movie (but have read the book).    I thought there was plenty of action (and sex), but another problem is that everyone seems to be a jacked up super-hero who can punch through or get slammed through concrete walls, etc - when the only one with actual super-powers is supposed to be Manhattan. Another basic level corruption of the source material.    They changed Rorschach *slightly* by lessening his hrrrrm vocal tick and streamlining him into kind of a Batman-ish bada@@. He still says it a few times under his breath, as if to substitute it for hmmm. Like \\"hmmm. that's interesting\\" or as a non-verbal response to something seen - not a recurring pattern in his speech that adds to the \\"unpleasantness\\" of being around Rorschach. But other than that, Jackie Earle Haley did a fantastic job! There are several scenes that seem to have animated themselves straight from the comic page as that is Snyder's strength as a director, not his writing. If the new ending is any indication of his ability as a storyteller, his skills are pedestrian at best.    Overall I did enjoy the film and I am one of those people that was there in September '86 reading Watchmen #1 off the rack. But I can't let that pathetic ending slide, and it brings the quality of the entire film down.
B001QB9H1K|5.0|I have always loved the Transporter franchise and this is no exception. I would definitly recommend you watch them in series as it will make much more sense. I have always like the first in the series and probably will but I love the action sequences along with the car chases.<br /><br />The plot is always in need of a bit more with these movies but take them for what they are. They are there to entertain and Transporter 3 definitly does.<br /><br />Highly recommended
B00186K7EE|5.0|$200 IT IS REALLY SAD 2 SEE PEOPLE TRYING 2 BANK IN ON THE DEATH OF MR.MICHAEL JACKSON...THIS IS A GOOD DVD BUT COME ON NOW $200?GET IT 2GETHER OR LEAVE IT ALONE
B001CTDH76|5.0|[[ASIN:B001CTDH76 The Mentalist: The Complete First Season]]    Christie and Conan Doyle can be blamed for the flawed genius crime fighter with that unique quality with Sherlock Holmes, Ms Marple and Poirot. There have been later takes on this theme such as Nero Wolfe. More recently its been Monk, Columbo, Mrs Fletcher (Murder She Wrote), Profiler and Medium.    This isnt serious crime investigation and thankfully its not meant to be. Enough with the real life police/hospital dramas that are usually quite frankly an overglorification of a generally unattractive, nasty and messy business (believe me I work in the crime area).    Shows like those beforementioned and of course The Mentalist are pure entertainment and totally detached from reality and that's why I like them. What makes these shows so successful is a quirky character with a unique special quality, an actor able to translate the role well to the screen and good stories and supporting characters. Simon Baker is perfect in his role, the support characters are good and the story lines entertaining.     Too often networks have lost the escapist theme in favour of an attempt (falsely) to achieve a more realistic approach. Fewer and fewer are the fun shows that I recall as a young man, such as Hawaiian Eye, 77 Sunset Strip, Wild Wild West, the Man From UNCLE, Avengers, The Saint, Outer Limits and the Twilight Zone. There have been some recent successes with Magnum P.I., Macgyver, The Pretender and X-Files. Great examples of pure escapism, realistic enough have you half way believing, but fun enough to know at the end of the program that you have had a good time.    The Mentalist is just such a show. Its the sort of program you want to watch over and over again because of the unusual nature of the character and the cleverness of the actor in portraying that character. Its the process and the interpersonal exchanges that are why you watch programs like this. The conclusion, though important, is secondary to the journey we take with the lead character seeing his quirky and genius approach to the information received.    Thank goodness there are still some programs like this around, like oases in a desert of modern day TV visual chewing gum, that has long ago lost its flavour.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|4 large hairy dogs - use this on my kitchen/wooden floor.  2nd one - works great.  First one battery died after a year.  Found it more viable to just buy a new sweeper.
B000025H0Q|4.0|It's really sad that Nick Drake passed from this life at such a young age.  It's obvious he was very talented.  That he didn't make it big while he was alive is very surprising.  Bryter Layter has four great songs (Chime of the City Clock, One of These Things First, Poor Boy, and Northern Sky) and the rest is very listenable.
143911000X|4.0|This book was very funny. Twas a great reference to randomly turn to a page when hanging out drinking with the guys the night before my wedding.
B000R4SMD6|5.0|Excellent movie!! Sir Anthony was superb and what a twist ending. I would highly recommend this movie even if you are not a Hopkins fan.
0345350499|5.0|This is by far, one of my all time favorite books of the thousands I have read in my life.<br />It is an exquisite saga of the mighty women of Avalon. The level of detail and character development done by Bradley stands in a league of its own!<br />This is no quick read, since it goes on for over 600 pages, however, I remember thinking that it was a sad day to get to the very last few pages!<br />This is truly a marvelous read!
B00186K7EE|5.0|$200 for used acceptable condition, $400 for used very good condition, and even $429 for new from a \\"Just Launched\\" store   The King didn't deserve to have people trying to cash in on his death like this. It hasn't even been four days!!!
B00009ZYBY|4.0|I watch very very few movies these days.  My husband and I have started watching quite a few recently that we have then turned off in the middle because they were so disappointing for whatever reason.  This one we both enjoyed.<br /><br />Yes, it was violent, so if you are sensitive to violence I would say you should find something else to watch.  But, I really enjoyed the story (even though it was fiction with historical characters thrown in) the setting, the costumes, the acting...I really enjoyed it all.  I really liked the warfare in the beginning and seeing what technology they had available at the time.<br /><br />I thought this was a good action adventure movie with a fascinating historical setting as a backdrop.
B000URDEB0|5.0|I got some mp3's from a friend awhile back and never really listened to it much.   Here and there I'd have a listen.  Found myself going back to it more and more.   Then a I went a bout 2 weeks straight and it was the ONLY disc I played.  This is an album I will be listening to 20 years from now (assuming I make it that long).  This had to be in my collection!  Too much enjoyment to NOT have paid for it.    I don't understand the straight up ragging on the new singer..  I love her voice and how it goes with the music..  I also don't care or follow the emotional saga of the original singer's departure, or stuff with the current singer.  Don't care!  To me it should be about the music !!    I've sampled some of the music with the original singer, and it/she is just \\"different\\".  Not bad, but it just doesn't grab my attention at all like the first few listens of this album did.  When 8 of 10 people give 4-5 stars, you got to wonder about what the people expect who give 1-2 stars and compare her to nails on a chalk board.  Some people just enjoy ragging on others I guess.  This is a GREAT album!  And just because it has maybe even changed my life in the smallest of ways (ie.. there are still talented people making great music) doesn't mean I will promise the same for you.
B000OVLBFS|5.0|Enjoy all Tom Selleck ever since Magnum P.I..  Really enjoy the recent Jesse Stone series as well as Robert B. Parkers books. But, at any age, his or mine, Selleck is always easy on the eye.
B0000009RX|5.0|Realesed in 1968 Frank Zappa's, \\"We're Only In It For The Money\\", not only mocked the Beatles landmark album, \\"Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band\\", but it also mocked the whole entire flower power generation and \\"phony hippies\\", as said in the song, \\"Who Needs The Peace Corps?\\", so bassicly this album probaly pissed a lot of people off when it was realesed, but since then it has become a classic and one of the key albums to own by Frank Zappa and The Mothers Of Invention.<br /><br />  From start to finish Frank Zappa's, \\"We're Only In It For The Money\\", is full of special effects, people talking on phones, psychedelic sound effects, and very mocking lyrics mocking everything from, phony hippies, to \\"America Way\\", yet still, \\"We're Only In It For The Money\\", is still a timeless album that you should listen too if you are an avid listener of psychedlic or avant garde music.<br /><br />  Every time you listen to, \\"We're Only In It For The Money\\", you never know where Frank Zappa and his mothers of invention are going to take you. Wether it may be him and his band telling you about phony hippies or America Way or people talking on the phone or simply just voices talking all the way to sound effects, bassicly put, \\"We're Only In It For The Money\\", is LITTERLY a musical adventure because you never know whats coming every single time you listen to this album, which makes this album so great.<br /><br />  All in all if your an avid music lover I would recommend giving, \\"We're Only In It For The Money\\", a listen or two to appreaciate its originality and weirdness that makes the album classic and timeless something that has yet to be reproduced.
B00278U1WA|5.0|Regina is so cute I can't stand it! This album is another step in her evolution. Ever changing and refining. Some say overproduced - no way! She worked with some big name producers on this record, and you can tell, but I feel it gives the album a fun and interesting twist. And Regina did co-produce as well so you know it is still her vision for the songs.     Finally to get Blue lips, Genius Next Door, Folding Chair, Time Is All Around and others on a record is more than I could've asked for in a tracklisting! And the new songs are just icing on the cake. Machine, Laughing With, Eet, the Calculation....Everything is just fantastic. Just an all around fun album.    Get this edition for the two bonus tracks and the bonus DVD with her 4 videos. Well worth it!    I hope she doesn't wait three years to release another album!
B00006AFUR|3.0|Played some sample tunes and thought it sounded good, so I bought as present for son. Didn't sound as good the next time or two. He doesn't really listen to it much. Neither do I. I guess you have to be more of a fan.
0060794410|5.0|I could echo the hundreds of examples of positive feedback from other reviewers of the hardcover edition, which I also own, but I'd like to add comments regarding features unique to the 2005 unabridged audio recording, [[ASIN:0060794410 Good to Great CD: Why Some Companies Make the Leap...And Others Don't]], which I found made it an exceptional purchase.<br /><br />The author does an excellent job of putting the book into audio format. Rather than simply read the book verbatim, he adds bits of commentary and changes a few words where necessary because he recognizes that people don't hear the same way we read. Don't misunderstand--the vast majority of the audio is straight from the book, but the author comes across more as if he's SPEAKING to an audience, with the vocal inflections and emphasis that you'd expect from a good speaker, and even repeats key points to make sure you grasp just how important they are.<br /><br />There are multiple audio versions of this title available, and the most recent version, from 2005 (four years after the publication of the original book), provides significant additional value to the listener. The author makes numerous comments throughout the audio, sometimes at great length, about lessons learned since the original book's publication. It was this additional content that I found to be of great value to me. Although the audio wasn't recorded today, the years between the book's publication and the audio recording allow Collins to reflect on the book's findings and reasons that some of the book's good-to-great companies may have faltered somewhat in the time since the study's conclusion. This was of significance because this very question might enter the reader's mind (as it did mine), and his explanations show that the lessons learned by the actions of the good-to-greats during their transition are still 100% valid, and that failures of the great companies come as a result of their failing to stay true to the practices that led them to greatness in the first place.<br /><br />Overall, I found the additional content in the 2005 unabridged audio recording to be well worth the small additional expense. The author's skill in conveying his message through audio are consistent with the quality of the study upon which the book is based and with the author's ability to translate the study's findings into a well-organized, easily understood text. An excellent work by Jim Collins.he first place.    Overall, I found the additional content in the 2005 unabridged audio recording to be well worth the small additional expense. The author's skill in conveying his message through audio are consistent with the quality of the study upon which the book is based and with the author's ability to translate the study's findings into a well-organized, easily understood text. An excellent work by Jim Collins.
B0026J8LHM|2.0|I'm having a difficult time getting inspired by DT these days.  I bought Images back in 1992 and saw them live under a small tent in Station Square, Pittsburgh, PA.  They absolutely blew everyone else I've ever hear away.  Since then, it's been all peaks and valleys, and now it's been a deep valley since SFAM, althought I thought TOT was a great metal album.  I think the band has lost their mojo like Rush did after HYF came out in the late 80s.  If you take the best 2 songs off of each of the past 4 albums, excluding TOT, you would have a nice 8-song DT album which might be worth listening to featuring Glass Prison, Great Debate, Sacrificed Sons, Octavarium, Presence of Enemies parts 1 and 2, Nightmare to Remember, and Rite of Passage.  This hypothetical album still wouldn't compare to Images or Awake.  C'mon DT, get with it or hang it up.
B001HQZJPM|1.0|Can't really rate this item.  The seller I purchased this from never sent me my order and only refunded me partial payment and wouldn't refund the rest much less he/she never responded to my emails.  Very disappointing.
B0017V7GTY|5.0|I haven't been so hooked to a cd, a whole cd, in a looong time.  yes, they don't reinvent the wheel. Yet is as rock & roll as it gets and, more importantly, every word they sing has a scent of truth and genuineness: the feelings are sincere, easy to see yourself in them, and the images they are able to draw are simply amazing.  As you can see, I quite like this Cd. Best of 2008 in my opinion, and a band who i only hope get all the praise they deserve.  I have no doubt they will.
B0018M6J90|5.0|You know, I only wanted to see this movie because of the three main stars on the cover. Frances McDormand = amazing, Amy Adams = adorably awesome, Lee Pace = fantastic (plus he's in Pushing Daisies!!) I rented this with the notion of it being a cruddy movie but with some of my favorite actors acting. Boy, was I wrong. The story takes place in about a day, 24-48 hours total, which I think is so cool. It's a cute little story, romantic comedy indeed that i believe was overlooked at the theaters. The acting is MARVELOUS. This is not an oscar-contending movie but it's simplicity is very refreshing. Frances McDomand is a housekeeper of sorts that gets fired from her job, she is on the streets looking for a new one when she stumbles upon Amy Adams business card. Desperately wanting a job, she goes to Amy Adams apartment and her life is changed forever. But not in a bad way, in a more adventurous way. There is a scene or two involving partial nudity and very few swear words, overall this is a very charming movie that I can't wait to watch again!!
1878424505|4.0|It is a book you can read with pleasure giving you moments of relaxing meditation. it is usefull if followed with trust and involvment.
B001FW2R5I|5.0|I love this album!  It's a bit different, but it's still definitely Keane, and it's good.
0143034901|5.0|I had picked this book up and put it down at least ten times at different bookstores. But when I found a used copy while visiting Arizona for only a few dollars I decided now was the time. I'll admit that the book started slow for me, but the quality of Zafons' writing kept me going. Soon my experience changed and the book seemed to blossom. I eventually found Shadow of the Wind to be the type of novel that draws you in, envelops you, pulls you back to it time and again and then makes you feel like you've lost a best friend when you finally read the last page.<br /><br />If you're a lover of books and reading, this is one to be savored.
B00003CX9W|5.0|This is the original 1940s version. No computer art work, all hand drawn. Have the kids watch the \\"Sorcerer's Apprentice\\" one time and they will be hooked!  Fantasia is Fabulously Fantastic!
B000002KBA|5.0|Certainly, one of the best Deep Purple CDs ever.  I never get tired of listening to Speed King - plus, this disc contains the original version of Child in Time - what a great ( really great ) song !!  Everyone in the band played superb on this recording.  Too bad it wasn't a double album.  Hard to believe it came out in 1970 - it could have been yesterday.
B000M0XJ88|5.0|I hm very happy with this watch. It does run about 2-3 min. fast a week but it's no big deal. Love the retro look and it seems to be a realy tough and well built watch. No complaints.
0618680004|1.0|This man is so closed minded and has no case to base any of his evolution theory on or any of the others. That this whole thing has made them the delusioned ones.
B000TEUSJK|3.0|Weird, 70's porn with some great actors thrown in for a tiny bit of redeming social value.  Money could have been better spent, but OK for a cheap thrill.
0765350386|5.0|I picked up Elantris when I found out Brandon Sanderson was going to be finishing the wheel of time books.  It was very good.  I picked up the mistborn series, and it was much better.  I'm very happy when an author, writing a series, has a beginning, middle, and end in mind.  You can tell this after reading these wonderful books when you realize the smallest details become mind-shatteringly important.  Too many authors write a great book, and then they can't ever stop the series.  Brandon Sanderson writes a complete series in a trilogy.  After finishing it, you realize that even trivial details from the first book become important.  So often, gaping plot holes will remain that way, never explained.  In the mistborn series, the plot holes aren't holes.  They're smart spaces that Sanderson left so that he could fill them in with rich detail, to make a seamless whole.    Sanderson is still a young author, and sometimes his secondary character development is not as strong as it could be.  Don't judge this series after reading the first book.  If so, you would be happy, but feel as if it's not complete.  It isn't.  This is a book in a trilogy, meant to be read together.  It would be like reading 'Fellowship of the Ring' and saying, \\"Well, it's well written, but why didn't they just kill Gollum?\\"    To sum up.  Great book.  Great Author.  Can't wait to enjoy his future works.
0374139563|5.0|I would recommend this book to anyone with a passion and heart for Africa.  This is an eye opening book that can make anyone working in Africa more effective.
B000P6YNSE|4.0|I'm not sure I need to say anything. Season 3 was my least favorite but I have to have to DVD. It's a great show overall and the only one that I bought and keep buying the entire series on DVD.   My parents and sister have gotten into the show now (well after the end of the 5th season lol) so they use my DVDs to catch up and for the extras.
0756405890|4.0|Patrick Rothfuss is an exceptional fantasy writter, however, Kingkiller Chronicles Day 1 is slow and not to the point.  Much of the story covers the main character's childhood and teen years without much excitement.  The main plot has close to no progression until the final chapters leaving the reader wondering if the previous 600 pages were absolutely necessary.  If Day 2 was already published this might not be so bad considering we could just pick up where the story gets entertaining, but now that we must wait for book 2 I just might put this on the bookshelf and forget about the series.
B0024F08RO|5.0|This was, by far, the best series on television.  It is sad to know it has reached its end.  I have seen most of these unknown actors in other works since this show began but will always remember them for this work.  My purchase arrived quickly and in excellent shape...just as described.  Thank you.
B0011V9XT6|5.0|It's Beyonce in full hd on my 65' lcd TV. What's a better view next to the real thing??? The audio was really good too. If you like Beyonce then you need to have this in your collection. Women watch it for the music. Men watch to look at Beyonce. All in all everybody is happy. LoL!!! All seriousness I really like this disc and I highly recommend it.
B00164KYV4|2.0|I don't really understand the point of this movie.  I guess it's that if you have a friend of any sexual orientation, they will meddle in your bid'ness and preach to you about what is or is not going to happen.<br /><br />'He Doesn't Like You All Too Much' is the story of four or five couples/relationships that are as close to a tragic bus accident as one could get.<br /><br />1.  You have your clingy, overbearing, highly annoying girl who talks a lot and can't understand why nobody wants to call her or ask her out for a second date.  It's possible that it's because she's annoying and talks an awful lot, I don't know.<br /><br />2.  You have the college sweethearts who married, but don't really know why they're married...and it takes a flaky blonde (Johansson) winning a cooler that holds a sixer of Schlitz tallboys at a convenient store to make the husband realize this.  \\"This is the greatest thing that's ever happened to me!\\"  proclaims Scarlet as she holds up the camping item worth about $3.50.<br /><br />3.  The couple where the guy doesn't believe in marriage, but the woman wants to.<br /><br />4.  A real estate agent who is horribly miscast (women don't like guys who are 4'11\\", I'm sorry).  He is trying to nail a couple of the cast members.<br /><br />5.  Uh...what am I missing, here?  Oh, there's Drew Barrymore who really has no business being in this movie.  Her character is a complete afterthought and it's almost as if the production went on and then 3/4 of the way through shooting the thing the Assistant Director had to remind everyone, \\"Hey, we've had Drew Barrymore over there in her trailer for the first 45 days of the shoot...do you want to use her at all? \\"<br /><br />It's just two hours of people whining about relationships and I suppose it's all supposed to be poignant, but it's nothing you haven't seen on 'The Young & The Restless'.<br /><br />This movie is just an elongated soap opera, really.<br /><br />If you want to know the secret to a great relationship, then watch my movie when it comes out.  It's called 'Don't Get Married Until You're Over 30 & Don't Get Married If You Don't Want To.'  It's going to be really good...better than this.n't Get Married Until You're Over 30 & Don't Get Married If You Don't Want To.'  It's going to be really good...better than this.
B00000FC5H|5.0|If you're an Earth, Wind, and Fire fan then this is the CD for you.  This is filled with all the greats and I'm loving it.
B000127LW2|5.0|I like the product but out of 5 disks, I received 2 disk number 2s but did NOT receive disk number 3 for Start Trek Voyager - The Complete First Season.  Could I get disk number 3?
B000002UAO|5.0|I love this album!  I was looking for another album to add to my growing Beatles collection and this was the perfect one.  My fiance and I were talking about music for our wedding and he mentioned that he wanted to dance to In My Life with his mom.  I ended up buying the album because that song was on it (along with a bunch of other GREAT GREAT songs).
0330449605|5.0|Kate Morton is an amazing author!  I've never read anything like it.. One of the best books I've read.  I couldn't put it down.  Beautifully written.
B000UAE7RW|5.0|Twists galore in this fascinating film noir about a corrupt businessman and his family, investigated by a private detective.<br /><br />A true classic that still has the power to surprise and shock.<br /><br />If you're a movie buff, this has got to be on your list of films to watch.
1416550518|5.0|Kate Morton is a fantastic writer.  The House at Riverton is a \\"can't put down\\" book.  You'll love it.. a must read.
B001WCBPCW|3.0|Let me preface this review by saying I normally don't write reviews.  I usually read them.  And the fact that this album has been met with mixed praise from critics makes me wonder what I sometimes miss by relying on the good folks at Popmatters, CMG, Pitchfork, etc.      This album is fairly good.  I've enjoyed it a lot more than many other albums this year that I've checked out.  I bought this along with 3 other albums recently, and I keep going back to it.      I don't know what to really say about it other than the songs are catchy and I've already listened to it repeatedly.  Some albums you really need to sit down, pay attention, and maybe even listen to many, many times before they begin to grow on you.  This is not one of those albums.  You pop it in, turn it up, and enjoy.
B00297FEUI|2.0|First of all, let me tell you my disposition towards this; I thought the first Transformers movie was just OK, and I thought the latest one was pretty terrible. One of my gripes over the first movie was that the score sounded WAY too similar to earlier works of Jablonsky's master, Hans Zimmer, such as Batman Begins and Pirates 2. Well it's the same  problem here, only back with a vengeance!  I can understand if Jablonsky can sometimes sound similar to Zimmer. But not all the time. Heck, sometimes he just takes melodies straight out of Zimmers other works, alters them slightly, and puts them right in.  People may say it's amazing, but it's just rehashed ideas and the biggest difference is that it's LOUDER.  But I must say the one thing that worked the best was the track NEST with the Linkin Park instrumentals. If they had kept that as the theme for the whole movie, they would have been set. Otherwise it's just been there, done that.
1904633277|1.0|They sent me a copy of Little Women, but a COMPLETLEY DIFFERENT EDITION from what I ordered. Now I have to go through the hassle of returning it. They said that that was the edition they had on hand, so they sent it out!!    They thought I wouldn't notice. I ordered a pocket edition and they sent me a large book, and a large print one at that!!!    I would give them NO stars if I could!
B001ED7C58|5.0|The music on this CD is so beautiful!  I just love the CD.  The product was as described and shipped timely.
0385751893|5.0|Don't worry, this review doesn't have any spoilers. :)    The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was a great thought-provoking read. The fact that the Holocaust is told from the perspective of a nine-year-old is very interesting. The naïveté of Bruno to what is happening to poor Schmuel is shattering. While it is pretty unrealistic that Bruno would not be able to pronounce words like \\"Auschwitz\\" (He says Out-With) and \\"Fuhrer\\" (Fury), it does not distract from this great story.    For starters, this novel is so much deeper than a story about the Holocaust. For one, it is about the main character discovering the humanity in all people, not just the ones that are socially at his level. Before Bruno moved to \\"Out-With,\\" he did not really seem to appreciate his maids, cooks, and butlers. After the move, he discovered that each of his servants had a life all their own, each person having their own memories and experiences other than waiting on him. Also, he tends to become less materialistic than he was at his home in Berlin. Instead of worrying about how many stories his house has and how many friends he had acquired back in his old house, he begins to value small things, such as sitting with Schmuel talking.    But as far as a story about the Holocaust goes, this novel is great. While not as graphic as other Holocaust novels are, this book allows you to read between the lines and fill in the blanks passed the book's simplistic descriptions. Also, for me, the ending was totally shocking and I did not see anything like that coming.    That being said, this book is not perfect. There are many aspects of the novel that are much too convenient and/or unrealistic. One of these is the fact that Schmuel can manage to meet with Bruno for a year without being caught at a place like Auschwitz. And, included at that spot is a conveniently placed hole that is just big enough for a boy their size. Furthermore, the fact that both boys have exactly the same birthday is a little too perfect.But still, these small flaws do not get in the way of a story that will both move you and make you really think.    A-
B0002ADY0Q|5.0|I first heard the song Salisbury on an old \\"underground\\" FM station back in the early 70s. That song got a lot of playtime back then; it was one of the first \\"epic\\" songs that involved a symphony orchestra along with lots of great guitar work and vocals. I liked it so well, I went out and bought the vinyl. It took awhile, but finally it's out on CD. Lady in Black and High Priestess are also great \\"flash back\\" songs. I saw this group live at Kent State Univ.; they were touring w/Ten Years After. At the time, I much preferred TYA, but now, after all these years I can finally listen to different bands and not feel the need to compare them....They all had their unique sound, song selections, and strengths. This CD gets plenty of play time at my house! And, I can listen to the Salisbury cut over and over. Heep can fairly be considered to be one of the better innovators and heavies from that era. I gave it 5 stars for the Salisbury cut alone, it's worth buying the album for that one song...the other songs are just added enjoyment!
0525457585|2.0|Fantasy literature is my favorite genre; has been for many years. So when I finally got around to reading this book, after perusing some of the 5 star reviews (many of which stated that this book, although intended for the 9-12 age group, would be enjoyed by adult fantasy readers), I was very much looking forward to a great fantasy/adventure.<br /><br />This is the tale of a young boy (Bastian) and a quest that takes him into the fantasy world of a book that he is reading.<br /><br />It is a story that is generally well written, but despite having some good qualities, I just could not get into the 'flow' of this story. Though the quest was indeed a noble one that does have some dramatic and touching moments, I found the writing was somehow geared for a definitively younger audience than myself.<br /><br />I've cut my fantasy teeth on Tolkien's 'Lord of the Rings', Asimov's 'Foundation', George R.R. Martin's 'Ice and Fire' series, Erikson's 'Malazan' saga, also the likes of Bakker, Abercrombie and J.V.Jones, just to mention a few. These aforementioned authors tend to pull no punches when it comes to gory battles, horrific acts and clandestine plotting etc. and I must admit that these are the type of tales to which I've become addicted.<br /><br />'The Neverending Story' was OK-ish, however, it was tame, too tame for my tastes. It lacked for me that subtle excitement, that propensity for the unexpected that my favorite fantasy books just seem to exude almost from page one. I hesitantly admit that I found myself actually skimming some parts (not a good sign) because I was bored and uninterested in what was happening to the characters within this tale.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br /><br />A fantasy story with qualities reminiscent of a faerie tale; meant I believe, for the kinder, gentler and probably younger, fantasy lover. If your looking for battles, deceit and treachery, the chilling unexpected etc. then look elsewhere. In all honesty, this is one of those books that I have difficulty understanding the apparent adult popularity it has achieved. Also somewhat difficult to rate. And while I can understand a 5 star rating if you loved this book, but to me...1 1/2 to 2 Stars.<br /><br />Ray Nicholsonlt popularity it has achieved. Also somewhat difficult to rate. And while I can understand a 5 star rating if you loved this book, but to me...1 1/2 to 2 Stars.    Ray Nicholson
006135323X|5.0|All of us believe-- and love to believe-- that we're completely rational, moral beings who base our decisions on our educated backgrounds.  At the same time, we realize that most people (though not us, of course...) invest poorly, buy useless stuff, and generally make a mess of their lives by making poor decisions.  Why is that?  This book answers that question in a thoughtful, readable, and entertaining way.<br /><br />The author describes a series of experiments he and his academic colleagues have carried out over the years and explains how they describe our decision-making processes.  The general thrust of the book is while we believe we are acting in completely rational ways, we are in fact \\"predictably irrational.\\"  That is, our thought processes follow patterns that are almost completely unknown to us.  As a result, we very often make poor decisions.<br /><br />For example, we tend to assume that high-price or perceived scarcity indicates high quality.  For this reason, a one-cent aspirin doesn't work nearly as well as a fifty-cent aspirin, even though both aspirins come from the same bottle.  Similarly, a glass of beer described as an expensive micro-brew tastes much better than a run-of-the-mill tap beer, even though the micro-brew is actually the tap beer with a couple of drops of balsamic vinegar added.<br /><br />This kind of predictable irrationality has huge implications we might not realize.  For example, we believe that expensive medical care is better than low-cost care, so we demand it-- at a cost of billions every year.<br /><br />The book is packed with similar analysis.  That would make it a good enough example of the relatively new field of behavioral economics to recommend highly.  However, Dan Ariely's writing style makes it THE example of that field to recommend.  He's smart without being dull or condescending; thorough without being cumbersome; and witty without being cutsie.  The result is a serious academic book that's also a quick, entertaining read.<br /><br />That's no small thing.  This book will richly repay you for the time you spend reading it.  I recommend it most highly.l thing.  This book will richly repay you for the time you spend reading it.  I recommend it most highly.
B000U7169M|4.0|I had forgotten all about this film until I saw its trailer on another movie. It was next on my list, and I'm glad I saw it.    I think it fits in with the pyschological/thriller genre, instead of horror. I thought the acting was great, and the story made sense.    This is one of those movies that you'll really like, or nor, not much in between.    I loved Swank's character, and I would reccommend renting this and giving it a chance.    I give it a B.
0061537969|5.0|Just an amazing and intriguing story that will touch everybody, not just animal lovers! A total page turner for anybody that loves a good read. Entrust in Enzo, he's a fantastic storyteller.
B0016HNOXQ|4.0|Where to start?  Maybe with the end!!<br /><br />I've listened to this album all week long, sucking in the sound, trying to find reasons to be critical, reasons to dismiss, reasons to love it, reasons to obsess over it, reasons to dub it the best album of the year, and have come to see that this album should only be heard in context to Portishead's music alone.<br /><br />Silence and Magic Doors remind me of Martin Hannett's production of ESG.<br />The use of Philip Glass style arpeggios for minimalist drama is clear in Hunter and full force in The Rip. But listened in whole, the album is most definitely an album only Portishead could make.<br /><br />My biggest gripe, and this is a huge gripe, are the fade outs of tracks and abrupt ineffective ends to many of the tracks. I even took The Rip and played around with it in Cubase to try and give it an ending that didn't leave me totally annoyed. In some cases, as in Machine Gun the end is perfect! But in most cases it's just weak, especially considering that ALL the tracks on this album are great songs.  I don't know, are they trying to implant a great flaw in this so that it won't be an OK Computer of it's day?<br /><br />I understand expressing self loathing through music and words but implanting it into the structure of an album like this is something I have not experienced and don't know how to deal with.<br /><br />So, honestly, there are absolutely brilliant songs on here but most of them will leave you hanging in a state of dismay without any closure.<br /><br />In the end, with Threads, the closure you get to this album is the monolithic whine of a synthesizer, like a machine's final swan song.<br /><br />DEATH!<br /><br />- Michael Wiley
B001F0VHEM|5.0|Pinks new CD Funhouse is amazing.  She definitely shows off her many vocal talents in this one!
B001FB4W02|4.0|I've been an avid Smallville watcher for years. Each season, I keep hoping that they will get closer and closer to the Superman mythos, and this year, they finally got close-as-can-be. Sure, \\"no flights, no tights\\" held true, but the incorporation of a semi-relistic and utterly BRUTAL looking Doomsday went far.<br /><br />This season had some really amazing moments with Lois and Clark, and some great inclusion of other DC characters...<br /><br />That said, the arc with Lana was unneeded. And the series does suffer a bit with the loss of Michael Rosenbaum as Lex, though not as devastatingly as I would have imagined at first. The real problem, (Spoiler-alert)though, comes with how the end of the Doomsday angle is handled. They really did build it up like they would finally have a true EPIC ending to a season (Smallville is plauged by terrible season finales that are ALWAYS a let down, and this one is no different... in fact it may be worse, because they did all the right things leading up to the fight with Doomsday), however, the \\"fight\\" with Doomsday takes up little more than a minute of screen time and REALLY sucked the life out of the season.<br /><br />They've really got to get over the epic build up and pansy delivery on their season finales. We NEEDED to see Clark and Doomsday rumble for a half an hour across many states... we got a mind-numbing single attack finish...<br /><br />Overall, however, the season was stellar. I could finally see myself re-watching this season over again. I'm really excited to see where season 9 ends things.
B001NLL0RW|1.0|Will read this book when the idiot publisher realizes that anything over $9.99 won't sell as a Kindle edition!  Wake up publishers!<br /><br />Smart authors should publish directly to the Kindle and cut out the publisher's profit entirely.  You DO realize this is coming?  I can't wait for the day!
0783225733|5.0|This is a fabulous movie! It is impossible to find in stores but it was a must have for my daughter who aspires to become an astronaut! She loved it!
B000W7JWUA|4.0|A friend recommended this game, so I purchased without ever playing before.  The game has an online instruction site that was very helpful.  So, once we got ready to play, I felt comfortable explaining the rules to my family.  The game is for 10 year olds and up - but I found my seven year old daughter had no problem playing the game - although her trades of cards were sometimes irrational.  Lots of talking and laughing during the game so good as a family activity.  I would have given it five stars, but the hexagon board pieces are prone to moving during the game, so I may glue the frame to a piece of wood or carboard to make the game more robust for family play.  All in all - a good value for your entertainment dollar.  We played the game three times the first week we owned it.
B001F290E4|4.0|Great Music, the CD was in great condition. This item was listed as new but the shrink wrap on the case did not appear to be from the factory.
B000FDEUFS|5.0|The Allman Brothers Band originally released Eat A Peach about four months after Duane Allman was killed in Macon, Georgia when a commercial truck made a left turn in front of his Harley-Davidson Sportster motorcycle on October 29, 1971.<br /><br />The double-album was \\"Dedicated to a Brother\\" and included songs recorded by the band after the accident, recent studio recordings made with Duane before, and unreleased live performances with Duane from the Fillmore East.<br /><br />This 2-disc Deluxe Edition of [[ASIN:B000FDEUFS Eat a Peach]] (2006) features an updated digital remastering of that original album plus the ABB's show-closing performance at the Fillmore East's final night on June 27, 1971 (owner Bill Graham insisted that they be the final act).<br /><br />The remastering job done by Suha Gur at Universal Mastering Studios on both of these discs is nothing short of perfection. I'm a long-time fan of the Allman Brothers (even back before this album), and have owned Eat A Peach on vinyl, 8-track tape, cassette tape and (including this version) three different editions of the CD. I know this album, and this is definitely the way to go here.<br /><br />The original album is a classic, and essential just on it's own; the 34-minute Mountain Jam (the Allmans at their very best!), One Way Out, Melissa, Ain't Wastin' Time No More, Blue Sky, Stand Back, Les Brers In A Minor, Trouble No More, Little Martha. Great stuff!<br /><br />Every fan of the ABB knows the original Eat A Peach, but most of the material (all but 2 songs) on disc 2 was previously unreleased. The recording also has a special connection with Eat A Peach; the great performance of One Way Out that was a part of this show is the same version that has been on Eat A Peach all of these years (the song is featured in it's rightful place on both discs here, and I'm not complaining!). This performance of Midnight Rider is also on Duane Allman - [[ASIN:B000001FLL An Anthology, Vol. 2]].<br /><br />The June 27, 1971 performance is a good one, too. No, it's not as epic as the At Fillmore East performances from March of 1971 (Mountain Jam and Trouble No More on disc 1 are from those shows), but it's a solid and thoroughly entertaining concert in it's entirety. There's really nothing new as far as the song selection, but it does offer a different performance by the band; and being the last concert ever at the Fillmore East, it has historical significance.<br /><br />The [[ASIN:B000FDEUFS Eat a Peach]] Deluxe Edition package was thoughtfully assembled with care and respect for the legend of the original album, and includes the appropriate cover art and an enjoyable booklet. With the exquisite new digitally remastered sound and final Fillmore East concert disc, this Deluxe Edition of [[ASIN:B000FDEUFS Eat a Peach]] is the one to own.not as epic as the At Fillmore East performances from March of 1971 (Mountain Jam and Trouble No More on disc 1 are from those shows), but it's a solid and thoroughly entertaining concert in it's entirety. There's really nothing new as far as the song selection, but it does offer a different performance by the band; and being the last concert ever at the Fillmore East, it has historical significance.    The [[ASIN:B000FDEUFS Eat a Peach]] Deluxe Edition package was thoughtfully assembled with care and respect for the legend of the original album, and includes the appropriate cover art and an enjoyable booklet. With the exquisite new digitally remastered sound and final Fillmore East concert disc, this Deluxe Edition of [[ASIN:B000FDEUFS Eat a Peach]] is the one to own.
B001TCAT9U|4.0|Although not every song on this album is up to the standards of their smash Violator, the track \\"Wrong\\" has all the haunting sounds and danceable beats that any Depeche Mode fan craves.
B000M0XJ88|5.0|Nice looking and accurate. Could have been more water proof. See through back is fine if you dig that kind of thing.
1416550542|5.0|I loved this book. It took a couple chapters to get into it but oh was it ever worth it. I loved being kept in suspense about Nell. I usually do not like it when an author keeps moving from present time in one chapter to the past in the next chapter but this book was so good I didn't mind.   Amazing events leading to an awesome ending.
B001VPJYZK|1.0|Not much words have to be used. Season 1 was perfection, season 2 was nice. Season 3 got it's old feel back and was almost as great as 1, Season 4 was just between 2 and 3, not really good, but had it's fun moments. And then..... 5 years time.....  The actors don't really seem to enjoy it, life has left the characters and not because they have changed over 5 years. It's all just flat, it's all uninspiring and after about 7 eps. I got so bored, I just struggled to get through the episodes. Part of me still is hoping Season 6 will be as good as it used to...  But to be honest, I think Marc Cherry killed his characters early. Such a shame.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|Pixar Animation Studios latest effort UP has a lot of what audiences have come to expect from their films; Like able and fun characters; And eye-popping animated visuals...That said--UP also has one thing that makes it very unique and different...    Carl Fredricksen (Jeremy Leary) is an introverted little boy who meets an extroverted young girl named Ellie (Elie Docter) Soon they realize that they share a passion for adventures of their hero, famed explorer Charles Muntz (Christopher Plummer). Ellie tells Carl of her dream e to move her clubhouse to Paradise Falls in South America, a promise she makes Carl keep.    As adults Carl (Edward Asner) and Ellie wed in the same house where they first met He makes a living as a toy balloon vendor and she is a zookeeper.    Unable to have children, they try instead to save up for that trip to Paradise Falls. Just as they seem to finally be able to take their trip, Ellie dies of old age, leaving Carl alone, becoming a bitter old man. Soon, the city grows around Carl's house with construction. Carl refuses to move. After confronting a construction worker (Pixar fave John Ratzenberger) over a broken mailbox, the court orders Carl to move into Shady Oaks Retirement Home. He comes up with a scheme to keep his promise to Ellie, and uses his old professional supplies to create a makeshift airship using ten thousand helium balloons which lift his house off its foundations.    Little does he know that Russell, (Jordan Nagai), a Wilderness Explorer trying to earn his \\"Assisting the Elderly\\" badge, has stowed away on the porch after being sent on a l snipe hunt by Carl the day before.    After a storm throws them around for a while, they find themselves across a large ravine facing Paradise Falls. With their body weight providing ballast allowing Carl and Russell to pull the floating house, the two begin to walk around the ravine, hoping to reach the falls while there's still enough helium in the balloons to keep the house afloat...Written and directed by Pete Docter and Bob Peterson, the film will make you laugh cheer and even tug at your emotions a bit--In fact. it's those very adult themes of of loneliness and loss that provided the film's biggest surprise--The trailers for the feature gave absolutely no indication that a film featuring balloons would be--especially in the first half hour so heavy...Nothing wrong with that mind you--just not what I expected from Pixar--And anyone seeing the film with small kids may need to answer some questions afterwards...    Asner an industry legend, is perfect as the voice of Carl....While no one has a voice quite like Plummer....Large birds and mean dogs figure in as well.    UP is a very enjoyabbe trip that in the end--will lift your spirits.
B000WGWQG8|3.0|The discs did not play well in multiple DVD players.  The final show would not get past half way, so I am 30min short from finishing the series.
B001NLL0RW|1.0|let me start by saying I havent read this yet, and I'm sure its as great as all of Rollins' other books....but..what happened to the $9.99 new release Kindle pricing system? This is very expensive for a Kindle book
B001NESPHC|4.0|All the comparisons to Norah Jones are somewhat valid on this exceptional new recording, except that its actually better than Norah Jones, and seems to understand the genre of jazz and blues far better than Jones ever did. If comparisons must be made, the closest thing to this would be Nina Simone - but while Simone is a great interpreter, Gardot is more of a singer-songwriter - and a sophisticated one at that.<br /><br />It often makes sense to head to Amazon France and check out their Top 100 - the English releases that make that list are almost always a cut above the usual (it was there that I initially discovered Diana Krall, for example) and obscure releases such as PJ Harvey's new one, or the underrated Susheela Raman record, often make their Top 10. That was also how I glimpsed first upon Gardots' new album, and its a good thing I did - this is the album of the year in many ways (though I'm more of a rock fan, which means I'm more inclined to the DMB school of thought).<br /><br />All of these songs are slow burners, but there is often an attempt at bossanova, which works in a Burt Bacharach-reminiscent context, evoking the best of Sergio Mendes and Brasil '66. The latter, especially. On the face of it, this is a quiet group of jazz love songs with some superb instrumentation. But the driving force is that voice - a rasp thats somewhere between Norah Jones, Ani DiFranco, and Ella Fitzgerald. If any of those above songstresses are ones that you like, this album will work for you.<br /><br />Four and a Half Stars. The only downside is the somewhat sloppy production (this is definitely a CD where MP3 rips do not do it justice). The Jazz and Blues highlight of the year.
B000UX6THK|5.0|This is exactly what I was looking for.  The pilot episode, U.S. and European versions, all 29 episodes and extras with David Lynch, Kyle Mac,  a SNL skit with Kyle and other extras.  As a new Twin Peaks Fan (almost twenty years after the fact) I thoroughly enjoy and reconmend this!
0743496736|2.0|The author always goes for the cheap twist at the end.  She assumes she knows how kids feel.  This is a mixed up mess.
B001F0RA4S|2.0|Cunningham is a talented writer and this book is well written so I give it two stars for that. The problem is that the subject matter is painfully boring. I never developed any empathy for the characters, who I found extraordinarily uninteresting. While I was reading this book, I kept thinking why did Cunningham waste his time writing about this. His talents were utterly wasted here. Paul Gehrman, Author, Kaleidoscope
0525478183|5.0|Having the privilege of a night like the first part of this book, It really brought back some childhood memories.  Hot southern nights, minivans, and pranks.  Loved it.
0671027344|2.0|After hearing such great things about this book I gave in and decided to have the first hand experience of finally reading it for myself only to find a great disappointed in the end. Don't get me wrong some parts were in deed interesting but I felt as if the book had no meaning to it, and if it did, it should be more clear to what that meaning is. The ending was quite confusing, the writing was just plain TERRIBLE, no words can describe, and the main character (charlie) wasn't very likable (unless your the type to like EXTREMELY sensitive crybaby's who sulk all the time) The book had some potential at first, but then slowly started going downhill. The only reason I got myself to finish reading it was because I thought it would get interesting again, but of course it didn't.
0142410705|5.0|There is nothing funnier than reading about math geek like me trying to figure out life through equations.
0375842209|5.0|This book kept me up at night, reading until my eyes were too heavy to fight. Read it. Inspiring and beautiful.
B001UDYI9K|5.0|Eric Woolfson really captures the old days in this album. That magic in his voice that gave life to Eye In The sky, Time... it's amazing Eric's voice is the same great voice!!!  Really a pleasure listen to songs that are Alan Parsons Project, specially Rumours Going Around, GREAT!!!!   I hope that he comes back again soon, with some so worderful like it.  Well done Eric!
0756405890|1.0|This was very slow moving without a real story line.  He works in a bar and then thinks back about what he did in school.  He is in hiding for some reason and he kills some people.  That is about it.
0385340575|5.0|I loved this book. This one had a better mystery at the heart of it than some of his most recent ones.
B001TK3XO0|5.0|Every American woman should read this book!  The strength of the female characters in this book is amazing.  This book makes my heart heavy but it also inspires me as a woman and I am so grateful to be a woman living in the United Statees.
B001TH16DI|4.0|It's a very good series to have. The quality is fine as far as I'm concerned, but I don't watch it to find faults unless they are blatantly obvious. There is only one disperity I noticed in the Wrath of Kahn where it seems a segment was cut out of the movie, it seems to jump scenes. Other then that it was fine. I have only watched the first 4 of the movies, 2 to go, but I think it was well worth the purchase.
B001RTP3Z0|4.0|Being a Leonard Cohen fan I found this recording excellent. The sound quality was excellent, his backup band and singers superb. Leonard maybe 75 years old but he did a phenominal job. My only one complaint would be it was filmed in Blu-ray, but still over all, an excellent dvd to add to your music collection if your a Leonard fan.
B001NFNFNA|4.0|Clint Eastwoods' dark, almost gothic interpretation of historical source material in \\"Changeling\\" is audacious both in its' devotion to fact and its' insistence on telling three stories at once. Both these techniques work, to a degree, resulting in a rich production that seems unfairly neglected during the 2009 Awards Season. Typically, this is exactly the sort of critical epic that would win over art-house audiences and keep historians busy for days, but it almost thoroughly sacrifices any attempt at commercial success - a point made more evident by the sombre, almost dreamlike pace at which the film unfolds.<br /><br />At the center of this true story is Christine Collins, who forms both the focal point and the driving force for the entire motion picture. Ably portrayed by Jolie, the performance is decidedly one-note (there are only so many times one can hear \\"I want MY son back!\\" before it renders itself insipid), but the lead actress works hard to invest the role with the exact amount of fortitude, defiance and grit. As in any 'actress-driven' role, Eastwood gives her much material - a courtroom scene, the gratuitous mental asylum scene, and of course the beautifully lit scenes where we are reminded that Collins is indeed played by Jolie (here almost white-faced with foundation and an omnipresent red lip-color).<br /><br />The supporting actors are in turn the perfect foil for Jolie's spirited performance. John Malkovich uses his oft-practiced slow-speech phonetic mechanism to infuse his character with both charm and humor. He represents perhaps the films' only positive male role model, as the rest of the movie goes on to label all male institutions as intrinsically flawed and even evil. The interconnected storylines - the quest for a serial killer, the corruption within the police department, and the hunt for a missing child, are all perfectly balanced with the standout storyline - the insistence by a parent that their child is not theirs'. Memorable scenes are many - primarily involving Collins being questioned by a psychiatrist (where he effectively employs the reverse questioning mechanism to prove she is in fact insane and a liar), and Collins' final encounter with the man who may have killed her son (another critical high moment for Jolie).<br /><br />Eastwoods' lush 1920s-influenced Jazz score is adequate, with the running motif and background instrumentation all working in its' favor. This is a slice of Americana most moviegoers aren't used to, but the beautiful cinematography falls second to the wondrous script, which interweaves historical data with actual courtroom transcripts. A reviewer once said that 'theres something here for everyone', and that is in part true. But \\"Changeling\\" is a demanding motion picture, when it heats up its almost breathless in its velocity, but for the most part it is quiet and sedentary, relying primarily on dialogue to drive the story forward.<br /><br />Clint Eastwood has made a few better films, but this is easily one of his most accomplished achievements. For once, Jolie looks thoroughly absorbed in her role (the last time we witnessed her like this was on \\"Beyond Borders\\" from many years ago), but the only downside is that her star is far bigger than the character she is playing. If ever, the film shows us that the world in 1928 was perhaps just as bad, if worse, than the current world we're living in. Whether or not that brings you comfort, \\"Changeling\\" is a challenging, engrossing film that surprisingly stands up on repeated viewing.<br /><br />Four and a Half Stars.y involving Collins being questioned by a psychiatrist (where he effectively employs the reverse questioning mechanism to prove she is in fact insane and a liar), and Collins' final encounter with the man who may have killed her son (another critical high moment for Jolie).    Eastwoods' lush 1920s-influenced Jazz score is adequate, with the running motif and background instrumentation all working in its' favor. This is a slice of Americana most moviegoers aren't used to, but the beautiful cinematography falls second to the wondrous script, which interweaves historical data with actual courtroom transcripts. A reviewer once said that 'theres something here for everyone', and that is in part true. But \\"Changeling\\" is a demanding motion picture, when it heats up its almost breathless in its velocity, but for the most part it is quiet and sedentary, relying primarily on dialogue to drive the story forward.    Clint Eastwood has made a few better films, but this is easily one of his most accomplished achievements. For once, Jolie looks thoroughly absorbed in her role (the last time we witnessed her like this was on \\"Beyond Borders\\" from many years ago), but the only downside is that her star is far bigger than the character she is playing. If ever, the film shows us that the world in 1928 was perhaps just as bad, if worse, than the current world we're living in. Whether or not that brings you comfort, \\"Changeling\\" is a challenging, engrossing film that surprisingly stands up on repeated viewing.    Four and a Half Stars.
B00204AA0O|5.0|Regina is a unique artist with a quirky slant to her lyrics and acrobatic approach to vocals.....this is a great record....I was worried it would be over produced or too smooth (when I heard Lynne was involved...although I love his work I didn't think he would fit Regina)....How wrong I was....enjoy this CD....its a long term investment...this is a classic album in every sense of the word.  Plus she is beautiful...what more could you ask for?!!!
B00180R06I|4.0|\\"Vampyr\\" is virtually unknown even in this day and age (and Criterions' hideous price-tag will not do this title any favors in the sales department either), and it is ironic that despite being made between the late 1920s and early 1930s, this remains more than just an art-house artifact - this is a full blown horror film, relying on cinematography and minimal dialogue to create an air of myth and suspense.<br /><br />One could argue that the Danish director plunged into his Scandinavian folklore roots to draft some of the more chilling segments of this film. To be fair, it does not travel down the 'Dracula' route, though the storylines do merge every so often. The lead actor is filmed as though in some sort of hallucinatory trance, and the entire film, from beginning to end, is bathed in unnaturally brilliant light - seriously, every frame could be a postcard (to Transylvania perhaps), but its all very beautiful, gorgeously pictured, and one wonders if much of these camera-shots were intentionally done that way.<br /><br />If you are looking for a comparison to this, be surprised with my recommendation - the closest film to this is \\"Shadow of the Vampire\\", an obscure vampire film from a decade ago starring Willem Dafoe in his best film role (this film is still unknown, despite being widely available in all formats). The same atmosphere of doom and gloom permeate both films, and while \\"Vampyr\\" does not harbor any dramatic effects or script like the classic \\"Dracula\\" starring Keanu Reeves & Winona Ryder, it is very much a rare and unique animal all its' own.<br /><br />Criterions' transfer is bewildering because despite the obvious clean-up of source material, the print is decidedly old and haggard in places. I guess theres only so much they could clean up. The packaging however, makes up for it. Get this if you are interested in a different sort of vampire film, one that is almost trance-like and all atmosphere. Its not very commercial in any sense of the word, and its' experimental overtones may be a bit 'boring' for modern film viewers, but if you at all enjoy artistic cinema with a penchant for classic horror, this is exactly the kind of film you should purchase. I saw this years ago and still can't forget it.<br /><br />Four and a Half Stars.es may be a bit 'boring' for modern film viewers, but if you at all enjoy artistic cinema with a penchant for classic horror, this is exactly the kind of film you should purchase. I saw this years ago and still can't forget it.    Four and a Half Stars.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Ok, I'm hooked!  At first I was a little uncertain with all the sex stuff and language, but after the second episode who notices all that.  This is really a fun series to watch (so much that I had to order HBO for season 2).  My daughter thinks Eric is the best.  I see a lot of the \\"other series\\" here, but we are hooked on that too.
B00003CWNR|2.0|This movie left me thinking that the plot was to lead the viewer to believe that the young man had no future except to follow in the old doctor's footsteps, return to the orphange and perform abortions.  I am thowing the DVD away.
0790729628|3.0|I loved the move. Just a little skip in the middle.  Wish it didn't have that.
0812550706|5.0|One of my all time favorite books. I was drawn Ender's vulnerability and strength. I also loved Ender's shadow.
B00005JLR8|5.0|One of the most deeply-felt and moving films of our time.  It is about being an alien and loving one's children.  It is one of my all-time favorites, and I have sent copies to my daughters.
0812975219|5.0|This book is awesome. The author, Taleb, is focusing his theory primarily on the stock market but it can also be viewed through every aspect of ones life. Great book.
B001UE276A|5.0|Whether you're an ole dedicated fan or recently hopped on the frequency wave, this box set is a 'must have' for your collection.  It is an infinite evolution of Depeche Mode's musical artistry.  I've had it playing as the soundtrack of my life since it arrived fresh in the box from Amazon.  Whether I'm painting, rushing to see them live in Milan, or taking a ride with my best friend, their words have become mantras and forever inspiring.  Owning the box set is like sharing a part of the vibration.
0375842209|4.0|This has been reviewed well enough in these pages that I will not go too deeply into it.    It is a very good book.  The language is beautiful, the use of foreshadowing and introduction of characters and themes are very expertly done.  Use of death as the narrator extremely novel and interesting and it works.  It deals with a very difficult and much mined territory very effectively in an absolutely new and interesting way - it is humorous, and profoundly moving.  My only gripe is with its being marketed as a book for kids.  I think it is a book for everyone older than say thirteen.
B0013N3MV2|5.0|this is great!! I love the book and not to mention, the quality is great! It still smells like new book!
B001KVZ6ES|5.0|This movie, Gran Torino, completely held my attention for the entire time it played.  This is Clint Eastwood at his best, both acting and directing.  It seemed as though the movie was going to be predictable when it started and in some ways it was, but there were enough twists and turns in the plot that the way it ended was not what I expected.  His character, Walt's, Detroit neighborhood is changing along with the world and he isn't.  I winced at some of the politically incorrect humor and remarks that came out of his mouth, but felt a sadness for him, being all alone in the world after his wife's death an his sons being emotionally distant and involved in their own lives.<br /><br />Nonetheless, Walt was portrayed as a strong man in spite of his age and his points of view.  He is a likable character even though at the beginning of the movie none of the main characters like each other.  As the movie goes on you begin to see a building of respect and understanding among them.<br /><br />This is one of those movies that I'll think about and remember for a long time.  There is a lesson to be learned here.  Two thumbs up!
1883217040|5.0|I received the book about 20 days before the estimated date of delivery. And I'm from Rome, so the book had to travel across the ocean to come until Colosseo!! The book is perfect, so cute in its black dress. I can't believe it is possible to buy something being so far from the shop, even if it is a web shop... I'll buy other books this way, surely I'm going to!
B001VDZD5M|5.0|I love the premise of this series.  You can never get tired of watching these same movies over and over again.
B00003CXB4|5.0|This item was purchased used but in excellent condition. Never would have known it had been previously opened. My son loves the Lion King and watches it at least three times a week; so this DVD will get good use. Two thumbs up!
B0012GVKVY|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies, I had seen it before on cable but unfortunately I did not get the chance to see it on the big screen. In which now that I think about it would have made the experience much better than watching it on cable TV, but Thanks to blu-ray and my HD TV I feel like I have received much much more. In addition Amazon delivered my package on time and with no problems.
B00006RIO7|5.0|Chicago soundtrack is non-stop fun. Who knew Catherine Zeta-Jones and Renee Zellweger could sing?! Cell Block Tango, All That Jazz, Roxie, I Move On, and Funny Honey are my favorite cuts here. I really enjoyed every second of the feature film, and the soundtrack is to die for. I highly recommend it!
B001AQWC2C|2.0|I dont know how anyone who claims to be a true metal fan can like this crap, I have been priest fan for ages, seen them live (one of the best concerts ever) and could not wait to hear this album. What a waist of money, This album has some of the cheesiest lyrics I have ever heard and the lamest systhesized music ever. This just goes to show why bands that ran out of good ideas a long time ago need to hang it up! (Metallica, Preist, Iron Maiden, ect.) Don't waist you hard earnd cash on this junk.
B0013FSL3E|3.0|Wall-E is a cute flick but I think kids would have a difficult time following the storyline but maybe this film is for an older crowd. Wall-E is charming but I kind of lost interest halfway through, maybe I am not intelluctual enough or something. This animated film is a mixed bag for me.
B001TODCII|1.0|What a TYPICALLY SHALLOW AND PREDICTBLY SCRIPTED P.O.S. I HAVE SEEN AND REVIEWED MANY HUNDREDS OF MOVIES. THIS MOVIE IS NOT WORTH THE POPCORN AND DRINK PRICE TO SEE IT. VERY DISAPOINTING.DONT SEE FOR YOUR SELVES!!!
B001EN71CW|5.0|On my Panasonic Plasma television, you can definitely see a marked improvement over the original dvd's resolution, though not a dramatic one for the most part.  Scenes involving a lot of light and tight focus are of course best suited to the high-def transfer.  The sound, on the other hand, is WAYYYYY better! The additional commentary on \\"Our Mrs. Reynolds\\" as well as the lunch discussion with the cast members and Joss Whedon is almost worth the price of admission.  If you have a great sound system and television, get it.  Otherwise, the dvd will suit you just fine and at half the price :)
B002AR9YPI|5.0|Grizzly Bear's Veckatimest is the best album I've heard in 2009 and it's going to be hard to beat. It's so excruciatingly beautiful I don't know whether I should laugh from happiness or cry about it.    Artistically Veckatimest is top notch. You can tell every second of every song was labored over. Every member of Grizzly Bear is so talented musically and the four part harmony is just otherworldly at times. There are multiple layers to each song and it takes awhile to hear them all. I certainly haven't heard them all yet. Even though the whole album stays at a middle tempo it's no small feat that it's exciting and complex.    Since the dawn of being able to download music where songs are bought al la carte the art of creating a solid album is a bit lost. It's more about the hit it seems. However, Veckatimest needs to be listened to in its entirety.  Each song has something to offer and it just works together beautifully in its entirety.    However, there are some highlights. \\"Two Weeks\\" is the single and probably the most upbeat song on the album. The flow and harmony is just incredible. \\"Fine for Now\\" climaxes spectacularly! When the symbols come crashing in it will literally take your breath away. \\"Southern Point,\\" \\"Cheerleader,\\" and \\"While You Wait for Others\\" are personal favorites of mine but again I will stress the album needs to be listened to in its entirety.      Also, I had the pleasure of seeing Grizzly Bear and the are even better live.
0440238153|5.0|The Amber Spyglass, along with the two previous books in the series, is the most incredibly beautiful book that I have ever read. While reading this series, I do not think that I have ever cried harder in my life, nor have I smiled any wider. These three books have filled me with the most powerful happiness, and the deepest longing. They have torn my heart apart, and filled me with the deepest sadness and grief, but a sadness that was so beautiful. They caused me to fall so deeply in love, that I thought that I would faint because my heart was so full and the longing within me was so great and so fierce. They are mesmerizing and enchanting, fragile, deep, beautiful, powerful, magical, fierce, wonderful, daring, and thrilling. Yet, these words cannot even describe how I feel, they barely begin to describe these books. Together, these three books are the most incredibly beautiful adventure I have ever experienced. And it is an adventure I shall never, never forget. For it is within me, within my thoughts and my heart and my very being, with every breath that I take. I love these books so fiercely, with every inch of my soul. They are incredible, and deserve to be read over and over, by all. And all deserve to read these books, for they are truly the most special gift. They are full of daring  adventure and magic, love, beauty, worlds within worlds, action, courage, bravery, strength, compassion, fantastical beings, other worlds, destiny, innocence, knowledge, and wisdom.   If you have not read this series, please, you must!     So far, I have read this series twice, but only because it is so intense and so deep and incredible and beautiful that to read it is such a huge event, one that takes so much out of me and fills me with the deepest longing I have ever known. However, if I could, I would read this series over and over again, until every word would be ingrained within my being. It is so special and has changed my life so deeply.     It was so important for me towrite this, because I love these books so much, and I want everyone to know how incredible they truly are. You must understand that these books are no longer books for me, they are so deeply alive, and so much apart of my life. They are worlds that exist, that can be felt and entered and explored. The characters are within me and around me, and they are some of the deepest loves of my life. These are not just books, they are adventures into other realms. I love them so much!     P.S. The religious aspect of the book is very, very interesting, and very important to the story. The fact that some people are criticizing and denouncing the book for this aspect is so silly! It is actually very beautiful.     The main reason why this series is so incredibly beautiful is that it is about the journey of two children, and their strength and courage and determination and love throughout their entire adventure. You watch them grow and struggle and prevail, and you fall in love with them so deeply and so completely.     - Love, Malia.
B000RZIGVS|3.0|If you just want to watch the series this is perfect for you. It has all 7 seasons in one fairly small container, plus bonus material. My only complaint is that the packaging is fragile and a lot of the casing came broken in the mail. It doesn't effect how the DVDs play though. It's just a bummer that there are all these little plastic pieces everywhere.  The other thing is that the DVDs haven't been altered at all, so the film quality is the same as it once back in the late 80s / early 90s. It can take some getting use to.  The series is of course excellent, and watching the whole through is a must for fans of every variety. Plus there is bonus material on the last disc of each season.
B0007TKNII|5.0|Sensual is about the only word I can use to describe this movie.  The characters, their voices, the music are phenominal. One would like to see the phantom get the woman in this movie.  He is extremely handsome, even with his mask off.  His voice belts out in such a husky sexy tone, it's difficult to not like him.  I would recommend this movie to everyone.  Love it, love it, love it.
B000HCO83Q|4.0|A  computer-generated images festival?  Yeah, basically that's what this movie was.....and I'm not complaining!  It was great eye candy, just one great-looking scene after scene.     It featured wild-looking characters with comic-book action scenes and supernatural feats by a variety of characters, all of whom had special powers......but you know that. If you watched this film, you probably saw the ones that came before it.    Seeing the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco come apart and be transported to Alcatraz was very cool and a highlight of this special-effects.  As usual, the old men, played by Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen, were the best characters..    Was the film entertaining? Yes, and I hear this Blu-Ray transfer is really good, so I'm looking forward to getting that.  Actually, the box set of all three \\"X\\" films looks like the best deal, since reviews indicate they're all outstanding in high-definition.
B0000TAZBK|5.0|Horner is a new person in soundtrack composing, but I think he described with sounds exactly what Tolkien means about all scenes in his book \\"the lord of the rings\\", as also did Jackson with the direction of the movies. Tolkien was not so easy to understand sometimes for me, now I know more than I could believe, I understand all the people and their stories in this wonderfull saga. Thank You to the good e-seller for the good price I bought the package, this was a great idea too: a special price for a special movie trilogy. Thank You again Veronica
B000AYELVA|4.0|Special-effects and terrific 5.1 surround sound are the highlights of this science fiction film. And what highlights they are - tremendous in both categories, at least for 2000 when this film and DVD came out. At the time, they were the best special-effects I had ever seen, but strides are being made so fast in that category that every few years we movie fans are stunned at something new we see. Still, this DVD holds up.    Audio-wise, the rear speakers come into to play as well as any movie I've heard.    As for the story, it is a simple good guys-trying-to-get-the-bad guys fare. It's pure escapist fun made so with tons of sci-fi effects. The characters aren't particularly involving, either the \\"good\\"  or the \\"bad.\\" The two leads, played by Hugh Jackman and Anna Paquin, should have had us more interested in them, but didn't.   Jackman's \\"Logan/ Wolverine\\" always seemed to be pouting and angry.  (He got more personality as this series continued.)    For me and most males, Rebecca Romjin-Stamos was a treat for the eyes. Her outfit was something to behold.    If profanity bothers you, the film was very good in that department, too, as there was very little. Obviously, this film was popular enough to spawn multiple sequels.  Now that all three \\"X\\" films are out in a packaged Blu-Ray box set which, I've heard, looks and sounds fantastic, that's my next step.
B001GM28HO|5.0|Great dance songs...with some catchy hooks.  Even a few songs you wouldn't expect from Ms. G ...
B000AYELVU|4.0|Since the first movie, \\"X-Men,\\" was famous for its great special effects, this sequel knew enough to deliver the same kind of eye-popping effects to please its fans....and it did! There are absolutely tons of stunning special effects, both visually and audibly. All of that means very few lulls in this 134-minute film.    Having said that, I do think the film actually needed some lulls. At over two hours of pretty intense action, it needed more breaks. Either that, or shorten the story.    Rebecca Romjin-Stamos, in her skin-tight outfit, is still a feast for us male eyes and Halle Berry and Famke Jannson aren't bad, either! Other familiar names from the first film are still here, such as Patrick Stewart, Hugh Jackman, Anna Pacquin and Ian McKellan.    It's a pretty interesting story and  - all-in all,  if you liked the first film, you'll like this, (and you'll love the third installment!).
B002CGPI3O|5.0|SO different than \\"Last Night\\"! It falls more on the line of \\"18\\", but it's just *beautiful*. It's one of the best albums to just sit down and relax and unwind. \\"Pale Horses\\" is just a fantastic and peaceful track. Beautiful on a rainy day when you want to contemplate the world.
0439023483|5.0|This book was great. The author really pulls you into the story and feelings of the characters. I already pre-ordered the next book.
0307266303|5.0|The more I read this book, the more I got excited. I have to say: It is a terrific book and everyone should read it.     It's entertaining, it's amusing, and it's informative; delivering information about people, running, the shoe industry and our feet that everyone who has ever laced a running shoe needs to read. Indirectly, it contains valuable analogies to other aspects of our lives as well.     Highly recommended.
015206396X|4.0|This book was great. I really enjoyed it and hope that there are more to come.
B002DQHQQU|5.0|Great! A well recorded, confident, understated collection.<br />Country Disappeared should be our new USA anthem, and Everlasting Everything is a beautiful song, with a Neil Young \\"Harvest\\" vibe, and<br />a perfect chord progression. A great album. Warning: Do not listen<br />to Bull Black Nova if you have had too much coffee and have knives around.<br />Thanks to Jeff and the guys.
B001WCBPCW|3.0|Just listened to it straight through on my commute, and felt that the record blossoms half way through. They should have dinner at Ray Davies' house more often. If the record was done as a Rock record, without an eye to clubland, than it could be a modern classic, but drums stopping where they wouldn't normally; guitars stop strumming where they wouldn't normally if a Rock player was playing them. I wish these guys the best, but stop second-guessing the artiness, and just play the bed tracks as a Rock ensemble and produce it ala - Sticky Fingers. Steady on...
B001IMFHVG|5.0|Rubinstein's prime years lasted, in my opinion, roughly from the the mid 1940s to the mid 1960s, so this concert falls near the end of that time.  (Of course, even into the 1970s he remained formidable technically, and he never lost any of his natural charisma.)      The first piece on the program may be the most powerful performance of Chopin's F-sharp minor Polonaise on record.  His octaves (which Rubinstein was not particularly known for) are clean and strong; his fingerwork (particularly the left hand runs) snaps like a cobra, never forcing him to 'stretch' the rhythm; and most importantly his natural yet steely rhythmic spine never wavers.  The performance is absolutely compelling.    After that, the Impromptu evolves in the natural, easy, logically breathing way which only Rubinstein could evoke.    The Sonata, too, is absolutely compelling.  No one attacks the 1st movement's coda the way he does.  Some no dount dismiss his approach here as bombast, all temprament and no reason or control.  I believe that criticism is ridiculous.  He leads up to it logically and continues after it logically, directly into the scherzo movement, so that this coda becomes one of a series of climactic moments which are one thread tieing the piece together.  Unfortunately, at the end of the exposition of the scherzo movement, he starts playing the recapitulation instead and ends up completely lost in a memory slip from which he must improvise his way to the begining of the trio.  But then he cuts back to the chomatic double 4ths and tries it again, and forgets it even worse than the first time!  This is a huge lapse, and I cannot say that it doesn't detract from the overall impact of the performance.  For me, though, it does not ruin it.  His Funeral March movement has all the rhetorical power and grand sweep of the Rubinstein manner, full of sentiment but without sentimentality, as he himself once wrote.  And in the finale, the 77 year old man is a technical marvel, fingers as assured as Richter's, pedaling but never smudging, leading, logically as always, to the final shocking B-flat minor chord.    The second half begins with the Barcarolle, and I believe it stands with the F-sharp minor Polonaise as among the most powerful performances on record.  The Rubinstein rhythmic spine is still there, though slightly more limpid, as the piece demands, and he stretches it beautifully in the coda to make the most of the harmonic disonances.  His trills in double 3rds are as liquid silver, and the overall, natural breathing quality is always there.    The Nocturne and A minor waltz have exactly those same qualities.  They are uncomplicated and beautifully played, without the least rhetorical mannerism.      The same goes for the three Etudes.  Unfortunately, the last one, Op. 10 no. 4, is the only piece in the whole program in which we never see a shot of his hands.  It is overpowering in its sheer masculine sweep and rhythmic drive.    As he begins with a Polonaise, so he ends with one: the famous A-flat.  It is much as his other performances of it: big and noble.  He does not strive for any subltlety here as he does elsewhere, and he does not need to.      The encores are fantastic as well.  In particular the Chopin waltz, with the ascending right hand scales extended an extra octave (though kept strictly in time), is marvelous and fun.    Anyone who appreciates what Rubinstein had to offer as a musician and pianist will love this concert.
B001FB55MG|4.0|The movie was awesome.  My kids loved it.  The only issues I had was that when the movie was playing the disc would skip, and stop all of the sudden.  There are a couple of marks on the disc after looking at it closer.  Other than that.
1400077834|5.0|Edgar Sawtelle is complex and very well written.  Although it is dark, I could not put it down.  The description of the dogs' training and Edgar's flight from home is fascinating and compelling.  I will read this book again.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|We needed a new game to play with our grown children and friends when they visit, or when we are together at Beach Week.  \\"Sorry\\" and \\"Uno\\" are great, but lack variety.  The trivia games seem to favor one or another generation to the detriment of the others....       The Settlers of Catan seems to fill the bill!   It is easy to learn (especially with the on-line tutorial).  It offers remarkable variability from game to game. The length of the game is good, it doesn't drag on and on if you seem to be not doing well, and fortunes can change in an instant.    We would recommend this for teens to adults and mixed groups.
0307454541|4.0|The Girl with ... is well-written.  The two story lines are nicely separated, although I found the financial line a bit confusing.  Some scenes in the book describe disturbing sexual images.  The \\"murder mystery\\" is particularly fascinating.  The book provides an opportunity to learn some about the Swedish people and the geography of the country.
0060594896|4.0|I am in the midst of reading The Success Principles for a second time.  There is just so much information to absorb, I recommend reading it straight through first and then \\"chunking it down\\" into smaller parts..I find the information Jack provides to be highly practical.  It's making a difference in my life.
190669415X|5.0|Fantastic follow up to the Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.  The character of Salander is one of my most favorites of all time. Buy it! Read it! Enjoy !<br /><br />PS: Read Girl With the Dragon Tattoo first
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Exceptional, incredibles images, very well narrated, n instant classic documental. After you see it you can see over again, one of the best purchase i aver made.
B000M4RG42|5.0|To take the battle of Iwo Jima and show how that war, that turning point, maybe not, that dramatic apocalypse, for sure, of the Second World War, American side, is a pure illustration of what an apocalypse is: a revelation. Clint Eastwood with his Steven Spielberg accomplice demonstrate that revelation and its secret content. The kids who are sent to a war, any war, all wars, are no heroes whatsoever and in any way but they are the flesh and dough of the cannons of the enemy, or rather the other side. And they even have to lie and play heroes to get the dough the government needs to continue and finish that war. Those heroes are associated to flags and the raising of flags on a pile of ruins to show and inspire victory, be it in Iwo Jima, Berlin or Hiroshima. Heroes are fabricated for the sole reason that they are needed to go on with the lucrative and politically essential war, on any side of the conflict. For one flag, and in this conflict hardly more than half a dozen flags for fifty five million dead. That makes each star on  the flags, when these flags have stars, quite expensive. There is no clean war, there is no un-staged war, there is no just war. There is only war, war horror and staging the horror to make it palatable to those who do not live it, have not lived it, do not remember it. And some invent a duty to remember, an obligation to keep in mind, even when we are two or three or more generations after the conflict and we do not have direct witnesses to speak of it any more, and their word is only their word modified by time, propaganda, celebrations and simply the desire to forget. There is no obligation to remember, even if there is an obligation to make, not only permit them to, historians go on with their work and try to reconstruct what has disappeared forever anyway. In fact a poet could be more effective in that direction than a historian who is paid for his work and tends to follow the trend of whoever pays him, be they publishers or politicians, or committed associations on one side or the other of the many rivers that run through historical time. Clint Eastwood and Steven Spielberg do a marvelous work along that line.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGIDs, or committed associations on one side or the other of the many rivers that run through historical time. Clint Eastwood and Steven Spielberg do a marvelous work along that line.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
B00001ODGR|5.0|This is one hell of a concert! it's a little theatrical in feel and delivers track after track of Styx best and years later they sound just as good. The sound quaility is fantastic if you're using 5.1. If you want a trip down memory lane at speed this is a must have.
B00000ING2|5.0|The Coen Brothers had to go to the Wall of lamentations of Hollywood and remake Orson Welles' \\"Citizen Kane\\". How can you inherit the greatest fortune in the world and know about it when you are going to hit the sidewalk falling from the fifty-fifth or fifty-fourth floor, according to you counting or not the mezzanine.<br /><br />At this moment your life is suspended in mid air by one blonde hair of your ideal love affair, or love targeted prey, ,and that hair is the broom stick of a black janitor, which is niggardly indeed, and the denture of an old spook who refuses innovation in stock exchange managing. The whole film is a hoopla about nothing, a hula hoop or a budsucker straw.<br /><br />The whole film revolve around a conception of the press that is quite Kanesque, scandal, hidden secrets, false accusations and true insinuations, in one word pulp pulp and pulp again. And the newly made rich man is living his accident - becoming rich out of no logic - as if it were natural and did not require any thinking, pondering and brain exploration if not surgery, like in some cuckoo's nest of fame.<br /><br />And it even ends up with a marriage. Isn't it funny? Are the Coen Brothers growing romantic? Probably not, but sentimentally sarcastic for sure.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B001QTXM5Y|3.0|Let me start by saying that just because I had previously read and enjoyed the graphic novel doesn't mean that I'm against the movie because you have to realize that things must be changed in order to move from one medium to another.    The Goods:  Jackie Earle Haley- Haley is the standout of this movie, capturing the spirit and characterization of Rorschach and wonderfully presenting his own interpretation.  Fans of the character will be happy with the onscreen Rorschach, Haley bring some new to the already familiar.  Depending on the rest of the movies coming out this year and following the win of Heath Ledger, an Academy Award nomination for Haley's performance may not be out of the question.    The Opening Credits- Set in an alternate future/present, director Zack Snyder needed to inform the audience of just what kind of alternate reality to expect.  Cue the opening credits, a beautiful montage of scenes covering information that movie wouldn't cover from the graphic novel.  By far this was my favorite part of the movie.    Jeffrey Dean Morgan- In a small, but pivotal role, Morgan takes on The Comedian.  Seeing the world as a cruel, sick joke, The Comedian takes it upon himself to deliver the punchlines that nobody asked for.  Morgan takes this role and makes it into a character you either love hating or hate to love.    The Okays:  The Ending- Without spoiling anything, the ending works, but could have been better.  The graphic novel ending worked because of the events leading up to it and with exclusion of such information, the ending had to be changed.  The new ending made sense with the direction of the movie, but one could argue that it was a cop-out and another choice could have been made.    Billy Crudup- As Jon Osterman, more commonly known by his hero name Doctor Manhattan, is the only character with powers.  Presented as a character that lacks human emotion, Crudup does well.  Unfortunately nothing new is brought to the character, leaving a see throughpersonality that gets little to no depth despite having his own back story.    The Bads:  Malin Akerman- Stealing the show in a negative way, Akerman is in the movie for no other reason than to have people look at.  After a string of movies that gloss over her role, she now takes on a central character, doing a horrible job.  In terms of the acting, I can safely say she is the worst part.    The Soundtrack- The soundtrack itself is great if listened to on its own, but when played over the movie it becomes atrocious.  One could make the argument that the songs fit perfectly within the movie, but it seems like the songs fit the movie too well, turning good songs and good scenes into cringe worthy segments of cheesiness.    The Direction- When I first heard that Zack Snyder was taking on the directing duties I knew one thing for sure, Snyder would do his best to make the movie as close to the source material as he possibly could.  While most times this is what the fans want, it more or less backfired for Watchmen.  Snyder took the script and then added in as much of the small background information as he could, whether or not there were any in text acknowledgement of the subjects at hand.  The primary example is the existence of Bubastis, the pet of one of the characters.  Because of the change in the ending and the antagonist's motivations, the creature has no relevance or explanation of why it's in the movie to begin with.    All in all the subject says it all: I feel that there's more bad than there is good, but it's probably the best adaptation one could hope for.  Many people will love it for a fun go-to movie for a good time, others will hated it because of the little things.  Overall it isn't a bad movie, but not something every fan of the graphic novel would love either.    My grade: 3.5/5
0060168366|4.0|It would've been nice to know what edition this was but it wasn't particularly important this time. It was in good shape like they said but not quite as good as I expected; the top corner was bent pretty far. It came on time and overall I am pleased with it.
B000UAFDP2|4.0|The Blu-Ray is beautiful and would get a 5 star  rating were the movie better than a guilty pleasure.    The movie is a gore-fest with only Michael Ironside providing a good performance.  That said it is a cult classic and, as I said, the Blu-Ray pops and my theater setup provided DTS HD-Master Audio, which provided great sound.
B00297FEUS|2.0|I was looking forward to hearing this remaster ever since I heard it was being released. Imagine my disappointment when I popped this in my stereo and heard no disearnable difference between the new \\"remastered\\" version and the original. If it wasn't for the excellent second disc of extra tracks (that sounds more remastered than the first disc), I would have asked for a full refund. I can only recommend this release to anyone who wants the second disc.
068485743X|4.0|I am a technical writer and always trying to improve my writing and editing skills. This book is an excellent reminder of what to do and what not to do when we write. Most of it is common sense, but most of us need to be reminded when we get lazy!
1401302378|4.0|Dubbed by editor-in-chief of Wired Magazine , the Long Tail is<br /><br />\\"The theory of the Long Tail is that our culture and economy is increasingly shifting away from a focus on a relatively small number of \\"hits\\" (mainstream products and markets) at the head of the demand curve and toward a huge number of niches in the tail. As the costs of production and distribution fall, especially online, there is now less need to lump products and consumers into one-size-fits-all containers. In an era without the constraints of physical shelf space and other bottlenecks of distribution, narrowly-targeted goods and services can be as economically attractive as mainstream fare.\\"<br /><br />Anderson discusses how, in today's society, how and why traditional \\"brick and mortar\\" outlets are losing ground to online retail. On the surface, the Long Tail is about how it is easier to buy hard-to-find items on the internet. But Anderson digs deep to analyze why. He uses Amazon, Netflix, and Rhapsody as examples.<br /><br />With physical stores, there is limited shelf space. So Wal-Mart and Best Buy can only stock CDs that their customers will buy. Looking online, however, Anderson has discovered that all CDs sell. It is not worth it for Wal-Mart to carry an obscure CD because the chances are high that it will merely sit on the shelf collecting dust. From the \\"brick and mortar\\" aspect, it is vying for shelf space with commercial artists, like Britney Spears and the Cheetah Girls.<br /><br />On the other hand, 20% of Amazon's sales are from books which sell 10 or less copies. There is a market out there, its just so small that the economies dictate that physical stores not carry them. Even more astounding is the fact that with online music services such as iTunes and Rhapsody, where there is no \\"physical\\" song and its all just bytes or whatnot, there are no carrying costs, so the gamut runs wider and longer on what's offered. This is why companies that offer more will be successful, even if each product only sells a few units.<br /><br />I enjoyed Anderson's writing style. He fairly presented both sides, and in addition, interviewed many companies to get different interpretations and perspectives. It is intelligent, without snobbery or pretense, which I applaud, and therefore highly recommend this book.a few units.     I enjoyed Anderson's writing style. He fairly presented both sides, and in addition, interviewed many companies to get different interpretations and perspectives. It is intelligent, without snobbery or pretense, which I applaud, and therefore highly recommend this book.
B001NFNFNU|5.0|This was a terrific flick with mystery, police corruption, lost children, and historical accuracy.<br /><br />You will truly feel for the mother in this book, crying along with her as the police ruin her life, which has already been wrecked by her son going missing. This movie accurately shows the attitudes toward women in that time period. Women were considered unstable and to emotional to be of any real value. The corrupt police department preyed on that viewpoint.<br /><br />There are scenes that will make you gasp, ones that will make you cry, and others that will make you want to cheer.<br /><br />Incredible!
B00005JKGZ|4.0|Good performances.  A fun period piece.  A good diversion.  Overall, a solid movie.  I'm not sure how St. Louis looked in 1903, but I'm going to guess that this movie approaches it with rose colored glasses.  The family was solidly upper middle class and real problems were not plaguing them.  But sometimes you want an escapist movie and you get this with this movie.  I'm also a sucker for 'main street USA' movies set around 1900.  Pollyanna, Two Weeks with Love (Ricardo Mantalbon, Debbie Reynolds, hard to find, but very good).  etc...
B0026J8LHM|5.0|Ok, so, still not great, BUT, most definitely the best since Train of Thought.  I actually heard some really good original material here this time, unlike the triteness of Systematic Chaos, and Octavarium for that matter.      So let's start with the positives, as for the first time in a long time, the positives outweigh the negatives.  First of all, I actually like every song on this album.  This actually hasn't happened since Scenes From a Memory.  There have certainly been a plentiful amount of duds on in the Dream Theater repertoire (i.e.  Misunderstood, Honor Thy Father, almost all of Octavarium, Constant Motion, and Prophets of War).  So this time, no duds.  Secondly, John Petrucci is simply amazing.  To me, his magic has been missing for a few albums.  The solo at the end of The Best of Times is some type of material I've missed, ala the solos of The Spirit Carries On and Innocence Faded.  LaBrie still sounds very good, even though I feel he has lost some dynamicism.  Jordan Rudess was finally used very well, and Portnoy was his usual brilliant stuff.  This album also brought back the epic progressiveness which is their nature and signature.      Ok, and now the negatives, and there aren't many, but they're somewhat significant.  First of all, I REALLY wish that Mike Portnoy would stop offering his vocal vomit.  Just stop, for the love of God.  I heard a little bit too much of The Dark Eternal Night, and Constant Motion throughout the CD.  You are not a vocalist, you cannot growl like Mikael Akerfeldt, so stop trying.  While James LaBrie does sound good, I think he has lost a lot of what made him so special to the band, and that is the power within his voice.  His intonation is still amazing as usual, but I wish the power and the magic was still there.  The last negative is the conclusion to the AA saga.  Honestly, I was disappointed, as I had high hopes for the grand conclusion.  Instead, it seemed way too much like a rehashing of old material, most of whichwasn't that good in the first place.  Given that AA has been such an inspiration to Mike's life, I would have hoped that there would have been more inspiration in the actual song.      So, why is this five stars?  Because I thoroughly did enjoy and like every song, and I feel that says a lot.  Of course, all the pundits will hate the album because it's not the same as Images and Words or Scenes From a Memory, as if the band shouldn't change their sound.  But the other reason is it seems while some of the songs have their inspirations, there is no actual plagiarism here.  No Constant Motions or I Walk Besides Yous, or This Dying Souls or Prophets of Wars here.  So, bravo guys, I feel you did a good job here.
0061146307|4.0|My brother got this last Christmas and he loves it!  However, I prefer the hardcover edition and that's the one I have.      Warning: This book does not have a happy ending, only humorous moments.
B000002HPT|4.0|There are a few duds on this album, Dream Theater's 4th studio effort.  This is arguably probably their most ballad-y offering in their repertoire.  But I feel the bright spots completely outshine the hazy ones.  So, since Falling Into Infinity is a solid and good album, we'll start with the positives:    Lines in the Sand and Trial of Tears.  You can't have a Dream Theater album without a couple of epics right?  Well, these don't disappoint.  Lines in the Sand is, however, a bit difficult to get into initially, but after a few listens, it turns into quite an amazing song.  The guitar solo about 2/3 of the way through is particularly awesome, and is vintage Petrucci shredding.  Portnoy's drum work and Sherinian's keyboard work are both great throughout.  LaBrie sounds great as well.  Trial of Tears is a bit more ala Learning to Live.  I wouldn't put it on par with it, but, Trial of Tears is great in its own right.  I don't think John Myung even thought he could outdo himself.  Divided into three parts, with a mixture of ethereal sounds and catchiness, it's a very different but good epic song by the Theater.  The ballads, at least most of them, are actually incredible.  Hollow Years, Take Away My Pain, and Anna Lee are all excellent.  Great singing by James LaBrie, catchy harmonies.  It certainly isn't something that Dream Theater is famous for, but, alas, it's a nice change.  You don't need progressive insanity all the time.  And the last positive is the awesomeness of the songs Peruvian Skies and New Millenium.  At first I wasn't a fan of the synth work on New Millenium, as it was a bit too Depeche Mode on amphetamines, but I've always said that DT was an acquired taste.  And Peruvian Skies will remain one of my favorite songs by the band.  There is a great crescendo effect that goes on throughout the entire six-minute track, and the Metallica-esque riffage at the end with a heavier and much more uptempo chorus outro definitely does not disappoint.      That said,this album is full of negatives.  First off, I always look forward to Dream Theater instrumentals, but Hell's Kitchen, which I believe was initially part of the end of Burning My Soul, is uninteresting.  It's not bad by any means really, but when you listen to Erotomania, or Ytse Jam, it's simply not on par.  Burning My Soul is lyrically stupid.  It's heavy, sure, and heavy Dream Theater is obviously very good typically, but, in this case, it was contrived and forced, to this listener.  You Not Me, was just a nightmare.  Desmond Child should stick to Aerosmith, and not try to write a substandard song with a band as technically brilliant as Dream Theater.  Just Let Me Breathe is quite possibly my least favorite song by the band since LaBrie came in, and that includes all the albums after this one.      Seven great songs, four poor ones...  And the seven songs that are great are definitely worth the purchase.  So don't believe the pundits who put down this album as a commercial sellout.  Despite the drama that ensued with Falling Into Infinity's production, they managed to release a very solid album, and it should be noticed as such.  If you're looking for a redux version of Images and Words, or a raw feel like Awake, you're pecking in the wrong place.  It's different, soft, but visceral still at times.  Take it for what it is, and enjoy the seven great offerings from it.
B001GQSY5K|4.0|We're finally given another Star Wars movie, only this time it's animated!  Your kids would probably enjoy it while the adults would sit back and think back to A New Hope's release back in 1977.  Much of the movie are scenes with clone troopers and battle droids blasting each other.  We're given some very old characters such as Jabba the Hutt and Yoda.  Anakin though has lost his character, but Obi-Wan, even though he's voiced by James Arnold Taylor in this movie, he sounds a lot like Ewan McGregor.  Christopher Lee is back as Count Dooku, and Samuel L. Jackson as Mace Windu.  The movie is a lead-in to the new series on Cartoon Network, but it's a great movie.  I don't like Ziro the Hutt though.  You'll find out why.  This movie would probably be enjoyed the most by kids.  Enjoy!
B00000F14B|5.0|Excellent serice.  My video arrived on time and in great condition.  I was very satisfied.
B000WAEK0E|5.0|I am a big big Fan of Van Morrison, I was looking for Listen To The Lion. I got this and so much more, I can't stop listening to this set. I recommend this set to everyone who enjoys Van Morrison music. :o)
B000SEIDR0|5.0|Focusing mostly on corn this book just drives home the point that corn subsidies have ruined the American farmer and made us fat. Its about taking a system that works well after millions of years of evolution and industrializing and it explains all the problems this creates. A great book along with Fat Land, Fast Food Nation and Don't Eat this Book.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|amazing, phenomenal, impeccable, talented, unequalled and transcendent.  Not enough words do desribe one mans body of work.  The hand of god was truly on this gifted man.  For salvation god created his son jesus.  For rock there was elvis.  For pop god created Michael Jackson.  This cd does pretty well in showing his talent and diversity.  Couple tunes I would have liked on here.  Say Say Say and scream. Other than that it is a must have. His poor kids.  Not talking about a wealth standpoint either.  God bless he and his.
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|This is an outstanding album.Both these super- performers are still in there prime. Winwood still is one of the purest white soul singers alive and hasn't lost a step at playing whether guitar or keys. Clapton--- well what can you say to do the man justice? God-simply a guitar god!!!They sound better than Blind Faith ever did.Excellent production and great recording. This CD is a must for all the Clapton/Winwood fans BUY IT!!!!
B000WS4QJG|5.0|amazing, phenomenal, impeccable, talented, unequalled and transcendent.  Not enough words do desribe one mans body of work.  The hand of god was truly on this gifted man.  For salvation god created his son jesus.  For rock there was elvis.  For pop god created Michael Jackson. This cd really shows hid diversity and creativity.  Buy it  God bless he and his.
B00297FEUS|2.0|The remastering on this cd is a huge disapointment. If you own the cd from 1984 you wont find much difference in this new remastered version. It's too bad cause this cd needs to be properly digitally remasterd. The 2nd disc has some songs that are just ok nothing really stands out. All in all a disapointing release of a classics 80's cd. Update!!!!!  Has anyone got their replacement cd from Rhino yet? Ive been waiting since july 6th and still no cd. Also if anyone got a replacement cd from Rhino how is the sound quality? thanks  Update!!!!!!  I finally got my replacement disc today 15 days after i sent them my info. Sounds good but i never got a e-mail saying it was being shipped liked they promised.
B00005QGAT|5.0|amazing, phenomenal, impeccable, talented, unequalled and transcendent.  Not enough words do desribe one mans body of work.  The hand of god was truly on this gifted man.  For salvation god created his son jesus.  For rock there was elvis.  For pop god created Michael Jackson.  This cd got rolling and was the inception of his independence.  He left the nest and soared.  This is tight a cd as he ever made.  Was a nice preface to Thriller. If ur a fan of Michael Jackson; or just good music,  highly recommended buy.
B000C20VPA|5.0|That is an undeniable fact. Unless he made some other movie about Las Vegas around the same time that his name wasn't attached to. Like Leaving Las Vegas, or Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, or Vegas Vacation. Even some dull video for the city to attract tourists would have been an improvement.    Imagine Goodfellas without Ray Liotta and his oddly charming narration. You'll end up with something like this. Basically a remake minus the only interesting character. It'd be like making Pirates with just Orlando Bloom and that anorexic girl and her freakishly long neck. EAT SOMETHING! Wear shoulder pads too. Every time I see the end of that movie where she's standing way up over the rocks it looks like her head is going to fall right off that skinny neck of hers. I just can't watch it. And I can't watch this either, but that's not her fault. It's just two guys doing the same thing they've done a million times before sleepwalking for 3 hours so they can pick up an easy paycheck while that guy with the big eyebrows sits back and tells them to hurry up and get it over with so he can ditch them and start a new life with Leonardo DiCaprio. And who can blame him. Leo is younger and much more handsome.
0962477060|5.0|I was searching for a book to help me further my guitar development when I came upon Fretboard Logic.  I bought the first book in the series which came with a DVD and boy was I glad I did! It was a real mind opener.  I soon realized gaps in my understanding of how chords, scales and lead patterns relate to the fretboard and why the guitar is tuned the way it is.  Needless to say, I wish I had this book/DVD  years ago!The best part is that I found out that Mr. Edwards lives in my home town and I am now taking my 13 year son to Mr. Edwards for guitar lessons! How awesome is that!  His progress under Mr. Edwards is simply astonishing! In just about six months time (missing about 4 lessons) he finished book one along with four to five beginner to intermediate songs (able to play flawlessly both rhythm and lead parts) and is well under way to learning book two.  I am amazed as I sit and watch my son play well beyond my 15 years of trying to teach myself.      Thank you Bill Edwards, Anxiously awaiting your future endeavors.     John P.  Tampa Florida
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Best 12 hours I ever spent, and if you can't deal with some nudity than grow up.
0758232225|5.0|When growing up we would hear from the adults in our lives to do as they say not as they do. It was more the norm to do as they did than what they said. Some would say as Christians, we tend to follow the word of God while in the church itself. But once we are out, often the premise of the preaching is gone and we act like the rest of the community. Vanessa Davis Griggs used her main characters, Melissa Anderson and Marcus Peeples, along with her secondary characters, in Practicing What You Preach to show the abundant blessings and sheer joy a person can have if they walked the talk they shared with others.<br /><br />Melissa, like many, has sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. But once she has rededicated her life to God, she prays for the things that she would like to have in her life including the man that should be her lifelong partner. When Marcus, a business acquaintance of her boss, shows interest in her Melissa tries to scare him off with a first date at Bible study. After having what was a great time, Melissa is the one trying to get away. What could Marcus have possibly said or done to make her not want to go out on a second date? Will Marcus be able to make it right?<br /><br />When people believe wholeheartedly in something or someone, it is hard for them to let go of their belief. But sometimes if you stop trying so hard the thing you believe in will reveal itself in its true entirety. Melissa has a strong belief in what she thinks various scriptures in the Bible are referring to. However, if she is not willing to listen to the teachings of the word and live as God would have she will miss her blessings. I really enjoyed Practicing What You Preach. I read it in one day because I needed to know what was going to happen in the end, but also due to it being an easy and fast-paced story. It gets a little preachy at times, but to fully understand the message that Ms. Griggs offered through the characters the story had to be that way. I recommend Practicing What You Preach to readers who enjoy God's wisdom and words, wrapped around a good story.<br /><br />Jennifer Coissiere<br />APOOO BookClubPreach to readers who enjoy God's wisdom and words, wrapped around a good story.    Jennifer Coissiere  APOOO BookClub
B00000IREA|5.0|While married to Roger Vadim Ms. Hanoi Jane was coerced(?) into doing this semi-soft core epic.  This is one of those movies that could easily be rated between 1 and 5 stars, love it or hate it.  Based on a French comic, this is true to form and a credit to its material, if not to the art of movie making.  What saves this trashy cinematic fluff is a nimble, tongue planted firmly in cheek script, by the estimable Terry Southern.  Add a solid supporting cast saddled with screen names such as DILDANO (David Hemmings) and MARK HAND (Dirk Diggler anyone?)((Ugo Tognazzi)), and a big budget courtesy of Dino DeLaurentiis, and you get a very entertaining trifle. They even have Marcel Marceau in a TALKIE!.  Trust me, the zero gravity JF striptease is well worth the price of admission.  Proudly displayed in my collection right next to \\"Flesh Gordon\\" and \\"Plan 9 From Outer Space\\". Enjoy.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|This movie totally surprised me. I for some reason cast this movie off as a wast of time but oh was i mistaken. I loved it. It is truly humorous, sarcastic and does not take its self too seriously at all. The acting is excellent and the characters are well developed and intriguing. Of course the storyline and plot are equally well done. This movie reminded me of the mini series the 10th Kingdom, to those of you who are familiar with the tenth kingdom this is 10 times shorter (lol) 10 times well done and 10 times as good.
B001EBC8U4|5.0|It is so rare to find a book that captures one's imagination as The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. It is reminiscent of old time radio when the stories were woven in sound alone and your mind filmed the action.  Set in post war years, the various life experiences of the Guernsey islanders during German occupation are revealed through their letters to a writer in London.  In return, she writes each of them, along with her publisher and friends and we see her character and her life.  Although the backdrop of the war years is depressing, these characters and their stories are wonderful to read-- they are humorous, sad and heroic and completely mesmerizing.  If you love to be completely wrapped up in a story every time you pick up the book, you'll love this one.
B00005V1Y0|1.0|I am a ballroom dancer and I think this was a horrible movie due to the following reasons ...    Storyline is cliché:   - Dance protégé is bored with accepted dance moves and wants to invent his own moves  - Ugly duckling with two left feet becomes prodigy's new partner and becomes a beautiful graceful dancer    Dancing was not spectacular:   - The \\"new\\" moves that the protagonist does come up with is not actually new, he's just incorporating modern dance into social dance  - What little social dancing footage there is is interrupted and so we never get to see a complete dance sequence  - The social dancing that is done is expertly done but nothing worth calling home about    Costume, makeup, and hairstyles were just painful to look at:   - Too much unwarranted skin exposure (are we at the beach or on the dance floor?)  - Too gaudy (colors are loud and dissonant)  - Mohawks do no look good on women    Baz Luhrmann was not at his best in making Strictly Ballroom. You do see one good shot of the two lovers in front of a sparkling red Coca-Cola billboard and another stunning shot of the two of then dancing in front of a white curtain with pink backlighting, but other than those two shots, the rest of the cinematography was mediocre.     For a better sample of amazing work by Baz Luhrmann try Moulin Rouge or Romeo & Juliet.    Better ballroom dance films to watch are Dirty Dancing and Shall We Dansu? Make sure you get the originals and not the later versions.
B0018PJEYY|3.0|Some of my fondest memories of Army life were generated atop Mount Scott in Oklahoma (off base from Fort Sill).  One of my friends had a battery-powered record player and frequently, we'd spend Saturday nights enjoying the Moodies performing A QUESTION OF BALANCE.  It seemed the ultimate in mind-travel.  I was very disappointed in the CD because of the \\"bonus\\" tracks.  I felt they distracted from the experience of listening to this wonderfully thought-out concept album.  Still, it's a fine piece of work.
B000VZC4CQ|3.0|I love Joy Division and the 3 stars is not directed at the band, but at the production quality issue. The live CD is recorded too fast.  I have had to use editing software to slow it down, why couldn't the manufacturer do this?
0385341008|4.0|This was a book club pick.  I was apprehensive - it's a long title, the format is in all letters between the characters.  There were several things that made me think I wouldn't like it.  Boy, was I wrong!  This book was charming.  Did I know where it would end up?  Yes.  Did it affect how much I loved the book?  NO!<br /><br />Delightful tale of an author who receives a letter from a young man living on the Channel Islands.  He asks to communicate with her and so the journey begins through letters back and forth.  The entire book is comprised of letters; after a while you completely forget that you are reading letters.  The format is unique (to me) and I actually enjoyed it after assimilating myself.<br /><br />All the characters on the island are a hoot; their interactions are lively, witty and funny.  It made me long to visit and experience life as it was during that time period (WWII).<br /><br />Don't pass up this book...it's ranked high on book club's lists everywhere for a reason!!  P.S. - for our meeting one of the girls made Sweet Potato Pie - DELICIOUS!!
B001FB4W0W|4.0|Loved the show, but there are some sex scenes that are kindof 'thrust' in there almost at random and with out real purpose to the plot. Dont get me wrong, those scenes can be alot of fun to watch.. but this was a bit over the top.<br /><br />Many people expect the book to line up exactly with the show. Dont set yourself up for dissapointment.  The show is really good, with an exciting story line, even if it doesnt follow the books word for word.  Its a bonus, because if you haven't read the books, you can still do so, and be surprised about what is going to happen next.
B001NXDSLQ|2.0|Just received today and wish I read the other comments before ordering.  I had the 1994 VHS cd, before it got lost and the video quality was better that this one.
B00004WG2F|5.0|I enjoyed the movie very much.  Very good movie, well acted and good photography!
B0028T6XXY|3.0|I couldn't wait to get this DVD/CD package and see a Michael Buble real complete concert, but alas this is not the complete concert.   I was completely annoyed by the talking & 'stuff' in between every single song.   By the time I was hoping he would at least sing two songs in a row without interruption, it was over!    Then, the two 'extra songs', why did they have to be completely separate in a 'special features link?\\"    Any good producer who knows anything about presenting a live concert would have just included the songs with the concert, it is completely chopped up anyway.   The one song with Naturally 7 was wonderful, but they were not introduced at the beginning of the song and as soon as the music stopped, so did the video.   You know they sang more than one song than that one with Michael, in the full and complete concert.    If I was in the audience for a concert that only lasted 12 songs, I would have really felt cheated.    As it is, a 'live concert' DVD with only 12 songs is also being cheated.     Michael, are you listening?????    You are wonderful, your songs, your band, your repor with the audience, for those who can't make it to your concerts, how about a complete concert on DVD, with new songs, covers of the great old songs and even with your hits!!!!!
0307408833|4.0|My friends can't even tell the treats from this book are vegan.  So far I have made 5 of the treats.  I love that they are low in sugar and use healthy flours.  The only recipe I haven't liked so far is the vanilla frosting.  It was time consuming because the 6 hour chill time did not work correctly, it actually took the freezer and then some thaw time to get it to the right consistency. Then the frosting melts when at room temperature for too long.  I liked the frosting recipe from The Joy of Vegan Baking better.  But overall this book is wonderful.  I am baking cakes from scratch now for the first time.  The book calls for a lot of coconut oil in most recipes.  I think this causes the desserts to be really moist and soft, but if left in the fridge too long, they need a little time to warm up before eating, because they become hard from the solidified coconut oil.  Unlike the Joy of Vegan Baking, there is no Earth Balance vegan butter required, so if you can't find it, you can still bake vegan.
B000Y7U98W|3.0|Sunshine's plot is Armageddon meets Alien, where the sun is dying, you have to get a bomb to restart it, then a creature comes and messes the whole thing up, making an already hard job, that much harder. Chillian Murphy is as good as always, but really the standout actor/character in this film is Chris Evans, who audience might know from the \\"Fantastic 4\\" series of films, and here he plays a brave and logical engineer, who in my opinion, really elevates the movie.<br /><br />Sure, the rest of the crew are idiots from going off track with the mission, chasing an extra bomb that may, or may not work, but you're into it, aside from most of the character's sheer stupidity. But making the characters not that bright in seeing the potential consequences that could happen, it's like they're almost asking for something to go wrong. It's not enough that it turns into a suicide mission, but due to a insane madman that wanders onboard, it turns very badly, with people being murdered left and right. And yes, the critics are right, all the built-up momentum the movie has going for it falls off from here. It's almost like the writer didn't know how to extend the movie, so he put a mad slasher character in there.<br /><br />To make matters worse, this film is really below Danny Boyle, and if this was the first time you were seeing the work of this fine director, you will be sorely disgusted as my father was. Because, for whatever reason, Boyle feels the need to use slow motion, shaky cam and blur effects whenever the scarred madman is on screen, which is very distracting, not to mention disorienting. Did they not have the budget to show the full figure?<br /><br />In either case, Sunshine is a good concept gone bad, like the mission shown in the movie. Sure, it has its likable elements, but it just takes the wrong turn, then things start to get ugly. Not to mention it's a pretty forgettable work.
B000M4RG42|4.0|With much anticipation, I played the DVD of this recent Clint Eastwood epic. Much to my surprise, the DVD version IS better than the theatrical print I viewed in the state-of-the-art theater. A really excellent digital transfer. It is of such superior quality, I became lost in the story, which is unusual for me. As a Vietnam vet, I empathized with all three main characters, who separately, are very weak souls, but the three together speak volumes about heroism, sacrifice and service. Don't miss out! Rent it! Borrow it! But see it!
159562015X|4.0|This book was a good investment not only because of the content but also because of the online test that comes with it.
0596005903|5.0|If you have to write a linux kernel module, this book is a lifesaver.  The source-code for the samples is available online and saved me a ton of time getting the basics of a device file / ioctls / etc going so I could communicate with my module and focus on value add instead of boilerplate.
1400063736|1.0|I don't often give books bad reviews. This is my first one-star review here on Amazon. Now, understand, I'm simply \\"Average Mrs. America\\" with no degree in literature. I like books that others may not. I like books with characters I can relate to and that tell me a story I might otherwise not hear.    I cannot remember the last book I absolutely could not force myself to read to the end -- until LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN.    I tried. I forced my way through about half of the book. And now I give up. There are just too many great books out there waiting to be read, and not enough time in life to force myself to read one I find uninteresting and not all that well written. Of the half of the book that I read, I found the characters flat and unrelatable and the story simply uninteresting. I fell in love with the premise of the book, but once I began reading, I honestly didn't care who was walking the tightrope or why.    There are a lot of good reviews on this book, probably from people far more educated and knowledgeable than I. My recommendation: Go take it out from your public library and form your own opinion. Would I recommend you buy this book? No, I honestly wouldn't.
0316017922|5.0|Book was well written and informative about why people excel according to various circumstances of their lives.
B000001FFR|4.0|This a decend album from the good old days of 1985.I'm going to review the songs individuality.<br />1.A.I.R. 5/5 the way a metal album should start.great riff,fast solos<br />2.lone justice 3/5 A decend song.It start with a cool bass riff.<br />3.mad house 5/5 The best track on the album.Great chorus.<br />4.s.s.c./stand or fall 4/5 The 2nd fastist song on the album.<br />5.The enemy 4/5 one of the highlights of the album.<br />6.aftershock 3/5 about the world going down hill.<br />7.armed and dangerous 3/5 Starts off slow and builds up.<br />8.medusa 2/5 kinda a silly song<br />9.gung-ho 2/5 fastist track.Great untill about 3:30 when the song gos weild.<br />Overall a good thrash album,but,a bit outdated.
B0029358GM|4.0|4.5 Stars.<br /><br />I remember, years ago, listening to Wilco's Summerteeth album and thinking that this band should be huge.  It was that album which got me hooked on Wilco, and each subsequent release has felt like a significant event.  Of course the band did gain an appropriate degree of notoriety with the grandly conceptual Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, and every album since has been met with high expectations (at least from me) and sometimes intense critical scrutiny.<br /><br />Wilco has changed its approach and pared back its sound a lot since the days of YHF and Tweedy's experimental side project, Loose Fur.  Gone are the studio bells and whistles, or the 10-minute noisefests which appeared on A Ghost Is Born (the follow-up to YHF).  The shift towards a subtler sound and band-oriented approach came on Wilco's 2007 release, Sky Blue Sky.  That album had a sound reminiscent of Fleetwood Mac and Steely Dan, with hushed vocals and an intimate feel.  This album largely continues along the same lines, representing a refinement of concept rather than a major statement of purpose.<br /><br />Many of the songs on this album are subtle and thoughtful, with an almost stately chamber-pop feel.  Take for example \\"Deeper Down,\\" \\"You And I\\" (a duet with Feist), and the gentle \\"Country Disappeared.\\"  All of these would have also made sense in the context of Sky Blue Sky (albeit with a slightly expanded instrumental palette).  \\"One Wing\\" (one of my favorites here) starts off quietly and builds into a sweeping, grand wash of harmonies and soaring instrumentation.<br /><br />However, a few songs differ sharply from the others, making the album a diverse and at times confusing experience.  Much has been said of the cheeky opener, \\"Wilco (The Song).\\"  This is a fun and upbeat song that resonates deeply with this listener, who for many years has sought solace in Wilco's music.  It's a good way to start off an album that is by-and-large very warm and welcoming.  The big exception to this warm quality however is the terrifying \\"Bull Black Nova,\\" which arrives in the fourth spot.  This song is a nightmare set to music, kind of a modern day murder ballad.  It's very well executed, using the swirling and at times almost atonal instrumentation to mimic the narrator's horror at the crime he has just committed.  In fact, with its novelistic attention to detail, I'd go so far as to call it brilliant.  Yet it's also (IMHO) horribly out of place amongst this pack of songs and would have been better off as a non-album single.  The song does serve to rattle this listener's cage (props for that) but at the expense of the album's cohesiveness.<br /><br />So overall a great album, but one half-star down for the lack of cohesiveness here.  It's a great batch of songs but fails to add up to more than the sum of its parts as an album.  Yet that's small stuff.  This is one of my favorites this year and keeps me eager to see what more this band will have in store in the years to come.e terrifying \\"Bull Black Nova,\\" which arrives in the fourth spot.  This song is a nightmare set to music, kind of a modern day murder ballad.  It's very well executed, using the swirling and at times almost atonal instrumentation to mimic the narrator's horror at the crime he has just committed.  In fact, with its novelistic attention to detail, I'd go so far as to call it brilliant.  Yet it's also (IMHO) horribly out of place amongst this pack of songs and would have been better off as a non-album single.  The song does serve to rattle this listener's cage (props for that) but at the expense of the album's cohesiveness.    So overall a great album, but one half-star down for the lack of cohesiveness here.  It's a great batch of songs but fails to add up to more than the sum of its parts as an album.  Yet that's small stuff.  This is one of my favorites this year and keeps me eager to see what more this band will have in store in the years to come.
B000SE0OYA|4.0|Why review a waste toner pack?  Good question.  On the plus side, it's very well made for a $25 product.  On the minus side, I didn't get very many pages on my factory-installed waste toner pack in my new Brother MFC laser printer.  They're supposely good for 20,000 copies I think.  I got maybe 2,000 tops.  Jury's still out.  But quality-wise, this thing seems well worth the money.
B001PJRAUS|1.0|This movie had some potential in the premise, and the actors were good.  I'm going to blame it all on the script.  It just went downhill after the first 10 minutes and kept on plummeting.  I was literally groaning, \\"And I thought it couldn't get worse!\\"  I hope someone tries this idea again and does it well!  In the meantime, don't waste your money!
B0017V7GTY|5.0|All these reviewers, are abolutely correct, I can't belive how good these guys are. Its like Social Distortion meets Bruce Springsteen and then throw in some blues and soul. Just Sit Back, clear your mind, put on the headphones and let this album take you too bliss. The Bands other works are excellant as well, The EP, and the Debut album (Sink or Swim). They have yet to record a bad song and yes they will be on a major label and they will be talked about for years, Trust Me. Buy It!!
B000GDH9JQ|5.0|This movie is a beautiful love story and representation of life and times in Russia at the time of its making, but even if you can't see that, it's worth watching for the dancing.  Mikhail and Gregory are just absolutely amazing, and that in itself makes the film worth watching.  For those of you with a heart, however, there will be a lot more to it.
B00005QGAV|5.0|I consider Dangerous to be Michael Jackson's last great album.  This album has it all.  It has excellent dance songs like \\"Remember The Time\\", \\"Jam\\", \\"In The Closet\\" and the title track.  This album has uplifting songs like Heal The World and Will You Be There.  I love the edgy sensual song \\"Give In To Me\\".  This album has touching tracks like \\"Black Or White\\" and the prophetic \\"Gone Too Soon\\".  I love this album.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|This was unexpected.  What a great film for all ages.  Something for everyone.  It makes you laugh and cry and keeps you entertained for 90 minutes.  I can't wait until this comes out on DVD.
B00297FEUI|1.0|What makes this score so worthless you ask?   Well, let me tell you: its predecessor!    If the first Transformers score could pass as a mildly arousing summer blockbuster clone for a quick and obvious ruckus, then this one, Transformers 2, is not even that.  Because we have heard ALL of the damn \\"ideas\\" in the first one alrady. Basically, this is as bad as repetitive Remote Control music ever gets. Really.  See, Steve Jablonsky made the grave error of persuading himself that his inital \\"ideas\\" and themes were acceptable enough to offer any room for development or, indeed, any variation at all.  A cloned Remote Control score like this one has a predictable power anthem, which impresses once, from time to time, and then never again.  If you take this only quality away, you end up with nothing but musical laxative. That is Transformers 2.    I never thought I would say this, but Jablonsky violated the only rule I didn't think anyone would ever touch: that when you buy a new CD, you should get something that passes as \\"new music\\".    You'd be better off listening to a 60 minute CD of random trailer music, that features far more originality and variation on known Remote Control fare than Jablonsky manages to inject into his own (barely) themes.    Perhaps he didn't think a sequel to such a crap movie would be made, and least of all that he'd be scoring it. You know what? Neither did I.
B000024IFB|5.0|This has to be one of my \\"all-time\\" favorite CDs.  It's definitely a must have to your collection.
B001U7B4T8|1.0|Very disappointing video quality-muddy and no contrast.  Missing many of the performances.  Overall a shameful product
1934030198|5.0|Reading this book from Joe Friel is very interesting and insightful for athletes of all kinds.  With a huge variety in the kinds of triathlons and athletes, Friel does a masterful job at sharing the latest research in a concise, easy to read format.  And if you want to read more, often there is a citation or something related to that topic that gives you just that.  But at the same time, this book covers a great depth of content and topics.
0375707972|5.0|In Bernard Schlink's book, The Reader, the author raises serious questions about individual responsibility in relation to the Holocaust. It centers on two people, a sickly young man named Michael Berg, who, in the course of the book, grows into a middle aged man, and Hanna, a former Nazi prison guard, whom we learn later is responsible for the murder of defenseless Jewish girls and women. Berg falls hopelessly in love with Hanna when she showers him with sexual favors. As a result, Berg becomes a \\"man,\\" and, for the rest of his life, cannot shake his attachment to this woman, even after he discovers the horror of her life. When Hanna is later convicted and sent to prison for her crimes, Berg, now a law student, finds himself drawn to her trial, despite the fact that he has lost contact with her for several years.<br /><br />Hanna is convicted and sent to prison, but Berg cannot forget her and eventually begins to send her taped readings of literary masterpieces. Hanna welcomes the tapes, which remind her of a critical part of their early relationship. She's illiterate, but fascinated by books, though her only entre into them is through someone reading to her, hence the title of the book, The Reader. Another ripple on the title is that she required the young Jewish girls to read to her before she sent them to the gas chambers. When Berg finds out that he too was a \\"reader,\\" he feels disgust and anger that Hanna might have been using him in some twisted, perverted way.<br /><br />Nearly two decades later, the prison authorities decide to release Hanna and implore her former lover to help her adapt to the changed world. He consents reluctantly, apparently motivated by a sense of feelings of guilt mixed with retrospective love. On the day of her release, she commits suicide, but leaves him a note asking him to give one of the survivors of the Holocaust the money that she has saved.<br /><br />In a foolish, self-serving and misguided response, he brings the money to the survivor, who rejects it because she sees clearly that it is meant to purchase forgiveness both for Hanna and for Berg, who feels complicit in loving her.<br /><br />The book ends with a sense that Berg will have to live not only with the grief for his lost love, but with his sense that in some inexplicable way that by loving her he is in some way guilty of her crimes.it because she sees clearly that it is meant to purchase forgiveness both for Hanna and for Berg, who feels complicit in loving her.    The book ends with a sense that Berg will have to live not only with the grief for his lost love, but with his sense that in some inexplicable way that by loving her he is in some way guilty of her crimes.
B002CGPI3O|5.0|For those of us who wanted Moby to out \\"Dan Deacon\\" Dan Deacon, he doesn't do it on \\"Wait for Me\\". That being said, this a complete work of art. He once said (pre-\\"Play\\" days) that he likes to mix genres. I never cared for that. This is a cohesive force with a few tracks that some artists out there might want to cover.
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|...and I'm reviewing as such.  I'm biased in favor of the source material, and given the nature of the movie, I assume that either you or someone you're shopping for already knows what Final Fantasy is.  So this is really a \\"Why should you buy this over the original edition?\\" review.    My roommate owns the first release of Advent Children and I love it, but since we just got a PS3 in the house, I figured I'd pony up and go for the revised Complete edition.    Now, if you don't know or care about FFVII (though in that case, why are you here?), there are better movies for your money.  But the amazing thing is that they reworked Advent Children enough in this edition that if you watch it anyway, you can probably follow along and enjoy yourself regardless.  But if you do care, then even if you've seen or own Advent Children, this is worth it!    The colors are richer, much more vibrant (a friend's quote:  \\"Okay, now I understand the fuss about HD.\\").  It's a more beautiful movie.  The action is easier to follow.  Fast-moving scenes that were blurry before are now clear and detailed.  Dark scenes have been saturated so that the action isn't lost in shadow.    But most importantly, and probably the reason you're looking at this:  EXTRA FOOTAGE!  And boy oh boy is there a lot of it.  This movie is now 33% longer--that's an extra half hour, and it's not all dumped in one place.  The first release of Advent Children was pretty much \\"Guys who look like Sephiroth show up.  Cloud wusses for a while then gets over it.  Lots of cool fight scenes ensue.\\"  Here, there is more dialogue, more plot, more Turks, more fighting, more color, more everything!  The movie proves to contain an actual plot (though let's be realistic: it's not real sophisticated).  Cloud's got some purpose to his actions.  Vincent has an actual explanation (Rufus does too, but it's not like he's going to tell the truth--still, you get more of Rufus lying!).    And, yes, I said even more fighting.  Lots more tothe motorcycle chase (remember I said more Turks), and some bits were totally reworked--such as the ending battle, which was so much more brutal (and WAY easier to follow) that we were actually making shocked noises as we watched.    In short, if you love FFVII, TOTALLY WORTH IT.  If you don't, then at least it's now a coherent, potentially enjoyable movie-going experience.  If you buy this version for your FF-obsessed loved one, you may not completely regret sitting through it five times! :D
B001B7CNY2|1.0|This movie is a complete travesty, not to mention an insult to the intelligence of the movie going public. One can only hope the producers and director of this piece of flotsam never worked in pictures again
B00005QGAV|5.0|A must have for any Michael Jackson fan.  He defined the 80's as I know growing up being a tiny tot watching thriller and beat it on Mtv.  His passing saddens me in that we will never see him perform live, ever record a new album, never bless us with his fantastic showmanship.  He was unlike any other artist out there.  On my behalf he will always be the king of pop.  I will educate the future with the man known as Michael Jackson.  You will be missed Michael, but never forgotten.  Farewell...
B001F12J0C|5.0|I liked the trilogy since I watched the 1st movie when it came out, same happened with the 2nd and 3rd part and still decided to get the box set, I agree with all the previous reviews, this is just a great package of 3 movies for under $20 (I got it at that price on amazon) not really a collector's set since all you get is 3 slim DVD cases and the movies pretty much, some extra features. If you're like me that once in a while all you wanna do is sit down for 2 hours and watch a great movie go for it.
B000Y7U98C|4.0|Sunshine (Danny Boyle, 2007)<br /><br />I have to say that at the beginning of his career, I loathed Danny Boyle's output. If a movie had his name on it, I could be guaranteed it would be overwrought, overbearing, overacted (thanks to Boyle's overuse of Ewan MacGregor), and overdone, like a soft-boiled egg that cracks when you try to take the shell off. But then, magic happened when Boyle teamed up with Alex Garland, whose first two novels, The Beach and The Tesseract, were turned into films that were at most a pale shadow of the greatness of the books upon which they were based. I don't know what it was about pre-Garland Boyle that attracted the writer, but when they got together, the result was 28 Days Later..., one of the best films of the past decade. Not content with that, the two of them immediately put their heads together again for something a little more up Garland's alley, the sci-fi picture Sunshine.<br /><br />The story revolves around a group of scientists sent into space to try and revive the sun, which is slowly burning itself out. A previous team had been sent to do the same job, but were never heard from again, and this batch are the Earth's last hope before the sun becomes too weak to sustain life on Earth. While there is no real main character--this is pretty much the definition of an ensemble cast--recognizable faces in the crowd will include Cillian Murphy (28 Days Later...), Michelle Yeoh (Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon), Rose Byrne (Wicker Park), Benedict Wong (Dirty Pretty Things), and Cliff Curtis (Whale Rider), though that is by no means an exhaustive list. As the crew drifts through space on their course towards the sun, interpersonal tensions begin to take hold, aided by a ship's computer that may or may not be entirely objective. Things come to a head when a major discovery in space (we'd be getting far into spoiler country) changes things overnight and puts the entire crew in danger.<br /><br />Astute viewers will recognize a number of different allusions in that plot synopsis, most notably to Alien and Solaris. The movie does reference both of them, as well as Event Horizon, but it never fails to be its own movie. Because it's an ensemble movie in which not much happens during the first half, the entire success or failure of the film lies in its cast, and as you can tell, the cast here is a strong one. Once the pace picks up in the second half, the case remains strong, but the success of the movie is transferred over to the script; Garland is, of course, as fine a scriptwriter as he is a novelist, and there is no failure in that regard either. Those looking for an action-packed sci-fi thriller would be best advised to either revise their expectations or look elsewhere, but if you're interested in a thoughtful film chock full of excellent characters and well-constructed incidents, Sunshine is worth your time. Check it out. *** ½hat plot synopsis, most notably to Alien and Solaris. The movie does reference both of them, as well as Event Horizon, but it never fails to be its own movie. Because it's an ensemble movie in which not much happens during the first half, the entire success or failure of the film lies in its cast, and as you can tell, the cast here is a strong one. Once the pace picks up in the second half, the case remains strong, but the success of the movie is transferred over to the script; Garland is, of course, as fine a scriptwriter as he is a novelist, and there is no failure in that regard either. Those looking for an action-packed sci-fi thriller would be best advised to either revise their expectations or look elsewhere, but if you're interested in a thoughtful film chock full of excellent characters and well-constructed incidents, Sunshine is worth your time. Check it out. *** ½
0385341008|5.0|This winding,melodious journey of successful journalist Juliet Ashton who is seeking more than being the columnist Izzy Biggerstaff Goes To War, satisfies on many levels. From historical research to the quirky characters and the motivations of the cast and crew of the Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, the book rarely makes a misstep.<br /><br />The book reminded me a bit of Helen Hanff's [[ASIN:0140143505 84, Charing Cross Road]] where New Yorker Hanff carries on a correspondence about books with a bookstore owner in England. In this epistle, Londoner Juliet Ashton through a series of coincidences starts a correspondence with the quirky folks of Guernsey and later moves there. The scenes regarding the Nazi occupation are unforgettable as is the cast of characters that carry the book.<br /><br />Mary Ann Shaffer, one of the authors, had a dream to write a book. Unfortunately she died before seeing it in print although she did have the pleasure of knowing it would be published. It is a shame she started writing so late in life as this author shows so much talent! Hopefully her niece Annie Barrows will be able to continue writing along the same path!
0060989157|5.0|Definitely the best autobiography book that I ever read. Mötley Crüe was one of the most influential bands from the LA scene in the 80's, but they also personified every Rock'n'Roll cliché which was invented by Led Zeppelin, but they put into practice!!. Everything you can imagine is in this book, which explains it all from the beginning and is rich in anecdotes from those wild years. A must read, not only for Mötley Crüe fans, but also for every person interested in those crazy years. BUY IT!!
0316154687|3.0|I bought David Sedaris's \\"When You Are Engulfed in Flames\\" at the airport because I needed something to read on the plane. I had recalled seeing some good reviews of his books and they seemed to be quite popular. I am not sure if his little vignettes into his life are supposed to be humorous or satirical. I think one professional reviewer described his genre as \\"quirky memoir\\". I guess that fits. I do know it took until page 211 to get an actual, out loud laugh from me. The author was describing how he tormented his sisters when he was younger by telling them just before bed that a particular spider they had seen earlier in the day would likely find them again that night. I can relate to that. I think a lot of my problem with the book is that I just cannot relate to the life of a gay man with, essentially, an East Coast upbringing. I think it is the same reason I could never really get into Sex and the City; I just can't relate to a group of mature women looking for romance in a cosmopolitan setting. There were a few more laugh out load moments after that, but mostly the stories just seemed a bit contrived and the author just a bit too sarcastic and whiny. By comparison, I am now reading \\"Driving Like Crazy\\" by P.J. O'Rourke and that has got me laughing my rear end off. I think if you really want to read someone who is funny try Bill Bryson, PJ O'Rourke, Anthony Bourdain or even Michael Pollan who can turn a wry, witty phrase just as subtly as flipping a fried egg with chopsticks.
B000E8QVWY|5.0|I'm anything but a Johnny Cash fan. The only time I got a kick out of his music was in the late Sixties (or early Seventies?), when he released his tongue-in-cheek hit, \\"Boy Named Sue.\\"  Very entertaining, in case you haven't heard it.  Otherwise, I paid scant attention to the Man in Black, other than knowing he sang about trains, and crime, and prison, and that he was a tad rambunctious.<br /><br />So when WALK THE LINE initially came out, my interest wasn't all that keen on learning about the troubled life of Cash (or his equally tumultuous romance with June Carter).  Two words got me to go see the film during its theatrical run--and to watch this exceptional movie several times since:  Joaquin Phoenix.  I'm a big fan of this remarkable, versatile actor, have been ever since seeing him in [[ASIN:B00009ZYBY Gladiator]].  And in Cash's biopic Phoenix doesn't disappoint:  he immerses himself in the character, becomes the troubled Man in Black--right down to the singer's deep baritone.  Equally impressive is Reese Witherspoon as the ever-aloof June Carter (ultimately June Carter Cash); Witherspoon is dead on, from June's feisty sassiness, to her twang and drawl.<br /><br />It's one thing not to appreciate the actual music--it's quite another to be blown away when two actors absolutely nail the actual music.  That's what makes WALK THE LINE such a great film:  it's completely, unequivocally, believable.  Further kudos go out to Robert Patrick, who plays Cash's forever-disapproving father (the Denethor of the Ozarks).  So don't let not being a fan of Johnny Cash keep you from seeing this film; if you haven't checked out WALK THE LINE, by all means do so.  And get rhythm, when you get the blues.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B001GQ2BNQ|4.0|this snorkel is wonderful.I can now extend the length of my workout. Without this device I could swim laps for about 30 min straight,but slowly so that I can keep up with my breath.Now I am able to work out for an hour straight and with speed.I love it.....I guess the only drawback is that after awhile it does tend to hurt a little on the forehead, but i just deal with it....
B00005K9LN|5.0|The album, and band have never sounded better!! The Murat Center will never be the same, and it's a must see tour!!
B001FB55LW|2.0|Jim Carrey really has been in a lot of stinkers lately. This one is no different. It is extremely predictable and the characters are 1 dimensional. If you really want to see the best of Carrey go back to his earlier stuff. Lately he's been churning out the same character over and over again.
B000669GAI|5.0|I first heard Pearl Jam when I was in my early teens when Jeremy played on MTV and loved the first record. I then got the second record and did not like it as much, and overtime I started to lose track of the band.    Maybe I was a bit too young to understand how they were changing or what they are trying to do, and lost track of both my CDs and the band for the most part.    I wanted to hear the songs again, so picked up this collection since it had the big hits I remembered and other things throughout the years.  And I was pleasently suprised when I realized I missed some good songs throughout the years.    Perhaps my tastes have changed, but if you liked Pearl Jam at the beginning, it is nice to go back and listen once again.  Gave me a chance to find things I missed.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I love following my workouts with Polar HR watch. I did the first level today and I burned 197 cal in just 20 min. My HR was between 135-165. I loved that the exercises are soft with the knees and joints. You will sweat a lot. Keep your towel and H2O near. Good luck enjoy it and exercise!!!! We will look beautiful. Chicas, este video es fenomenal. Logre quemar 197 Cal en solo 20 min y en el nivel 1. Monitoreando la resistencia cardiocvascular me di cuenta del alto nivel del video, se mantiene resistencia entre 135-165 por minuto. Animense, vamos a lucir hermosas y tonificadas en 30 dias.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|I had no real desire to see this film. My brother recommended it and I trust his opinion.  This is the best film I've seen in decades!!! There isn't one thing I did not like from the very beginning to the very end.   I read the credits at the end of the film. Most people leave. Not with this film. Almost everyone stayed until the screen was blank and that is very unusual.
B0009XNUK0|3.0|THIS IS THE BEST COMPILATION I CAN FIND ANYWHERE, WITHOUT MAKING MY OWN ON LIMEWIRE OF COURSE.  I WOULD BUY THIS BUT ITS MISSING 5 OF MY FAVS:    'SCREAM'   'SAY,SAY,SAY'   'I'LL BE THERE'   'BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR'  'DANCING MACHINE'     IF JUST 'SCREAM' & 'I'LL BE THERE' WAS ON IT, I'D STILL BUY IT! REPLACE 'BEN' & 'ANOTHER PART OF ME' WITH THOSE AND YOU WOULD HAVE A WINNER!!! THIS STILL MAY BE WORTH THE BUY IF YOU CAN LIVE WITHOUT THESE 5 SMASHES.    R.I.P. MICHAEL JACKSON.. LEGENDARY!!!!!!!!
B002BY77CW|5.0|The book follows the lives of Jane and Scarlett as they moved to LA to pursue their dreams! What starts out as an innocent night at the club, turns into America's top rated TV show, LA Candy, where Jane is the star.  I recommend anyone 13-30 to read this novel! Amazing job Lauren Conrad.
B0027G783W|5.0|After the appalling \\"Last night\\" I wasn't sure how good this album was going to be but the minute I listened, my fears dissapeared.  Moby is back to doing:  a) What he does best  b) What made him famous in the first place.    Track after track this album spits out 5 star perfectly constructed songs to tame the savage beast. Beautiful arrangments, beautiful music and even extremely emotive lyrics on some.    The only thing I can say bad about this album is that \\"Study War\\" is extremely repetative and therefore easily gets annoying. Having said that though, it's still a great song as is every other on this album.
B001K7815S|4.0|The story keeps you glued to the pages until you get to the end, rooting all the way for the main character.  You can't imagine the end until a few pages short of the last page!
B001HN69AE|1.0|You could tell this movie was doomed from the start. First lets compare this to Transformers Revenge of the Fallen.  Now I am sure no one will mistake it for being great cinema as well, but at least Bay and Spielburg know the signifcance of the source material. If they did one thing right with the Transformers movies is at least they got the size, scale, movements, abilites,and personalities of the characters down. In DBZ you had characters that where  lightning fast, superman strong, and let out energy (ki) blasts that could turn the rocky mountains into  another grand canyon. The sad thing is lets face it, there are only so many Transformers, Batman, Spiderman, etc movies left. This would have been a golden opportunity for Fox to land that big next epic movie franchise. Epic is the key word because while you can point out some the same flaws in Transformer RotF as you can in Dragonball, like pacing, plot holes, not so great action, what seperates the two is when it got down the action  Transformers was epic, Dragonball was not.  Dragonball Evolution should have been the kind of movie that had teaser trailers dating back almost a year from release.It should have had a 200 million dollar budget, and for crying out loud, some kind of pre-release press, even if its just freakin G4. By the way does anyone know if the movie was advertised on Cartoon Network?  In retospect I hope the answer was no. Afterall it was Cartoon Network that brought Dragonball DBZ an DBGT to the North American masses, why would they want all their hard work flushed down the toilet.  It is sad that this franchise is now ruined, it could have been something special. Maybe someone can pull a Hulk/Batman style reboot and get start over again, but I highly doubt anyone will.
B0009XNUK0|4.0|\\"Essential\\" compilations are usually doomed to failure from the standpoint that it cannot possibly please all of the fans.  Where are \\"essentials\\" like \\"Scream\\", \\"Childhood\\", \\"Stranger in Moscow\\", and others?  However, it could be argued that the mark of a good collection is that it makes one wish there was more.    Although \\"The Essential Michael Jackson\\" may not include every song any given fan might want--it's not a box set, after all--it does give one a thorough sample of the Michael Jackson you want to remember.  The musical journey begins with the seemingly innocent days of the Jackson 5 and bubblegum greats like \\"I Want You Back\\" and \\"ABC\\" and takes listeners all the way to \\"You Rock My World\\".    However, the focus of the treasury are Jackson's breakthrough discs THRILLER, BAD, and DANGEROUS.  These are the tunes everyone knew (as long as they owned a radio) and most folks have fond memories of.  Even lesser known tracks get a listen (\\"Human Nature\\", \\"In the Closet\\", \\"Who is It?\\", and others).      This compilation was issued in 2005, but the photographs included are pre-the newest nose; basically, how most people want to remember the King of Pop.    Overall, this collection will satsify fans and causal listeners alike.  It can be used as a memorial to a lost talent, or as an introduction to his creative musical works.
0374531269|3.0|I read this book without reading any prior reviews and couldn't put it down because I wanted to know how everything played out.  I began to read these reviews and did a little research on the accuracy of this book.  There are many events to question and few that have been disproved.  So the problem is how much of the events actually happened to the author. (Spoiler)  The wild pig chase, losing his family right before he was going to find them again, a few boys taking out a whole rebel unit, a 24 hour fight (no one runs out of ammo), being saved by his rap cassette, vivid detailed dreams, the grenade toss, and being stripped searched by border soldiers but then having money to take a cab are some of the events that may make you wonder is this fact vs. fiction.  The author should have explained the rationale for burning villages and killing civilians.  Was it tribal, religious, or just economic?  Also a chapter explaining the history of the civil war rather than a historic time line would have been helpful.  Finally I was left wondering what responsiblities should boy soliders have to bear.  Should they be charged, including the author, with war crimes for killing prisoners and slaughtering civilians?  If they are not charged and punished will that insure more future child soldiers?
B00006JLX4|1.0|I really wanted to like this. I really did. I've read so much about this band. Rolling Stone raved about them (that should've been a clue right there...). and then I pushed play....  And, what?!? this boring tuneless toneless twaddle comes out! BORING!!! Thank god I borrowed this from the library! I mean! I was really expceting the second coming of rock here!! And it just did not happen. Then it hit me that when it originally came out I never heard one song on the radio, not even college radio (the second clue!). Probably because the stations knew they'd lose listeners.  If you're looking for exciting, alive, jump up and down rock, look somewhere else, 'casue this ain't it.  Extremely disappointing!!!!
0439813786|4.0|An avid reader since childhood, I now use the fact that I have kids as a convenient excuse to read children's books. I saw this one at my boys' school library, was intrigued, and went out and bought a copy. I found the book to be a delightfully different experience. The combination of prose with pictures was a nice change and caused the pacing of the book to be more breathless and exciting. For example, why read a chase scene when, by turning pages, you can watch it instead? The story combines archetypal elements of adolescent fiction (a lonely orphan with prodigious gifts solving a mystery involving a reclusive old man) with ideas and images that struck me as fresh and new (the setting in a Paris train station, a curious automaton, and films from the dawn of their creation). The book was a page-turner that I devoured quickly and immediately recommended to my kids. Pick up this book for a refreshingly different and very enjoyable read.
B001EYGOEM|5.0|I bought this as I gift to my daughter, but I also love it.  Taylor has a great talent...
0345495004|4.0|I was not familar with the FLW saga and did not know much history of his life events, so I found the novel very entertaining. However, as a side note, the parts I found the most interesting was the role of women portrayed in this story.   Their role in the 1900's was presented as a one woman saga of struggling to be a whole person responsible for her own life and giving meaning to how she was respected by men and other women.  She had hard choices to make and the story presented her position quite clearly. So, yes it was a love story, but I saw more than this attraction to the story line that was well presented by the author. A classic to be sure, and accurate from what little research I did after I read the story.
B00000IQW5|5.0|The movie arrived sooner than I anticipated,  The DVD was in excellent condition and we infact watched it that evening.  I intend to order more DVD favoriates soon.
B001F0VHEM|5.0|This is a really tight collection of songs that don't stop rocking until the last note is sung. Pink is in top form and has never sounded better. All the songs on this CD work alone, and together, for an interesting, well-produced, top notch set.
B0027G783W|5.0|\\"Wait For Me\\" is a tender, refined and predominantly ambient CD of nonpareil electronic music that has some of the most melancholic, majestic and poignant soundscapes of Moby's career. It was recorded in Moby's home studio with the help of some very adept female vocalists. \\"Shot In The Back Of The Head\\" is one of the most harrowing and surreal instrumentals ever composed. There are many other great tracks such as \\"Division\\" that is laden with vintage synthetic strings. \\"Hope Is Gone\\" is a ballad replete with pathos. \\"Ghost Return\\" and \\"Slow Light\\" are driven by weeping keys. \\"Walk With Me\\" is accompanied by a grieving female voice. \\"JLTF\\" is resplendent with piano augmented by sad lyrics. \\"Pale Horses\\" is a brilliant vocal song that is emotive and grievous. \\"Seated Night\\" is a monastic and mystical instrumental. The boundlessly talented Moby has composed profoundly yearning and lush songs that make you want to cry in joy, sorrow,lament and angst. He's truly a peerless techno master who creates songs inducing mania to sounds that will arouse feelings of pity, compassion, sympathy and sorrow. Much of the music is sombre and stark but Moby is a musician with a spiritual heart of gold.
1572522828|3.0|Okay, first of all I will start by saying that the director of this film took a totally different direction with the film compared to Just Jaeckin's 1974 Emmanuelle.  On my first viewing I found this film very hard to follow being as there were many inconsistencies in accordance with the first film in which only six months has elapsed in the timeline of the movie.<br /><br />This time around, Emmanuelle is travelling to Hong Kong to visit her husband(not played by the original Daniel Sarky, but by Umberto Orsini), who instead of being a French diplomat as he was in the first film is now oddly an engineer/artist... Is he the same Jean character or did she coincidently marry another French man named Jean?  Not that the first Emmanuelle film was big on its plot, the sequel's plot seemed to be more scarce and focusing on the sex scenes, which pop up more randomly than the first,of course that's a big plus if you're really a fan of that kind of stuff. The scenes are often described as being 'sensual', but I just figured that the director was taking more risks by making the sex scenes a tad bit more raw and a bit sleazy(of course today's soft core is more sleazy). For instance, when Emmanuelle has fun with the blonde she meets on the boat...not nearly as sensual as the scenes with Bee in the first film. Not that I really understood why she joined the mile high club with two men in the first film, I was really baffled as to why she chose the injured polo player as her quest, or the dance instructor...or the three sailors??? She definitely enjoys her 'freedom' more in this one.<br /><br />While I found the plot a but hard to follow, Emmanuelle 2:L'Antiverge has a great score offered by Francis Lai(Love Story).  The opening theme is great, not a French classic as the 'Emmanuelle' song had become but still amazing.  There are many scenes within the movie where the soundtrack is beautiful such the acupuncture scene, the dance studio scene, and lastly the infamous bath house scene.<br /><br />I'm not sure if I have the completely uncut version of this film, but I do have scenes of the movie others have complained are missing from their versions. The version I have does indeed include the dance studio's interesting porn-toon peep show clip as well the bath house scene, which lasts well over three minutes so it couldn't possibly be cut. Btw, I have the 92min version, Fench dialogue/English subtitled.sure if I have the completely uncut version of this film, but I do have scenes of the movie others have complained are missing from their versions. The version I have does indeed include the dance studio's interesting porn-toon peep show clip as well the bath house scene, which lasts well over three minutes so it couldn't possibly be cut. Btw, I have the 92min version, Fench dialogue/English subtitled.
B001AIRUOU|5.0|this movie is good i love it!!!The picture quality is great. This makes a good gift. I purchased it for a friend and she loved it.
B000002PCS|5.0|Christopher....this is how I remember you...God rest your soul.  (I get massages while listening to this CD.)
0307454541|5.0|2009-06-30
0517565870|5.0|While the book is historical fiction, it incorporates real places and geographical references.  Rutherford uses an amazing style of writing that is easy to read and sets up a gripping narrative that makes the novel difficult to put down!  Don't be put off by the length!  This is one book that you will be sad to see come to an end.  However, with your taste whetted by a man who has to be one of the best writer's I've ever encountered, you'll be primed to continue the through-line with the follow-up novel, \\"London\\".
B001IAOEXU|5.0|popped them on without a problem, looked sturdy, as if they were the original buttons that came on the controller, and feel sooo good.
B0026PMN70|4.0|dope sound for sure, cant wait to see them live. wonder why the mixes from the fallin off the reel (vol. 2) sampler didnt make it? they have a more rugged and sticky sweet vibe that i personally prefer. these mixes sound a bit more sterile, so definitely check those others out. no matter -- the songs are what stand out. perfect sounds for summertime 2009. buy the vinyl!!!
B00005A8MA|5.0|I remember pulling a used 8 track tape of \\"BTR\\" out of a church basement sale box! I wore that baby out driving around in my '66 Ford convertible in the early 70's. For years I didn't realize I had only half of the album on that 8 track! You can imagine the joy of finding so much more of the same to listen to.<br /><br />I was not a real Mayall fan back then. More of a R'nR'er! But I knew Clapton, Taylor & Sugar. Not to mention Harvey Mandel who to me is \\"the guy\\" here on BTR! Believe me, Mick & Eric played some of the best stuff of their lives here! But as a guitar player, I know what Harvey is doing, and it may be more subtle, but vastly more creative and \\"out of the box\\" than the other players!<br /><br />Looking back at the time this album was made, critics were saying Mayall was breaking away from his \\"roots\\" and he was \\"too progressive\\". Also, many of the musicians on this album didn't play together, or even know each other! But, that may be a reason I like the album too! The \\"progressive\\" side of John Mayall is more melodic and pensive, in a good way!<br /><br />My favorite cut on the album 35 years ago, and now is \\"My Children\\". I didn't know then I would end up having 9 of my own! LOL This album just makes me happy, and touches a special place inside!<br /><br />I don't care for the remixes. I like it the way it \\"was\\"! As a matter of fact, I put them in the 8 track order on a cd, and listen to the songs driving around in my \\"old Ford\\" and return to a simpler time, Great music! Get it!
B00004SZWD|5.0|When people have conversations about what the best albums of all-time are, most of the time I hear \\"Songs in the Key of Life\\" mentioned. I have appreciated Stevie Wonder for a long time, but after listening to \\"Songs in the Key of Life\\", I think I'm in love! What a beautiful, creative, inspirational and sincere piece of work this is! This album was released in 1976, but somehow each and every song sounds crisp and fresh. It sounds so good that it sounds like it was recorded yesterday.<br /><br />There are a string of hits on \\"Songs in the Key of Life\\" like \\"Isn't She Lovely?\\", \\"As\\", \\"Pastime Paradise\\", \\"Sir Duke\\" and \\"I Wish.\\" Though those tracks were released, each and every song is worth listening to and Wonder obviously put time into each track. My personal favorite song is the amazing \\"Knocks Me Off My Feet.\\" Everything about this song is great from the melody to the magnificent production, namely the piano chords. \\"As\\" sends chills through me with every listen. This song was sampled by a rapper named Nonchalant; she called her version \\"Until the Day.\\" The lyrics to \\"As\\" are very profound. \\"Ebony Eyes\\" is another highlight. This song immediately grasps your attention and holds it until song's end.<br /><br />If \\"Songs in the Key of Life\\" is not in your collection, I don't know what's wrong; you need to add it quickly! This is music. This is music at it's very best!<br /><br />Mikeisha's Top 5<br /><br />1. \\"Knocks Me off My Feet\\"<br />2. \\"As\\"<br />3. \\"Pastime Paradise\\"<br />4. \\"I Wish\\"<br />5. \\"Isn't She Lovely\\"
B000UJ48WC|5.0|Kubrick said to his photographer on the Shining, \\"the frame is exactly 1.85:1.\\"  \\"Obviously, you compose for that but protect the full 1.33:1 area.\\"  Hence, the new dvd and blu-ray are the closest to being correct.  Why closest?  They're slightly blown up to 1.78:1.
0385341008|5.0|I loved this book and didn't want it to end.  It lives up to all its great reviews.
B00005N6KG|1.0|The feedback via the metal prong was so bad I didn't actually get to try them out.  They didn't fit right, the materials they were made from reminded me of a .25 toy from a machine.  They had no chance in this life time of staying in my ears - running with them is out of the question.<br /><br />Since I couldn't hear with them and they wouldn't fit in my ears - there is no possible use I can imagine for these headphones other than yard sale for .10.  Even a cheapo $3.00 pair of headphones from any outlet will be better quality then these.  I have never seen such a crude set of headphones - ever and I'm really surprised they have the Sony brand name attached.
0142000671|2.0|I was made to read this for English and thoroughly disliked every moment of it. I thought the plot was boring and it wasn't nearly as good as everyone appears to believe it is.   The only reason I am not giving 1 star is because when I look back on the story I can sort of see it being realistic, but then again every time I hear mention of this book I pretty much get nightmares.
B001V7YWTQ|4.0|This is very good and well done from song selection to production.You should have this selection.
0385338732|3.0|The character is not as likeable as Kinsella's others so I had a hard time attaching to her.  The book is just not as entertaining as Can You Keep a Secret? or the Shopaholic books.  I was turned off in the first chapter when the mother calls someone \\"retarded\\".  I admit that as a mother of a daughter with Down Syndrome, I'm very sensitive about hearing others use this word as a synonym for \\"stupid\\"
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I was very pleased with my DVD set and so was the person who received it! It came quickly and the transaction was perfect! Always a pleasure to do business with Amazon.com!
0375826726|5.0|Though I was upset I had to wait ages for the -another- book (it was originally a trilogy), I am glad because it means the story is not over and the story has not been prematurely crammed into this book.    Awesome book, would recommend - but read the other 2 first!!
B00005JPFH|3.0|Well, the product seemed used but in good condition. i bought new and came in wrap that looked like it was done at home.
0316044695|5.0|Once I picked this book up, I could not put it down.  It was exciting, informative and emotional.  The Hero's and heroics described in this book literally choked me up.    While I'm sure it wasn't a focal point or intent of the author's, I especially appreciated the parts about how outdated Rules of Engagement, the biased liberal media and civilian lawyers are getting brave men and women killed every day.  This is something America needs to see, realize and wake up to.  This cannot continue.    Pickup this book, you won't regret it for a moment and you will end up passing it around to friends and family so you will get your money's worth.
B001EOQWFI|5.0|Wall-e is for anyone.  If you haven't seen it, buy it and you'll be glad you did.  It is a very relevant movie for today, but it is also timeless.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|UP is a film unlike any I have ever seen, and I'm glad to say that I mean that in the best possible way.  Animation has long been a force in motion pictures because, to be plain about it, you can draw (or in the modern world, computer animate) things that would be difficult to impossible to replicate with \\"live-action\\" films.  (CGI blurs the boundaries, but this isn't the place for that discussion.)<br /><br />UP is a film with characters more believable and lovable than any ten brain-dead films you're likely to see beween now and Halloween.  It is sad and poignant, and it is often laugh out loud funny.<br /><br />The film begins with a young boy, Carl, who is adventurous and playful and meets a young girl, Ellie, who is even more adventurous.  We learn in this early part that a famous explorer hasn't been seen for decades after heading off to Paradise Falls in a South American jungle.  As children, Carl and Ellie idolized this explorer. After their pre-pubertal meet-cute, we're treated to an exceptional montage giving us a sense of the life Carl and Ellie enjoy together, ending with an elderly Carl who has recently lost the love of his life.<br /><br />Thus begins the next act of the film.  Carl, voiced wonderfully by treasured Ed Asner, is still living in the home he shared for years with Ellie.  The rest of the neighborhood has been leveled by a high-rise construction company, and they have Carl in their sites.  Carl flies off the handle in an altercation with the construction crews, and is ordered to a retirement home.<br /><br />Carl instead hitches the home to a flock of helium balloons and heads the old home place for Paradise Falls.  He soon discovers a stowaway quaking on the front porch: zealous Explorer Scout Russell, who happened to be on Carl's porch trying to earn his \\"Help the Elderly\\" merit badge.<br /><br />They make their way through a few flying perils and arrive near the mysterious Paradise Falls, where they find dogs who can mysteriously speak.  (An hilarious recurring joke makes much of the fact that dogs can be totally and suddenly distracted by even a mention of a squirrel.)<br /><br />The film recycles a few old chestnut themes like \\"following your dream\\" and \\"being there for one another,\\" but it does so with such a knowing and tender and kind-hearted perspective that you can't help but be enchanted by this exceptional film.  Pixar has another home run.  Enjoy!ch of the fact that dogs can be totally and suddenly distracted by even a mention of a squirrel.)    The film recycles a few old chestnut themes like \\"following your dream\\" and \\"being there for one another,\\" but it does so with such a knowing and tender and kind-hearted perspective that you can't help but be enchanted by this exceptional film.  Pixar has another home run.  Enjoy!
B000B0QOJA|5.0|OK, maybe some of this music was previously avaliable on an obscure label. Maybe it's a bit short for a double disc. What you have here is an hour and a half or so of absolute magic! This is not Coltrane's really crazy, hard to understand Avant-Garde stuff. Just some fantastic jazz.  Great recording quality for a broadcast of it's era (due to being from an early stereo FM station), this presents one of the most legendary modern jazz lineups at their most accessable. Check out the title cut to see just how magical the interplay can be between four master jazzmen. McCoy Tyner on piano absolutely sparkles throughout.  Yes, you should probably start with the Monk/Trane @ Carnegie Hall,or Trane at Birdland, they're also incredible! But get this too, and hope Impulse also offers us the other two broadcasts someday.
1594830835|4.0|\\"Oliver Stone,\\" who takes as a pseudonym the name of the famous film director so closely associated with big conspiracy theories, is the head of The Camel Club, a gang of four eccentrics who meet regularly to solve what are, well, little conspiracies.  Stone, as it turns out, is much more than the live-in cemetery worker and quiet White House protestor with a tent in Lafayette Square who leads a nerdy gang; he has a mysterious and dangerous past that he is soon very reluctantly to face again.<br /><br />During a meeting one night on Washington, D.C.'s Roosevelt Island, the Camel Club, the eponymous gang of David Baldacci's fast paced terrorism thriller, are witnesses to a killing.  They learn that the murdered man was a Secret Service agent seconded to the National Intelligence Center, and the killers, lackeys of that same all-powerful agency.  The Camel Club has stumbled into a deep government conspiracy, one that will extend all the way to a terrorist plot against the U.S. President.  Together with a nearly washed up, lonely, but heroic Secret Service agent, Alex Ford, they will try to bust up the conspiracy and so no less than save the world from utter destruction.<br /><br />The novel makes considerable hay with government conspiracy, and works largely well to build excitement.  There are quite a few characters to keep track of, many of whom have their own subplots that only late in the novel are tied together (with a few gaffes; watch for the magically appearing mug shot).  Whatever verisimilitude THE CAMEL CLUB might have had at the start of the story is pretty much lost by its denouement; by that time one's ability to suspend disbelief has been sorely tested.  This is exacerbated by the formulaic nature of the writing; its predictability becomes starkly apparent during the novel's climactic showdown when I found myself literally counting down how many killers were left.  But perhaps Baldacci's nearly unforgivable sin is being so ponderously preachy about the nature of the conflict between the West and Muslim extremism.<br /><br />Still, many of us don't expect great writing in a thriller, just escapism--the equivalent of a terrific summer popcorn movie.  In that respect THE CAMEL CLUB doesn't disappoint.  The reader on the audio CD version, Jonathan Davis, is excellent (despite the fact that he can't do a Southern accent if his life depended on it).nflict between the West and Muslim extremism.    Still, many of us don't expect great writing in a thriller, just escapism--the equivalent of a terrific summer popcorn movie.  In that respect THE CAMEL CLUB doesn't disappoint.  The reader on the audio CD version, Jonathan Davis, is excellent (despite the fact that he can't do a Southern accent if his life depended on it).
0198534469|5.0|It's tragic that so many other books are so pedantic and lacking in insight. This book teaches genuine understanding, so that the symbols that you manipulate never become detached from the underlying geometry. As you read this book, you gain true understanding and realize how remarkable a subject this is. Unfortuantely, I suspect that many other authors simply do not possess the imagination required to write such an original and beautiful book.
B001FB4W0W|4.0|It's like \\"Dark Shadows,\\" but with actual sex and story lines that go somewhere. The premise of an \\"out\\" vampire culture is explored well, as are several other supernatural themes.  Other than a couple of characters (particularly Lafayette) I didn't think the acting was all that great, but that never prevented me for enjoying the series.  If you're into vampire stories, this is definitely one you gotta check out. (Axton)
0385495323|4.0|I bought this book because I'm interested in cryptology but do not have the time to dig deep into specialist books. The book did not dissapoint me - it is well written, not too technical but doesn't 'dumb down' the essence of cryptology too much. The only reason why I wouldn't want to give it 5 stars is that it is a bit dated. Written quite obviously before 9/11, it is a bit too optimistic on the outcome of the battle between code makers and code breakers.     A good book, fun to read, and relatively easy to grasp.
B001H5X7KC|5.0|This movie was so freakin halarious.  If Robert Downey Jr. was the only actor in the film it would still be great.  I love the idea of an actor getting stuck in character or in a certain state of mind.... Robert Downey said something like, \\"After I played Lance Armstrong they found me in an alley trying to re-renter the Earth's atmosphere in a cardboard box.\\"  And Ben Stiller, \\"I have a home now, and a child.\\"  I didn't see the Director's Cut, but I highly recommend the actual release.
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I have tried a lot of workout videos and finally came across this one. It wasn't too long so I didn't get too tired and I liked the simple yet effective routine. I also liked Erin and thought she was a fabulous fitness instructor. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a good, solid workout that won't really tire you too much. Another good one [[ASIN:B000GB5M0Q Denise Austin: Fit & Firm Pregnancy]].
B0001XPY1G|5.0|The Very Best of The Jacksons is one of the better retrospectives of their work together; we get terrific music from them all the way through. The Jacksons are no longer a group, of course; and Michael has left us. However, this two CD set allows their identities to live on through their music and that's wonderful. The quality of the sound on these two CDs is excellent and I like the artwork.<br /><br />The first CD begins with an awesome track, \\"I Want You Back.\\" \\"I Want You Back\\" features Michael front and center; his vocals are awesome and the others do a fantastic job, too! \\"ABC\\" is a great tune that's infectiously catchy; I love it. \\"The Love You Save\\" is also another classic Jackson 5 tune; Michael sounds perfect on this track and the rest of the group performs this with panache. These three numbers make a stunning beginning for the first CD--and \\"\\"I'll Be There\\" shines equally bright--what a good number this is! \\"I'll Be There\\" uses the percussion rather well and they harmonize faultlessly. \\"Mama's Pearl\\" is also catchy; and I really love their original rendition of \\"Never Can Say Goodbye\\" by Clifton Davis. \\"Never Can Say Goodbye\\" again has Michael in the spotlight and it all holds it all very well. \\"Dancing Machine\\" has a strong disco beat that gets my feet tapping to the beat even all these years later; and \\"Doctor My Eyes\\" gets the royal treatment from these artists who deliver it without letting go of a single superfluous note! \\"Got to Be There\\" charms me with its beauty; and wow, how the music fits in perfectly with their vocals! \\"Rockin' Robin\\" is cute; and a rather young Michael Jackson outdoes even himself on the classic hit entitled \\"Ben.\\"<br /><br />The second CD continues the hits. \\"Can You Feel It\\" is a fast paced hit that sounds wonderful--this ought to get you up on the floor and dancing practically wherever you are! \\"Blame It on the Boogie\\" continues in the same vein; and \\"Enjoy Yourself\\" is a masterpiece by The Jacksons that proves they had a singular talent--awesome! \\"Let Me Show You the Way to Go\\" is also very well done; this just plain sounds good. In addition, \\"Goin' Places\\" is another major highlight of this two CD set--this music is all THAT good. The Jacksons also perform \\"Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground)\\" flawlessly; this leaves nothing to be desired and that percussion makes the music just right for their vocals. \\"Lovely One\\" has great vocalizing and the beat is catchy yet again; and I always enjoy hearing them do their usual best on \\"This Place Hotel (aka Heartbreak Hotel).\\" \\"Walk Right Now\\" from their album entitled \\"Triumph\\" has a flavor that almost sounds like a pop number mixed with a touch of disco and The Jacksons do \\"Walk Right Now\\" to perfection--and beyond! The Jacksons also do a great job on a live track of Michael's \\"Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough\\" which was recorded when they were touring.<br /><br />The Jacksons deliver so much good music on these two CDs it hard for me to truly single out just two or three songs that are sublime. Indeed, their work was nothing short of untouchable genius and when I listen to these songs I can easily understand why they are remembered so fondly. I highly recommend this for their fans; and perhaps fans of Michael Jackson will want this for their collections as well.--awesome! \\"Let Me Show You the Way to Go\\" is also very well done; this just plain sounds good. In addition, \\"Goin' Places\\" is another major highlight of this two CD set--this music is all THAT good. The Jacksons also perform \\"Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground)\\" flawlessly; this leaves nothing to be desired and that percussion makes the music just right for their vocals. \\"Lovely One\\" has great vocalizing and the beat is catchy yet again; and I always enjoy hearing them do their usual best on \\"This Place Hotel (aka Heartbreak Hotel).\\" \\"Walk Right Now\\" from their album entitled \\"Triumph\\" has a flavor that almost sounds like a pop number mixed with a touch of disco and The Jacksons do \\"Walk Right Now\\" to perfection--and beyond! The Jacksons also do a great job on a live track of Michael's \\"Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough\\" which was recorded when they were touring.    The Jacksons deliver so much good music on these two CDs it hard for me to truly single out just two or three songs that are sublime. Indeed, their work was nothing short of untouchable genius and when I listen to these songs I can easily understand why they are remembered so fondly. I highly recommend this for their fans; and perhaps fans of Michael Jackson will want this for their collections as well.
B001FB55HG|4.0|There was something of a sharp inhalation of breath from my lover and I when we discovered that [[ASIN:B000056PMV Charlie's Angels (Special Edition)]] director McG was to helm the fourth instalment of one of our favourite film franchises. We firmly envisioned a disaster of the proportions of [[ASIN:B000VNMMR0 Live Free or Die Hard (Unrated Edition)]] - a film so monumentally awful that I found myself wishing that the memory erasure technology from [[ASIN:B00005JMJG Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind (Widescreen Edition)]] actually existed so that I could smite my synapses of that awful travesty of that sequel, after having seen it.    But then, as release time drew closer, trailers emerged that actually made us wonder whether their might be some life in the old T800 yet. One notorious sound-clip of a throwing-the-toys-from-the-pram onset moment later and the patient was ready to be released on an unsuspecting public.     And, once the bandages were off, we were left with a movie that is markedly different from its predecessors and frankly none the worse for it.    First off, cards on the table - [[ASIN:B000OPOAM0 The Terminator]] and [[ASIN:B00005JM0B Terminator 3 - Rise of the Machines (2-Disc Widescreen Edition)]] are my favourite films from the series. Yes, [[ASIN:B001VLBDD0 Terminator 2 - Judgment Day]] may have been a breath-taking showcase for the burgeoning technology of CGI at the time, but the film lacks re-watchability and for me fell into the trap of most sequels by rehashing the plot of the first whilst making the effects bigger and better. I was not a fan of the way that Cameron softened the T800 or recycled the chase through refinery/factory ending of the first film. Also, in my humble opinion, T2 is too long and bloated for its own good.     T3, although panned by the majority of critics at the time of release, struck me as being far more of a return to the dark fatalism of the first instalment of the series as well as the ruthlessness of the original film's mechanical protagonist. The ending was also absolutely breath-taking and promised to move the series on from the standard \\"chase through contemporary California\\" shtick.    A more appropriate title for \\"Terminator: Salvation\\" may have been, \\"Terminator: Year One\\" as essentially this is what you have here. The Year is 2018, a scant fifteen years since \\"Judgement Day\\", and it would seem that both Skynet and The Resistance are still largely in their embryonic stages and are locked in a stalemate over territory. John Connor (Christian Bale) is, at this time, essentially a grunt in the Tec-Com forces who is resented by the resistance command and control structure for his wilfulness, savvy and lack of respect for the upper echelons of command. During a mission to destroy a Skynet installation, Connor unwittingly releases Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington), a death-row prisoner who was reprieved from execution, prior to judgement day, after agreeing to donate his body to a certain company known as Cyberdyne systems...    In isolation, Connor and a befuddled Wright, who finds himself staggering through the unfamiliar world of a post-apocalyptic Earth, slowly begin to piece together a conspiracy which will have devastating consequences for all involved.     To reveal more of the plot would be to ruin one of the more enjoyable thrill-rides of 2009. While it's true to say that the film is not without faults (one wonders where the female resistance fighters get their make-up and haircare products; how a helicopter is actually capable of out-running a Nuclear explosion and whether two children would really be able to eke out an existence in a city which had suffered multiple ICBM strikes only 15 years earlier), if you can overlook them, you're treated to a rather splendid \\"cloak and dagger\\" plot that brings to mind Brian G. Hutton's awesome 1968 thriller, [[ASIN:B0007TKNME Where Eagles Dare]]. True, you may see some of the twists coming, but, personally, this didn't detract from my enjoyment of the film and only served to make the villainy of Skynet even more insidious and calculating.    On the whole, performances are good. Bale makes a perfectly serviceable war-grizzled Connor and he is equally matched by Sam Worthington's hard-bitten Wright who shares probably the same amount of screen-time. Although it's true that Bryce-Dallas Howard is somewhat underused as Kate Brewster, it strikes me that this is the first film in a new phase of the series and I suspect she will come to the fore if and when this new take on an old standard is allowed to progress.     McG as a director, thankfully, keeps it old-school and chooses not to employ the irritating hyper-kinetic CGI/shakey-camism so beloved of action directors such as the Wachowskis and Paul Greengrass. It really was refreshing to be able to see what was going on in a shot for a change.    My advice - rent before you buy if T2 was more your thing. I suspect that if you're a fan of the sneakier, more ruthless Skynet of first film though, then you're going to enjoy this sequel.     Definitely a film that I'll be adding to my DVD collection in time.
B0028SVXR6|3.0|3 1/2    Sure its less cerebral  and generally more subdued and accessible than past outings although that seems almost like a blessing when listening to how far off course they've strayed from compositional accomplishments lately, focusing upon derailment instead. Here longtime fans may sigh collective relief at this conscious attempt to wrangle elements astray, but we can only still continue to wait however for that Deloused part 2.
B00297FEUS|1.0|Well, I thought this was going to be awesome. I thought that it was going to be remastered as it states but if it is it is worse than when it was originally released in quality sound. Now I thought this was going to be a great CD especially with the extra tracks being added on another disc. However, it is not at all what it was promoted to be. I am a fan of Twisted Sister but this disc is not worth having unless and I mean UNLESS you are an avid collector of their music. I mean it is what it is. It was nice to take a trip down memory lane but if you want some good advice buy the Still Hungry cd instead even though it does not have the original sound to the songs. The only thing on this cd that is any good is the new song 30. I mean the demos are not even full songs. most of the songs clock in at 1:44 on the second disc. Save your money is my opinion.
B0000DJE9R|3.0|Growing up anywhere from the early 60's to the late 80's it was hard to ignore Mr. Jackson. I think it is safe to say some of the things he recorded (Billie Jean, Dirty Diana, Thriller and I just can't stop Loving you) are classics and should be treated like so. After that it is just a mish-mosh of over produced pop hits that didn't at all stand the test of time. (pretty much the rest of this CD and almost everything he recorded) now that Michael is no longer with us there is still no reason to run to the local record store and buy this or anything that he did. Wait for another year and all the people that are jumping on the bandwagon now will be selling this at yard sales once they realize that he was really nothing more then just a good performer and classic weirdo. I'd almost call him a good writer, but most of those aforemetioned clasic wern't even writen by him. Thats all fokes
B0013N4AT0|3.0|3 1/2    Still one of only a handful of death metal-inflected releases I can admire, if anything for the fascinating acoustic balladry which made for such inspired transitioning in a field still needing so much. Though in the end one can feel the strain in its epic approach, SL  still packs life.
B0029358GM|4.0|Wilco has always been a band more than willing to change things up to fit whatever wild musical direction they felt like pursuing. From the sunny pop harmonies of Summerteeth, to their oscillating experimentalist rock on A Ghost is Born, to the big middle finger to the music industry that was Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, Jeff Tweedy and company have not been content to sit on their laurels. That's why it was a little disheartening to hear their 2007 work Sky Blue Sky, a record rightly criticized for its fairly tame material and, dare I say it, a boring Wilco record.<br /><br />That isn't to say Wilco is at their best when they're experimenting or throwing all songwriting conventions to the wind; indeed, Summerteeth more than proved this band had the chops to make bright `70s pop their own, and opener \\"Wilco (The Song)\\" only supports them further. As Tweedy asks \\"are times getting tough / are the roads you travel rough\\" over a crunching backbeat and guitarist Nels Cline's distorted shrill, it's even more obvious than after Sky Blue Sky that Tweedy has left his millennial demons behind him. When the chorus of \\"Wilco, Wilco, Wilco will love you, baby\\" hits, it fires off the album in the best kind of pop direction, one bursting with vibrancy and the kind of energy the band seemed to lack on their last effort.<br /><br />It's hard to pigeonhole Wilco in any other way other than their clear energy, as, much like the band's discography, things change quick here. \\"Deeper Down\\" is an intricately fingerpicked exercise in how to build atmosphere, while a song like \\"Sunny Feeling\\" builds itself around another sinuous riff by Cline (whose distinctive guitar work is truly the highlight of the musicians here) and a charged performance by Tweedy. The lovely \\"You and I,\\" meanwhile, is a simple acoustic duet with Feist that initially seems like it's going to choke on cloying amounts of sweetness, but the sincere lyrics (\\"I think we can take it / all the good with the bad / make something that no one else has\\") and the unexpectedly natural pairing that Feist and Tweedy make turns it into the album's heartwarming center.<br /><br />If \\"You and I\\" is the heart, then the stunningly crafted \\"Bull Black Nova\\" is the dark, twisted brain behind Wilco's talent. Part \\"Via Chicago\\" and part \\"Spiders (Kidsmoke),\\" the tale of spousal homicide is equally a haunting confessional and an instrumental showcase, particularly past the midpoint where Cline puts on a virtuoso solo that is undeniably Wilco. Tweedy's lyrics are as grainy and real as a black-and-white crime scene photograph, his protagonist worrying \\"it's my hair / there's blood in the sink / I can't calm down, I can't think\\" before the guitars coalesce into a distorted, needling whirl and Tweedy sums everything up with a wild shriek: \\"I freak out / oh black out.\\"<br /><br />A few songs, however, betray Wilco's lazier tendencies, particularly first single \\"You Never Know.\\" The tinkling pianos and arena rock riffs showcase the worst from Sky Blue Sky's MOR-ready malaise, and the chorus lacks the kind of rushing energy of \\"Wilco (The Song).\\" \\"I'll Fight\\" largely falls into the same lite-rock morass, although this time it's Tweedy's uninspired lyrics (\\"I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go for you / I will\\" goes the chorus) that doom the song. And it's a shame that the album has to end on the cheesy whimper that is \\"Everlasting Everything,\\" where Tweedy spouts such wise sentiments as \\"everything alive must die / every building built to the sky will fall\\" and the most exciting part is the trippy guitar confetti Cline throws on the end of the track.<br /><br />But for most of Wilco, the band is more than up to the task of again opening up a new chapter in their history, one that calls up shadows of their past in songs like the mournful, double-tracked \\"Solitaire\\" and simultaneously proves that the band are striking out for new territory, like in the uncharacteristically optimistic titular song or the charming \\"You and I.\\" By balancing the best of their pop sensibilities with their irresistible creative energies, Wilco have made their most confident record, one nearly brimming, even for all its flaws, with possibilities for the future.their pop sensibilities with their irresistible creative energies, Wilco have made their most confident record, one nearly brimming, even for all its flaws, with possibilities for the future.
031606792X|5.0|I would like to say first that I adored this novel, and I felt so sick to my stomach when I read these reviews that I had to say something. I am mainly writing this for those people- those jackasses who felt they had to write short stories on how much they now hate Stephenie Meyers because she ruined the series for them- because I love you Stephenie Meyers and I truly believe that this novel was fantastic! Now:  What in the world is going on with you losers? I would just like to say to all of the moronic peabrains who actually looked at the affection Jacob has for the \\"little nudger\\", all of you who find it perverted, that would be because YOU ARE! Stephenie Meyer achieved something that so few authors have and/or could achieve in this day and age. She wrote four stunning novels that speak with such a beautiful, eloquent innocence that makes anyone reading them wish that they lived a life such as Bella's, and not just because she has a gorgeous hubby and a loving family. To everybody that responded, and the original snot who wasted so much precious time reading this godforsaken book, not to mention writing a frickin blog on how much she hated the book- NONE OF YOU DESERVED TO READ ANY OF THESE BOOKS. Not to mention how would you like to be the writer of these books? It is just evil and cruel to write the way you wrote this, to speak as though because you didn't like this book that means she has destroyed the phenomenon that is Twilight. Meyer has loudly spoken of how she feels for these books, these characters are like her babies, the books one of her livelihoods. And you come on here and put her down like this? Comparing her love of these to Bronte and Shakespeare? If you didn't like it why did you even finish it?  And lastly, for those true lovers of Twilight, this was a lovingly done ending- a truly complete step in the direction of finding love no matter how strange, and accepting it. Even as it made me cry to have it end Breaking Dawn is one of the greatest endings to any series, one of my all time favorite novels. And coming from a girl with almost 600 novels in my collection, and who works in a library, I happen to think that's saying something.  How about next time you just give the book to someone who thinks their life is awful, and tell them \\"here this will make you feel better, at least your not stuck with Edward.\\"
B000006045|4.0|With a solid set of cold embraces, this massively influential trip-hop unit's most mature construct to date can fizzle off slightly in overly pseudo-cool but remains a must own for anyone interested in electronic music.
B000059T00|5.0|The CD is fantastic but the service rendered by the seller was in fact the worst I have ever experianced and will make me avoid ever using Amazon again.
B000AOEMXM|3.0|After ~loving~ \\"The Next Generation\\" and \\"Voyager\\", (and ~hating~ the disgraceful DVD packaging) I was really looking forward to this. But \\"Enterprise\\" appears to cater to the Dateless-Wonder/Teenaged male segment of the Trekkie populace.   Seems like every other episode contains some juvenile scenario with the supermodel-Vulcan science officer T'Pol getting rubbed down with decon-ointment or in the throes of accelerated Vulcan mating drive with some hapless (& geeky & chubby) doctor.  And the soundtrack is an awful, awful Christian-Rock ballad.   If you are a 13-year-old male and like the idea of a supermodel falling breasts-first into the face of her captain when the ship gets jarred, you'll love \\"Enterprise.\\"   It's not horrible, but nowhere near as good as TNG, VOY, or TOS.
B00004XPPE|5.0|FAIL SAFE catches the mood of the fear of the sixties and viewings today confirm that fear has not waned.  Director Sidney Lumet takes the bestselling novel by Eugene Burdick and Harvey Wheeler and presents a nightmare scenario of a nuclear holocaust that the concluding disclaimer of its unlikelihood cannot erase.  This is one of those movies that invite repeat viewings with each one revealing an unappreciated aspect of the symbiosis between cast, crew, and filming technology.<br /><br />There is a tendency to judge FAIL SAFE with the similar themed DOCTOR STRANGELOVE, but the comic undertones of the latter are replaced by a stark grimness that is heightened by the grainy black and white filming that shows the cast caught in a claustrophobic series of vignettes that range from the War Room of the Pentagon to the President's private room to the cockpit of a jet bomber.  Lumet uses shifting camera angles to unexpectedly heighten tension during key scenes.  Even seemingly innocent scenes benefit from this shift.  Remember when Buck the translator (Larry Hagman) enters an elevator only to see the back of a man who turns his head to reveal that he is the President (Henry Fonda)? Or when Colonel Cascio (Fritz Weaver) rises from his chair which is discretely below camera range to reveal his horror at having been ordered to reveal to the Soviets classified secrets that he cannot force himself to divulge?  Scenes such as these typically are framed within a box of some sort.  Even when the box is huge such as the War Room or cramped such as in one of the cockpits of the attacking jets the feeling of increasing tension crackles.<br /><br />FAIL SAFE is mostly a series of \\"small\\" scenes that are strung together with the cast limited to that scene. The most powerful man on earth, (the President) is seen almost entirely esconced in his tiny private office.  His advisors, led by Professor Grotechelle (Walter Matthau), operate within the much larger context of the War Room, but they are helpless to do no more than advise a man who in all probability has already made up his mind.  And then there are the pilots led by Colonel Grady (Edward Binns) who are right there in the front lines but can do nothing but follow a preprogrammed course of mutually assured destruction.<br /><br />What emerges from a multiple series of viewings is the unsettling notion that the horrific events of the destruction of Moscow and New York are made horrific not so much by simply noting their destruction, but by using the full power of the film media to subliminally insinuate in the minds of the audience that mass destruction is more of a function of the senses than of reality.to do no more than advise a man who in all probability has already made up his mind.  And then there are the pilots led by Colonel Grady (Edward Binns) who are right there in the front lines but can do nothing but follow a preprogrammed course of mutually assured destruction.     What emerges from a multiple series of viewings is the unsettling notion that the horrific events of the destruction of Moscow and New York are made horrific not so much by simply noting their destruction, but by using the full power of the film media to subliminally insinuate in the minds of the audience that mass destruction is more of a function of the senses than of reality.
B0019CSXAM|5.0|if you have a funny bone even hidden well in the depths of your soul BUY THIS TV SERIES. it will be the funniest thing you have seen in forever.
0312944926|1.0|This is just plain silly. Technically it doesn't make sense. In fact, the inaccuracies and odd conception the author has of the IT world are nothing short of insulting. You could get away with this kind of techno-babble 20 years ago, but readers are too smart these days to have the wool pulled over their eyes. It has all the feel of a bad high school assignment but all is not lost. With the audio version there are enough disks to provide coasters for a good sized dinner party.
B000X5SPBI|4.0|Is it this particular season, is it my copy only, or did they not put the classic rock and roll on this dvd set?  Some of the best part of this show is the music they use and how perfectly it complements every scene, every highway drive, everything.  I missed part of this season live and bought the dvd set and aside from a few songs in a bar scene, there's hardly any music at all.  No music in the opening scenes....the previous two seasons, almost every drive had classic rock blasting, most opening scenes had music, but I'm almost through and there's still almost no music.    Is this one of those great shows with great music that can't deliver on dvd because they never got the rights to the music?  If that's the case I'm really mad - not just at the show for not paying the price for the rights but at those who won't release the music for the dvd set.    Otherwise, they stopped using music this season and I didn't know because I only saw a few episodes live - once I missed an episode, I couldn't watch the rest live, it wouldn't be the same.  I know, watch it on the internet - no can do for a great show like this.  There's got to be atmosphere and sitting in front of a computer doesn't do it for me-you just can't get appropriately creeped out.    Since nobody else mentioned it in the reviews, either nobody else cares because the show is great no matter what - or I somehow got the one copy without any music, or they didn't hardly use any classic rock this season.    What gives?  Five star show, five star season, but you lose a star for the no music on my dvd set because I can't believe they cut that out for season 3.
B000R5O018|5.0|First thoughts...Very good. Funny movie that rips off other movies. The main rip off movie is Scream. Nicely done movie. Let's go to the breakdown.<br /><br />1.  Directing--Nice camera job from Keenen Ivory Wayans. Not too bad, but it could have improved in some areas.<br />2.  Script--Very well done writing job. I loved the way this movie ripped off other movies, and did a good job of it too. Nice job.<br />3.  Acting--Not too bad, but could have been better. You've got Anna Faris and Shannon Elizabeth.<br /><br />Now for the content review.<br />Rated R for strong crude sexual humor, language, drug use and violence.<br /><br />1.  Sex/Nudity=9/10. This movie is pretty bad on sexual jokes and actual nudity. A few scenes of male nudity.<br />2.  Violence/Gore=6/10. There is some violence including blood, but it is played for laughs. None of the death scenes are scary.<br />3.  Language=8/10. Kind of high up there. 22 F-words and other profanities.<br /><br />Final thoughts...Overall 5/5. I thought it was a very funny and well done movie. Highly recommended to comedy and horror fans.
B001FB4VZS|5.0|First and most important, I loved this season and can't wait to watch it again to catch on to some of the things the fly by me when it's live.    I started watching live in season 6 and before it ended, I had bought every season on dvd.  I still cannot wait until the dvd comes out for every new season.  I know it has changed over time, and is different every season but that is because actors get older, characters graduate high school and relationships change and grow.  When a show is this great, year after year, there's bound to be people who wish it was always the same, and therefore absolutely as great always because it is exactly the same.  Some episodes are better than others, and there are always growing pains in great shows but I don't see that as bad - every season is different for some reason or another.  But being a new fan who watched all seasons in one year, in a row, I see the changes and the growth all together at once and I absolutely love it.  I understand wanting it to be the same because it is so great from the beginning but to call for such a great show to be cancelled because it is different,  is just heartbreaking.  Real, true fans who don't like some episodes or seasons, can forgive and come back or just don't watch but I've had many favorites that drifted and then had episodes or further seasons that I loved.      All too often great shows aren't even given a chance to air two or three episodes, much less two or three seasons to grow a decent fan base - or like this year in particular, many with good-even great ratings are cancelled for unknown reasons.  With the trash on tv these days, Smallville is miles above 99% of the shows and should certainly not be cancelled.  I give CW huge kudos for giving Smallville and Supernatural a chance, and keeping them on TV when there is such pressure to cancel anything that doesn't hit American Idol or Grey's Anatomy season 1 ratings because apparently networks tend to think if they aren't number one, the next show they try will most certainly be number one and therefore no matter how good, no matter how decent the ratings, if they aren't number one, they get canned without a second thought.  Unique shows, like Smallville and Supernatural are particularly vulnerable because they aren't yet another Law and Order or CSI.  I like CSI and L&O but that doesn't mean I don't want some variety in my choice of shows.  I don't want a copy of every show that's popular, I just want great shows and I am so thankful to have that in  Smallville.  I love this show because it is different every week, has surprises that fit the show, and have terrific actors and characters.  I Love this season, as much as all the others.
0452289963|1.0|Barack Obama's connections to Oprah Winfrey and her New Age guru, Eckhart Tolle, are the least examined, yet most revealing, and by far the most potentially ruinous of the senator's controversial associations. Obama claims to be a \\"committed Christian,\\" yet appears to support Oprah in the worldwide dissemination of Tolle's and her virulent anti-Christian doctrine.     The closeness of the connection may now be paying off. Oprah has rejected the idea of having Republican Vice Presidential candidate Gov. Sarah Palin as a guest on her show before the election. Palin would seem a natural. Did Oprah put Palin aside because of her loyalty to Obama?     And who is Eckhart Tolle? According to his own account, after a childhood of trauma and a young adult life of despair and depression, Tolle, at age twenty-nine, experienced a psychic split in his personality during which his ego or his false, suffering-self collapsed, leaving him with the realization of his \\"true nature as the ever-present I am, consciousness in its pure state prior to identification with form.\\" Not long after that, he entered into what he calls his \\"new incarnation as a spiritual teacher.\\" Believe it or not, Tolle thinks that he has become the greatest living spiritual teacher on earth by overcoming \\"egoic delusion.\\"            Oprah accepts Tolle's doctrine completely and promotes it globally with a fervor unmatched in her other pursuits, so we may call the foundation of their joint venture, the Oprah/Tolle doctrine. But what exactly is it?    According to Tolle, the Sacred Scriptures (the apostle Paul's term) are no longer sacred, having lost their essence, power, and inspiration. Tolle himself is now the ultimate interpreter of all things spiritual. Tolle's words, not Christ's, \\"contain a great deal of spiritual power.\\" Tolle's books, not the Bible, are \\"spiritually alive.\\"    The Oprah/Tolle doctrine says that God the Father is a worn-out phrase disguising the true \\"it\\" behind all things: \\"universalintelligence,\\" in and of which, Tolle and Oprah imagine they partake abundantly. Jesus Christ is not the Son of God, but rather a \\"rare\\" human being, in contrast to the stoic Roman emperor, Marcus Aurelius, whom Tolle describes as an \\"exceedingly rare\\" human being. The second coming of Christ is not at all what the scriptures describe, but rather \\"the transformation of human consciousness, a shift from time to presence, from thinking to pure consciousness, not the arrival of some man or woman.\\" According to Tolle, when Christ spoke of \\"salvation,\\" He actually meant \\"enlightenment,\\" more specifically, the \\"radical transformation of human consciousness.\\"     If we were to put the Oprah/Tolle doctrine into the form of a bumper sticker or a sound bite it would be this: \\"Forget Christ and the Bible. Believe Tolle and Oprah.\\" In short, the Oprah/Tolle doctrine makes a mockery of Christ and all of scripture.    The false teaching inherent in the Oprah/Tolle doctrine is bad enough. What makes it a thousand times worse, egregiously reprehensible even, is the fact that Oprah tells the lie of lies about it. She introduces her online class presenting the Oprah/Tolle doctrine by asserting that it \\"is not for or against any religion.\\" Not against Christianity? For the purpose of grasping the destructive violence that the Oprah/Tolle doctrine does to Christianity, picture the complete word of God as existing on baked clay tablets. Now visualize Oprah and Tolle taking sledgehammers to them. Those who seek to obliterate the very foundation of Christianity are not against it?    On Oprah's Web site, next to the words, \\"This online class is not for or against any religion,\\" she has placed an image of the spire of a Christian church with a cross at its top. How much more morally corrupt could Oprah be?    The Oprah/Tolle doctrine asserts that \\"[a] significant portion of the earth's population will soon recognize, if they haven't already done so, that humanity is now faced with a starkchoice: Evolve or die.\\" Oprah and Tolle, in their own minds, have \\"awakened\\" and \\"evolved.\\" Oprah sees Barack Obama as having \\"awakened\\" and \\"evolved\\" as well. In South Carolina, Oprah called Obama \\"an evolved leader who can bring evolved leadership to our country.\\" This suggests that Oprah, who describes her relationship with Obama as \\"very, very personal,\\" knows the senator to be one who subscribes to the Oprah/Tolle doctrine.     At a UCLA rally, Oprah said, \\"I'm just following my own truth, and that truth has led to Barack Obama.\\" Oprah's \\"own truth\\" is the anti-Christian Oprah/Tolle doctrine. Is the real Obama the Obama Oprah knows?    In Iowa, Michelle Obama said that Oprah had touched her soul and empowered her. How so? Through the blatantly anti-Christian Oprah/Tolle doctrine?    Is Obama a \\"committed Christian\\" as he claims, or is he on board with Tolle and Oprah in their global anti-Christian crusade? Or, as a third explanatory possibility, is the Tolle-entranced Oprah, \\"the richest and most influential woman in the world,\\" not the Oprah Obama knew?    Tolle describes those who embrace his teaching as being \\"not for `my' country but for all of humanity, not for `my' religion but the emergence of consciousness in all human beings, not for `my' species but for all sentient beings and all of nature.\\" Sound familiar? Are those the values we want in an American president? Time magazine called Tolle's book, The Power of Now, so much \\"mumbo jumbo.\\" Even if you're not a Christian, do you want a president whose vision of the American future is based, to any degree, on Tolle's mumbo jumbo?
156364049X|5.0|I enjoyed this film as I spent time in Japan and was well acquainted with Buddhism there. It was interesting to see how the minority Japanese Catholic Church developed and the story of the Marian apparition there.
B001ED7C58|5.0|This is one that you have to have! The mix of songs is perfect and it introduced me to a couple of bands that I was not aware of, which is always a pleasant surprise. Listening to it lets me enjoy the movie all over again!
B001M5UDGS|4.0|A very amusing comic-musical. If you like Joss Whedon's work on Buffy the Vampire Slayer, you will probably enjoy this comic-super-villain-inspired bit of fun. As with all of Whedon's best stuff, the sharp witted comedy comes mixed with some legitimate drama and emotion.
B001O9CDEM|2.0|Great, great voice and humor. Really, I laughed. It was great, humor-wise.    HOWEVER,     The plot was boring and drawn out. I really think the format made many of the large events seem random. Also, she's kind of an idiot. Her attitude reminds me of the Princess Diaries, because she acts like a major teen.     Also, it was redundant. \\"I love [insert name here]. Let's go drink. Let's go have a fag. Let's sleep together.\\"    WHY Darcy likes her is beyond me. If I met her, I'd be appalled.
B00125WAXC|4.0|I had seen the movie before but wanted to own it.  The plot is applicable to anyone that must overcome a situation dispite the fact that the deck is stacked against you.  A must see.
B000001ESF|3.0|This review will break the hearts of many passionately devoted Rush fans, but as a long-time listener, I just gotta say it: this is NOT one of Rush's best albums. I'd take \\"Caress of Steel\\" or \\"Hemispheres\\" over this album EVERY time. Why, you may ask?    First, the five \\"Side Two\\" songs are not very distinguished. \\"Lessons\\" is good, and \\"A Passage to Bangkok\\" gets credit for being clever and humorous. The other three songs are complete throwaways and painfully obvious \\"fillers\\". Since Rush has recorded so much great material, you don't need to waste your time with these.    The real problem with this album (and why I have a hard time taking it very seriously) is the much-acclaimed \\"concept\\" piece \\"2112\\". Musically, it's one of the band's best moments, and for that reason I understand why to this day it's a concert favorite. The actual storyline, however, is downright EMBARRASSING. All you have to do is substitute the word PARENTS for \\"priests\\" and you'll understand why. It's the story of a kid who loves guitar music and his mean 'ol parents just don't understand (whimper-whimper). So the obvious solution is to commit suicide OR die of despair (admittedly, a great lady-or-the-tiger solution to end it all). Dressing this tear-jerker up in science-fiction (Solar Federation?) garb, a memorable title, and the now-ubiquitous \\"Red Star\\" graphics can't hide the fact that this is a juvenile, minor-league effort. Yes, the music is inspired, but I can guarantee you the band mostly disowns this \\"classic\\" today. This is why they only play small excerpts in concert, many years later, in spite of the endless unmerited adulation heaped on this work.    Rush has made a lot of great music over the years, but their fans remind me of Chicago Cubs fans: loyal but lemmings. So I will once more apologize for not bowing down to an alleged \\"classic\\", but I can only give 3 stars to the \\"Red Star\\". Interesting idea, powerful music, poor execution. Thankfully, the band moved on to much greater material than this.
031606792X|5.0|This is the best story ever written.  I only wish I could communicate my delight to the author personally.  Please finish MIDNIGHT SUN soon!!!  I want to read more.  I've read the story 3 times and I'm on my to starting my 4th time through....  I am almost 50 years old, and I am completely obsessed with this story!!! and I love spending time with the characters.  It does not matter that I know what is coming, I read it with great trepidation and anticipation every time!!!  I want more out takes, too!!!  I've read everything you have posted on your website and I cannot get enough.  This and Eclipse were my favorites of the series.  I've read Breaking Dawn several more times than the others, though....  Your story deserves way more than 5 stars!!!
B001GZ6QDS|5.0|I ordered this as a gift for my husband.  I couldn't believe how quickly it arrived.  It was exactly what I ordered and was the perfect gift.
0312370849|5.0|I made the mistake of starting to read this book late at night, and could not sleep because I was so haunted by the gripping story of this young girl, Sarah, and her family being ripped from their homes during the Vel d'Hiv roundup of Jews on July 16, 1942. To protect her four-year-old brother, 10-year-old Sarah helps him hide in their secret cupboard in the apartment, locks him in and promises naively to return as soon as she can to rescue him. Her story is told alongside that of American journalist Julia Jarmond, who is researching the roundup for an article to be published on its 60th anniversary. I had to force myself to put it down to try to sleep, but could not mentally let go of it.<br /><br />I believe this book will stay with me a long time. Tatiana de Rosnay has an incredible gift in that she so adeptly lets the reader inside the characters' heads. Sarah's story is told from Sarah's point of view, but in the third person, and de Rosnay brilliantly captures the angst, terror, tenacity and more of this brave little girl who has the courage of someone much older but the naiveté of a sheltered child. There is no superfluous prose, nothing more than what a child would perceive. It is so authentically told, you have to remind yourself that while the events of the Vel d'Hiv round-up are real, Sarah's story is fictional. You feel everything along with her as she desperately tries to return home to rescue her brother.<br /><br />While some reviewers felt Julia's side of the story was mere chick-lit, I found it compelling and intriguing. Julia faces some challenges in her own life, and her first-person narrative draws you in as she seeks to uncover the full story about Sarah and her family while learning her husband's family has its own secrets. She has her own difficult decisions to make, and I felt myself pulled in to that as well.<br /><br />This is a difficult book to read because of Sarah's story, and it's her story that will stay with you. If you never knew much about the French involvement in the Holocaust before, it will most certainly shock you, but what got to me was the vivid depiction of the appalling conditions some 10,000 French Jews were subjected to -- at the hands of their own countrymen -- before they were gassed at Auschwitz. It has never felt as real to me as it did in this book, for which I am both grateful and sad.<br /><br />Bravo to Tatiana de Rosnay for this thoroughly researched, tenderly written, heartbreaking and unforgettable tale.
B0012GMVSU|5.0|My husband loved the music from this movie.  My order came quickly and in perfect condition.  He was thrilled to receive it for his birthday.
1439157383|5.0|Love, LOVE, LOVED this book.  Have read it half dozen times.  The MOVIE however, was awful - they completely CHANGED the ending... not just a little creative editing, whatever, the changed the actual story.  Just awful.
B0002XH9Z4|3.0|Michael Jackson: The Ultimate Collection<br />I'M JUST GLAD I PURCHASED MY COLLECTIONS BEFORE HE PASSED ON.
B000AOEMXM|5.0|It's hard to imagine you can get so much for so little:  Star Trek: Enterprise is a brilliant series, colorful and intense. Humans first venturing into space, seeking allies, facing unimaginable aggression at times--this is a very exciting time in Trek \\"history\\". Closer and more familiar to our own time, the crew, the ship and the Captain are grittier, edgier and bolder than we've seen in the other new Trek series.     The Trek basic message--hope for humanity's best side to prevail, and hope for the future--becomes more immediate during these first years exploring space. The rules haven't been written yet; the Federation of Planets is still just a goal.    The cast is memorable, with complex, character-driven story arcs that can last a whole season.  It's difficult to find anything tedious in a series that proceeds on so many different levels, and the humor is apt and frequent.
B0018RWD6S|3.0|I think this album is brilliant musically. If that were all I was judging it on I would give if 5 stars. But listening to the CD I find there is a surprisingly high amount of noise to the point where it is distracting. Admittedly, this is because I am listening on a very accurate sound system. In the car, I wouldn't notice. But considering this album was supposedly remastered, I would think the sound engineers could have cleaned it up more.
B00164KYV4|4.0|Good condition.  Quick service.  Ordered it, and three days later, it was here.
1934169544|4.0|I love this story. It is full of meaning and lessons. I recenly re-read it for about the tenth time and enjoyed it as much now as when I was a youngster - decades ago. I highly recommend this classic book.<br /><br />Check out my newest thriller - Bound by Birth - by Randall R Wheeler<br />[[ASIN:1442171936 Bound By Birth]]
B001ILFUDC|5.0|The title explains it all. This is definitely one of Disney's MUST HAVES if you are at all a fan of Disney, cartoons and animation.
B00022M518|5.0|\\"Baby's On Fire\\" and so is this avante garde album by the incomparable Brian Eno. His influence on rock is dramatic and this pre-\\"ambient noise\\" era album is just plain fantastic. \\"Baby's On Fire\\" is still one of my all time favorite songs - driving, emotional and edge of the seat. Long Live Brian Eno    Check out my newest thriller - Bound by Birth - by Randall R Wheeler  [[ASIN:1442171936 Bound By Birth]]
0451529065|5.0|Not one creationist has posted a single fact, which refutes Darwin's thesis. This is either because they have not read it entirely, or, more probably, don't understand it. Darwin is no stranger to controversy, as he lived in Victorian era England, but this is 2009! I like this book because, not just because of its shear infuence, but because it has withstood the test of time (150 years, and counting). Does anyone doubt Newton's Laws or the findings of Galileo? No, because no one has proved them wrong. Save yourself the time and money, read this book instead of Dawkins' or Gould's. This is the original work. It does not need to be improved upon.
B000021Y7X|5.0|I have always loved Talking Heads since I first heard a bootleg of Psycho Killer from CBGB's. This film has all the esence and creativity of Talking Heads and I can't watch it enough. The entire sound track is on my iPhone and I listen to it frequently in my car.    Check out my newest Thriller - Bound By Birth - by Randall R Wheeler  [[ASIN:1442171936 Bound By Birth]]
B001GCUNYO|5.0|When I first heard of this film I kind of doubted Liam Neeson being able to play such a violent character...Eventually the reviews came in and I broke down and decided to see it.<br /><br />I loved it.  So much in fact that I bought the Blu-ray the day it was released.<br /><br />Neeson plays such a likable character, he's put into a situation that's easy to see yourself in.  Bryan Mills (Neeson) is a retired CIA operative who has a less than stellar relationship with his daughter.  He decides to be the good guy for once and agrees to let her travel to France.  She eventually becomes kidnapped and sucked into the human trafficking world.  This is where the excitement picks up, Mills travels to France and puts his CIA skills to use hunting down his daughter and killing anyone who gets in his way.<br /><br />Lets get onto the Blu Ray specs.  The film looks great, the grain isn't too bad, the image looks very sharp.  The audio is perfect, you're going to hear every gun shot, every punch.  The audio is full of depth and sounds great on a 5.1 system.  The supplements are good as well, you get two audio commentaries, two featurettes (both shot in HD), script to screen, a digital copy, and a Black Opps Field Manual which I believe to be exclusive to the Blu-ray.<br /><br />Taken is an action-packed film, a great way to spend the evening.
B000IONJH4|2.0|I love David Lynch.  I love Dune.  I hate David Lynch's Dune, and I bought it ironically, making the purchase while high.
B0019UGYK0|5.0|\\"Cool Hand Luke\\" was adapted from the novel by Don Pearce, who spent some time on a Florida chain gang and based his leading character, Lucas Jackson, one-third on a real man he knew in prison, one-third on himself, and the rest is fiction. Lucas \\"Luke\\" Jackson (Paul Newman) is sent to a Southern prison camp for \\"maliciously destroying municipal property while under the influence\\" -busting parking meters, where the prisoners work on a chain gang doing road work. A big, boisterous inmate nicknamed \\"Dragline\\" (George Kennedy) at first sees Luke as a challenge to his position, but soon comes to admire Luke's daring and stubbornness. His fellow prisoners find Luke's fearlessness inspiring, but the prison warden and guards are uneasy with it.<br /><br />George Kennedy won the 1968 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of the friendly, simple country guy who idolizes Luke. He's one of many notable character actors in the film's large supporting cast. \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" harkens back to the prison films of the 1930s, also produced by Warner Brothers, in its social conscience message and antihero protagonist. It particularly reminds me of \\"I Am a Fugitive from the Chain Gang\\" (1932), written by another man with experience on a Southern chain gang. \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" is beautifully shot by cinematographer Conrad Hall, who would win an Academy Award much later for another Newman film, \\"Road to Perdition\\" (2002). I don't think I've ever seen a camera move so much on landscapes. It's captivating.<br /><br />One thing that characterizes films with enduring greatness is that they invite more than one reading of the material. \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" is a character study of Lucas Jackson, a man whose stubbornness is less a conviction than it is self-destruction. Or perhaps it is not about Luke at all, but about how those around him react to his unwillingness to conform. If we are to view Luke simply as an inmate, he is a masochistic fool. If we interpret the prison as a microcosm of the greater society, he is the nonconformist through whom the rest of the population lives vicariously and  whom authorities fear simply because he does not fear them. The prison has nitpicky rules, but there doesn't seem to be much reason to disobey them. Yet Luke cannot bring himself to live that way. Perhaps the conclusion is that we need people who are a little nuts to flout society's norms sometimes.<br /><br />The DVD (Warner Brothers 2008): Bonus features are one featurette, an audio commentary, and a theatrical trailer (3 min). \\"A Natural-Born World Shaker: Making Cool Hand Luke\\" (30 min) includes recent interviews with director Stuart Rosenberg, screenwriter Frank Pierson, Paul Newman biographer Eric Lax, novelist Dan Pearce, and many members of the cast and crew who talk about getting the film made, camaraderie on set, and filming. The audio commentary is by Newman biographer Eric Lax, who did not participate in the film, so he has a scholar's view, not personal recollections. He talks about the making of the film, its anti-authoritarian themes, characters, sets, and takes us through the film. Subtitles available in English SDH, French. Dubbing available in French.eater society, he is the nonconformist through whom the rest of the population lives vicariously and  whom authorities fear simply because he does not fear them. The prison has nitpicky rules, but there doesn't seem to be much reason to disobey them. Yet Luke cannot bring himself to live that way. Perhaps the conclusion is that we need people who are a little nuts to flout society's norms sometimes.    The DVD (Warner Brothers 2008): Bonus features are one featurette, an audio commentary, and a theatrical trailer (3 min). \\"A Natural-Born World Shaker: Making Cool Hand Luke\\" (30 min) includes recent interviews with director Stuart Rosenberg, screenwriter Frank Pierson, Paul Newman biographer Eric Lax, novelist Dan Pearce, and many members of the cast and crew who talk about getting the film made, camaraderie on set, and filming. The audio commentary is by Newman biographer Eric Lax, who did not participate in the film, so he has a scholar's view, not personal recollections. He talks about the making of the film, its anti-authoritarian themes, characters, sets, and takes us through the film. Subtitles available in English SDH, French. Dubbing available in French.
B000RF1QDI|1.0|I wish I hadn't bought it.  I don't like this movie at all.  It arrived on time and played like new, but it sucks.
B001PR0Y5S|4.0|There is no question about the power of good movies. While all the hype of the Transformers movie currently in the movie theatres, there are other films that can feel like you can have a much better time laughing your heart to. That unfortunately hasn't been the case with many films lately. But for Sandra Bullock, it has honestly been awhile since she has made a spectacular film. After a few years, she had focused on her personal life, marry mechanic Jesse James, and settling down back in Texas with a new sense of life. now she is back yet again with her first comedy in several years, and she does deliver a great proposal, a delightful date night movie.<br /><br />The Proposal, the new Sandra Bullock comedy is actually one of the very few surprise gems that actually is worth enjoying at the movies. The role features Sandra, as Margaret Tate, a busy ego-tistical book editor, whom is more concerned about her job than having a sense of love and happiness. Yet, she faces the role of being deported back to Canada and losing her job. Where she stumbles on the idea of marrying her assistant, which Ryan Reynolds plays. As a result, the two of them flock down to a small town in Alaska to meet what would be her in-laws played by Mary Steenburgen (Ted Danson's Wife) and Craig T. Nelson from Coach, and her editor's assistants grandmother played by Betty White.<br /><br />Margaret has a bit of trouble trying to adapt to her assistant's family and finds herself in awkward scenario's from trying to rescue a dog from a eagle while being more wsrapped up with her business calls and then losing her cell phone from the eagle's claws, from being uncomfortable with a Native-American traditional dance with Betty White. At the end of it, Margaret decides it would be better to be deported, only to leave her assistant and his family, broken-hearted and thinking it was a mistake. Little did she know as she heads back to New York, to pack up everything, her assistant played by Ryan finds he has real love for his boss and wants to marry her. Yet, only finding themselves go through the legal U.S. immigration process all over again. The film is great, but at times Betty's characters steal the spotlight so well, that there could've been a bit more chemistry you'd want to see with Sandra and Ryan.<br /><br />Nevertheless, I had a absolutely great time laughing out loud at Sandra Bullock and the movie The Proposal. It honestly has been one of the best movies I've seen from the Summer season in awhile. It really is a great date movie, and something you really will have a fun time laughing out loud to. This honestly is Sandra's best date movie since While You Were Sleeping, and if there is a time you want to look for love, head down to the movie theatres and see The Proposal.<br /><br />Price: B+<br /><br />Story: B<br /><br />Acting: B+<br /><br />Overall: B+r his boss and wants to marry her. Yet, only finding themselves go through the legal U.S. immigration process all over again. The film is great, but at times Betty's characters steal the spotlight so well, that there could've been a bit more chemistry you'd want to see with Sandra and Ryan.    Nevertheless, I had a absolutely great time laughing out loud at Sandra Bullock and the movie The Proposal. It honestly has been one of the best movies I've seen from the Summer season in awhile. It really is a great date movie, and something you really will have a fun time laughing out loud to. This honestly is Sandra's best date movie since While You Were Sleeping, and if there is a time you want to look for love, head down to the movie theatres and see The Proposal.    Price: B+    Story: B    Acting: B+    Overall: B+
0525421033|5.0|Really good book and I hope they really make a movie out of it as they are talking about it now!
B001DTPZNY|5.0|Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull; This movie keeps you on the edge of your seat with action every second.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|Who would have ever thought Michael Jackson would die in this era?  It doesn't seem real, he wasn't supposed 2 die.  This collection of hits is almost as good as buying all of his solo works.  I actually would rather have each individual album but I don't have time for all that and I already own hundreds of cds, so The Essential Michael Jackson makes the most sense, for content and consolidation reasons.  But I still would like the artwork and other tracks from the other cds but I just don't feel like buying them, so i just bought this.  I went to 5 different stores and they were all SOLD OUT.  I finally got the last copy but I had to pay $25.  I think alot of people are just buying this cd as a trinket, I actually want to LISTEN to the music, so stop buying it if you are just going to hold it in your hand and stare at it and drool over it.  As for the music, I don't like any of the Jackson 5 stuff, it sounds dated and all the songs are overplayed.  I like \\"Ben\\", in my oppinion, that's the only good song MJ did when he was really young. They left out \\"Never can Say Goodbye\\" which is about the only good Jackson 5 song, so that sucked.  All MJ's other hits are on here from ALL the albums.  The only other song I'm pissed about is \\"Jam\\".  I wish they would have included that song, but I don't want to have to go out and find a copy of \\"Dangerous\\" just for that song.  Life is complicated and the music industry always makes it complicated for music fans. I wasn't really impressed with the pics in the liner notes, they could have included better, unreleased pics of Michael.  I am a Michael Jackson fan even though I disconnected with him and his music during the child molestation stuff.  Now that he died, I can feel better about paying him tribute and listening to his music again.  After all, I did a lip sync of \\"Bad\\" in full costume in high school drama class.  MJ was a part of my life.  God Bless u Michael, this world loved u.  *One last note....\\"Farewell My Summer Love\\" should have been included on this cd, that song is probably impossilble to find.  I used to have it on 45.
0743298039|5.0|I rarely find a book that saddens me to end.  I will smile at the end of a good book, pleased at having read something so enjoyable, but Ms Setterfield's tale is in another league.     As I moved through the book, totally immersed, I began to see my progression towards the end and was overtaken with panic.  I would place the book down for a day, refusing to begin another chapter which would hasten by journey to the last page.  I was  pulled into the pages by the love of writing that was so brilliantly shown.    I closed the book on the last word, changed as a reader, moved as a twin. Ms Setterfield raised my expectations as a reader, making it all the harder for her contemporaries.    I wait impatiently for her next.
1416948678|5.0|The book is great! I love it! It's full of good, considerate, TOUGH LOVE. It told me what I needed to hear. Greg gives advice from a caring friend standpoint. Its the truth women are too afraid to admit or acknowledge, who doesn't need that?! :)
B001UREJWM|4.0|Excellent cd, not one of Black Sabbath's best but a   good effort, especially Bible Black.  Several of the  songs are somewhat repititous. Geezer Butler's bass  could be a little more prominant in the mix, drumming  is excellent, Iommi's guitar awesome as usual, vocals  by Dio are strong as ever.
B000EYK4KI|5.0|Since I'm a fan of Brad & Angie, I just love the movie. One thing I realise though, that some of the deleted scenes can't be found in Disc 2. Not sure why. Maybe there is another collection that I should get. Anyway love the movie very much. Have watched it several times.
B0026NWBY2|3.0|I have been waiting a long time for a career spanning greatest hits collection for George Harrison, only to be disappointed when it was finally released.  Don't get me wrong, what is here is good and it is probably the best single CD collection of his work available, but it should have been so much better.<br /><br />It is not unusual for these \\"best of\\" collections to leave off one or two of an artist's hits and replace them with some \\"deep tracks\\" that few have heard of, but this release is more guilty of this than most.  They left off 6 top 40 hits from his heyday in the 1970s (Bangla Desh, Dark Horse, Ding Dong, You, This Song, and Crackerbox Palace) as well as several later songs that made the charts and received significant airplay (like Teardrops, Wake Up My Love, Devil's Radio, Cloud 9, Poor Little Girl, and Stuck Inside a Cloud).  George had 13 top 40 hits and they leave off nearly half of them!?!?!  Somebody must not have been paying attention when they put this release together, or maybe they are saving them for Let It Roll Volume 2, so they can hit us up for more $$$!
B000002MZ6|5.0|As an avid listener to Mike Oldfield since 'Hergest Ridge' (endlessly played during an angsty youth!), his work has gone through numerous phases combining natural acoustic instruments, electric guitars and electronica but this is definitely one of the highlights for me where the blend works best.    Listening to it almost 15 years after release, it doesn't lose its interest nor sound too naff plus it works as a brilliant thematic accompaniment to Arthur C. Clarke's work.
B0000009SY|4.0|Mr Zappa is the original rapper even though with a whisper. Great guitar, sax, jazz. Funny stories too. Great fun.
B000P0J0AG|5.0|This was a very good movie, but what made it truly spectacular was having De Niro and Pacino alongside one another in the one film (Godfather II was good, but didn't necessarily have the two actors working directly with one another).<br /><br />Either way, from directing to the screenplay, this film is hard to fault.
B0024F08RO|5.0|I was very happy with the product and the timely arrival. I had purchased a couple more things online the day or so before I purchased this product but thus item was recieved first. I love shopping amazon and I do it quite often. I have never had any problems and have been completely satisfied with every encounter.    Thank you so much  loyal customer
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I don't want to drop any spoilers into the review. Suffice to say that everything about Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog works. It was a pleasure to see online when it was first released and the DVD takes it a step further. For those of you who don't know, during the Writer's Strike a couple of years ago, Joss Whedon (creator of \\"Buffy, the Vampire Slayer\\", \\"Angel\\" and \\"Firefly\\") and his brothers and friends decided to make a film and release it on the Internet for free. And so was born Dr. Horrible. From the casting through the music and production values, this is a gem of a piece; arguably better than most film projects coming out of LA.  When the DVD became available, I bought it in spite of being able to download it for free off the Net. First, I wanted to show my support financially since I enjoyed it so much; second, I assumed that they would exponentially up the enjoyment ante with a DVD and I was right! The disc includes the movie and commentary (including a musical version called \\"Commentary!\\"), as well as fan audition videos to join the Evil League of Evil (you gotta watch the blog to understand). But the fun doesn't end there, folks! Oh, no! There are Easter Eggs in that there disc. And clues in plain sight for any that would search them out. (Of course, you can Google for the answers but that's a lot like using the answer page when doing the crossword puzzle; the finding is most of the fun).  In short, buy this disc. Then buy copies for your friends and relatives. You won't be sorry.
B0029358GM|5.0|At first I was a little taken back by the arrangement of tracks on this album.  However, after a few listens, it really begins to make sense.  It's a mature album and follows up Sky Blue Sky very well.  Perhaps a bit darker, lyrically.  Overall, a great listen.
0515142247|5.0|Jack Reacher, is kidnapped, by mistake, with a beautiful FBI agent, who has some very important secrets. The kidnappers are a group of militia with a supprise adjenda. This is a non-stop thriller with twists and turns to put a grin on James Patterson's face. Interesting characters with depth and individuality. Strong action sequences light the way to a riviting finish. Get this one, and you will be in for a ride you won't forget.
B000AYEIZY|5.0|This one is tough to review.  It's not easy being objective about the reunion of a long-gone band you have loved for 40 years, who've not done a concert in almost as long.    So first of all, thank God all 3 guys are still alive to even make this possible.   Clapton or Baker could have had a heroin overdose 30 years ago and this never would have happpened. And considering their ages, they each sound great here.  I don't care why they did this...for money, for fun, whatever.  We're all glad they did.      Now for the sad part...Clapton's guitar work.  Excellent as usual, but not in the Cream style.  Take 2 classic Cream songs as evidence.  \\"White Room\\" and \\"Crossroads\\".  First time I watched \\"White Room\\" I'm waiting and waiting, and it hits that critical lead guitar section, and no waw-waw pedal. Just typical butter-smooth late vintage Clapton fingering away blues licks on a Strat through a bank of Fender amps.  Great.  But not Cream.  That song demands the waw-waw leads and filler parts, played on a Gibson SG amped through a bank of Marshals. Wait and wait, and no waw.      And \\"Crossroads\\"?  The novelty of seeing the original 3 playing it is cool, very cool.  But a couple of hundred bar bands could have played that song with more passion and fire than we have here.  Slowed-down and void of any of the Winterland recording's classic leads, it's not even the same song.  Both sound like they're played by any version of Clapton's touring bands of the last 25 years.  Half expected to see Phil Collins sitting in.    Even \\"Sunshine of Your Love\\" is mangled.  A great 4-minute version of their only real single-hit would have been perfect.  But to stretch it out to 8 minutes of jamming ruins it.  And once again, the leads are just way, way too smooth.    Clapton sort of forgot how to be Clapton.  Like he did on his \\"Mr. Johnson\\" record, where he takes those great old raw blues songs and polishes the hell out of them with a 12-piece band.  Give me the outtakes where its just him and Doyle Bramhall playing it acoustic.  That's real.  Not the slick, smooth stuff we have here.    So watching this is like meeting an old girlfriend who is still hot after a few decades, but instead of showing up in tight jeans, a halter top and heels, she's wearing St. John knits and Dolce flats.  Nice, but not what she's capable of.
006135323X|4.0|I thought the book was engaging and well-presented because each experiment is laid out as an interesting little story. Overall, I think he gives us good and useful information about what to be on the lookout for in our daily lives to recognize the irrationality of our own behavior.    That said, I think that in an attempt to tell a compelling story overall, Ariely over-states the implications of his research as undermining standard economic theory. Over and over again he says that, \\"standard economic modeling relies on participants being rational\\", but I don't think that he adequately makes the case that this is true. It seems to me that his general problem is that he is drawing broad conclusions from a narrow data set. His experiments show that individuals act irrationally, but they don't say anything about the aggregate behavior of irrational actors. His failure to draw this distinction is characteristic of the logical leaps of this book in general - wherein it seems to me he draws unsupported and overly broad conclusions from his results.    Overall, I think that the book is worth reading just for the information about his experimental results - which certainly seem worth knowing about for anyone who is interested in more carefully building up a picture of how decisions are made.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|Lots of windy reviews of this album out there. While I thank those who give a detailed breakdown, for my purposes I'll simply say that, while this album is no \\"Images and Words\\", it's listenable Dream Theater album with a couple gems led by \\"As I Am\\".    With \\"Images and Words\\" being the first DT album I ever purchased (originally just for \\"Pull Me Under\\"), I was looking for a complimentary album to put on my playlist so I wasn't just listening to the same album over and over. This fits that bill just fine, with a transition a little more toward Metallica-esque heavy metal.    Worth buying for sure.
B000002J1Y|5.0|This is Yes at their best live from different venues during the Close to the Edge tour I think. Bill Bruford had quit the band mid tour due to differences with other members of the band. Alan White replaced him and did a stellar performance and had some some big shoes to fill. Everyone knows that Bruford at the time was in the top 5 drummers of rock. (Bruford plays on 3 tracks) The opening of the disc is an excerpt from Stravinsky's Firebird Suite and goes right into Siberian Khatru a great song of masterful guitar work by Steve Howe who also at the time a top 5 guitar player. The rest is history, Chris Squire, Rick Wakeman, Jon Anderson all at their BEST! A great live album...
B000FVNX2Q|5.0|I have used an HP 12C since about 1985.  This is only my second one.  After 24 years of use, I decided that a new one was in order.  When I shopped, I was so surprised to see a Platinum version!  I am very happy with my purchase.  After years of calculating payments and watching \\"running... running\\" go across the screen as it was calculating - it was shocking to see how fast it popped up the answer.  Yikes.      If you use an older HP 12C, do yourself a favor and buy a new one!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I watched True Blood only at the insistance of a friend who claimed it to be the greatest thing ever on HBO. I finally started catching up with it on-demand, and it is even better than she claimed it to be. I am so sold, that I must now have all the DVD's, the T-shirts, mugs, bumper stickers, etc. I must have it all! (OK, I'll stop short of tattoos...)<br /><br />This is character driven story telling at it's very best. The acting is superlative, the special effects are a delight, and the music is to-die-for! What else can I say? If you are looking for hours of purely riveting entertainment, The Complete First Season of True Blood absolutely belongs in your collection.
B001VPJYZK|5.0|I'm having a difficult time understanding why this season is rated so much lower than all the rest. First of all, Desperate Housewives is one of the most consistently good shows on TV and every season is solid. However, season five is special in that it revamped and refreshed the series by beginning five years ahead of where season four left off. This technique provides the viewer with a slew of new storylines:    Susan: In season five, we find Susan and Mike divorced after a terrible incident tears them apart. Connected through their five year old son, Susan and Mike struggle with old feelings while beginning new relationships, Susan with her much younger house painter and Mike with Katherine Mayfair.     Lynette: Tom and Lynette continue to struggle raising their four children, specifically their teenaged twins Porter and Preston. On top of that, Tom finds himself in a midlife crisis and Lynette discovers the woes of returning to the world of advertising at age 50.    Bree: No longer a mere housewife, Bree is now an established cookbook author and businesswoman, owning her own catering company with Andrew and Katherine by her side. However, success comes with a price as she struggles to maintain her marriage to Orson, now a former convict.    Gabby: The beginning of season five finds Gabby as a harried mother of two young girls; now a house frow, she is far from the glamorous fashion model she once was. When Carlos regains his sight, Gabby and Carlos find themselves at a crossroads as they begin to simultaneously adopt and question their former lifestyle.    Edie: After being banished from Wisteria Lane five years prior, Edie returns with a new husband in tow. This husband is at the center of season five's mystery, as he has manipulated Edie into moving back to the lane so he can exact revenge on several main characters.    In all honesty, the only critique I have of this season is the mystery. In fact, I didn't find it to be all that mysterious, as I figured pretty much the entire thing out the night the premiere aired. It still remains, however, an interesting storyline to watch unfold.     There you have it. If you enjoyed seasons 1-4 of Housewives, you should definitely enjoy this. It's my second favorite season after season two, which interestingly enough was also unpopular among many fans. Negative reviews aside, this is an extremely solid season with captivating storylines and the same mix of comedy and drama we have come to expect from the show. To avoid spoilers for those of you who haven't seen the season yet, I'll just say that the finale gives us many things to look forward to in the fall, as each housewife's life takes an interesting turn.     Hope this helps,    Justin M. Green
B00186K7EE|1.0|The US release has been out of print for quite sometime. It is most likely that some of the Sellers are offering Asian bootlegs or home made copies. Please beware!!!  If you notice fuzzy covers, blue data side of the disc (DVD-R copy) you should notify Amazon.
B00297FEUI|5.0|If you enjoyed Steve Jablonsky's score for Transformers (2007), then you'll enjoy his score for Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen!
B000001AI7|5.0|Who said in the early 70's that you couldn't be a solo artist on Motown without leaving a group? When this album came out the Jackson 5 were still at the top of their game as [[ASIN:B001GB7J4C Never Can Say Goodbye]] and such as Michael Jackson,for the first time was making his first solo recording. His Motown solo career has always tended to be overlooked of course due mainly to what he'd achieve at the end of the decade with Quincy Jones. There was a lot Berry Gordy put into this album-gathering all the same writers,musicians and writers to bring a similar magic to Michael's solo recordings as he did to the Jackson 5. And it all paid off because not only did this album make Michael into an instant solo hit but gave him a very different musical flavor then he had with his brothers. And even at that the unique musical style and harmonic flavor of Leon Ware oozes out of every pore of \\"I Wanna Be Where You Are\\",one of Michael's best hit songs during his Motown years both in terms of music and vocals.This album starts out with a really unique version of \\"Ain't No Sunshine\\",dressed up in this slow burning psychedelic soul version with all these fuzzed out guitars and Michael rapping at the beginning \\"You ever want somethin/you know you should'nt have/The more you know you should'nt have it/the more you want it/And then one day you get it/it's so good to you\\".The fact that this line is being recited in all seriousness by a 13 year old practicing Jehovah's Witness who....according to a friend of mine with plenty of experience in the matter had plenty of understanding of that kind of forbidan fruit.The title track of this album is another highlite,in terms of structure not all that different from the yearning,tension filled kind of romantic \\"smooth jams\\" (since it's not exactly a ballad) that would serve him so well during his 80's years.\\"Maria\\" is another great tune here,a great longing epic right up there with his presentation.There are some more standard Motown/\\"Corperation\\" styled productions such as \\"Girl Don't Take Your Love From Me\\",the Diana Ross styled \\"In Our Small Way\\" and a cover of \\"Love Is Here And Now Your Gone\\".All of these tunes though have a certain weightiness to them.\\"Rockin' Robin\\",a lighthearted \\"You've Got A Friend\\" and the rather 50's doo-wop styled \\"Wings of My Love\\" are the only tunes here that display much of a hint of youthful \\"kiddie pop\\" kind of outlook. I would have to agree this album is incredibly cohesive. It's still very much in the hit-making factory mentality of Motown's salad years that Gordy was still clinging to during the early 70's. At the same time the individual songs that are presented here are strong showcases for the aspects of Michael's pop crafting talents.Even though at this juncture Michael,as with all his brothers and most Motown artists had little creative say outside of showing up and singing. But there was a lot to be learned for him musically from these early solo sessions. And even for fans of the Jackson 5 this album still projects enough of an individual identity to make it enjoyable on it's own merrits.otown/\\"Corperation\\" styled productions such as \\"Girl Don't Take Your Love From Me\\",the Diana Ross styled \\"In Our Small Way\\" and a cover of \\"Love Is Here And Now Your Gone\\".All of these tunes though have a certain weightiness to them.\\"Rockin' Robin\\",a lighthearted \\"You've Got A Friend\\" and the rather 50's doo-wop styled \\"Wings of My Love\\" are the only tunes here that display much of a hint of youthful \\"kiddie pop\\" kind of outlook. I would have to agree this album is incredibly cohesive. It's still very much in the hit-making factory mentality of Motown's salad years that Gordy was still clinging to during the early 70's. At the same time the individual songs that are presented here are strong showcases for the aspects of Michael's pop crafting talents.Even though at this juncture Michael,as with all his brothers and most Motown artists had little creative say outside of showing up and singing. But there was a lot to be learned for him musically from these early solo sessions. And even for fans of the Jackson 5 this album still projects enough of an individual identity to make it enjoyable on it's own merrits.
0743270754|5.0|I have to admit, upfront, that my love for Doris Kearns Goodwin is exceeded only by my love for Abraham Lincoln.<br /><br />DKG captures Lincoln's complexity as no one has before, and intimately captures his essence as she has with Johnson, Kennedy, and (most notably)<br />FDR.<br /><br />I had the opportunity to speak with her when she first began writing this book. At that time she had not been to Springfield. When I told her that I had, she hung on my every word and began asking me questions. Just the the type of enthusiasm you would imagine she would have for her craft (and a big thrill for me).
0060557818|5.0|New to this genre, I absolutely LOVED this book. I've read a few science fiction/fantasy books, but they seemed to kind of trail off towards the end, or take so much time to develop, that it's almost not worth it. This, however, was fabulous beginning to end. Not only were the characters wonderfully unconventional, but the storyline was full of action & surprises. It was also very witty with just enough thrill. I've never written a review for anything, but loved this so much, I had to share!
B000056VJ7|5.0|The re-mastering on this masterpiece is great. THE BONUS TRACKS ARE NO BONUS BECAUSE THEY SHOULD NOT BE THERE!! This album should have stayed the way it was when are record companies going to learn how to re-master an album and leave it alone? Sure update the booklet, thicken and embellish it; but please quit adding songs to the CD's. If you must add song's put them on a separate disc and tape it to the package.
B000008I4Z|4.0|Given its darker ambience, I had wondered at the time it was released whether Brave (1994) was a reaction to the comparatively \\"poppy\\" (and unfairly criticized) Holidays in Eden (1991) or not.  This speculation aside, Brave is a fine album of neo-progressive and is certainly the most experimental of the albums released with Steve Hogarth as lead singer.<br /><br />The lineup includes Steve Hogarth (vocals, synthesizers), Mark Kelly (piano, synthesizers, keyboards), Pete Trewavas (bass guitar), Ian Mosley (drums and percussion), and Steve Rothery (electric and acoustic guitars). The guys are all solid musicians and former Trace/Darryl Way's Wolf drummer Ian Mosley does a fine job behind the drum kit. As a fan of 1970s progressive, I was also pleased with the use of keyboard tone colors such as the Hammond organ and even mellotron samples that turn up here and there.<br /><br />The Brave song-cycle was an ambitious undertaking for the group and explores difficult themes (suicide, depression).  Given the subject matter, there are some wonderfully gloomy atmospheres on Brave.  In addition to creating some nice atmospheres, they also do a good job with dynamic contrasts, and the music ranges from washes of soft synthesizer textures and soft vocal parts to comparatively hard-edged American stadium rock-influenced tracks complete with sizzling Hammond organ playing (Hard as Love and Paper Lies are good examples).  Overall though, this is a very quiet and reflective album with enough twists and turns that it kept me very entertained.<br /><br />This version of Brave has not been remastered but the sound quality is excellent. The liner notes feature the lyrics, recording credits, and some \\"arty images.<br /><br />All in all, Brave is a fine concept album and is very much part of the Marillion \\"world\\". Other albums worth exploring include the very good concept albums Misplaced Childhood (1985) and Clutching at Straws (1987), along with Afraid of Sunlight (1995) and my personal favorite Season's End (1989).9).
B00127RAJY|4.0|Liked the video. It is a little hard have not done any past the first one.  I like doing it, it pushes me .
B001TODCII|2.0|There wasn't much new or interesting about this film.  Very predictable and therefore pretty boring.  Very violent.  Very implausible action scenes.  I'd rather watch the Bourne movies repeatedly than see this again.  The plot is very thin, basically an excuse for Neeson to act out revenge fantasies.  He takes on ten guys at a time and doesn't suffer a scratch. The scenes of strung-out girls forced into prostitution are disturbing, not appropriate at all for teens.
0060723513|5.0|I don't care if this book is truth, fiction or a mixture of both. It is extremely well written, compelling and it inspires me every time I dip into it. I've read sections out loud on more than one occasion with my family and I've lent our copy to countless friends. One can't help coming away from reading [[ASIN:0060723513 Mutant Message Down Under, Tenth Anniversary Edition]] with an increased respect for indigenous wisdom. I'm sure that was Marlo Morgan's intention when she wrote it. Buy this book and share it. You won't regret your decision.<br /><br />Sometimes truth is stranger than fiction.<br /><br />John P. Haines<br />Author of [[ASIN:1439207313 In Search of Simplicity: A True Story that Changes Lives]]
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I've JUST watched this show for the first time!  And it's 2009!  This series truly is remarkable.  It's been made so long ago and, yet, I feel utter pain at it's far-too-early death.  It's funny the extent of the loss I feel for show that was cancelled so long ago.  Long-overdue recogniztion...
059305704X|1.0|This novel is very unique!<br />It has the most beautiful book cover I have ever seen. It really fits perfectly in my bookshelf and it matches my room decoration. It also smells very good and when I touch it I feel it tingeling in my stomach. Touching it I feel it burning on my skin and it makes me feel like a cup of ice cream melting in the desert.<br />But for your own safety: ...<br />...<br />...<br />DON'T READ IT!<br />Because I'm sure you would never have the same feelings again.
B0010OMXKA|5.0|This video is one of the most beautiful sources of entertainment we have ever seen.  I gave this set to my wife as a birthday present.  It was as if we went to our very own private concert as Adrea Bochelli's guest.  If you like his music you will love this video DVD.  Great product at a great price.  Just awesome.
B000006045|5.0|One can always tell when they hear something extraordinary. \\"Without music, life would be a mistake.\\" It could not be said better. Absolutely. It's a remarkable thing for one's mind to come in contact with something like Massive Attack's Mezzanine. It confirms a sort of existential purpose. Its brooding chords and complex harmonies manifest a certain unexplainable illumination. This is one of those rare albums one can live by. For example: It is a requirement for my potential significant other to be more than interested in this album... it's sick, I know, but this album is that amazing. Massive Attack's listeners will undoubtedly appreciate this album for various and different reasons.<br /><br />I think \\"Angel\\", \\"Risingson\\", and \\"Teardrop\\", are completely wonderful in their own right but highly over-hyped. I certainly prefer the underrated(?) tracks \\"Inertia Creeps\\", \\"Exchange\\", \\"Dissolved Girl\\" and \\"Black Milk\\". The rest of the tracks are also great despite the lack of acknowledgement (side note, though: Group Four is epically astounding). \\"Inertia Creeps\\" is actually a well known favourite. Quite. 3D's sensually dark vocals entwined with an overtly Middle Eastern-influenced drum rhythm make such a strikingly unique composition; Its power is unavoidable. \\"Exchange\\" I like because it agrees with my affinity to chill-out music; it's Massive Attack meets the instrumentals of Air or Zero 7. \\"Dissolved Girl\\", as the name implies, complements the album's overall feel: a gloomy, lamentable daydream. But, in the end, it is \\"Black Milk\\" that I hold in the highest regards: the uppermost echelon of pure exaltation. I consider it, without hesitation, to be one of the most impressive modern musical pieces ever produced. It is superior. Rather. Its subtlety is extraordinary and the vocals transcend emotion and instead translate to sensuous rapture (especially with an applicable sound system).<br /><br />If anyone has a comparable inclination to my appreciation for the music itself (aka a low regard for lyrics and instead a love of the art of sounds) not only will this album surpass one's expectations, it will vanquish pre-existing conceptions of what music should be. Mezzanine = musical-talent incarnate.regard for lyrics and instead a love of the art of sounds) not only will this album surpass one's expectations, it will vanquish pre-existing conceptions of what music should be. Mezzanine = musical-talent incarnate.
B00260HH3K|1.0|Okay, this movie is suppose be a live action movie adaption of the popular manga dragonball by Akira Toriyama. Dragonball Evolution focuses on the King Piccolo arc when The Demon King Piccolo escapes his eternal prison and sets out to find the dragonballs in order to restore his youth and take over the world. Also King Piccolo sends his minion, Tambourine, to kill all of the famous martial artists on Earth to prevent anyone from sealing King Piccolo away again. After the latest Budokai Tenkaichi tournament was over, Tambourine kills Kirrilin, Goku's best friend. Goku sets out to defeat Tambourine to avenge Krillins death and soon finds himself having to save the world from King Piccolo. After training for a while, Goku soon confronts King Piccolo and defeats him, but only after King Piccolo spits out an egg with Piccolo Jr inside. Now thats the Manga (original) version of the Dragonball King Piccolo Arc. Dragonball Evolution takes that story and changes the whole thing from top to bottom.  Goku is a teenager who cant talk to girls with no tail (Goku was about 7-8 years old in the manga and would say anything he thought of without thinking about the consequences), Grandpa Gohan is still alive and training Goku (he died when Goku was still a kid), Bulma still works for Capsule Corporations (thank god somethings right), Kirrilin is nowhere in the movie version (he's a main character in the manga), and Yamcha is also still a desert thief. You maybe thinking that you can deal with the fact that there are changes in the characters and it will still be awesome, but I'm here to tell you that this movie is poorly written, with poor visual effects, bad acting, 2 minute fight scenes, and Ki is now called air bending!? What is this avatar the last airbender!? The movie story is about King Piccolo getting out of his eternal prison and seeking out the dragonballs to restore his eternal youth to take over the world when the next solar eclipse happens. The solar eclipse is around the same time of Goku's 18th birthday, who receives the 4 star dragonball from Grandpa Gohan. King Piccolo comes to take it but finds only Gohan because Goku is at Chi Chi's party, who Goku likes. When Goku returns, he finds the house is a wreck and Gohan is dead. So, Goku sets out to find a martial artist named Roshi with Bulma (she just joins out of nowhere) and learns about how Piccolo tried to rule Earth 2,000 years ago when there was another solar eclipse(?), with disciple Ozaru. They soon also meet Yamcha who decides to help out-of-the-blue but find out there to late to stop King Piccolo because he now has all of the dragonballs. They Engage in a 2 minute combat, find out Goku is Ozaru when he turns into a ape when there's a eclipse (Goku turns into an ape when there's a full moon not when there's a solar eclipse! Also this transformation part of Goku's Sayain heritage), and Goku does the Kamehameha for first time. Goku and friends win and decide to get the dragonballs for some odd reason. And Goku and Chi Chi spar at the end for some reason(I don't know). All throughout this movie is bad lines, bad acting, bad effects, and bad interpretations of my favorite anime Dragonball.  All Fox did was slap Dragonball on the front cover just to make a few bucks.  If this was budgeted more then they could of gotten better actors, a better script, and had a new director.  This movie is one of the worst movies of all time.
0385341008|5.0|Ok - just finished the book and I thought it was great - I would describe as a cross between the secret life of bees and the book thief!
B0029358GM|4.0|Since its debut album \\"A.M.\\", Wilco has gone through a lot of ups and downs commercially, even though the band has enjoyed ever-climbing critical success, perhaps none more so than with the long-delayed (because of label problems) 2002 \\"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot\\" album, in my book stil the finest album of the band. Yet always throughout you got the sense that Jeff Tweedy, the band's singer-song writer, was trying to prove something. With the band's reputation clearly established, now comes the 7th studio album, 2 years after the slightly disappointing (if ambitious) \\"Sky Blue Sky\\" album.<br /><br />\\"Wilco (the album)\\" (11 tracks; 43 min.) kicks off with perhaps the band's most irreverent/accessible and tongue-in-cheek song ever, \\"Wilco (the song)\\", with great lyrics like \\"Do you dabble in depression/Is someone twisting a knife in your back/Are you being attacked/Wilco will love you baby\\". This should find plenty of airplay on mainstream commercial radio if it was still any good, which of course it isn't. The best songs on the album are on the first half, such as beautiful pensive \\"One Wing\\", which is followed by the most adventurous track on here, \\"Bull Black Nova\\" which eventually gives way to a searing guitar solo from Nels Cline. It is followed by a gentle \\"You and I\\", featuring Feist on vocals. The first half of the album is capped by an exuberant \\"You Never Know\\". I rate the first half of the album 4.5 stars. The second half doesn't contain as many attention-grabbing songs, although there are still a couple of nuggets, such as the quiet \\"Solitaire\\", the feisty and instantly likeable love song \\"I'll Fight\\", and the beautiful closer \\"Everlasting Everything\\". I rate the second half of the album 3.5 stars.<br /><br />At 43 min. this album clips by in no time. There is no grand experimenting here that marked the YHF or \\"A Ghost is Born\\" albums. Perhaps for the first time ever, Jeff Tweedy sounds like he is at peace with himself, sounding relaxed and confident, and bringing nice, but not ground-breaking, songs. That aside, Wilco has ascended as one of the top live acts around, period. I've seen the band many times in the last 10 years, most recently a few weeks ago at the Bonnaroo music festival, where they brought a fabulous 2 hr set, featuring a number of the songs of the new album, which mashed nicely with older tunes. In all, \\"Wilco (the album)\\" brings forth a nice, mature album from a band that knows where it's at, with confidence. I've been on a long ride with this band, and I really like what I'm hearing. Last but not least: props for the cover art of the album, I just love it.ot ground-breaking, songs. That aside, Wilco has ascended as one of the top live acts around, period. I've seen the band many times in the last 10 years, most recently a few weeks ago at the Bonnaroo music festival, where they brought a fabulous 2 hr set, featuring a number of the songs of the new album, which mashed nicely with older tunes. In all, \\"Wilco (the album)\\" brings forth a nice, mature album from a band that knows where it's at, with confidence. I've been on a long ride with this band, and I really like what I'm hearing. Last but not least: props for the cover art of the album, I just love it.
031606792X|1.0|I tore through the first three Twilight novels despite Meyer's terrible writing skills, but this book feels like a slap in the face. The characters are just pathetic in this book - almost shells of themselves - and there is absolutely ZERO suspense. No confrontation, nothing. I didn't think it was possible to make a vampire book boring, but Meyer managed it. After swooning through the first book, I became more and more bored with the story. Stephanie, you and your editor should be ashamed of yourselves.     To all you Twi-hards, check out Charlaine Harris' Sookie Stackhouse novels - they're practically the same story (I wouldn't be surprised to hear Meyer read them more than once before writing Twilight), but with actual 3 dimensional characters and a story that makes sense.
B00005JOFQ|5.0|Brokeback Mountain / B00005JOFQ<br /><br />*Spoilers*<br /><br />Somehow I missed watching Brokeback Mountain when it was first released and it's been on my \\"Things to Watch\\" list forever, and now I'm probably the last person on earth to watch it. Just about anything I can say about this wonderful movie seems woefully superfluous at this point, and yet it seems fair to point out that I'm yet another person taken in by this tragic and touching movie.<br /><br />I'm not usually a big fan of romances and tear-jerkers, largely because my tears are so easily jerked that I'm one of those people who cry during previews (especially the [[ASIN:B0013FSL3E Wall-E]] preview, *sniffle*), and I can't say that I'm ever likely to return to Brokeback Mountain a second time, but that's not because I didn't enjoy the movie (far from it) but rather because this movie is memorable at a level comparable to searing itself onto one's brain matter. The writing is simply superb, the acting is quite possibly the best I've ever seen, and the plot is both simple and straightforward (forbidden love) while still being incredibly complicated and thought-provoking.<br /><br />It's hard to say what I liked most about this movie. I appreciated that Ledger's character wasn't given an 'easy out' in terms of his almost emotionally abusive behavior towards Gyllenhaal's character. Yes, the movie acknowledges powerfully that Ennis' behavior is driven by a guilt and fear that was instilled in him powerfully at a young age, but though Ennis is a victim, the movie does not insist that we hand him complete forgiveness for his treatment of Jack. Ennis is holding on to Jack because he loves him, and we pity him for being unable to embrace him fully, yet he seems blissfully, willfully blind to Jack's own pain at their near-constant separation, and Ennis is at fault for not making more time for his lover, or at least make his feelings plain and clear enough to ease some of Jack's pain and doubt.<br /><br />I also greatly appreciated the tenderness with which the movie approaches Ennis' wife and her feelings towards her husband's affair. It would have been tempting to cast her as all saint (understanding her husband's needs and accepting it without any feeling on her part) or as a convenient villain (thus making it morally 'acceptable' for Ennis to behave as he does), yet she is neither and the movie is better for it. As a human being, she struggles with her hurt over Ennis' adultery balanced against his steadfastness as a provider and father, if not as a loving husband. Even when her anger boils over, she never loses sight of the fact that she loves Ennis (as the father of her children, if nothing else), and she does not spread the rumors that he fears might literally end his life.<br /><br />I felt that the ambiguity over Jack's death was a careful touch. We are unsure whether the story of Jack's death was merely a cover for the murder Ennis imagines, and whether or not it is a figment of his imagination colors his acceptance of the matter. Was Jack's death a tragic event that he could have prevented by running off with him? Or would running off with him merely have put them both in further danger? It's impossible to say, and it's easy to imagine Ennis tormenting himself with this question for the rest of his life.<br /><br />Like pretty much everyone else on earth, it seems, I deeply recommend Brokeback Mountain for a tragic and touching tale of love and loss.<br /><br />~ Ana Mardollwhich the movie approaches Ennis' wife and her feelings towards her husband's affair. It would have been tempting to cast her as all saint (understanding her husband's needs and accepting it without any feeling on her part) or as a convenient villain (thus making it morally 'acceptable' for Ennis to behave as he does), yet she is neither and the movie is better for it. As a human being, she struggles with her hurt over Ennis' adultery balanced against his steadfastness as a provider and father, if not as a loving husband. Even when her anger boils over, she never loses sight of the fact that she loves Ennis (as the father of her children, if nothing else), and she does not spread the rumors that he fears might literally end his life.    I felt that the ambiguity over Jack's death was a careful touch. We are unsure whether the story of Jack's death was merely a cover for the murder Ennis imagines, and whether or not it is a figment of his imagination colors his acceptance of the matter. Was Jack's death a tragic event that he could have prevented by running off with him? Or would running off with him merely have put them both in further danger? It's impossible to say, and it's easy to imagine Ennis tormenting himself with this question for the rest of his life.    Like pretty much everyone else on earth, it seems, I deeply recommend Brokeback Mountain for a tragic and touching tale of love and loss.    ~ Ana Mardoll
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|Final Fantasy VII Advent Children Complete is such a fantastic film. The additional 26 minutes of footage clears up so many questions I had from the original release. The opening scene with Kadaj and Rufus is perfect. Anyway, the plot itself takes on more substance, and the big question marks are answered.    For the special features, the long preview of Final Fantasy XIII is nice. The problem, however, comes with the fact that the U.S. version did not come with the Final Fantasy XIII demo (thanks Microsoft). Nonetheless, the game video was very impressive.     Anyway, if you already own the dvd version, you may not want to put out another 20-30$ on this blu-ray. But for me, it was totally worth it. I was very impressed with the end result.
B001TK9CYA|4.0|The pacing is so slow in the first two chapters that I fell asleep reading them. I almost quit reading it all together,but a week later I had terrible fight with someone and couldn't sleep so I ended up reading the whole darn thing in a couple of hours.<br />Its about a semi famous writer(Juliette) who starts getting letters from a book club from Guernsey Island,a interesting place ,that I have never heard of.<br />The Germans took everything they had during the war,so they formed this book club and that's what got them through the hellish occupation.<br />They chat about books they love and hate ,and how the war changed everything forever.My favorite one is when Izola and Juliette both talk about Wuthering Heights and how the entrance of Cathy's ghost wrapping on the window, grabbed at their soul.<br />They are other letters to her clingy boyfriend(blech)her editor,Sidney,who reminds me one of my best friends, and a stuttering pig farmer.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|There's a reason this one's at the top of the Box Office charts and is w/o question likely to remain there all 2009.  Best ST Movie yet.  Great entertainment value for the $$$ for adults and kids alike. Greatly exceeded the rather low expectations I had before seeing it. Highly recommended. I'd go see it again and given the junk that's out there this 4th July weekend, might do just that. Enjoy!
0316779237|4.0|Omigosh, this was one with like a hard ice tea in the middle of the dessert. I thought the conversational essay was dead. Reading Dave is such a treat, he is the kind of guy I should date,polite,observant,with a dark witty, messed up sense of humor.  Anyone who has worked in retail during Christmas can relate to The Santaland Diaries. He tells you about the highs and lows of being a christmas elf.  Dina the Christmas Whore was a great visual essay and The Christmas Letter was a scream.(although in the most twisted way )  The last two are confusing and not worth reading. But other than that its a great book.
B00204AA0O|4.0|Far is a classic record for her. Reminds me of Tori Amos and Sara Bareilles. This cd is unique it's how Regina Spektor puts it all together. This cd will catch you and you'll get easily addicted to her voice. Overall to me this is a great cd. I like how she writes her lyrics. Her music is just amazing. The same Regina sound, but a little different. Far is a little different than begin to hope, but if you open your mind you'll like this cd.<br />My favorite songs on Far is:<br />1. The Calculation<br />2. Machine<br />3. Laughing With<br />4. Human Of The Year<br />5. Two Birds
0132350882|5.0|This book will not teach you new things, if you are an experienced programmer. But ... this book is also worth to be read for experienced programmers, as they will find the confirmation for their methods they have \\"invented\\" by themselves during the last decades sitting in front of the monitors in order to produce clean code.     Short: for beginners a must-read for learning, for experienced ones a must read for teaching.
B001TOD92C|4.0|This is the best low-budget movie I've seen in a long time. At first I was put off by the camera-following-behind style, thinking \\"What a copout.\\" But then I realized it added to the realism of the story. Professional wrestling may be fake, but the movie shows that there are serious hazards to this sport that are anything but fake. Of course, It is just a movie, but I'm pretty convinced that these portrayed hazards really exist. (injuries, razor blade cutting, etc.). There are a lot of moments where there is no real dialogue, which just adds to the depressing vibe of certain scenes. You really feel sorry for the main character played by Rourke, who does a fantastic job. Some of the wrestling moves it is clear that Rourke performs himself--no stunt double. Impressive there, too.    I'm sure there are hundreds of has-been entertainers that can relate to Rourke's character, whether they're rock stars, wrestlers, actors, etc. A real eye-opener to young people who have ambitions in those areas of profession--prepare yourself for retirement early!    The only part of the movie I didn't like is the ending--a big disappointment. But overall, an enjoyable watch.
B00005QGAT|5.0|RIP MICHAEL - KEEP MICHAEL CLOSE TO YOUR HEART WITH A KEEPSAKE TRIBUTE NECKLACE - LIMITED SUPPLIES [...]
B0028T6XXY|5.0|I saw Michael & Naturally 7 in concert and Buble does create a amazing memorable concert!  This DVD/CD might not be what most expect to get, it's different in a few ways and frankly I enjoyed every part of the DVD. Michael is all about having a good time on stage and the footage shows this. I love how he directs his band with his body and I love how he just keeps smiling having a great time. He loves what he does and it shows! He truly was born to be an entertainer.     I loved the back stage interviews and I loved watching Michael just be Michael.The DVD has MORE then 7 songs. Did I want more live concert footage? Yes, but It's well worth buying and having in your concert DVD collection.     I also want to add I think it's completely unfair for anyone to rate this without seeing it! This is why I am giving a 5 star review. I would have given 4 because I would have liked the entire concert. It's still worth buying!
B001H9JBW6|5.0|An intriguing thriller based on the fear that government can and eventually will endorse a 24/7/365 total approach to control and 'right think' a populace ala Orwell's Big Brother.<br /><br />As London has become the de facto standard in regards to CCT video, advances in heuristic computer modeling via known association, and biometric recognition software - 'Enemy' drops a brilliant computer engineer into this coming world via the mysterious death of his estranged brother, a well-known and respected field aid worker helping the less fortunates of the world. A brother that may have stumbled into an international cover-up of a possible global pandemic.<br /><br />Equally terrifying and powerful, this stark well-made BBC production (a standard that we in the US should strive for IMO) has already been added to my library.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Since I do not subscribe to HBO I had heard of this production so ordered the set for viewing. First the packaging is excellent then the program itself is well written, superbly acted and quite entertaining. Let me know when the next season is available
0321544080|3.0|As a photo prof I purchased this book for students to page through for inspiration.  The biggest flaw is that most of these shots are not feasible to your average student or artist.  (My institution is not an \\"art school\\" or a pure technical program, it's more academic and interdisciplinary.)  However, whether my students find it frustrating or not, I think it's a great reference tool for DIY techniques and playing in photoshop in attempts to achieve similar effects.
B00003CXB6|5.0|Came really quick, within 2 days! and it was used, but worked and looked great.
B001E95ZHY|3.0|The story is of a guy who 20 years ago was the drummer for a band that when finally discovered, the new manager made them dump the drummer, and they went on to huge success.   The drummer becomes bitter and a bum and becomes a loser for the next 20 years, and when his girlfriend leaves him, he goes to stay at his sisters place with her family for a while.  While there, his nefue has a band of his own, and there drummer can not make the prom performance they where set to play at, so in desperation they convince his uncle to play drums for them, and they begin to get some recognition and he starts living the dream of a rockstar he thought he was supposed to start living 20 years ago... a 40 year old man drumming for a bunch of 16 year olds.    Overall, it seemed like a combination of parts of Rock Star and School Of Rock with elements of other rock n roll movies in there.   The movie is watchable, but I would rank the other two movies I mentioned higher then this one. What would have made it better was a decent soundtrack, these songs this group put together just plain and simple suck because it's more alternative music then real rock n roll.
1593081545|3.0|If you're looking to read an Austen novel for the first time, this one isn't it. Mansfield Park is neither typical for Austen, nor her best work. Unlike several of her more well-known books, Mansfield Park does not feature a strong and spunky heroine. Fanny Price is compassionate, smart, and morally spotless, but she isn't the most exciting character to read about. Though many of her emotions are relatable, I sometimes found myself becoming annoyed with her total inability to stand up for herself. Her happiness is entirely dependent on the whims of others from start to finish, and she was too submissive to stand out in comparison to Pride and Prejudice's Elizabeth or Emma's Emma Woodhouse. In typical Austen style, the writing was beautiful and flawless. However the plot dragged. This is primarily because the protagonist did absolutely nothing to advance it herself, and so all of the development had to be carried by the other characters. Additionally, though the romantic opposite of Fanny is repeatedly praised as kind and level-headed, his actions show him to be easily blinded and to lack a deal of the taste that he is credited with. Austen had an excellent chance to depart from her usual plot formulation in the existence of the character Henry Crawford, but in failing to follow through made the ending entirely anti-climactic.<br /><br />In my opinion, the one real strength in this piece was Austen's characterization. Unlike prior novels in which she was content to attribute the actions of certain characters to pure rottenness of character (Wickham comes to mind), in Mansfield Park we see Austen exploring the motivations and justifications of all her characters, good and bad. As a result they were all more real and relatable and the distinctions between bad and good were less clearly cut, leading to a more subtle and complex read. Overall, it is definitely worth a look, particularly for long-standing Austen fans, but it wouldn't be my first recommendation. Read Prideand Prejudice or Emma first.
B000IHY9SE|3.0|This was good album, like the rest of the Eminem albums. However, I found that this album did not contain the Eminem style, in fact, it was a little too gangster for an Eminem album. I was still infatuated with Eminem and D12's singles.
B001P42Y18|1.0|The original AR for Seven is 2.35:1, this release is 1.85:1    Not recommended, wait for a US release.
038533348X|4.0|Clever, humorous, satirical tale about the end of the world and the bumbling characters (including the three children of a mad scientist) in a South American dictatorship that cause it to come into being through turning all the world's water into ice. Philosophical and psychological, incredibly insightful into mankind's existence. Grade: B+
B001GZ6QEC|1.0|Heath Ledger works feverishly as the Joker (the intensity of his commitment is the best thing about his performance), and there are times when his black-ringed eyes take on a hurt expression, like a wounded raccoon's, that is unexpectedly touching.  For the most part, however, Ledger turns a fantastical character into an ordinary, coarse-grained psychopath; and his Joker is neither original, inventive nor scary enough to be a truly memorable screen creation.    The rest of the film is an insulting mess.
0060853972|5.0|Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett (both of whom follow in the path of Douglass Adams and Oscar Wilde) working together is a comic-fantasy-genre-enthusiast's dream come to reality (like if only Tolkien and Rowling, or Shakespeare and Austen could have gotten together), and it does not disappoint in this novel that does to the apocalypse what Christopher Moore did to Jesus Christ (in Lamb, the Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal). Crowley (a demon that once appeared as a snake to great effect) and Aziraphale (a mediocre angel) have been hanging around earth and humans so long that they've gotten rather fond of it, particularly compared to their homes (Hell and Heaven, respectively), which are fairly boring. Deciding that they'd rather not have the end of days, they set off to save those extraordinary creatures with free will and greater capacities for good and evil than either angels or demons. Humans, of course. They just have to find the antichrist, an eleven-year-old boy, through the prophecies of Agnes Nutter, who unfortunately was always nice and accurate. A fantastic, imaginative, clever story about the end-of-days, with very real and human characters, a witty and delicious prose that tickles the brain, and the perfect message: there should be no winner, no loser; we should just enjoy humanity's battle between good and evil. Enjoy the board, not the pieces. Grade: A
B001K3JF7K|1.0|If Diana Krall looked like Susan Boyle instead of Diana Krall, she might be making a comfortable living as a competent jazz pianist, because she really can play. She wouldn't be rated as a great singer, because in truth, she can barely sing. Her signature phrasing, halting and broken, speaks (literally) of a person who can't sustain a note for more than a second and who has a vocal range of maybe an octave. Fortunately she's a smoky alto rather than a strident soprano, with a sexy timbre to her voice that substitutes for musicality. And playing the cleavage card has always been a smart move in show business. Hence, she's a star.    Before I continue, let me clarify my feelings about Susan Boyle.  Now, there's a singer or, at least, a singer with potential, a woman with a real voice. Her average-Jane looks and powerful pipes may, and hopefully will, impress me one day in a manner that Diana Krall never could, given Krall's extremely limited vocal skills.    Usually Amazon fans are fairly unified in their opinion of a CD, but this CD is notable for the extremely wide range of opinions about it. The die-hards love it because they love whatever Krall does.  Other Krall fans are puzzled by what they correctly perceive to be a lackluster, dull, insipid recording. Still others scratch their heads trying to figure out what the heck people see in Diana Krall.  I gave this recording a chance because I fall in that last category. Never one to be influenced by a good PR campaign, I nonetheless felt that perhaps I've been too hard on Krall.  Alas, Quiet Nights is so quiet as to be comatose. Do not mistake affectless, flat, dry non-interpretation for intensity. The Empress has no clothes, my friends.  Oh wait, she does. It's a low-cut black dress, and a fan is staring down the bodice right now, listening to the echo of his own breathing and mistaking it for music.
1440468397|5.0|It being my 27th year of spinsterhood (the same age of our heroine Anne Elliot), and being Austen-inclined, I picked up (and consequently couldn't put down) my beloved, aged Complete Works of Jane Austen in order to reread Persuasion, a close third favorite (only just after her masterpiece P&P and the profound S&S). Oh, Jane, how I love you, my most favorite author. So funny; I was cackling with laughter at your comedic timing, your witty and ironic eye, and your amazing attention to detail in human psychology, character, and behavior. Not just moved to laughter, but even to tears (Captain Wentworth's final love letter still gives me collywobbles). Falling into Jane's books is like falling into a vat of literary chocolate. Oh, yes, there is the beautiful love story (one of her absolute best, by far her most mature, perhaps her most moving and emotional) between the broken-hearted and angry Captain Wentworth and the spinster, past-her-prime Anne Elliot, torn asunder years before because she was persuaded that he was unworthy of her, now reunited, yet distant. (How Jane so perfectly and honestly describes the pining, unrequited heart!) But--as with all of Jane's works--the love story is really only a vehicle for her greater messages and observations about society, reality, human psychology--messages that are still profoundly pertinent. It's not only that her characters and situations could be walking around onto on our concrete streets. It's that Jane knew humanity down to its core two hundred years ago. When her incredibly real and troubled characters find romance, it is a meeting of internal discovery. Persuasion, needless to say, is about the necessity of finding the balance between yielding to outside forces (i.e. advice) and staying true to your own desires and conscience. What human being hadn't had to contend with that? This book is perfection itself. Still powerful, meaningful, humorous, moving, and utterly delightful. Grade: A+
0061547840|5.0|I love books like this - that is books that deal with success, etc. For example \\"The Success Principles\\" by Jack Canfield is one of my all time favorites.<br />This book goes right there with it. It provides so many examples of the means to Think Big. In addition, the writing is very conversational. It is like spending a couple of hours with Donald Trump and most folks would be 100 times the cost of this book to spend some time with Trump and getting his insight on how to live and do business.<br />This is a great book and I would definitely say it is a must read!
0061478784|5.0|My favorite book from this amazing author and one of my favorite books of all time. Sophie, a meek, mousy eldest daughter (and therefore curse to never be much of anything) is cursed to be a 90-year-old woman by the Witch of the Waste. Finding herself feisty, she barges her way into the magical castle of the vain, drama-queen, heartless Wizard Howl. Sophie finds herself trying to break the contract between Howl and his fire demon, Calcifer, and also finds herself falling for Howl. Amazing, hilarious book, a unique and magical fairy tale with great character and one of the best love stories of all time. A rare book that is a fantastic blend of humor, drama, magic, and mystery. Also made into one of the best movies of all time, from a master storyteller in his own right, Hayao Miyazaki. Also, the book is followed by two wonderful sequels. Grade: A+
B000001GY9|5.0|I own the highly acclaimed recording by Georg Szell but never got into hi interpretation. I therefore purchased this bargain double-CD from DG.  I have to say that I am a huge Bernstein fan and I was not disappointed. This recording has much more depth and also the sound is striking. In addition this is a liver recording and it therefore has much more tension than sterile studio recordings. A must for all Bernstein fans!
0156027321|5.0|The extraordinary tale of Pi, shipwrecked onto a lifeboat with a 450-pound tiger, which is part Aesop's fable, part religious metaphor, part psychological and philosophical allegory, all with the profound purpose of showing the very power of religious myth and the human art of storytelling to help in our survival in this harsh reality. Pi, a 16 year-old Indian son of a zookeeper, is a devout Muslim, Christian, and Hindu, interested much more in the metaphysical realities than the scientific ones of his parents and the animals in the zoo. The question becomes, which one--science or religion--is going to keep Pi alive on his Noah's Arc built for two? And what is the difference between mankind and the wild animals? Between the zoo and the wilderness? Where does humanity rest? Fascinating, exciting, brilliant, deeply original survival/religious novel. Grade: A+
B0000041LO|5.0|I know this recordings since 10 years but was never able to afford buying them. Now they are available for a reasonable prize. You get more than 11 hours of heavenly music. Every Trio is jewel and I cannot get enough if this delightful interpretation by the Beaux Arts Trio. There is a good reason that all reference guides (Gramophone, Penguin etc) always refer to this box! Take your chance, buy and enjoy this beautiful box!
0060930349|5.0|Johnson's engaging and interesting history is (often times obnoxiously so) adoringly written to the spirit of America, its business and bigness, its people and inventive nature, its success and triumphs. While much must be taken with a huge grain of salt (and acceptance of business over people), much is a fascinating look at American culture, sociology, and psychology. Grade: A-
0061150142|5.0|A provocative read. It compels you to keep reading. I would definitely recommend this book to all Picoult fans.<br /><br />Though I enjoyed the book thoroughly, there was something incomplete about it. The facts behind Emily's suicide did not seem validated. The police investigation seemed very amateur and seems like the jury just bought a good closing argument. It lacked the drama of My Sister's Keeper or Handle With Care. I thought there would be a twist to the tale, but it all just ended, rather too peacefully.<br /><br />Having said that, I still liked the book. I love Picoult's way of story telling and the way she plays with words and emotions. She makes it feel very real and that makes her books \\"unputdownable\\".
B001U7FWM8|2.0|Ok. So I am mad about \\"Two Weeks\\" I can't hear it enough. So when I got the album itself, after reading such glowing reviews, I was really excited to hear what else was in store. They recently played here in Dallas to a sold out crowd, so I thought I was on to something.<br />Imagine my surprise when I almost fell asleep listening to the album while driving. Other than \\"Cheerleader\\" which I love because of the odd drumbeats, I have to say, um, HUH? BUT! I know that this must require repeated listenings to fully appreciate, and I'll keep trying, and next time I'll use headphones. Hopefully I can come back here and write a more glowing review. Until then, there it sits on my desk. Looking at me. Love the cover art, though.
0307341569|4.0|I absolutely loved Gillian Flynn's first novel, Sharp Objects, so I was anxiously waiting to get my hands on this one.    In this book, Libby Day is a survivor of a mass murder of her family - and her brother Ben is still serving time for the murders of her mother and two sisters. She lives in almost paralyzing inertia, living off a trust fund that started with donations for her care after the murders. The novel begins 25 years after the murders. Libby's money has run out and she's contacted by a man who wants to pay her for memorabilia and a personal appearance with his \\"Kill Club\\" - a group who has been attempting to solve the mystery.    As Libby begins to finally face what happened that night, she begins to question her own memories - as well as her own testimony that her brother had committed the murders.    I highly recommend this book - and if you haven't read Sharp Objects, be sure to pick that one up as well!
B00005QGAX|1.0|Although this was once a great work, it does not survive well. Buy it if you have never had it. Otherwise, its just nostalgia.  Sorry, Michael.
B001U0HBPQ|4.0|I have to admit I was skeptical about this film when I watched it, but it only took a couple of minutes for it to fully get my attention.    I think that other than the amazing CGI work in the movie, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button has a really good timing, I couldn't believe a movie this long will keep me interested all the way.    It is an interesting look on life and gives you a new perspective on aging.     Sometimes I felt that Mr. Depp had problems acting as an old man, but the CGI made sure to make it really believable, making it almost flaw-less and outstanding digital and cinematographic work.    (As a side note, I really enjoyed the idea of how optimistic the character was as he was raised in a place where death is a \\"common visitor\\" making him enjoy every day in life like wine drops in a bottle)
B00005JMYI|4.0|This is one of the most hilarious comedies from Will Ferrel and Steve Carell. I don't care if it looks dumb or it's not very smart, all I care about is that this film definintely makes me laugh. Carell steals the show as the mildly retarded Brick (\\"Fantastic!\\"), while Ferrel and Applegate make an interesting onscreen duo. And let's not forget some unexpected cameos in the middle of the film.<br /><br />Watch it, and you'll be in hysterics. And don't forget: always drink your scotty scotch scotch!
B0013D8LOK|4.0|Sweeney Todd is back, and this time on the big screen.    This is definately not a movie for the faint-hearted. If you are expecting a classic musical with happy songs and joyful feelings, this is not the movie for you. In this adaptation of the musical Sweeny Todd loses all the subtly(¿?) the play has on stage.    This is a very good and smart production that uses the weaknesses of the actors into achieving something good, (like the uneducated voice of Mr. Depp making the character more believable).    The whole thing feels so surreal and cruel it gives you the feeling of the character's madness and pain after the first minutes.    I think some scenes were morbidly added to cause some of the audience to look away off the screen, and were unnecesary, but if you enjoy gore, you'll enjoy some of the cracking sounds.    The talent selection was good, but makes me wonder if some of the actors were put there just because recent success on their careers, or they'd really fit the character, specially the young ones which were very dull and unappealing, you just can't wait for their scenes to be over.     A good job by the Dark Duo (Burton&Depp)
0783219733|4.0|This is just one of the many films that I've enjoyed watching as a kid. Now, I can see that it really is a very good family film. Beethoven is likeable as the Saint Bernard that is raised into a middle class family. At first, everyone in the family begin to love him. The father, however, begins to find the dog to be a growing irritant, and a distraction from his job. Beethoven's relationship with the son and daughter are adorable and sometimes very hysterical. The villains of the film come off as very two-dimensional and very unsophisticated. I guess the main reason is because that this is a family film, and not a Stanley Kubrick-like thriller. But bland villains aside, this is a lovely film that doesn't seem to age after every viewing.
1843106698|3.0|Pretty hi-tech clinical reading, but lots of good info. Wouldn't offer this for the average Joe who just wants to know what aspergers is and how to cope with it.
B000VDDWE2|4.0|This review has two parts 1) About the movie (the story) and 2) about the Blu-ray DVD.  I own both the standard DVD and the Blu-ray of this movie.  My review is of the Blu-ray version.      First - this movie is entertainment, with an overtone that Global Warming is happening and it could impact us in big ways.  It doesn't point fingers, so please don't get bogged down in associating this with the Global Warming debates.  Global Warming is just the catalyst for this highly entertaining action movie.  If want to hold the film to scientific exactness, then you won't like it - but then you probably won't like many movies other than documentaries anyway.  This is just entertainment, and it's great at that.  If you enjoy movies like Twister or Independence Day, then you should like this movie as well.      Second - the Blu-ray version of the movie is pretty well done.  It adds clarity Blu-ray movies should have, but there are still scenes that don't have the sharpness you would expect.  I assume the source was just not high enough quality in some scenes to allow for a Blu-ray resolution output.  Some scenes were still as grainy as the DVD version.  This is why I only give this movie 4 stars.  Still, overall I feel satisfied with the improvement.       For those that have good sound systems as part of their home theater setup, you'll REALLY like how the Blu-ray version makes you feel you are part the action.  The Lossless Audio (DTS HD 5.1 Master Lossless Audio) really makes the sound rock, and allowed me to feel immersed in the story.  Got the neighbors interested in Blu-ray as well!  (You'll have to make sure your setup can decode this though.)
0061438294|4.0|Not great, however.  Apparently the FBI's knowledge of body language is limited to the standard stuff you may have seen in other books.
0743518144|4.0|It is amazing. I wanted to let others know where to find the access code in the audio book version (CD). I spent a lot of time looking... It's printed on the plastic under CD #1.
B0000TB014|4.0|I am not sure what that person meant when he/she said this DVD is not formatted for DVD players made in the US.  I am watching this DVD right now and it has excellent quality and my DVD player was made (and bought) in the US.  This is a great compilation of MJ music videos.  Such wonderful talent this guy had!  I wish it had Remember The TIme on it but it's on another DVD called HIStory Vol. 1 which I ordered today!  This is a great DVD to have if you are an MJ fan.  He was truly one of a kind!  \\"We'll miss you Michael.\\"
0394401522|5.0|I love both volumes.  This volume has a French bread recipe that is the real thing.  I was successful the very first time I tried.  You can make bread as good as any you can buy.  Just follow the instructions to the letter.  Even if you screw it up, it's the best bread you ever ate.
B0027G783W|4.0|Chilled out, and ambient best describe Moby's latest CD \\"Wait for me\\". It comprises swirling hypnotic and relaxing strings (soothing and swelling in turn), gentle beats, some instrumentals, and some vocals; a sharp contrast to its more big-diva Dance-oriented predecessor \\"Last night\\". \\"Pale horses\\" featuring some soothing female vocals repeating \\"Put me on a train / send me back to my home\\" is a perfect example.<br /><br />The mood is downbeat and melancholic, with aural pieces that could act as a backdrop to some epic movie (the trio of instrumentals \\"Shot in the back of the head\\", the acoustic \\"Scream pilots\\" or \\"JLTF1\\" and \\"JLTF\\"- the latter with spare vocals - especially). In fact, the few vocals there are stand almost in the background, letting the instruments take center stage.<br /><br />\\"Study war\\" features Spartan lyrics (male Preacher-style vocals crying for no more war) set against a cinematic backdrop, and is closest in feel to anything off \\"Play\\". \\"Walk with me\\" sounds dirge-like, with tremulous fragmented female vocals (Soul singer Leela James), \\"Mistake\\" has gently stomping beats, guitars and male harmonies, while \\"A seated night\\" sounds like a visit to some ancient monastery.<br /><br />Title track \\"Wait for me\\" features female vocals against cascading piano sounds, and closing cut \\"Isolate\\" is a guitar/piano instrumental with an ethereal feel (as is much of the CD really). At first listen, everything tends to sound the same, but repeated listening is required to appreciate its beauty. The album should really be listened to as one piece, much as Moby intended it to be, and I don't really see any single(s) being hits, but what do I know.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|A fantastic read, I hated to finish it so quickly. This book will stick with me a while.
B000ZN802W|5.0|This copy of Into The Wild is a great copy and it is a good movie.
B001TODCII|5.0|WOW...is the word that describes this action-packed thriller.  Liam Neeson stars as a divorcee and ex-government operative whose difficult relationship with his remarried ex-wife is surpassed only by his love for his daughter.  But when he is pushed into allowing his daughter to go on a trip to Paris with one of her girlfriends, his worst nightmare comes true....and this Dad must dig deep into his bag of tricks...his \\"very special set of skills\\".....to bring her home again.    Never a dull moment, this movie brings to the big screen something that is constantly being swept under the rug....the horrific business of human trafficking.  The prevalence of this is staggering and shocking...with the majority of the victims being women and children.  This is one that will make viewers sit up and pay attention.        DYB
0743289692|5.0|Wow - I could not put this book down. From her horrid childhood to her daring escape to her phenomenal rise in Holland, Ali is nothing short of a miracle - and a prophet. Her message is vital, critical and timely. She doesn't attack Islam, she merely points out its shortcomings, which she has experienced for herself firsthand. She is a daring, courageous woman for the way she has chosen to live her life, and for calling out Islam the way she has. Hopefully she will continue to write and speak out because her message needs to be heard. A beautifully written book by a beautiful human being.
B000005IS1|5.0|I came upon the MC5 by complete accident. In the early 90s, I was getting heavy into funk and soul, and  I got Kick Out The Jams, thinking these guys were a soul group.<br /><br />Imagine my suprise, but it was a plesent one. This is live, revolution rock, fueled by the inferno that was America in 1968. A lot of bands sang about insurrection at the time, but these motherf--kers were the real deal.<br /><br />All the songs on here have a cornorstone of roaring, distored guitar that sounds edgy today. Most of the numbers are blues on steriods--a LOT of steriods. It is a blasting masterpiece.<br /><br />But MC5 were no one dementional garage band. Listen to \\"Borderline\\" which has a bridge that goes beyond the typical hard rock transition of music like this. The band take it ten times further out on \\"Starship,\\" an out and out piece of avant-garde noise, where they use their guitars to create a frightening simulation of blasting into space. The vocals chant over absolutely chilling noises rung from the guitar. A lot of bands tooled around with feedback during this era, but only Hendrix matched this. Sonic Youth made a career out of the ideas on this track.<br /><br />If you have any, and I mean any, interest in grunge or punk and don't know this album, buy it right now. This was way, way ahead of its time
1601251556|4.0|This thing is great. The creases are a little heavy, but it's so much faster and easier to use than it's vinyl topped counter parts.    It's big, but I wish I could get a bigger one. It's not that big of an issue though since wiping the mat clean is a simple matter of using a dry towel. One swipe takes off all the markers, it's awesome.     Careful around it though. One of my players spilled his drink at the table and now the corner is all bubbled. It still works, it's just kind deformed.
B00003CXTG|4.0|This movie reveals a lot that our goverment hid for a long time.  Its sad when goverment knew something and did nothing.  Movie was good for news in history, love story-a bit much but good.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|There is a lot of crap and unfunny comedy on TV. This is not true of The Big Bang Theory. This is the best TV comedy since Seinfeld. It is intelligent and very funny.
B00005JLWN|5.0|Very fast shipping, product as promised, A+++++++++ all the way. Would highly recommend this Seller.....Thank you!!!!
B000PC0U1W|1.0|Can I give this movie zero stars??   Unforutnatly, this movie is just a twisted attempt to demonize Christianity. All the \\"Chirstian/Catholic\\" charecters are apart of the evil dictatorship, and all the gay/lesbian charecters are completely flawless beings, suffering oppression from the \\"narrow-minded\\" Christain based political party.  It's a little over the top.  I'm all for freedom of expression, but this movie takes basic Christian beliefs and twists them to seem opressive.    Besides that, it also looks low-budget and cheaply made.  Natalie Portman is a brilliant actress, unfortunatly this role is way beneath her.  The acting from the other British actors is mediocre at best.  I wasnt impressed with anything in this movie and will be selling my copy at my next yard sale.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|Love the music on these CD's!  These 2 CD's have most of the very best of MJ's songs.  Together with the 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Best of Jackson 5, you pretty much have ALL of MJ's hit songs.  Well worth the price and we would buy again!
0385341008|5.0|This is a delightful book! From the reviews I though maybe a nice book - I LOVED IT! Started reading Friday night and finished Sunday night. It is told entirely in letters which provides an intimacy that is different in a wonderful way. The story theme is moving and the life lessons and characters are totally endearing.<br /><br />I wanted many more chapters and volumes 2 and 3 - at least.
0061537969|5.0|This is coming from someone who stopped reading for enjoyment after reading those dry textbooks in her University days.  I picked this book thanks to my sister.  After reading the first chapter (the chapters are pretty short) at the bookstore, I knew I would enjoy reading the rest of the book.    The writing flows, hence the book being an easy read. I never realized a book could be this enjoyable from a dog's pov.  You'll find better reviews here, but I wanted to review it as someone who just picked up reading again.  I'm glad I did and now I wonder if my cat has similar thoughts as Enzo.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|I agree with an above poster. I didn't buy this album to \\"drool\\" over. I wanted to listen and enjoy his music not analyze his life or even think about his passing. Just enjoy the tracks on this record. 2 songs I liked weren't included they were , The Jacksons \\"Torture\\" and MJ's 2001 song \\"2000 Watts\\". But I got most of those from the net. I liked some of MJ's songs but only knew the most popular ones prior to his passing. Since his passing and thanks to a tribute of MJ songs played on XM Satellite Radio. I now enjoy more songs than ever before. I know most think that people like me ONLY bought this record because of the hype. That isn't true if you never liked MJ's music than regardless of the hype you won't all of the sudden like his music. You have to be a fan of some sort prior to his passing. Sad that it takes MJ passing for fans bring his music to a level that he never saw when he was alive. I like most (if you never owned a MJ album) wanted to have at lease one ACTUAL record of MJ's to remember the good music he did. I'll add that listening to \\"You are not alone\\" is very hard now knowing that MJ is gone. Knowing that he meant so much to so many! It was like his way of leaving a final message! RIP MJ
0307474275|5.0|This is one of the books that really got me into reading.  Seemed like I couldn't put it down!
B0001I561E|3.0|Aladdin is the usual Disney fare.  Not a bad movie for sure, but not one I could watch over and over again.
B001TOD92C|5.0|Mickey Rourke deserved the best actor oscar for his performance in The Wrestler.  It's so nice to have him back.  Overall the film is a sad story but a definite \\"must-see\\".
B001NY42KQ|1.0|I really enjoyed and appreciated the first High School Musical.  It had a vital message for young people, not highly original, but possibly stated in such a way that it would reach a few individuals that wouldn't necessarily pay attention to anything else.  Right now, there is a student who is breaking the mold and surpassing their expectations because they learned that they could from the Disney Channel! The sequel left most of that out, and the third installment looks more like something a Government agency would come up with.  The original cast have become caricatures of themselves and so many elements of the storyline have been reworked from the first two movies that it eventually becomes a chore just to sit through it. This film fulfilled all of my expectations, but not in a good way.  I was sincerely hoping that they would have poured a little bit of that high budget movie money into the script, but it was my perception that nobody even went back to watch the original film.  Sure, the first movie was posturing and silly, but in the end it meant something. This film just means that there is no concept so insignificant that a movie studio can't throw money at it in the hopes of making more.  Lesson Learned.
0385247125|3.0|I've had this book in my possession since 1988, I read it back then and I just read it again cover to cover in one sitting, it took me 5 hours and it was worth it. The book is a good read because it helps you to understand the mind of MJ and especially in light of his recent and tragic passing, the read was also sad and telling. He talks of his insecurities, the lack of closeness with his father, his embarrassing moments etc. What I gathered from this book was he was a highly sensitive and gentle nature. He will be truly missed. A must read for any die hard fan.
B00297FEUS|5.0|First, I initially rec'd one of the defective copies of the CD and was very angry and disapointed. After doing some legwork and e-mailing Rhino I did get an e-mail re their error with instructions to obtain a replacement disc. Instead I just returned the defective one to Amazon and bought a new one at Best Buy. Now THIS is what I was waiting and hoping for. Stay Hungry sounds better than ever and blows away the original 80's disc. The bass and drums especially sound much better. Disc two is great but may not be very accessable to non SMF's as the songs are all in non finished states but for me it's like Christmas. I didn't dig the new song 30 on first listen but it has definitely grown on me. All in all I am very happy with the release and very happy I was able to get the disc the way it was meant to be released. That being said Rhino and/or TS could have done a better job of letting people know about the problem but I guess they were trying to avoid bad press.
B00004XPPE|5.0|Rather than echo the plaudits of the reviewers before me, all of which I am in full accord, I'd like to offer another observation.<br /><br />The most frightening aspect of this movie is that it speaks of a mass fear that is specific to the last two or three generations. The fear of the willful destruction of all life on this planet through the technological method. Consider the kind of neurosis and fear that gripped the last three generations. A fear that any moment the whole of human society could be instantly incinerated. This fear has been a deciding factor in the unfolding of western culture since the end of WW2, and it would be a poor student or scholar of history who fails to see this.<br /><br />I quote John Fowles (from The Magus):<br /><br />&#34;The threat of nuclear catastrophe had stimulated the economic production, ensured peace (to some extent), and provided a sense of real danger behind every moment of life. The result was an amoral era in which consumerist self-gratification against a backdrop of imminent doom produces entire populations of autoerotic and autopsychotic people. Economic isolation and psychological isolation from states of poverty and human suffering will be a norm. The result is men of moderate intelligence, little analytical power, and no science; coupled with the inadequacies of the pseudo statements of low-quality art and confused value judgments, utterly incapable of meeting their evolutionary roles. He has been launched into a world with no training in self-analysis and self-orientation; and almost all the education he received is positively harmful to him. He was born, so to speak, blinded by his environments; and cannot find his way.&#34;<br /><br />This is the heritage of the nuclear age.<br /><br />The movie, and indeed the source of its inspiration, imposes upon the whole of the human race a single question: are we wise enough to master ourselves and the power we now possess? Are we evolved enough to face the responsibilities that the momentum of human history has imposed upon us?<br /><br />One thing we must face that is truly disturbing is this. Throughout the history of the world since 1945, nuclear war has been averted on several occasions. What one must ask is weather our leaders did so owing to a moral choice and a sense of responsibility to God and His human creation, or weather they were simply motivated by a desire to preserve their station? The practical upshot of this, from their point of view, is that nuclear war would end human society; and as a result, end their political power. From a purely political perspective, this would be a terribly irresponsible thing to allow. Yet, how does this affect the rest of humanity? Does this reduce the individual to a disposable commodity, a statistic devoid of all human and spiritual value? And even worse, how many human beings regardless of station, rank, and ideology are, almost exclusively by choice and consent, truly below a level of such consideration?<br /><br />Furthermore, how did humanity devolve to the point of using science and the subtleties of nature in such a horrible manner? What kind of human being could willingly build such devices? What corruption of mind and spirit could look at the world, its resources, and peoples, and say &#34;If I cannot possess and control it, then nobody will!&#34; Because that is, in stark reality, the statement that every nuclear weapon ultimately makes. And why do we willingly permit such people to run our governments, industries, militia, media, educational institutions, and economy?<br /><br />&#34;Fail Safe&#34; forces these questions down our throats, and dares us to answer them honestly. That is, if we have the courage and honesty to do so. The candid answers to these questions should terrify us more than this movie ever could.upon us?  One thing we must face that is truly disturbing is this. Throughout the history of the world since 1945, nuclear war has been averted on several occasions. What one must ask is weather our leaders did so owing to a moral choice and a sense of responsibility to God and His human creation, or weather they were simply motivated by a desire to preserve their station? The practical upshot of this, from their point of view, is that nuclear war would end human society; and as a result, end their political power. From a purely political perspective, this would be a terribly irresponsible thing to allow. Yet, how does this affect the rest of humanity? Does this reduce the individual to a disposable commodity, a statistic devoid of all human and spiritual value? And even worse, how many human beings regardless of station, rank, and ideology are, almost exclusively by choice and consent, truly below a level of such consideration?  Furthermore, how did humanity devolve to the point of using science and the subtleties of nature in such a horrible manner? What kind of human being could willingly build such devices? What corruption of mind and spirit could look at the world, its resources, and peoples, and say &#34;If I cannot possess and control it, then nobody will!&#34; Because that is, in stark reality, the statement that every nuclear weapon ultimately makes. And why do we willingly permit such people to run our governments, industries, militia, media, educational institutions, and economy?  &#34;Fail Safe&#34; forces these questions down our throats, and dares us to answer them honestly. That is, if we have the courage and honesty to do so. The candid answers to these questions should terrify us more than this movie ever could.
B00151HZME|3.0|This album is like roasting a marshmallow.  Some tracks(We Own the Sky, Kim & Jesse) are a perfect golden brown and delicious.  Others(You, Appearing; Couleurs) are a little burnt, but still good.  Thens there's the tracks(Midnight Souls Still Remain, Skin of the Night) you never get to enjoy because it rains and your camp fire goes out before you have a chance to roast your tasty treat.  A little less atmosphere in some tracks would have been nice.  I don't want 4 1/2 minutes of electro-lush before the song starts.  But, overall, a very decent record.
0689865384|3.0|Even a few weeks after read Uglies, I'm still not sure if i liked it or not.     This book is definitely an easy read.  It follows the story of Tally Youngblood, an ugly whose only thought in life is about turning pretty and joining her friend Paris.  That is until she meets Shay who doesn't want to turn pretty.      I liked the concept of this book, but was put off by the writing style that was definitely intended for younger children. (7th graders maybe).  I felt like the author tried too hard to explain things about the characters and plot that I already understood.  Even though the book is \\"young adult\\", it didn't have to be as dumbed down as it was.  There are tons of young adult books that are enjoyed by people of all ages.    Although I thought the plot of kind of slow and boring for the first section of the novel, once Tally reached The Smoke, the story became more interesting.  I enjoyed reading about her relationship with David, but at the same time, felt bad for Shay who was always in love with him.      Overall, I did enjoy reading this book.  I would have liked to see it written for all ages instead of just middle school students, but there were parts that I thoroughly enjoyed.  I will be purchasing Pretties with the hope that it will be as good, if not better than Uglies
