B00004XQ83|2.0|I have no idea why people like this CD.  In my opinion there is only one good song.  -  The hit song.  The others are only good if you like jail house music or old time southern depressing music.  Worst CD I have bought in a long time.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|The answer: They weren't!  That's okay though, because when you've recorded albums that ambitious, where else is there to go?Apparently Dream Theater decided the place to go was HEAVY!!!<br />Like another reviewer on here, I agree that my first response was, &quot;Damn, someone got pissed off in the past year!&quot;  My next response was, &quot;This is the first heavy music I've heard in a long time that didn't reek of amateurism.&quot;  By the end of the album, I thought, &quot;Great album, but I'm sure it's going to divide the fans.&quot;  And if you go to the Dream Theater Message Boards, it has.  Some people love it, others hate it, and then there are those who are open-minded enough to weigh the pros and cons.<br />Personally, I like this direction, which seems to be a direct outgrowth from songs like &quot;The Glass Prison&quot; and &quot;The Great Debate&quot; from 6DOIT.  It's almost as if they were listening to the crap that was on rock radio and said, &quot;Hell, we can do better than this.&quot;  And they have.  It's like modern metal with musicianship injected.  All the songs are well crafted and epic in scope (7 songs, over 60 minutes) and the band, with all the heaviness, hasn't totally sacrificed melody.  I admit, I was a little wary when I heard the &quot;semi-rap&quot; sections and &quot;drum machine&quot; parts, but it's great that the boys are trying new things.  My only complaint is that there is not enough melodic guitar/keyboard playing.  Sure, it's there, but most of the soloing is pure shred, which, impressive as it is, I've grown beyond in the past few years.  As a great bluesman once said, &quot;Give me five notes that change the world instead of twenty-six notes I won't even remember.&quot;<br />But, this complaint is minor and doesn't interfere with my enjoyment of the album.  Sure, it's not as good as their last two albums, but it's pretty damn close.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|If you knew me, you'd know how much I use filesharing programs to get songs, even entire albums, of bands I like. I haven't bought a cd in years; I never saw the point, when you can get the same music for free.<br />One day as me and my friend are driving, and Weak and Powerless comes on the radio. It catches my interest, and I turn it up. When I get home, I immediately check the tracklist for Thirteenth Step and start downloading.<br />A week later, I went out and bought the cd.<br />This is one of the most beautiful pieces of music I've ever heard. Hands down. And yes, I've heard Mer De Noms (I have it now), and I still prefer Thirteenth Step for its more adventurous and experimental sound. I'm not usually even a fan of music that puts a heavy emphasis on atmosphere, I relate it to pretentiously artsy music. And, while you COULD make that connection with APC, I can't see anybody with a right mind doing so.<br />My only complaint with the album is that some of the songs (Crimes, Lullaby) seem like filler. I guess you could say this album is less accessible than Mer de Noms, but I say that those two cuts detract from the overall sound. And before you fault me for taking the music at face value, I've heard the entire album many times (probably too many), and I still don't get the feeling I get with the more prominent tracks. Crimes and Lullaby would be a great interlude in concert, I'm sure, but until then, let's keep them under wraps.<br />So, basically, while this album has a few small lows, the rest soars at unbelievable heights. It's a masterpiece of songwriting, and the instruments show strong talent and conviction. Buying the cd was worth every penny.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Ok...everyone needs to go buy the new DT album.  It is fast, heavy and extremely technical.  Me thinks this cd was made so they can get all of their previous agressions out in just one album.  Dream Theater again releases probably one of the best albums of the year, and totally blows away any of the so called Metal bands.  Once again DT has set the standard for all Prog bands out there, and put the Metal back into ProgMetal.  The heavy guitar/bass riffs, the complicated rythms of the drums, the vocals of james labrie, and the masterful keyboards once again make DT the pinacle of ProgMusic.  And for the love of god, don't insult these guys by comparing them to the Nutallica.  At first I was thinking, that maybe Dream Theater was going to make this just a power release, but instead proved there can be blistering progressive solos and rythms to back up their heavier sound.  For those of you out there who think the music is too long, it is because you are not used to having to listen to talented complicated music, so just go listen to Korn or LimpSuck, let them hold your pathetic little hands through their 2 power chords and  shut up.  These guys are musicians first and foremost, and what they write and play is not for the musically faint of heart.  I think Geoff Tate said it best this past summer: Complicated Music by Complicated people.  Anyway this is just another example of musical mastery by perhaps the most talented group out there.  Buy it listen to it, it is definately worth it.
0385504209|3.0|With all the hype surrounding this book, it was inevitable that I would end up reading it. The book has achieved a life of it's own, much as last summer's Alice Sebold The Lovely Bones did. People have passed it along by word of mouth and intimated that here was a fresh and bold new mystery about intellectual ideas. After having read it, I can say that, depending on the attitude you approach the book with, this is either fun pulp fiction, or disappointing and overblown.<br />I must say that as mind candy, I enjoyed the book. It is not at all great literature, but it is a page-turner and a fun read. The characters are pretty generic, with very little to distinguish them from a dozen other characters in mass fiction novels. Change the lead character, Robert Langdon from an Art History professor to an intelligence expert and you have Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan. Change him to a lawyer, and you have any number of John Grisham heroes. There is very little to distinguish him from any other popular novel hero. The same goes for Sophie Neveau or any of the other characters in the book. But the plotting is fast paced and keep you going. If the ciphers are obvious and some of the characters are obvious red herrings, and the prose style is a bit stilted, still the book keeps you entertained to the end.<br />The problems of the book come on the intellectual side. The central premise of the Holy Grail history is based on several popular \\"Chariots of the Gods?\\" style books...Holy Blood, Holy Grail; The Templar Revelation; and a few others thrown in for good measure. Unfortunately, the views outlined in these books are presented as representing the consensus of scholarly opinion on Grail symbology, rather than as what they are...popularized potboilers that outline minority opinions...opinions that have not stood up well in peer review, either in historical or in Art circles. And when Brown delves into theology he makes a large number of really egregious errors, errors that even proponents of the Gnostic Gospels don't make. He claims that the Gnostic Gospels are the \\"original\\" Gospels and that the standard canon of the Bible is a later attempt by the Church to distort an earlier version of Christianity. He claims that Constantine determined that Christ should be considered God and thereby wiped away any of the \\"real\\" gospels, creating the fictions we know as the standard canon. Unfortunately, none of this is true. The earliest we can date any of the non-canonical writings is the second century CE, while the Gospel of Mark has been pretty conclusively dated to the decade of the 60's CE. Even the latest additions to the Bible in modern scholarship predate most of the Gnostic texts by at least 80 years. Further more, Constantine did convene the council of Nicea as an attempt to create at least the semblance of uniformity in Christianity after the Edict of Toleration, the belief that Christ was \\"fully human and fully divine\\" predates Constantine by a full two hundred years...and the belief in the divinity of Jesus goes back at least to the Gospel of John, around 95 CE. The above is not to deny the Gnostic Gospels their due...they represent many of the competing strains of Christianity which existed in the Church's first 300 years, until they were forced underground by the growing power of the hierarchical Orthodox church. But the simplistic views stated in The Da Vinci Code paint a hugely distorted picture of something that deserves more thought and more study.<br />The second objection I have to the book is the portrait of the Catholic Church and particularly the Opus Dei. Though Brown tries at the end to lighten his portrait of the Church, he mostly presents a distorted image of the Church as the enemy of truth. Though undoubtedly, the Church has been guilty of some pretty awful things in it's history, in Brown's hands the Church ends up as a caricature...a paper tiger. Also, the portrait of the Opus Dei in the book is based on only the most negative images of the organization. Opus Dei is controversial, undoubtedly.  But to create such a ham fisted portrayal of the organization lends no help to either side in the debate over the organization, turning it from a questionable Traditionalist organization to a secretive, Jim Jones-like cult. And as the disturbed assassin, Silas, Brown has created perhaps one of the least believable characters in the book.<br />All that being said, the book is a fun read, as long as you can approach it as just another thriller and don't believe all the genius hype. If you are interested in a really good, well-researched book about the same Grail lore, I would highly recommend Umberto Eco's vastly superior Foucault's Pendulum. Eco takes similar theories, but approaches them with much more art and skill to create a truly magical book. Read it when you want your mind stimulated and leave the Da Vince Code for beach reading.... that's where it belongs.ive images of the organization. Opus Dei is controversial, undoubtedly.  But to create such a ham fisted portrayal of the organization lends no help to either side in the debate over the organization, turning it from a questionable Traditionalist organization to a secretive, Jim Jones-like cult. And as the disturbed assassin, Silas, Brown has created perhaps one of the least believable characters in the book.<br />All that being said, the book is a fun read, as long as you can approach it as just another thriller and don't believe all the genius hype. If you are interested in a really good, well-researched book about the same Grail lore, I would highly recommend Umberto Eco's vastly superior Foucault's Pendulum. Eco takes similar theories, but approaches them with much more art and skill to create a truly magical book. Read it when you want your mind stimulated and leave the Da Vince Code for beach reading.... that's where it belongs.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I didn't know it was possible, but Josh has topped himself! His voice has grown so much in two years, and this album is a joy to listen to! We can't wait to see him in Boston in February!
B00009TB5G|3.0|I know I will be labled a purist and told to just relax and enjoy the movie, but I can't!  I tried, but every horrible decision to deviate from the book wrenched me outside of the movie.  And besides the deviations there were many scenes just put in to Hollywoodize the movie.  A list of my complaints in no specific order -- 1. Legolas riding the shield \\"skateboard style\\"!  Give me a break.  How X-treme sports can you get?  Legolas walking on top of the snow, or flipping up on a horse, or walking on the cave troll's chain, yes!, but shield boarding, NO!  2. Gimli as comic relief.  Why?  Gimli would have found a nice vantage point at Helm's Deep.  He wouldn't have complained about running long distances.  He was a noble dwarf, not a bumbling moron!  3.  Aragorn falling off the cliff.  Why?  Talk about causing a log jam in the stream of the movie!  I thought the changes were made to make things move more movie-like.  If they wanted the dream of Arwen, people do dream while they sleep, and Eowyn can still look longingly  at Aragorn from afar to show she loves him.    And even non-readers of the book knew he was alive and felt no tension, so Legolas and Gimli's sadness rang hollow.  4.  The Ents.  Yes I loved their attack on Helm's Deep, but they were misrepresented completely before that.  They are the tree herders. They know when the forest is being cut down!!  And why didn't the Entmoot decide to attack Orthanc?  So the hobbits could show how cunning they are?  Uh, lets go this way, duh!  And then suddenly all the Ents in Middle Earth just pour out of Fangorn?  Treebeard had to walk miles to get there, and I thought they knew nothing of the destruction Saruman was causing.  5. Gollum's split personality.  Others might say this is just a natural extension of the book and they may be right, but when Gollum and Smeagol were having their conversation I lost all believablity.  He never cast out his Gollum side.  His personality struggled with good and evil, but that was who he was, not Sybyll.  6. Well, the most painful part of the movie was of course Faramir.  Okay, Faramir taking Frodo and Sam to Osgiliath externalized the struggle.  Good actors don't need that to happen!  Faramir studied under Gandalf.  He knew!!!!  Yes, he wanted to do right for Gondor, but he knew the ring was not right.  And taking them to Osgiliath just causes another break in their journey and they STILL haven't crossed into Mordor!  Nothing happened in TTT. A big battle, yee haa!  7.  The Elves at Helm's Deep.  Yeah, they are cool, but is that the only reason to put them there?  Elrond not giving up on Man is lost on me.  And Haldir Lives!!  8. Frodo holding the ring up the Nazgul.  Uh, that Nazgul sure gave up easy.  9.  Sam's sappy speech that changed Faramir's mind.  Too painful to watch.  10.  Galadriel's speech in the middle to catch us up.  I am watching the movie.  I don't need your help.  I would rather had PJ come on screen to apologize for turning The Two Towers into a hollywood crap fest.  <br />I am fine with adaptations.  Sometimes they can be better than the originals, but it seems the changes were made for the wrong reasons.   I didn't need the books dumbed down to the American public.   And I don't think they did either, well, I hope not.
B00004RJ71|5.0|This movie is definitely worth watching. I found it to be very interesting, and cool. it's kind of like &quot;a deathcamp&quot;, only it wasn't written by Casear Marsales. It's  a good movie.
B00006RU5B|2.0|when i heard that rage against the machine (RATM) broke up, i was disapionted. they had so much raw intensity and such meaningful, truthful, and radical lyrics. but when i heard that they were commin back with chris cornell as a vocalist...i thought it would be a good idea to check em out. little did i know that this record was not even close to the old rage stuff. putting chris cornell with rage is like putting justin timperlake with slipknot...it just dosent work. i think the band as a whole grew musically, however it would have been better if they grew along with zach, its like the band grew but the vocalist went strait down the tubes. anyone who is thinking about buying this record because you're a rage fan, i recomend that you think about it and stick with rage instead...cuz they are alot better. BULLS ON PARADE!!!
B00008BRB5|1.0|Regardless if it's the original, gold, remastered, DTS remastered, digipak, or SACD version this album is pretentious crap!      The band was so good before the blossoming of Sting's ego and this release.  It's hard to believe people actually enjoy tracks like Walking In Their Footsteps, Mother, Miss Gradenko, King of Pain, Wrapped Around Your Finger, Tea in the Sahara and Murder By Numbers.  Are you all librarians?    File this under the new music category Flaccid-Rock.  Right beside Kenny G, Michael Bolton and Sting.
B000005HNQ|5.0|If god were a female with a beautiful voice.<br />I love her vocals, they are absolutely beautiful and divine.  I rank her right up there with Tarja of Nightwish as my favorite female vocalist.<br />They mix rock, prog, and etherial atmosphere with her beautiful (soprano is it called?) singing.  The mix is absolutley perfect.  The yearning is obvious is Kevin's Telescope as well as wishing to be free as a bird is Nighttime Birds.  The Earth is my Witness talks about the rejuvination of life and Shrink tells about inadequacies in like. <br />Do yourself a favour and buy this album (along with the rest of their albums).  You won't look back.
B000002G23|4.0|Before you start reading my review understand that I perferred the Police when they had an edge and knew how to Rock.  I find Syncronicity and Sting's solo work to be too adult-contemporary (Yuppy-Rock) and devoid of any balls.    That being said this is THE Police greatest hits collection to get for intense fans, not one of the following:  Every Breathe You Take - The Classics  Every Breathe You Take - The Classics (DTS)  The Police - Greatest Hits  The Police - Greatest Hits (import version)  Every Breathe You Take - The Classics  The Very Best of Sting & the Police [1997]   The Very Best of... Sting & the Police  The Police - The Singles    That's right, eight best ofs for a band that released five albums.  Everything is here for the completist with the exception of an interview with Sting saying \\"Screw you guys, I'm going to sell out and make tons of cash selling watered down jazz\\"    If you're a casual fan I'd suggest getting the import version of The Police - Greatest Hits instead.  It has the essentials and can be found for a more reasonable price.      The packaging is good to look at but I expect tons of problems with it.  The paper exterior will get marked up, the plastic CD tray's will become seperated after the glue dries out, they will not fit into any standard CD towers.  (How do you take it in your car?)      The perfect package would have been one disc per album, each in their own jewel case (with b-sides and bonus tracks listed last.)  Put the lyrics, comments, complete discography and a brief history available in a seperate book.
B00006BXI0|5.0|This is just an epic.  The album starts you off rocking out with Of Sins and Shadows (also with a cool rocking choir vocals thing in there too).  It will cool you off with the epic Accolade.  <br />And then there's the epic:  The 20 plus minute The Divine Wings of Tragedy.  This is my second favourite Symphony X song (the other Epic: The Odyssey being my fav.).  It's about the fall of the devil and the endtimes.  Wonderfully done.  <br />And the last track is my third favourite song.  Canflelight Fantasia is just a very beautiful track.  Something I would expect more from a band like Nightwish or Mozart or something.  It's really beautiful.<br />Go out and buy this, The Odyssey, and V: The New Mythology Suite.  The top three X albums in evar!
B00005JKC3|5.0|since my 1st review i have viewed and reviewed the hulk over and over and still get so hypnotized by it it astounds if only you give it patience and the repeat screenings it so richly deserves! it really is an incredible and unforgettable film by ang lee and i still say bravo for taking a comic and turning it into a deep, dark, beautifully acted and crafted film.
B000001ESP|5.0|This is probably the most well known and classic of Rush's albums.  Every song is a hit off this album and would have a good chance being played live or appearing on their best of albums.  Tom sawyer is probably their most well known song.  Even people who don't like Rush or have never heard any of their albums could recite most of this song, just because of its wide popularity.  <br />Some other fan favorites are Limelight (life on the stage/road) and the classic Red Barchetta (about a man going for a drive in a future where cars have been banned).  Witch Hunt and the crazy instrumental YYZ are also here.<br />If you want to check out Rush (other than their best of albums), I would say pick up Moving Pictures.  It's a very solid rock album to rock the night away to.
B00005JM0B|5.0|yep i had a ball watched it 3 times already since picking up my dvd on tuesday! what a blast of entertainment! ok, perhaps nothing new here but more exciting, more action, more great special effects than i ever expected! should be a great holiday stocking stuffer for action fans of all ages, or anyone that really enjoys sitting back and by it's climax, be chewing on their fingernails. really cool flick-i really recommend it.  get it and enjoy-over and over!
B00005JLWN|4.0|With everyone debating whether its a copy or good action film I'm really suprised nobody pointed out that they accidently put two scenes in the wrong order!  I won't mention what they are, 'cause it destroys the purpose of the film.<br />The scene order aside, it is an excellent film.  Made even more so by the quality produced on such a low budget.  I highly recomend the viewing of this work.
B0000CABBW|4.0|but it does get much better as the story progresses-slowly, and somewhat trsgically for the little girl that no one seems to want, but is able to do everything like a chief leader. i found it dull, than uplifting, and by its conclusion, pretty moving!  but i could not find the rave review inside me that i was expecting.  very good flick with some wonderful acting though. worth a rental but not a buy to own.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|The more I listen to this album the more I like it, but that said I still think Scenes, Six Degrees are of higher quality in both songs writting, and musicianship. I am sure people may disagree with the latter. I like that they rocked out on this record, but I feel Johns solos are forced on some songs and not played with much emotion. Why repeat a part of Glass Prison and not do it as well? The instumental has a good part in the beginning, but then it is just boring. The music LTE put out is much better I think. All that said I do really like this cd, but I just am a little dissapointed, but then again like Tiger Woods DT in my eyes has set such high standards for themselves that when they don't over achieve it is a bummer. Still I can't wait to see them.
B0000A36J5|5.0|how could anyone above give this trilogy anything but raves?! they are masterpieces, and part 3 will prove to be the one that blows everyone out of the water, and, come next february, mr. jackson and his vision will receive every academy award they can offer-or should anyway! this trilogy will, like the legendary classics of yesteryear, set the standard and be the benchmark of how masterpieces are created-with love, vision, and perfection! already ordered this deluxe dts extended version, as i did last year for fotr! sound, picture quality are true perfection for the dvd format. bravo to everyone involved and to new line cinema for giving us the highest quality dvd sets ever.
B0000CFW87|5.0|This CD is as good as the first one. I would like to see more original songs written for Josh Groban's wonderful voice.<BR>I wish that next new CD will come sooner, that I wouldn't have to wait 2 years. One thing.... wish I had his voice! :-)<BR>A personal message to David Foster: &quot;Are you looking for a partner?&quot;
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Amazing Cd full of intriguing melodies and awesome solo's from the whole crew. Another AMAZING preformance from Petrucci, as well as Rudess and Portnoy.  I didnt forget you Myung.  Myung has the best album of his career, astounding bass on alot of the songs.  Another posotive feature of this album is the outstanding lyrics.  There is not one song i dont liek the lyrics to.  My ultimate favorite song, lyric wise is &quot;The Dying Soul&quot;  which is a very well composed song with a great preformance by LaBrie.  I don't usually like to criticize other critics, but the guy who said some parts of &quot;Honor Thy Father&quot; sounded &quot;rappy&quot; is flat out wrong and STUPID.  The part I think he is refferring to is a skit, like the one in &quot;Finally Free&quot; on &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot;.  It is meant to make you understand the lyrics, and give the song a feeling of hitting close to home, if you have had an experience like the one explained in the song.  So before you go off calling it &quot;rap-like&quot; get to know songs better and get to know Dream Theater better so people will respect your review.  Geeze.  I myself am a fan of about 6-8 months and I already have almost all their Cd's and know a hell of a lot about them.  That tells you how much I, like so many others LOVE Dream Theater.  On another note, if u are a fan of old school Metallica, you will also like the CD.  Basically it boils down to....BUY IT! you wont be dissapointed, i PROMISE.  This CD owns!  but it cant beat my all time favorite, &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot;.  If you are a new listener to Dream Theater, start out with a CD like &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot; or &quot;Awake&quot;.  VERY WELL COMPOSED CD..........BUY IT!
B000002BQK|5.0|She spreads her wings and prepares to fly,for Mariah has become a BUTTERFLY. That was the first hit from this album. Also,from this point on,an insignia of a butterfly appears on every Mariah Carey album. Other hits include HONEY,the beautiful love ballad MY ALL and WHENEVER YOU CALL which appeared on the follow-up #1's as a duet with Brian McKnight(same instrumental recording). There's a cover of THE BEAUTIFUL ONES written by Prince who recorded it for his 1984 movie and soundtrack album PURPLE RAIN. Mariah's recording of it is slower and a bit softer. A nightclub favorite is,like the DAYDREAM INTERLUDE on DAYDREAM,FLY AWAY. BREAKDOWN was a minor hit. It did not appear on #1's or MARIAH CAREY'S GREATEST HITS. All the other songs are very good. This album is also Mariah's first to feature guest appearances by rappers and hip-hop artists.
0312319517|3.0|Lets get this straight. Frederick Forsyth is the Master storyteller. Even Masters let it slip sometimes. Avenger is a slip.<br />This book is better than 98% of the action/fiction books out this year. But, possibly one of Forsyth's worst ever. This is the same man who gave is The Veteran &amp; Icon in the last 5 years and absolute classics like Day of the Jackal, Dogs of War, Fourth Protocol, Negotiator &amp; Fist of God apart from his short stories.<br />The plot should have been a short story. The book is 80% background stories &amp; 20% plot.<br />To sum it up, so-so but nothing close to the Master's best work.
B000002AVF|5.0|DAYDREAM has more soul than ever before. The hit FANTASY is really ass-kicking. It's only a two chord song(G major and E minor)! There's the jazzy UNDERNEATH THE STARS,ONE SWEET DAY with Boyz 2 Men,and a cover of OPEN ARMS which was a hit for Journey in late '81 or early '82. ALWAYS BE MY BABY is another #1 hit. I love the sound of the DAYDREAM INTERLUDE,ideal for nightclubs. FOREVER is a Top 10 love ballad. All the other songs are cool. This album surpassed the sales record of Mariah's 1990 self-titled debut.
0694003611|5.0|This is a well written children's book for the younger kids, wich a simple cadence and a comfortable, calming atmosphere.<br />It took me a few readings to get the tempo down, but eventually I realized that this book is best read with a jazz beat to it: imagine brushes sliding over the drums in a gentle but steady rhythm...<br />\\"In the great green room...\\" dah-dada-dah<BR>\\"There was a telephone...\\" dah-dada-dah
B0000028VT|4.0|MUSIC BOX was released in 1993 following three albums since 1990,the year her self-titled debut was released. EMOTIONS followed in '91,and the live 30-minute MTV UNPLUGGED in '92. Mariah covers WITHOUT YOU originally recorded by the late Harry Nilsson. Air Supply covered the song after Mariah. Aside from WITHOUT YOU,hits include DREAMLOVER,HERO and ANYTIME YOU NEED A FRIEND. Total playing time of this CD is 42 minutes and 1 second. Some CD players read it as 41 minutes and 59 seconds. It's worth listening to,though.
0553573403|5.0|This book is undoubtedly the best I have ever read.<br />It is full of rich detail and description, making the world and characters feel full and alive and above all...real. The characters are as human and vulnerable as I have ever encountered in fantasy literature, and Martin really has you caring about them as if you knew them in real life.<br />Tyrion Lannister is one of the most brilliant characters I have ever read about, and throughout the book you build up a love of Eddard Stark and his family and friends (Like Hodor, a character who makes me laugh every time he speaks).<br />Brilliant, realistic, brutal, emotionally charged and involving. I think even people who don't generally care for fantasy books would love this book.
B000008LOV|5.0|This all-star band,The Traveling Wilburys,consists of Jeff Lynne of the Electric Light Orchestra,Bob Dylan,Tom Petty,the late Roy Orbison and the late George Harrison. Harrison was experiencing the success of his CLOUD NINE album when this album was recorded. The names of the aforementioned artists do not appear anywhere on the album. They went under the names Charlie T. Jr.(Petty),Lefty(Orbison),Lucky(Dylan),Otis(Lynne) and Nelson(Harrison). The aliases' last name is Wilbury. Lynne had worked with Harrison on CLOUD NINE. Now for the songs:Hits include HANDLE WITH CARE(sung by Orbison and Harrison) and END OF THE LINE(sung by all 5). Dylan takes the lead on DIRTY WORLD,CONGRATULATIONS,MARGARITA(bridge sung by Petty) and TWEETER AND THE MONKEY MAN. LAST NIGHT was sung by Petty and Orbison. Orbison took the lead on NOT ALONE ANYMORE. Lynne took the lead on RATTLED and Harrison took the lead on HEADING FOR THE LIGHT. Around when this album was released,Orbison recorded his MYSTERY GIRL album, which would be his last. It was posthumously released in early 1989. Orbison died of a heart attack at age 52 on December 6,1988 shortly after the release of this album. Ex-Beatle Harrison died at age 58 on November 29,2001 of lung cancer. In addition to MYSTERY GIRL,1989 saw the release of Petty's FULL MOON FEVER album and Dylan's OH MERCY album. Lynne released his solo debut album ARMCHAIR THEATRE in 1990. Many people who own a copy of this album also have albums by all 5 artists,including the Electric Light Orchestra and the Beatles. I dedicate this album to the memories of Harrison and Orbison.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|As a loyal fan since 1991(of my favorite rock group), I had been waiting for Train of Thought with great anticipation.  My initial reaction was Wow!  These guys sound pisssssssed off!  This is without a doubt the heaviest thing that they have ever done!  The lyrics are much darker, the cd jacket is all black and white with no band photos, and the cd itself looks like a old copy of Images and Words(very cool!).  <br />Dream Theater makes no apologies for how heavy or technical this album is.  It is as if they are saying that they made their masterpiece with Scenes from a Memory and they got their experimentation out of their system with 6 Degrees.  Train of Thought is pure heavy, balls to the wall musicianship, angry spit at its critics.  &quot;If you can't beat 'em, beat 'em harder&quot;.  <br />This is a very cool, dark album that I like a lot more than 6 Degrees for its heavy consistency.  I have always struggled with which album is my favorite over the years between Images and Words(most influential), Awake(most dynamic), and Scenes(most dramatic).  Now I will have to battle with this album as well.  <br />This album is dominated by John Petrucci's talent.  His rhythm guitar work is the heaviest since Awake and his distortion tone is perfect.  It sounds like he's listening to less Pantera and Tool and more Devin Townsend.  I didn't think John's soloing could ever get any faster, but I was wrong, he has gotten faster!  This cd is pure speed for him.  The speed however, is extremely tasty.  His playing now rivals Rusty Cooley and the late Shawn Lane for the fastest guitar in the world, even though he has always been cooler than them.  I'll admit that I would have liked him to let up every now and again to throw some tasty passion licks in like he did on the Explorers Club album or on Awake and Falling into Infinity, but the speed fits perfect with the heaviness of ToT.  <br />Mike Portnoy plays unbelievable as usual, as does Jordan Rudess and John Myung.  Jordan'skeyboards are used in all the right spots, bc too much keyboards takes me back to the cheesy 80s, not the awesome 80s.  But here he's perfect.  Mike drums like Animal from the muppet babies, and Myung has some tasty low end, especially on the Egyptian influenced sections.<br />James singing has gotten dirtier and that's just what they needed.  I like James and he has a terrific voice, but so does Steve Perry from Journey.  James loves Perry and Freddie Mercury from Queen, and it has always shown.  I have always thought that James was the odd man out in the band bc he was kind of stuck in the 80s.  I always dreamed of Dream Theater having Mike Patton (Faith No More, Mr. Bungle, Tomahawk, etc) as their singer and then the planets would align, but eh, that's just me.  James is very talented though, and he roughs it up on this album, which I like.  He sounds more like he is halfway between Sebastian Bach(who I love) and Dave Mustaine.  <br />And responding to everyone freaking out about the choruses sounding a little nu-metalish, the only thing I have to say is that Dream Theater did it to show everyone that:<BR>A) they have evolved <BR>and<BR>B) they can do it better than anyone else in the game<br />all the while including their trademark odd time signature passages that even Tool couldn't compete with.<br />Everytime DT comes out with a new album, someone complains about something and this album feels like a big middle finger to all those people.  The lyrics to &quot;As I Am&quot; are telling you that if it is over your head, just go about your life and keep your mouth shut.  So if you are a loyal fan, bottom line is you will love this cd.  If you wanted something less in your face, look overseas to any of the English progressive rock groups instead.  &quot;This ain't your daddy's metal&quot;.  These guys are still the best in the business and the greatest live act I have ever seen(five times). <br />I'm out.<br />&quot;You're a bad man, you're a bad man, you're a bad man&quot;.
B0000C6E4D|3.0|I must say that this is the first Sarah McLachlan album that has not impressed me either way.  It's not Jaw-Droppingly expressive and beautiful.  Nor is it painful to listen to.  This album contains slow, somewhat sad or reflective songs set to unimpressive melodies.  After listening to this album most every day since buying it, I find that other than the title track, I cannot really hum any of the other songs, or quote you a lyric that overly impressed me like lyrics from &quot;Fumbling&quot; did for me.<br />What saddens me most is the fact that while listening to the album, the songs become nothing more than Background Music for me, and I find myself not even listening to what Sarah has to sing about.<br />I also find that the one song she initially started writing for her daughter, but ended up writing about her husband (&quot;Push&quot;) sounds overly forced and syrupy with bland sentiments of love and gratitude, sounding not as if this song was born from her love of her daughter or husband, but a song she felt she needed to write simply to put on an album to tell fans how she's doing.  An update on her life.  And because of this song and the unimpressive collection delivered on this album, I begin to wonder, &quot;Has Sarah McLachlan run out of things to sing about?&quot;<br />On a positive note, she has, as always, a most glorious voice.  And the first single (&quot;Fallen&quot;) has grown on me tremendously.  You might want to consider listening to this album before buying it, or even consider buying the CD single of &quot;Fallen&quot;.  This is not a &quot;must-buy&quot; album.
B0000797IO|4.0|Seeing that I work an average corporate job in a rather large company, I've gotten to meet several people who have spent their lives working the same job over and over, year after year.  Seeing the same tired faces day in and day out.  This movie tackles this issue so powerfully that it will have you questioning your routine and why you can't do something to break the monotony.  Justine works a dead end job, has a dead beat husband and is so fed up with her boring lifestyle that when she meets Holden Worther, she is overcome with feelings of a fresh, exciting, and passionate relationship that she cannot resist.  She does not want to be just another \\"Cow chewing its cud until its head rolls\\".  Justine and Holden instantly relate because they're both put upon by society, they hate their lives, and they're looking for an escape.  It's only natural to feel the need for something new, something that breaks the routine and makes life worth living.  Will we go to our graves with \\"unlived lives in our veins\\"?  Watch this movie and find out.
0385504209|3.0|A light, airy, almost forgettable thriller in and of itself (nothing at all remarkable about the writing), the strength of this novel is the attention to details, more often with its locations. This is a fine bathroom novel. The descriptions of Paris and other locations are vivid and well-researched.<br />My frustration with this book is three fold: first, it reads as if Brown memorized the writer's guide &quot;How To Write A Blockbuster.&quot; The use of delaying information to create forced cliffhanger after forced cliffhanger became painful. My thought was &quot;Get on with it!&quot; especially when the basic information a third into the book was the same anyone can find on the inside front cover.<br />He also forces drama by having people do things no smart person in their right mind would do. ***SPOILER*** The ONLY reason Langdon is suspected is because he was supposed to meet with the vicitim. Murder weapon? No. Motive? No.  If he was to write &quot;Langdon killed me&quot; then he would have done so, right? Why a dumb game? I thought Langdon got exactly what he deserved.<br />Second, Brown isn't always true to his own logic. His conclusions are often trivial, and while one set of &quot;truths&quot; (such as the entire foundation of Christianity) with thousands of witnesses is dismissed, other brands of &quot;truth&quot; are supposedly proven by a single quote from dubious sources. Just because someone says its true doesn't make it so (and maybe that's Brown's point).<br />Third, I guess I expected some clever codes and insightful info on cryptology. What I got was a lot of anagrams and literal codes. Something I could get in any issue of The Hardy Boys.<br />Bottom-line, this is a fun book with some interesting trivia and zip-a-long pacing, but don't expect a steak dinner. You'll get a fast-food McThriller, and if that's your appetitie then by all means...
B000031WD9|4.0|The only grudge I have against this film, is why she has to share the same name as me! I cringe everytime Alison Hannigan comes on screen, but thankfully, I'm not THAT much of a geek, and I can't play an instrument to save myself.<br />I love this film! Forget what everyone says - the pie scene, the sex scenes, everything. The best moments of this film are the ones you have to really look for. And those are the scenes when you start identifying with the characters. Obviously I didn't identify with any of the guys (although I went to school with a few of them!), but I definitely identified with the girls. Not sure which one though, but some the scenarios I definitely related to.<br />One of the best scenes in this entire film is surprisingly NOT the pie scene (I cannot stand to watch that), but the scenes with Chris Klein (Oz) & Mena Suvari (Heather). There is a real connection between their characters, especially during their sex scenes at the end.<br />Stifler is the best character in this film, and he's so funny. (Except with the pale ale - cringe!) Seann William Scott really did well from this film, and hasn't been sterotyped too much - unlike Jason Biggs.<br />This is not your typical teen movie. It laid the foundations for other teen movies, but none of them can match up to the cringing, gross out comedy of this.<br />The only reason I marked this film down was the extras. They look good on the cover of the film, but they're really not. So don't get your hopes up.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|A very solid album.  I would rank it third in the Dream Theater Pantheon. For context, the whole list of studio albums in my order of preference: 1. Scenes From A Memory  2. Awake  3. Train of Thought  4. Images &amp; Words  5. Falling Into Infinity  6. Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence  7. When Dream and Day Unite.<br />Musically, this album compares favorably with Dream Theater's best work.  Although the first track is a little bland, it really picks up from there, with every subsequent track a stand-alone work of great art.  Those who like Dream Theater's technical virtuosity, as well as innovative chords and meters in their tunes will dig this album.  As has been stated in other reviews, the music on Train of Thought skews more toward heavy metal than most, if not all, other DT albums.  Fine with me.  DT is a mediocre pop band, but the world's best heavy metal band.  <br />My one complaint on this album is the lyrics, which are filled with cliched phrases and don't ever really strike a note with me.  Not that they're bad -- they're in fact much better than just about anything going in metal today, just not up to the standards of the music or DT's own past.  Notable as I look through the liner notes, it appears that DT's most talented lyricist, John Myung, didn't write any words on this album.  That's too bad.  I wouldn't mind in the slightest if DT chose on future endeavors to commission a lyricist or do a few covers.  I'd adore to hear what these guys could lay down underneath some truly poetic lyrics.<br />I highly recommend this album to DT fans, and fans of traditional and progressive metal, like Iron Maiden, Metallica, Tool, maybe System of a Down.  Fans of Evanescence might dig this too.
B0000DYJM6|5.0|Once again proof that Pearl Jam is incapable of making sub-par music.  Out of their extensive catalogue they pulled out these amazing 30 songs, some completely new, others re-worked.<br />The double CD works effectively on its own as an Album.  The band was careful in blending the songs together to create a feeling similar to that of their first album Ten and their most recent album Riot Act.<br />Every song is solid and demonstrates why Pearl Jam have survived despite dwindling &quot;record sales.&quot;<br />If you like to rock, or chill, get this double disc set!
B0000CDLA7|4.0|Let's face it, Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence was horrible.  But DT really rebounds well on this album.  I could go on and on with pointless dissecting.  But other reviewers have already done that.  I will just say that this is James' best vocal album since Awake.  That makes a world of difference on this album since his past few efforts haven't been the greatest.<br />As far as the music, Think of a Tool, Iron Maiden, and Metallica cake blended at 1000 mph with Dream Theater filling and that's what this album is.<br />A good solid effort.  My only 'complaint' is that I would like to hear some of those beautifully classic lushier parts that DT was so good at 10 years ago.  But I understand that that isn't want they were going for on this album, so I accept it for what it is.
0060987464|5.0|You have to read this book........this is everything MANSON and I am a MANSON fan and this book brings u closer to manson! U REALLY NEED TO READ IT i have read it thousands of times and it never gets old! if u hate manson u should read this and understand him!
B00005JLYW|4.0|McG (Hot Wheels, Fast Lane) directed this sequel to his first film which was well received but the critics and the public. This film has the same flashing cuts, shots and fast action that it is really eye candy for the audiences.<br />The other thing this movie has going for it is the ability to make the absurd fun and believable in the story of the movie. It is funny and sharp and it looks like all three angels are having great fun doing this movie.<br />Cameron Diaz (Shred 1 &amp; 2, Vanilla Sky) , Drew Barrymore (E.T., Everafter, Batman Forever) and Lucy Liu (Chicago, Kill Bill, Alley McBeal) are fantastic, funny, witty, sharp and energetic. They bring color and amazing electricity to the screen. Drew and Cameron look like they have known each other for years. And Drew really shines in this film with an emotional side that saves the lives of her co-workers.<br />Now this movie has agreat villan and played by a talented and fine looking actress named Demi Moore (GI Jane, Hunchbakc of Notre Dame) Demi is funny and amazingly evil. (Not to mention she looks good in a bikini on the beach! Her ex - Bruce Willis (Die Hard 1, 2 &amp; 3) even makes an appearance..although short.<br />Crispen Glover (Back To the Future, Willard)  is cleverly back as well as Mat Lablanc (Lost In Space, Friends) from the first film. They are hysterical. John Cleese (Die Another Day, Harry Potter 1, 2 &amp; 3) and Robert Patrick (Terminator 2, X-Files) are new comers who add to the story and are quite funny.<br />The worst part of the movie was Bernie Mac (Life, Oceans Eleven). Why was he cast as Bosley? Why him? Gross! I know there was a problem with the studio or stars about Bill Murry - But he was a much better Bosley. Just ignore him......and the movie is really good.<br />The DVD extras are amazing. Deleted scenes, costumes, special effects, bloopers and behind the scenes of the stunts and cycles are amazing Just as fun as the movie itself. Watch all of it too! This is a good movie and DVD to have! (11-12-03)VD to have! (11-12-03)
0142000663|5.0|John Steinbeck had a gift for capturing the American spirit...both those who have and those who have not...but when you read his words you have to wonder if those who have really do 'have' anything worth capturing. At the end of 'The Grapes of Wrath' I was expecting to find a happy ending...and then I thought I didn't.......but then after I thought about the ending I thought about the lengths that some people will go to to help their fellow Americans and that all bad things that happen to us happen for some divine purpose...<br />This is a true novel about surviving...and yet not putting yourself first. About surviving through helping others. This is a novel because not too many people look to the good even in the bad....<br />well I can't say no more so just read it....
B00005JKC3|2.0|Directed by Ang Lee (Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Sense &amp; Sensibility) this movie lacks the most important this a movie needs - a story. Having grew up with the Stan Lee (Spider-man, X-Men) comics and the original Bill Bixby series I knew the story of Dr. Bruce Banner.<br />They made a different twist of the origins on this one and to tell you the truth it didn't make a lot of sense. Genetically adapting the \\"anger\\" in all of us as a defect and enhancing it with a drug was not very believable for me. Dr. Bruce banner was motivated by the death of his wife - not the liquid in a needle passed from a father.<br />They missed the heart of his exile..anyway the other factor that disappointed me was the character of The Hulk was ENTIRELY CG. (Computer Generated. Yikes! Was Ang trying to be real or a Looney Toon. I love the Looney Toons, but this wasn't that kind of film. It was supposed to be a drama.<br />The humor in is a little dry as well. I do credit Eric Bana (Chopper, Black Hawk Down) for trying to make the character work and to be honest the most interesting character was the most Looney of all - the father - played by Nick Nolte (Mulholland Falls, I Love Trouble) - he was having fun. Even the love interest played by Jennifer Connelly (A Beautiful Mind, Pollock) was that interesting. I wouldn't risk a civil war over her character. Sam Elliot (We Were Soldiers, The Final Cut) as her father was more interesting and more motivated to be in the story than she was.<br />Okay - I was disappointed. I could have lived with the cartoon Hulk - who didn't look that great - if the story was more interesting and it stuck to the original premise. Sorry, but - there shouldn't be a sequel to this. (11-12-03)
B0000508U6|1.0|The songs are good, the music well done and the lyrics are cool. BUT....this guy has to be the absolute worst singer I have EVER heard! I really tried to listen to all the songs, and tried to like it. I just couldn't get past his completely tone-deaf voice. He reminds me of a bad karaoke singer. Do yourself a favor and avoid this bad attempt at singing if you can, and wait for them to hire someone that can hit a note.
B00005JM0B|2.0|Okay...bad choice for directors, this guy Jonathan Mostow (Beverly Hills Bodysnatchers, U-571) is not he kind of director for this kind of films. The film looked very broad and wide...but it had very little in it.<br />First off, my favorite is Terminator 2 - wonderful story and direction by James Cameron (Titanic, The Abyss). The Terminator is also very very good as well. And for its time, budget and limited technically resources for its time in the 80's - it's a very well put together film, story and performances.<br />Terminator 3 - lacks an interesting story and is not character based. Just one action and destruction sequence after another and another and another. The premise carries the story to its ultimate ending of the Macines getting their way in the future. An infinite loop of Terminators. Big Deal.h<br />Arnold Schwarzenegger (Gov of California, True Lies, Twins, Pumping Iron) tried to make good of his image but I am sure was drawn to the project for the money. The script he must have seen was week and the fact that James Cameron was not involved should have said to the producers...why?<br />The twist in this one is a metal morphing dripping changing female villain played by Kristanna Loken (Academy Boys, Panic) who is not that clever or interesting. Claire Daines (The Hours, Romeo &amp; Juliet) makes an honest effort to do something with her role...but everything is so uninteresting - she tries. Even the recasting of John Conner by Nick Stahl (Bully, Thin Red Line) should have been a clue.<br />The film lacks story, James Cameron, Linda Hamilton, Edward Furlong and isn't the same....sorry, but it really is not that interesting and they now have killed the franchise all togtehr. But the new Govenor will be busy with other things now. Good luck Govenor Schwarzenegger! (11-12-03)
B000067IZ3|5.0|If your like me and fed up with comedies and other movies that take the focus off of real world problems, you will love this movie.  A five star cast takes you on a multi faceted tour of the high risk world of the illegal drug trade from four different interrelated stand points.  Although you might think that combining multiple stories leads to loss of attention and confusion, you wrong. In this movie it tends to make each story a little more personal and the conclusion all the more better.
B000083C49|5.0|STAR TREK IV: THE VOYAGE HOME (Special Edition) is a great edition to the Star Trek collection and for those who enjoy extras and features the second DVD has a lot to offer. There are retrospectives, behind the scenes, histories, graphics, illustrations, deleted scenes and features that include the original cast, crew and some insights from NASA and other scientists.<br />The DVD extra's are fantastic and filled insight, education and perspectives. Even Eugene Roddenberry, Star Trek's Creator Gene Roddenberrys (Earth II, The Questor Tapes) son makes some interesting commentary on his father.<br />The movie was the second direction by Leonard Nimoy (Three Men and A Baby, The Good Mother) and written by Harve Bennet, Leonard Nimoy and Nicholas Meyer (The same team responsible for Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and Star Trek III: The Search For Spock) and has been the critics, general publics and Star Trek fans favorite of all the Star Trek movies. (That includes The Next Generation features too!)<br />The story is simple - all the good ones are - mankind is in trouble and our crew of the Starship Enterprise are the only ones who can save humanity. How? They need to go bring two humpback whales back in to the 23rd century. Why? There is an alien space probe that is communicating to the Earth's oceans on a level of intensity that is destroying Earth.<br />The fun begins when you take 23rd Century philosophies and through them into the 1986 San Francisco mentality. Seeing this crew in the middle of San Fran trying find their way around, spend money and ride the busses is hysterical.<br />The best performances come from Captain Kirk himself - William Shatner (Miss Congeniality, Loaded Weapon 1) and a Zoologist played by Catherine Hicks (7th Heaven, Child's Play.) When they interact with each other. They are charming, funny, witty and energetic. Leonard Nimoy (Golda, Invasion Of The Body Snatchers) himself does a stunning and hysterical job as Spock who just got his &quot;mind&quot; back. He has some of the funniest lines in the whole movie. The whole original cast seems to be having the best time throughout this movie.<br />It has action, adventure, a great story, special effects and the best humor a movie could possibly want. The DVD extra's are by far the most educational of all the DVD's of Star Trek series. The funniest is listening to the commentary of Shatner and Nimoy as the film runs. Fun for the whole family and a must for any one who likes these types of movies; Science Fiction, Comedy, Adventure! 5-20-03 &amp; 11-14-04;mind&quot; back. He has some of the funniest lines in the whole movie. The whole original cast seems to be having the best time throughout this movie.<br />It has action, adventure, a great story, special effects and the best humor a movie could possibly want. The DVD extra's are by far the most educational of all the DVD's of Star Trek series. The funniest is listening to the commentary of Shatner and Nimoy as the film runs. Fun for the whole family and a must for any one who likes these types of movies; Science Fiction, Comedy, Adventure! 5-20-03 &amp; 11-14-04
078401213X|3.0|I had heard so many good things about this movie, yet I found it overrated.  It wasn't a complete waste of time, but it was somewhat &quot;typical&quot;.  I have only seen this style previously in books and just a couple B rated movies, they took a few topics that are of interest to esoteric geeks like myself and mangled them together with a bizare style of filming that gets aggrevating very quickly.  Alot of people like to disect its meanings in their own way a focus on some deeply intellectual point, but who really cares.  This movie didn't hold the meaning of life or fill me with some new found knowledge, and when it was over I wasn't that excited.  <br />If you like number patterns buy a book by Wolfram, and if you are interested in religion read the Bible.
B00005JLIU|4.0|This is one of Julie's cutest movies, and it's also very funny. Oh! I looooovvvvve John Gavin as Trevor Graydon, he's so positively dreamy. The movie is interesting throughout, and has a handful of delightful songs including &quot;Baby Face&quot;, &quot;Trinkt Le Chaim&quot;, &quot;The Tapioca&quot; and more. The only reason I gave the DVD 4 stars instead of 5 is because I think that it is just an attempt by Universal to cash in on the Broadway hit, although there is nothing wrong with that. Yet as a Julie fan, I feel that Universal did not put any effort into putting extras on the DVD--- and they were available! (There is behind-the-scenes footage on the Hollywood Musicals of the 1960s DVD). Oh well, I guess they didn't go searching, searching, searching.
B00008EY9G|1.0|Man, this movie sucked...It is only good if you stop the movie after the part where they think it is some ghost from the Indian barial ground that is killing them off one by one.<br />If you watch any of the movie after that point (which is a about an hour into the movie) you will be very disappointed, IT JUST GETS STUPID.<br />Please take my advice, I scratched the last 45 minutes of the movie off my DVD, I suggest you do the same.
0156027321|3.0|The book begins slowly but sets the stage for an intense story of survival at sea. Perhaps not to be taken literally, this story of survival against all odds is well written paralleling  a world of humanity at its worst. It demonstrates the  value of a message in myth. I won't forget this tale anytime soon.
B00004XOWM|1.0|The prospect of this cd? Being able to hear them say f*ck 50 times over. With that said, why bother getting this waste of money? Either you're totally brain dead and enjoy someone cussing in a nadless, whiney tone, or you were just suckered into buying this piece of garbage.<br />Freddy stole lyrics from two Nine Inch Nails's songs and mutilated them to such a gross amount that he could manipulate them into one of his songs. Now that's talentless and pathetic. If you're going to suck, at least use your own material. Please?<br />So many bands have spoken out about how much Limp Bizkit sucks; the bands with talent. That didn't stop Fred, even after he lost Wes ( sort of a bad sign when you lose your lead guitarist : D ), he kept on pushing the same painful-to-the-ear trash. And yet, people still consumed it like rats. Very, very sad.
B00007BHOE|5.0|Compared to the other live DVD's that are on the market today, this DVD blows them all away.  The sound is perfect (comparing the Live Dosage dvd to Slipknot for a second)  When Corey sings/screams, there is no bleed from the stage sound, as there is on Live Dosage, so the sound is as if you're hearing it from the recording studio.  I love this sound.  There is no phase problems from the vocal mic picking up guitar or drum sounds, I commend who ever the sound engineer was.  This DVD is the great for anyone who enjoys Dolby 5.1 surround sound.
B00005MAM2|1.0|Normally I will not write reviews for items on amazon, in fact this is my first review, but I find it completely neccessary.  This dvd is not what you think it is.  It says special edition, and as far as I can tell this is the same &quot;special&quot; as in special people.  To start with, they draw you in with the selling point that they have translations for all the graphitti on the walls.  They do, however the format they deliver it in is horrendous.  They call it capsule mode, and it is basically a slideshow gallery of every cell that has japanese figures on it with the english translation.  You cannot watch the movie with the translations integrated, you have to watch the slideshow.  On top of that they completely ruined all of the dialogue in the entire movie.  They &quot;re-translated&quot; every line to make it more understandable to us americans.  This was a horrible failure.  The lines make the bike gang sound like stupid frat house guys, and generally just take away from the beauty of the film.  Aside from the translation, the voice over actors are completely unsuited to the animation.  All of the characters sound like rich white kids, and almost as an insult they make the corporal have a black mans voice. Like we wouldn't notice that he is not black!  So just save yourself the $40 bucks, and don't buy this dvd.  If you want an Akira dvd buy an older one which will save you $20 bucks or so, and save the artistic integrity of the film.
0553274503|5.0|So a good friend of mine told me about this book called Flowers For Algernon.  I had never heard of it, but he said it was really good and recommended it to me.  I asked a few other friends, and naturally, they had already read it in like seventh grade.  I'm thinking, what the [heck], why haven't I read this book.  So I picked it up from my college library, and good God, this book is amazing.  The story is narrated by the main character, Charlie, a mentally retarded adult who is part of an experiment that involves surgery on the brain that makes him extremely intelligent.  The book is written in the form of Charlie's \\"progress reports,\\" and is a very original and emotional story.  The story starts out with Charlie as he is before the operation, and he explains the procedure by telling the effects it has on a lab mouse that he likes, named Algernon.  As the reader gets further into the novel, Charlie's narration gets much more intelligent, and rather than looking and reading like something written by a little kid, it reads and looks like a novel.  From then on, the story takes the reader through an emotional journey with Charlie as he learns about his life, his family, love, and who he really is.  Author Daniel Keyes creates the most original story and the most wonderful character in literature with Flowers For Algernon, and I highly recommend that you get this book.
0385504209|5.0|The Da Vinci Code is a well-crafted high-suspense story, loaded almost to overflowing with history, architecture, theology, art and literary commentary, all centered around one intriguing question.  Is it possible that Jesus was actually married to the woman known as Mary Magdalene, and to what lengths would anyone go to keep the world from believing this? You'll get your money's worth from this novel's 454 pages.  Be prepared for a lot of information to absorb, but also for a fast-paced story, lots of action, high-suspense, frequent viewpoint shifts, more flashbacks than you can count, multiple cliff-hangers, and tons of riddles and rhymes to ponder.<br />ABC devoted an entire hour recently to examining the veracity of the Jesus/Mary Magdalene theory.  As if this weren't enough to wonder about, there is also the belief, held by some, that Mary Magdalene fled to France following Christ's crucifixion and gave birth to a daughter whose descendents are supposedly part of a bloodline that includes Jesus Christ and King David.  You may not buy any of this, but the fact that the Priory of Sion is a real society with such illustrious members as Da Vinci, Hugo, and Isaac Newton, is something to think about.<br />I had no idea that the Mary Magdalene story was so pervasive, and has been told allegorically in such classics as Sleeping Beauty, Wagner's Parsifal, and Hugo's The Hunchback of Notre Dame.  Even Disney's The Little Mermaid allegedly reflects what Dan Brown's symbologist Robert Langdon calls \\"the sacred feminine.\\"<br />The Da Vinci Code is not for the easily offended.  I disagree that Dan Brown had any ulterior motives for writing this story, other than to bring to readers' attention the fact that there are many unanswered questions about the life of Jesus Christ - questions that even the staunchest believers will not find answers to in this life.  The author had no vendetta against the Catholic Church, no wish to embarrass anyone, no wish to destroy anyone's cherished beliefs.  As the daughter of a minister myself, having grown up quite familiar with biblical stories as they are conventionally told, I very much enjoyed the results of Dan Brown's in-depth research.  I have long believed that one must be able to read between the lines of the Bible to understand what is and is not there.  The four Gospels do not tell the complete story of Jesus' life, not by a long shot.<br />I have read several reviews claiming that the information Dan Brown presents is flawed, biased, or simply false.  I respect the opinions of others who were not pleased with The Da Vinci Code, but I strongly resist hearing criticism that does not explain itself.  If what Dan Brown has presented is erroneous or untrue, please tell us why.  Be specific.<br />The best fiction has always been whatever makes us think - about ourselves, about others, and about the incredible universe we find ourselves inhabiting.  To quote one of my favorite Shakespeare lines, \\"There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.\\"liefs.  As the daughter of a minister myself, having grown up quite familiar with biblical stories as they are conventionally told, I very much enjoyed the results of Dan Brown's in-depth research.  I have long believed that one must be able to read between the lines of the Bible to understand what is and is not there.  The four Gospels do not tell the complete story of Jesus' life, not by a long shot.<BR>I have read several reviews claiming that the information Dan Brown presents is flawed, biased, or simply false.  I respect the opinions of others who were not pleased with The Da Vinci Code, but I strongly resist hearing criticism that does not explain itself.  If what Dan Brown has presented is erroneous or untrue, please tell us why.  Be specific.<BR>The best fiction has always been whatever makes us think - about ourselves, about others, and about the incredible universe we find ourselves inhabiting.  To quote one of my favorite Shakespeare lines, \\"There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.\\"
B00005JM0B|4.0|It is a good story, but not as good as the &quot;terminator2&quot;. I like this series very much, I bought the DVD of I and II, and now, III. but 2 is the best.
0688163173|4.0|This book is a major departure from Lehane's Mystic River, which was so studded with metaphorical allusions that it became not a mystery, but instead a literary novel.  I enjoyed the prose, but at times the excessive description almost got in the way of the story.<br />I liked both Shutter Island and Mystic River, but a general mystery reader will probably prefer this one. It is a straightforward tale of investigation by the protagonist, with internal conflict and flashbacks thrown in.  The story builds well, although predictably, with the stakes increasing constantly.<br />I was expecting more of a shocking climax at the end, but I don't see what the big deal some readers are making about the ending.  I thought it was obvious what happened.  I also think that it completed the book well and wasn't a &quot;disaster&quot; at all.<br />It depends on what you are looking for, but to me this was an engaging and satisfying mystery read.  It's nice to see an author with a large enough reach to write in different styles and be successful at all of them.
B000089CJI|5.0|To see reviews online relieves me some because nobody I know, with one or two exceptions, know Postal Service.  This record is non-stop fun.  Such Great Heights and Clark Gable are both fantastic.  The beats grab hold and you have to sing along.  Ben Gibbard is the best.  Altho I love his DCFC work, it's nice to hear him let go and be upbeat with this record.  One note, I heard on Radio@Netscape on the Indie station, an acoustic version of We Will Become Silouhettes...it was so nice.  I wish there was a version of the album with similar sounds.  And it's only $9.99 at Tower!  What a steal.  I was so happy to see it in the top 10 of best cds for 2003.  =)
B0000639IJ|4.0|I saw the movie because I love Muhammad Ali. I used to clip the articles about his fights out of the Washington Post when I was a little girl 9 and 10 years old. I even used to watch his cartoon show. So I'm not going to pretend to be Leonard Maltin and talk about film techniques and angles and crap like that which I don't care about anyway. I'm going to try to describe what I liked about it.<br />To consider who would like this movie besides me, I would say that fans would have enjoyed seeing Muhammad Ali on the big screen. I, of course, remember him from the little screen, and if I had bought this VHS version instead of seeing it on the big screen, frankly I don't think I would have felt the power in all his punches like I did in the movie theatre. It was awesome, as I were the one being hit (not that I'd enjoy that)! Apartment dwellers like me who can't have high volume surround sound would truly miss out.<br />I liked the story. I remember seeing the story of Emmitt Till in the Jet magazine, too, and how repulsed I was as a young child. I can understand the anger he must have felt.<br />Then I wonder if white audiences will even get this movie. There's plenty that will be over their heads just from a cultural aspect. Are they going to understand why Ali was so moved to go to Africa, where they don't even have TV, and see his image drawn on the sides of houses and walls?<br />I really enjoyed the performances of the actors. I think someone besides Jada Smith should have been his first wife, but I guess if your husband's going to do a love scene, may as well keep him close. The make-up artist for the movie should have gotten a nomination for making Angelina Jolie's father, Jon Voight, look as if he had undergone major plastic surgery; it was truly amazing.<br />If the movie didn't play in your part of the world, I believe it's worth getting, although a better one which I'll recommend, is When We Were Kings. The DVDs to both would be better still if you can justify it, just because of the extra material that's likely to be on them.it, just because of the extra material that's likely to be on them.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Train of Thought is by far the heaviest / darkest DT album to date. DT seem to go from one direction to another with masterful articulation. They had the story-line concept album (Metropolis pt.2, and disc 2 of 6DOIT) Those were great pieces of music. They had Dream &amp; Day Unite, and Images &amp; Words which brought them to the front line of prog metal. Awake was heavier with heavy keyboard work involved.<BR>Train of Thought comes out, and just blows walls down. This is VERY HEAVY, but the chops displayed throughout are of what we have come to expect with Dream Theater... Nothing but the best. Disc 1 of 6DOIT was heavy, and had more effects (flanges, actual news clips) and just seemed to be &quot;brighter&quot;. Train of Thought comes to grips with alchaholism (which Mike P. kicked.. Good for him) and the faltering catholic church. But it is brought out in a strong, heavy message. At first it sounds as though there aren't many keyboards (no piano pieces or humorous licks offered here) being used in this album. But listen again, and you will here a non-stop full assault from each band member, just throwing bombs out there at one another.<BR>This is a must have disc.
B0000CDLA7|2.0|I am a long time DT fan (bought I&amp;W when it was released) and have always been a huge supporter of their music but this is the first album to actually disappoint me.  I do not mind heavy music, technically mastery, or angry lyrics but the all out assault of fast single line riffing and soloing on this album is too much and I am bored with it.  Leave it for a side projet!  We all know the JP can play fast, but what happened to the melodic and interesting solos he used to write?  And why must Portnoy fill every void with some ridiculous drum fill.  No longer is DT's music filled with interesting, innovative passeges that transition so well but rather it is a disjointed collection of fast paced riffing that stumbles thru jerky transitions.  If the idea was to record a classic metal album, I think they missed the boat.  Classic metal albums have riffs and solos you can remember...this album has nothing memorable.  DT should of looked to their own past for inspiration.  Awake is more of a classic metal album in my mind.  Every DT fan can remember the intro to &quot;The Mirror&quot; or the main riff of &quot;Lie&quot; or the beautiful arrangent of &quot;Voices&quot; or the classical inspired ripping solo in &quot;Erotomania.&quot;  In this latest release there is nothing to remember other than an all out assault of self-indulgent wankery. A+ for technical ability but F for songwriting cohesiveness.
B00005JMFR|3.0|I love the Matrix and I could not wait for this movie to come out, especially after the disappointing ending to the last Matric movie, and I get tot eh theater and I sit down expecting a great movie, and what do I get, a good movie but a huge let down from the first two. It was so much like the first it was a little boring. I enjoyed it, only because I liked the series, and it had some great effects and I will get it when it comes to DVD...ONLY to comkplete the trilogy....
B0000CDLA7|2.0|Besides the fact that this album is a lot heavier than the usual DT effort, it was nearly what i expected. Though Train of Thought does take a few listens to appreciate, there just isn't much (in my own mind), to appreciate.  With 5 of the 7 songs being at least 10 minutes long, i found the album hard to listen to without wishing it'd hurry up and get somewhere (or end).  By the time a song reaches it's ending sound, that's all you can really remember of the song (hope that makes sense).  I just feel that there's a little too much played in each song, though there's equally as many lyrics, so it makes sense they'd be long efforts.  Plus, there's a couple parts of songs where the lyrics have effects on them, and I've never been a fan of these techniques (specially when you have a great singer like Labrie). Still intact, is the bands performances, DT is still at the top of their game as far as their playing skills. <BR>     I personally like the fact that there's not as much keyboards on this album.  Don't get me wrong, there's still some great keyboard parts, they're just not as overbearing as in the past. The parts sound a little more planned and are perfectly placed for this reviewer. Honestly, i think since Rudess took over on keys, DT releases just aren't as friendly to the ear. Metropolis 2 wasn't quite as bad, still parts of it made me wish &quot;less keyboards please&quot;. However, TOT's keyboard parts are perfect.<BR>    Now as far as the Petrucci and Portnoy parts go, i was highly dissappointed. This is not to say they're not playin' tremendous, they're just over playing in my opinion. Being a drummer (hobby only), i really wish Portnoy didn't have to empty his toolbox on nearly every song. This makes the album hard to listen to for me. And in agreement with another review, Petrucci shreads to death on this album, it's just a little much for my tastes. This overplaying as i like to call it, seems to smother Myung's bass playing, and there's no parts of hisat all that stick out in my mind (like they would in previous releases). You really have to focus to even hear he's there on some songs (except &quot;Vaccant&quot;, that contains NO guitar or drums at all, which is refreshing).<BR>    This review is not meant to discourage any fans of DT's music, the review is merely opinion. And being a fan of the band, I was countin' down days for the release of this album (as usual).    <BR>    Overall, fans will hear tastes of older albums, but probably not as much as they hope. There's songs on this CD that you could actually hear on the radio, were it not for the song lengths and overplaying. If you've been hopin' DT would play a little heavier, buy this album (there's plenty of headbanging moments). Though, if you're like me and still drive listening to Falling Into Infinity and earlier efforts you could sing with, burn it from a friend.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|It has been about two years since the critically acclaimed Six Degrees of Inner Turbulance hit shelves. Yet, many were disappointed with the sound (although I enjoyed the excesive synth), and yet again, a change of sound with the famous Prog-Rock band Dream Theater has occured with their newest studio album, Train of Thought. The band has seemed to have taken a darker tone throughout this album,  as well as more obscene language.<br />I (along with plenty of other fans) was rather taken aback when James dropped the F-Bomb in the opening song As I Am. This language is actually pretty fluent throughout the rest of the album, but not to the point of excesiveness. <br />Some have tried to explain the new sound of Dream Theater  (which fits, frankly) as Metallica-ish, or Tool-ish, but it's just, in all truths, a new sound, that's all. Dream Theater is in the process of toying with sounds (notice that SFAM and 6DOIT were VERY different from the earlier albums) and it may need some getting used to.<br />But, unlike their earlier albums, this cd is NOT a concept album. The songs are not really linked, per say, to each other (except for the connection of This Dying Soul to The Glass Prison and The Mirror). All songs are an independant story; Honor Thy Father is directed towrads Mike Portnoy's Step-Father, who is apparently the rotted root of the family tree, and In The Name of God is directed towards the fact that organized religion no longer seems to help the world as much as hurt it. The CD seems to sum up the untold feelings of all the band members.<br />So, to finish up, this album is wonderful. It's the ideal compilation for any aspiring Progger, and it talks to nearly every genre. I will anxiously await the arrival of the next Dream Theater album with high hopes, and a full Stream of Consciousness.
B000084T18|1.0|50 Cent has gained an extreme amount of media attention and album promotion since he signed with Shady/Aftermath records. However, the quality of this album does not match the overwhelming amount of attention he has been recieving. The entire album is filled with mediocre lyrics and a poor attempt at catchy melodies/hooks. Songs such as &quot;In Da Club&quot; and &quot;P.I.M.P,&quot; have pretty good production but really fail at catching my attention lyrically. Other songs like, &quot;Many Men,&quot; are mediocre hardcore rap style tracks, where 50 constantly makes gun and violent references. Also,it is quite a turn off when you hear 50 Cent constantly mention the fact that he has been shot nine times. It's as if 50 is selling his image(which is in question right now, after many hip hop magazines have exposed his true background) instead of focusing on producing good quality rap music. The bottom line is that this album lacks substance. While it has some good production, it lacks strong lyrical content. 50 cent is pretty much an average rapper with very little creativity and absolutely no versatility. Another dissapointment is the fact that he spends too much time taking shots at Ja Rule. I understand that they are currently enemies, but 50 seems to do the exact same things that he is criticizing Ja Rule for doing. I am no Ja Rule fan, but I think that 50 should lay off this pointless battle. Basically, 50 Cent has a strong support group from Dr. Dre and Eminem, but he fails to match their success at putting out a good quality album. This album is a perfect example of how a large majority of mainstream rap has become unoriginal and monotonous. If you have been a long time hip hop/rap fan, such as myself, then you will not enjoy this album. However, if your new to rap/hip hop,you might come to enjoy this album(in some strange way). Either way I really don't recommend this album.(Note: It's a shame Interscope chose to ignore creative and original rappers such as Jurrasic 5 and Planet Asia, who are on their label, just to promote this dissapointing album.)
B0000E1ALR|2.0|What is essential about Essential is that it sends a message to the Bruce camp that we are willing to bend over and take one for the boss. Did he even bother to read the booklet that contains multiple errors? Or how about listening to the CD's before they hit production? Anyone can hear the glitch in the tape at the 40-second mark of Sandy. Wasn't this re-mastered? Perhaps grossing 3 million bucks a night during the Rising tour makes him care less about the product and more about commerce. Another problem here is when listening to his music chronologically you can't help but notice the material gets progressively worse. Disc 1 is easily his finest work being showcased, while disc 2 is a less coherent less focused body of work. The problem with disc 3 is that it clocks in at 48 minutes. Does he expect us to believe that after playing over 100 Rising shows that he couldn't fill out disc 3 to its full capacity of 80 minutes? Wasn't disc 3 the tease for the hardcore fans to re-purchase the same old songs for the 40th time? Sorry if this offends the masses who love this guy but face reality and understand that this working class hero and champion of socialism is, at the end of the day, a capitalist at heart and is loving every minute of you being blinded by the light. The more glare in your eyes the more cash for camp Bruce.
B0000DZ3IG|3.0|WOW!!!!!!!!!! SHE'S GOT SOME PIPES!!!!!!!!!!!<BR>I WASN'T THAT IMPRESSED WITH THE REST OF THE ALBUM ALTHOUGH THERE WERE A COUPLE MORE GOOD SONGS.
B0000DJZA0|1.0|bob dole knows crap when bob dole sees it.
B00005JKJA|1.0|THIS MOVIE ONLY MAKES SENSE IF YOU ARE SMOKING REEFER!
B00000HYXB|4.0|Just to set the record straight, The lead singer (Hansi) isn't backed up by 4 people, or a little girl, or a bunch of different people to mask his singing. He does the lead singing AND the back up vocals. He does several takes at different pitches and plays them all at the same time. Makes for a good effect. Though to add power maybe he shouldn't ALWAYS use this method.I love Iced Earth, so I picked up a copy of Demons (Iced Earth) &amp; Wizards (Blind Guardian). That got me interested in Blind Guardian. This is the first cd of theirs that I've gotten and Demons and Wizards made me expect...well vocals that weren't drowned out by the music. That must be an aspect that Jon Must have brought to the 60% Iced Earth 40% Blind Guardian mix. All in all, after adjusting the temble or using headphone, A really good cd.
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence rock! They blend guitars with piano, string instruments and even sometimes choirs. &quot;Fallen&quot; is by far the best CD of 2003. Here's how I rate the songs:<BR>1) Going Under- Great song! Love the chorus... 5/5<BR>2) Bring Me to Life- Everyone knows this song, awesome guest vocals from Paul McCoy... 5/5<BR>3) Everybody's Fool- Very catchy chorus, this one really gets stuck in my head!... 5/5<BR>4) My Immortal- Very slow, but has a lot of meaning. When Amy sings the chorus I get chills... 5/5<br />5) Haunted- Chilling hard-rock song, nice chorus... 4/5<BR>6) Tourniquent- The first 'real' Christian song on the albem. Again, I love the chorus...5/5<BR>7) Imaginary- Not my favorite song, but good... 4/5<BR>8) Taking Over Me- Starts off slow, but soon it starts getting heavier and speeds up.. 4/5<BR>9) Hello- This, like My Immortal, is done without the rest of the band, but very nice... 4/5<BR>10) My Last Breath- Awesome song! Possibly my favorite song on 'Fallen'.I can't get it out of my head... 5/5<br />11) Whisper- One of the heaviest songs on the CD. It also has a really deep meaning... 4.5/5
B00000K31Q|4.0|I'm not going to tell you the synopsis of this movie, nor i will ramble endlessly about all my thoughts when i saw it, ll just limit myself to an introduction of what i like to call my very own pensive, gift from albus dumbledore himself<BR>i have to say i loved this movie, yet it is a teen movie, yes it is an adaptation of shakespeare taming of the shrew (and i dont really like shakespeare), but it was funny, witty, romantic, and sarcastic, my life in a nutshell!<BR>If you needed to find the quintissential romantic-comedy teen flic, besides preety in pink, it would be this (not clueless)it's got everything a young girl want, and the songs, would bring a small to your face (im not saing it's good or bad), it just will
B0000E1ALR|2.0|Okay, I'll admit it. I've been a Bruce Springsteen fan since I was a baby. Every song on this collection is awesome. Having said that, why did it need to be released? The Boss already revived his career with last year's The Rising. Young listeners should find a perfectly suitable introduction to his music with 1995's Greatest Hits. So what was the purpose of this release? It seems as though Sony merely wanted to add to their collection of &quot;The Essential Insert-Artist-Name-Here&quot; CDs, in which they try to cram decades of brilliant music on to 2 or 3 CDs, resulting in poor or inadequate representations of amazing careers. If the Boss wanted to release a bunch of bonus tracks, why not just release those on one CD? Or as far as the re-mastered hits go, why doesn't Sony do it right and re-release his entire catalog on Hybrid-SACD, like they did with Bob Dylan in September? I will concede, the selection here does, for the most part, improve on Greatest Hits. Finally, there is a Bruce compilation with Jungleland on it. Still missing, however, is Tenth Avenue Freeze Out, along with a couple of tracks from Born in the U.S.A, not mention several others. It is this reason why career-spanning compliations generally don't work. Fans are inevitably disappointed in the selection. And in Springsteen's case, he's had too many brilliant songs to try to cram all the good ones on to 2 CDs. I'd much rather stick with all the original albums then listen to some pointless, ill-conceived compliation whose only real purpose is to make money for a huge corporation like Sony.
B0000029GA|5.0|what can i say? in a time where hip hop was being established as an art,here's come the savior of the new york hip hop scene,nas (nasty nas not godson. that would be later on in his career).this cd made me a fan of hip hop.every track was sheer excellent.this album is a true testament what hip hop is missing today:real lyrics.this album is better than every album that's out today because it reflected where hip hop was in 1994 and needs to be.hip hop is being poisoned by corporate executives and the media.they're using it to sell soda,food,and other things we don't need.anyone who reads this, listen to this album not to dance or hear about fake escapades by these phonies cuz this album is not that.it's a reminder what hip hop used to be about and where it needs to go back to.buy this cd.you'll never regret it
B00005JMFO|5.0|LOVE, actually, is exactly what makes this noisy, crazy, absurd, hostile world function and once again Director Richard Curtis proves that good writing, good casting, and fast-paced direction can, in his hands, produce another treasurable gem of a film.<br />It is all in the title - beginning and ending a film capturing the myriad people arriving and leaving at a busy gate  at Heathrow Airport in London, freeze-framing some of those precious fleeting moments into  extended and interrelated stories, and in doing so Curtis has created a film that is more than what the doctor ordered for a seasonal ( no, year-round) dollop of medicine to cure almost everyone's current disillusionment.<br />There are many stories about relationships: ones that are worn thin (the tenderness of Emma Thompson facing Alan Rickman's marital wanderings); ones that develop (Colin Firth at his very finest as a stuffy writer who loses his heart to a Portuguese speaking maid - Lucia Moniz), Keira Knightly/Andrew Lincoln, Chiwetal Ejofor in a puzzling and surprising extended love situation, Laura Linney shyly in love with the always superb Rodrigo Santoro but quietly and sincerely sacrificing that possibility in favor of caring for her mentally ill brother; and relationships that are created out of needs beyond the status quo (Hugh Grant as his usual British self and Prime Minister at that, in love with his new secretary0, Liam Neeson as a warm widowed father who helps his winsome son pledge his love for an 'impossible reach' American girl, and the ever creative Bill Nighy zanily discovering his love for his chubby male manager).  There are other people we encounter such as Rowan Atkinson, again hilarious in his most understated role, Billy Bob Thornton as the US President who evokes a hefty bit of British response to the current USA International presence, and so many more.  These varied sorts are all brought together as Christmas approaches and in the end we see them literally fade into the melange of the facelessness of Heathrow airport - making the cirle come round.<br />Yes, there is a bit of raw humor and there may be those who take it out of context and consider it crude.  But I think it is to Richard Curtis' credit that he makes such diversions simply part of the quilt that connects us all.  This film is exploding with tenderness, warmth, laughter, and US, ACTUALLY.  Recommended in repeated doses!ange of the facelessness of Heathrow airport - making the cirle come round.<br />Yes, there is a bit of raw humor and there may be those who take it out of context and consider it crude.  But I think it is to Richard Curtis' credit that he makes such diversions simply part of the quilt that connects us all.  This film is exploding with tenderness, warmth, laughter, and US, ACTUALLY.  Recommended in repeated doses!
0385504209|5.0|Dan Brown walks you through the first few page's, then you hit the ground running! A wounderful read. There is also a compagnion online to this book at ([...]) that will bring the text to life with some pictures and research information. I found it after getting about a third way through the book (its worth the .99 cents)<br />This is a hard book to put down, Brown will keep your interest with every turn of the page
B00005JM02|5.0|This film is truly amazing in the animation arena.  In addition, the character voices are outstanding.  Albert Brooks is great as the overbearing, neurotic father clown fish, Marlin.  Ellen Degeneres is wonderful as Dory a friend who helps him find his lost son Nemo.  The beginning of the film concerns me a little (for children) with the tragic scene of Marlin's &quot;wife&quot; Coral and their offspring eggs being devoured by a predator.  Nemo was the only egg left behind.  This causes Marlin to be overly protective of his only son.  However, like all kids Nemo wants to spread his wings or in his case fins.  He dares to go out into the open sea in which he gets caught by a scuba diving dentist who takes him back to Sydney with him.  Along the journey to finding Nemo, friendships are formed, trust is developed, and courage becomes everyone's middle name.
B00004XQ83|5.0|First off, I loved the movie, very Homer-esque. The music is awesome, but if youre looking for this years top 40, you wont find it here. The music here is pure history, true feelings.This is where we were &amp; how we got to today. &quot;Down to the River&quot; is one of my favorites, and &quot;In the Jailhouse Now&quot; which my dad remembers from a long time ago ! I find it to be great drivin in the country sing along music.If you love Emmy Lou Harris, Allison Krauss &amp; Union Station buy this !
B000063UR2|5.0|Let me start off by saying what a great movie this is.  I was so excited to see the ultimate edition released with Ridley Scott's original director's cut and the Jerry Goldsmith score.  My girlfriend and I raced home from the store and enthusiastically popped the director's cut disc into the dvd player.  What we found that was different than what we remembered was about 15 minutes of Mia Sara singing and some seriously sappy lovey-dovey banter between Jack and Lily.  This is character development that we didn't need.  The great part about Legend originally was the simplicity of the characters creating a representation of true essences, i.e. innocence, darkness, magic, love.  These are things that don't require dialog to explain.  The Goldsmith score was great, truly enjoyable music, but overall served only to disturb the original mood of the theatrical release that we already knew and loved.<BR>After viewing the D.C., our feelings about the flick suddenly became lukewarm. Then we popped in the other disc that contained the standard version.  The film immediately came back to life for us with the mystery and splendor of the tangerine dream score and some fine tuning of the editors.<BR>As a Ridley Scott officianado, its nice to have the director's cut, but after watching both back to back, the theatrical release is clearly the more polished, coherent and mystical of the two.  You make up your own mind about it.  If you love Legend, you'll love the ultimate edition.  With cool clear packaging, two versions of the film, and at such a great price, you can't go wrong!  It is an excellent edition to my dvd library.  :)
B00004YA66|5.0|Frank Sullivan ( Dennis Quade) is a firefighter that dies tragically in the line of duty. Thirty years later, his son John ( Jim Caevizel) is now a cop whose life is a mess. The film opens on the eve of the 30 year anniversary of his father's death. John's childhood best friend Gordo( Noah Emmerich) comes over to cheer him up, and they drag out Frank's old ham radio. Due to a phenmenon called an &quot;aurora borealis&quot; John soon realizes that he is able to speak to his father Frank thiry years in the past where the same phenomenon is occuring. Since the death of his father has not yet happened, he is able to warn Frank about the accident. However, saving Frank's life also alters the course of a serial killer which effects John's entire family. John's current investigation is the same unsolved case from 30 years before. Now John and Frank work together over the radio to solve the case and avoid the tragedy that happened to their family. <br />Frequency remains one of my all time favorite movies. The acting is phenomenal!! Jim Caevizel gives the best performance in the movie as John Sullivan. The love for his dad that he shows as well as the determination to solve the case is amazing. Dennis Quade continues to amaze me with his versatile and brilliant roles. Frank Sullivan is no exception. I love the way that he shows love for his son, and how he must become like a cop even though he is a firefighter. Noah Emmerich adds a nice touch to the story with Gordo. A suprising performance was given by Elizabeth Mitchell who plays John's mom Julia. Andre Braugher always does a good job and continues to with Satch. The villan of the story is played by Shawn Doyle. He gives a very impressive performance that will shock you! The story itself is brilliant. It involves many elements. The love between father and son, a murder mystery, and the scientific phenomenon of the aurora borealis. Some timetravel movies suffer with due to lack of explanation. But as the movie goes on, memories of both lives ( the one with Frank dying, and the one with him alive) are shown. You get to see John's life on both timelines, as if they both merged to create the present. This lets us see where the chages were coming from and why they were done. <br />With amazing performances, an incredible script, and an action packed story, Frequency is a treat to watch. It puts an interesting spin on the time travel genre! The DVD is a must own because you not only get the movie, but great special features. You get to see featurettes, deleted scenes, and much much more
B0000CD5FN|5.0|Streetcore has all the hooks that make London Calling the album it is, and that Global a Go Go needed. Mr. Strummer sounds stronger than ever, and his cover of &quot;Redemption Song&quot; seems like it could be an original. It is perfectly tailored to him, his politics and his voice, and that is the best praise one can recieve. Being a Clash fan, hearing Global a Go Go was a bit disappointing, although it was interesting to hear Joe Strummer's world and reggae influences throughout his music, but Streetcore definately exceeds all expectations.  Joe croons, Joe emotes, but most of all, Joe rocks, and that is what truly counts.
0395389496|5.0|This is the ultimate Christmas book! \\"Magical\\" is the best way to describe it. Every child should have this. My girls love this book so, so much and we read it all year long. I have purchased this book for many gifts. It's a definite keepsake. It deserves every award it has won! I would give it more stars if I could! Don't let your kids miss out on such a wonderful story.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Peppers was the first real album that I bought.  I had only had the red and blue greatest hits albums.  Sgt. Peppers is definitely the best Beatles album ever.  Every song is creative in its own way.  The title track is great and then it leads into Ringo singing With a Little Help, which was his best singing performance.  The dreamy Lucy in the Sky is one of John's best, and I especially like the base line in that song.  Getting Better and Fixing a Hole are great little tunes.  She's Leaving Home is one of my favorite songs on the album.  The song has only a harp and some cellos and violins.  Paul's lyrics are fantastic.  Mr. Kite is a weird circus tune and Within You Without You is a really weird George tune.  When I'm 64 is a playful Paul tune that is really fun.  Lovely Rita is not my favorite, but is okay.  The reprise for Sgt. Peppers is the end of the &quot;show&quot; and then it leads into the best song on the album: A Day in the Life.  The John's haunting voice and the orchestral crescendos are awesome.  This CD is 5 stars.  If you don't have it, get it now
B000009CEM|5.0|The first song I ever heard by Fear Factory was on the Mortal Kombat Soundtrack, it was called &quot;Zero Signal.&quot; I liked it but I didn't think of it too much (at the time I was too busy listening to the &quot;Reptile&quot; theme by Traci Lords), nevertheless, I didn't mind listening to it when I did. However, it was the next song I heard by them that's actually on this cd &quot;Resurrection,&quot; that I actually thought about buying the cd, which I eventually did. It's definitely one of my heaviest albums. These guys are so damn talented, especially the drummer. They come up with some of the heaviest riffs I've ever heard. And what's surprising is that this album only has two cuss words in it, and both of them are in the awesome opening song, &quot;Shock.&quot; &quot;Edgecrusher,&quot; has one of the crunchiest bass riffs I've ever heard, seriously the bass player goes off! &quot;Hi-Tech Hate&quot; and &quot;Freedom or Fire&quot; are definitely the heaviest songs on here, and Burton, the singer, screams his lungs out on these, accompanyed by the brutal riffs the guitarist churns out. Probably, the song &quot;Resurrection,&quot; is still my personal favorite, and my God, these guys/director should've won awards for the music video. You gotta see it. This is a must-own for any metal fan!
B000002UB3|5.0|This album is definitely one of the best Beatles albums.  John's Come Together and George's Here Comes the Sun are highlights.  Some of the songs blend together, like Mean Mr. Mustard, Polythene Pam, and She Came in Through the Bathroom Window.  The End is amazing, which features solos from all of the Beatles.  This is a must get album for all Beatles fans
0316776963|5.0|Rarely is the utter hilarity and irony of life captured so perfectly in a novel, but David Sedaris meets, and triumphs the challenge in his newest book, &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot;. From his experiences growing up in a family of six children in North Carolina, to his adulthood in New York City and later to a small town in France, Mr. Sedaris writes like most of us think, with a wonderful comedic touch and a zany take on the most routine of activities. His strange, but close-knit family is a story in itself; a sister with an un-humanely knack for suntanning, a father who eats things wayyyy past their expiration date, and a mother who can smoke without ever removing the cigarette from her mouth, just to name a few. Guitar lessons taught by a midget and speech therapy, he has the childhood we all have but none discuss openly. Even more hilarious are the tales from France, where he studies France medical terms (&quot;It is now time to deliver the afterbirth&quot;) and discusses the items brought back from customs (guides to skin rashes or suede fetus w/umbilical cord, anyone?). This book had me in stitches, and instantly became my favorite of all time. I'd recommend anyone who doesn't mind crying of laughter in public, and who needs another person to assure them that their view on life isn't crazy...A must-read!
B0000DZ3IG|3.0|this soundtrack is ok.. but the UK version is much better with the group Girls ALoud coveriing The Pointer Sisters' &quot;Jump&quot;... this new version is great and is worth getting that version only.  The Sugababe's song is GREAT!! One of my favs on their new album &quot;Three&quot; (def. worth getting) - when will they get another US release?!?!  :)
B00005JKZV|5.0|The story follows the books so well. The cast is amazing. As frodo and sam move closer to mordor frodo is starting to understand what is happening to him. Aragorn, Gimli and Legolas are never going to give up hope that frodo is alive. for example in the return of the king trailer aragorn says everyday frodo moves closer to mordor then gandalf says how do we know frodo is alive then aragorn says what does your heart tell you. the two towers is put together with the bonds of friendship and also fellowship. they will not give up on defeating all evil. The battle of helms deep is amazing to watch. All the special effects that made that sequence real are amazing. The enty marchis also amazing to see. another thing that gives this movie its wonder are the locations. Edoras is one of the most beautiful sets. Also Rivendell is amazing. the ongoing love story wioth aragorn and arwen is tested when arwen has top make the hardest discition ever. She must choose between leaving for the undieing lands with her keen or to give up her imortality to be with the man she loves. Also if aragorn does not take his place as king. middle earth might be ruled by the dark lord.
B00005JMFO|3.0|I went to this movie with great expectations,  having had a long time \\"love affair\\" with Hugh Grant and Colin Firth, loved Bridget Jones and Four Weddings & A Funeral,   and the greatest respect for Emma Thompson and Laura Linney.  But the whole movie was dragged down by the porn scenes -  which I felt were stupid, gratutious and unnecessary.  I am no prude,  but the whole tempo changed with those scenes and a movie which could have been suitable for teens should now be off limits.
B000050IE6|5.0|As a reader of this fair review, you probably realize by now that Opeth KICKS NUTTIES!!! Still Life (Which introduced me to Opeth and the Death Metal genre) Is absolutly amazing in ever y sense. Beautiful instrumentalism and amzing lyrics tell a story of this man who come back to find his love (With a twist on the side of course). Didn't know that? Check the lyrics. Opeth ties it all together throughout the CD with ease. The Moor (The most godly song know to man) sets the stage for your listening ears and while the relaxing guitar duet is dancing in your head, be prepared. Opeth switchs from hard to soft and changes keys as fast as the blink of an eye (Newcomers beware). This CD is the highlight of Opeth's career and is the ultimate example of Death Metal at its best. If you are a soft rock kind of person, I have to ask why you even looked at the CD cover. If you are looking for something to rattle your head and blow your mind, however, this is made for you. LONG LIVE THE GREATNESS THAT IS OPETH!!! WWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
B0000DYJM6|5.0|To all you Pearl Jam fanatics out there, what Pearl Jam STUDIO songs were left off this collection besides I Got Id, Long Road, State of Love and Trust, and Breathe?????
B0000DYJM6|5.0|(BTW, it would help if Amazon.com would provide a track listing)  I haven't gotten Lost Dogs yet, so no comment on the previously unreleased songs.  I will list some notable ommissions (that I can think of):  the first and foremost, in my opinion, is \\"Leatherman\\" - why the hell have they not included \\"Leatherman\\"???; (\\"Just a) Girl\\" - not sure if that's the correct title of the song, but that's how it's listed on various bootlegs, etc.; the songs from the Singles sdtrk \\"Breath\\" and \\"State of Love and Trust\\" - not sure if these NEED to be included since they've already appeared on a major release but it would've been nice; Merkin Ball tracks \\"I Got Id\\" and \\"Long Road\\" - would've been nice to have these on there too;  \\"Angel,\\" a fan club X-Mas ('93) single that was slated to be included but pulled at the last moment, apparently (something to do with \\"Angel\\" co-writer and former PJ drummer Dave Abbruzzeze (sp), I hear); \\"Happy When I'm Crying\\" - another X-Mas single (written by Jack Irons) that's kind of interesting but nobody's really missing anything by its ommission here. That's about all I can think of.  <br />Hopefully there'll be a Lost Dogs V.2 in future.<br />The track listing for Lost Dogs is:<BR>DISC ONE<BR>All Night<BR>Sad<BR>Down<BR>In The Moonlight<BR>Hitchhiker<BR>Don't Gimme No Lip<BR>Alone<BR>Education<BR>\\"U\\"<BR>Black, Red, Yellow<BR>Leaving Here<BR>Gremmie Out Of Control<BR>Whale Song<BR>Undone<BR>Hold On<BR>Yellow Ledbetter <br />DISC TWO<BR>Fatal<BR>Other Side<BR>Hard to Imagine<BR>Footsteps<BR>Wash<BR>Dead Man<BR>Strangest Tribe<BR>Drifting<BR>Let Me Sleep<BR>Last Kiss<BR>Sweet Lew<BR>Dirty Frank<BR>Brother Instrumental<BR>Bee Girl
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I stumbled  this CD in Virgin Record and decided to buy it because I'd seen Gavin on Last Call w/ Carson Daly recently.  This is absolutely my best CD purchase ever!  The lyrics, music, and Gavin's soulful voice come together beautifully.  Several songs really affected me (i.e. Follow Through, Belief, and More than Anyone) in a deep way.  I refused to take this CD out of my stereo for weeks!
B00005YUPO|2.0|I heard so much about Baby Einstein I just had to try it.  Well I watched it with my five month old and determined that by playing classical music on my stereo and turning the tv on (to any channel), produced the same interest (changing shapes, colors, shadows, etc.)  I really wouldn't invest in these and save your money for something else.
B0000CFW87|5.0|This is the best CD I have bought in a long time. Oceano, the first track is definitely my favorite.
B00006BTCA|1.0|A star is born and they shall be named Interpol. Actually they took their name directly from the International Criminal Police Organization. BUT LET'S JUST IGNORE THAT FOR THE TIME BEING.<BR>We have now, walking among us a few bright lights. They are here to turn us on. Turn us on to their incredibly creative and unique sound. These incredible astute and brilliant young men have blessed us with the ability to form an original sound, which dazzle us to blindness by the virtual brilliances of their being. Actually they took their sound directly from a number of Post-Punk champions like Joy Division, The Smiths, Psychedelic Furs, Echo and the Bunneymen and more. BUT LET'S JUST IGNORE THAT FOR THE TIME BEING.<BR>They began with a sly campaign to expose us to their creation by offering their CD at a low price for the first year after it was released. Once they started breaking through into the thoughts and minds of the population at large, they realized their CD sales were starting to increase, so they responded by...what else?...increasing the price to take advantage of their newest fans. For isn't that a fair and equitable way of treating the people who spend their hard earned dollars on your creations? BUT LET'S JUST IGNORE THAT FOR THE TIME BEING.<BR>Actually I'm not going to bother writing anything else because Interpol offers nothing of value. So I'm going to take my own advice and JUST IGNORE THEM.
0380789035|3.0|I usually don't feel the need to write reviews (especially of works I did not particularly enjoy.This book is NOT great and it will NOT make you \\"think.\\"  The protaganist, named Shadow (something I found annoying for reasons I cannot explain), is a one-dimensional, walking plot coupon...he does little but whine and wander from one contrived meeting to the next. Stupidgenius6554 seems to equate disliking this book with stupidity.  I emphatically disagree. Disliking this book is indicative of nothing more than good taste.  The dialouge throughout is terrible, as are the ham-fisted exposition and the one-dimensional characters. The novel reads like a comic book without pictures. Gaiman tries to craft a modern fantasy that challenges the reader and for that I give him three stars. However, the flaws are, as I have mentioned, numerous and very damaging. Also, the entire feel of the novel is ground that has been well-traveled by truly great writers such as Tim Powers and his \\"steampunk\\" peers (all disciples of Philip K. Dick, the master of modern fantasy...see \\"The Man in the High Castle\\" among others). In short, as a novelist, Gaiman makes a great comic book writer.
0385504209|3.0|An entertaining quick read, though I think it'll end up making a better movie than it did a book. The mechanics of plotting could have been smoother, and the book would have been better had I just been allowed to read the author's cleverness for myself without the characters telling me over and over again how clever he was. That became distracting early on.
0452270073|5.0|In the first book of Pat Barker's Regeneration Trilogy, the reader is introduced into the psychological consequences of trench fighting during World War. Officers suffering from variations of the controversial shell shock syndrome were commissioned by the British Army to be treated at Craiglockhart, a military hospital outside Edinburgh, with the intention of healing them and sending them back to the front in France. REGENERATION follows a group of officers treated at Craiglockhart as they deal with the horrific events they have witnessed. There is no doubt that what these soldiers experience can disturb even the most strong-minded individual today. The principle psychiatrist is Dr. Rivers, who suffered from his own personal demons and war symptoms. He created strong friendships with many of his patients and cared dearly for their well being. Rivers is a complex, nuanced character. While he portrays an exterior of believing in the War, he holds an internal debate of the War's philosophical warrants. <br />It was a pure enjoyment to read about WW1, an often forgotten war in the literary world in my own opinion. I was previously unaware to the full extent of the shock and revulsion of trench fighting that the soldiers had to endure. It seems virtually impossible to leave that situation psychologically untouched. REGENERATION contains many horrific scenes that remain with the reader long after the book is put down. Another intriguing aspect of this book concerns the fact that it is a mixture of fact and fiction. Characters such as Siegfried Sassoon and Dr. Rivers existed in real life, although Barker did perform some literary liberties in writing this book. REGENERATION is a book that was difficult to put down. The unique plot grabbed me and held my attention. Although there were many scenes of graphic violence I felt it was an integral part of the plot. It enabled the reader to get a glimpse of what these soldiers endured in the trenches. A well done accomplishment.
0679731377|4.0|Consisting of ten chapters related in theme but not in character, setting, or plot, this novel challenges the bounds of its genre.  Its component chapters purport to tell a brief history of human triumph and failure, love, and war; the egotistical tone and the lack of a single coherent, engrossing story make the book a challenge to read and to like.  But each chapter is its own microcosm, each telling a story of faith or doubt, love or futility, in its own time and scope, and each written in a unique style (so any reader is bound to enjoy at least part of the book).  The book as a whole is well worth the effort of reading its more tedious chapters: it is more interesting, intelligent, and inspiring than the sum of its parts, and the various stories all seem to belong together.  While this book is not an engaging read, it is an intellectual adventure.
B0000AGQ26|5.0|A classic movie about collage guys who party and check outs girls, doing some crazy crap. I love this, a must have movie.<br />In loving memory of comedian John Belushi, who delivers a funny role in this movie
B00006JJ1O|5.0|Please don't expect deep lyrics and eclectic sounds, TATU is just plain fun songs of europop.  This album achieves what it wants, easy goin' joints, that are easy to swallow, this Eurofriendly record has the cleverness that it needs and that's it, it's not wrong but it's not right, simply politecally incorrect.  The phrase repeating is almost in every song, based mainly in thier chorus pathern.  The dance beats are simply the sound base and the russian language songs are essentials.  The Highlights of Tatu debut are \\"All The Things She Said\\", \\"Not Gonna Get Us\\", \\"Malchik Gay\\", \\"Show Me lOVE\\", \\"Clowns\\".
B00004X0Q0|5.0|the best atdi album and one of the best cds ever. i miss atdi.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher's 1998 album &quot;Believe&quot;, became the livin' proof that any artist with talent could return into the mainstream, with the right track.  The success that Believe achieve was incredible, not only #1 in the US, but Worldwide.  The concept album created is a pure dancin' mania.  Every tracks has their own story and style.  No wonder this album is becoming one of the best selling records for Cher.  The Highlights in Believe are the title cut, &quot;Strong Enough&quot;(pretty close to sound like &quot;I Will Survive&quot; of Gloria Gaynor), &quot;Runaway&quot;(speedy melancolical), &quot;All Or Nothing&quot;(same beats as Believe, but clever message), &quot;Love Is The Groove&quot;(nice vocals and message), &quot;Dove Lamore&quot;(Spanish-French flavored joint), Cher's 1998 LP is a great album to dance to, but somehow if you listen to it too much, you will end up hatin' it, so take it slow.
B00009TB5G|5.0|In reviewing anything, the benchmark is simply this: Did the creator accomplish what he set out to do? In this case, for less than $30 bucks, you get FOUR DVDs that were not packaged as an afterthought product to make a quick buck -- as is often the case -- but integrated as part of Peter Jackson's vision for his film trilogy. As he said, he has \\"interpreted\\" Tolkien's trilogy, which meant that, for a film trilogy that cost $300 million to make, he bears final responsibility for what appears on the screen. And for most fans -- especially movie-goers and Tolkien fans alike -- that interpretation satisfies more than it displeases; in fact, with this extended DVD set, in which you get the film version with added footage seamlessly integrated in the original footage AND a rescored soundtrack, you get a great buy for your buck. Peter Jackson, on the extended DVD of THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING, said that he's not a big fan of the term \\"Director's Cut\\" because if implies that what was on the screen wasn't what he had intended; in his case, what appeared on the screen WAS what he intended, so he's happy with that. That said, the extended DVD of FELLOWSHIP is an enhancement, adding footage that fleshes out the original footage. As for the bonus material: it's supplementary and there if you want to see it, but the main course is the extended DVD footage itself.<br /><br />Regardless of whether or not Jackson is recognized with an Oscar for what is, in terms of films, a crowning achievement -- three films that will stand the test of time, and set a high watermark for film epics -- the fact remains that he'll be the king of the boxoffice this year.<br /><br />As for the complaints heard from some Tolkien fans that Jackson has not slavishly followed the text: You can please some of the people some of the time, but you can't please all of the people all of the time. I recall that even when the initial casting was announced, some fans complained long and hard that THIS actor of THAT actor wasn't right for the part, without even giving the actor a chance to show his stuff on screen! In retrospect, the casting was inspired and it is indeed an ensemble cast -- a term used far too freely in the film community, which has cheapened its use.<br /><br />Trust me on this one, folks: Jackson spent hundreds of millions to give you a visual translation of Tolkien's epic, and you get it for, essentially, pocket change. He could have simply released the theatrical version and left it at that, but he didn't: He gave us more, much more, with the extended DVD.<br /><br />In the end, perhaps Tolkien himself, in a foreword to THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING, said it best: \\"Some who have read the book, or at any rate reviewed it, have found it boring, absurd, or contemptible.... It is perhaps not possible in a long tale to please everybody at all points, nor to displease everybody at the same points; for I find from the letters that I have received that the passages or chapters that are to some a blemish are all by others specially approved.\\"<br /><br />I recently had the pleasure of recently publishing a book about Tolkien and concluded that, after looking at thousands of items with a Tolkien tie-in, that the DVDs are great values for the money. As I wrote in my book, \\"...Sit back and let the movie take you away to Tolkien's imaginative universe, as envisioned by Peter Jackson, who has carefully and lovingly brought the book to the screen--and, by doing so, has introduced millions of people to the wondrous world of Middle-earth.\\"<br /><br />More than that, no author can ask; and more than that, no fan should demand.tor wasn't right for the part, without even giving the actor a chance to show his stuff on screen! In retrospect, the casting was inspired and it is indeed an ensemble cast -- a term used far too freely in the film community, which has cheapened its use. <BR> <BR>Trust me on this one, folks: Jackson spent hundreds of millions to give you a visual translation of Tolkien's epic, and you get it for, essentially, pocket change. He could have simply released the theatrical version and left it at that, but he didn't: He gave us more, much more, with the extended DVD. <BR> <BR>In the end, perhaps Tolkien himself, in a foreword to THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING, said it best: \\"Some who have read the book, or at any rate reviewed it, have found it boring, absurd, or contemptible.... It is perhaps not possible in a long tale to please everybody at all points, nor to displease everybody at the same points; for I find from the letters that I have received that the passages or chapters that are to some a blemish are all by others specially approved.\\"  <BR> <BR>I recently had the pleasure of recently publishing a book about Tolkien and concluded that, after looking at thousands of items with a Tolkien tie-in, that the DVDs are great values for the money. As I wrote in my book, \\"...Sit back and let the movie take you away to Tolkien's imaginative universe, as envisioned by Peter Jackson, who has carefully and lovingly brought the book to the screen--and, by doing so, has introduced millions of people to the wondrous world of Middle-earth.\\" <BR> <BR>More than that, no author can ask; and more than that, no fan should demand.
B00000J2PH|5.0|I was born in 1978, so I wasn't around for the fuzz of Tapestry, but I must say this is a classic and essential album, still selling like fresh bread, Tapestry, has the most unforgeattable tracks ever recorded.  It's unfair to mention that some songs are better than others, because that isn't the case.  But a personal favorites are: I feel The Earth Move, So Far Away, It's Too Late, You've Got A Friend, Where You Lead, Will You Love Me Tomorrow?, &amp; Tapestry. An LP recorded with such simplicity and realness. To put this in a most simple perspective: THIS ALBUM IS A MASTERPIECE.
B000089RVX|5.0|This is one of my favorite CD's!  The CD includes many of their hits as well as many other tracks that are equally as good though not heard much on the radio yet.  This CD is filled with songs that are both well written and well played.  A must have for any fan!
B000083E79|5.0|After going to the Minneapolis concert in the Living Proof Farewell Tour, and now listening to this CD many, many times, I can only say she is AWESOME!  I grew up with this woman's music; I am very close to her in age, and all I can say is she rocks!  She is so inspiring of a role model for other women like myself.  Every time I listen to this CD I am blown away at her incredible talent.  No one even comes close!
B00000AF98|5.0|Wow, this album is still awesome even today. I first bought Crazy Nights on cassette tape back in high school in 1988. I used to listen to it while cruising in my Camaro with my mullett blowing in the wind.  &quot;I'd Fight Hell to Hold You&quot; was the song I lost my virginity to. I love you Kiss, thanks for this great 80s classic album!
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|The soundtrack of \\"Love Actually\\" is extremely beautiful, uplifting and fun. The film itself is so rich and strange it's hard to pick out favorite moments. But the three onscreen musical performances certainly translate well from screen to CD, and serve the film as the glue that hold the various love stories together. <br />The first song performed in the film is crazy Bill Nighy's hilarious crusty version of \\"Love is All Around\\", the second is Lyndon David Hall's uplifting and soulful rendition of John Lennon's classic \\"All You Need is Love\\", and the third is 11 year old Olivia Olson who bursts from the screen at the end of the film--in a \\"Star Is Born\\" moment--singing like an angel. (She belts out Mariah Carey's \\"All I Want For Christmas\\") <br />I like the longer remixes on the CD of all three, although the live filmed performances of Bill, Lyndon and Olivia all have a raw, funny, joyful and soulful beauty.<br />This CD is bursting with the same emotion we get from the film--an absolute love of life. One of my favorite cuts is Eva Cassidy's gut-wrenchingly beautiful version of Christine McVie's \\"Songbird\\". (Cassidy died of breast cancer at a young age and the joy and sorrow in her voice is hauntingly beautiful.) Another is Joni Mitchell's incredible smokey-voiced version of a song she wrote as a young girl, now filled with layers of profound meaning sung by her beautifully deep, smokey voice as an adult.<br />Check it out for Brian Wilson's best song, the exquisite sadness and joy in Eva Cassidy's beautiful voice, and especially to experience the discovery of little Olivia Olson who may well launch from this film into mega-stardom.<br />My rating on this CD:  5 STARS
0201633612|5.0|A lot of people who work in Industry have left this book on the shelf, &quot;because I picked it up and didn't see anything really new.&quot; That is the whole point behind this book. Design Patterns creates a common language for discussing designs that are common enough to have a core &quot;pattern&quot; modelled after them. By naming the patterns, old programmers will have names to express their designs so that others can understand them in a programming language independent way. If you are a new programmer, a lot of these ideas may be new to you, but if nothing is new, there is still value to this book (the now-standard names for these patterns). This book does an excellent job of elevating object oriented design discussion beyond merely talking about &quot;inheritence&quot; and &quot;polymorphism&quot;, and into talking about the tradeoffs of the &quot;Singleton&quot; vs the &quot;Document&quot; pattern for global variable replacement (and why the Command pattern should always be used in multithreaded environments). That being said, if you are an experienced programmer, don't expect a lot of new material in here, feel free to skim chapters, etc. Just make sure you learn the names for the things you do every day so that the rest of the programmers on your team can understand you!
0060933275|5.0|I had to read to kill a mockingbird for my 10th grade english class. I had heard that it was long and not always interesting and that the movie was even worse. So I started out the novel with little hope of being interested and found that I couldn't put it down, it is the best book I have ever read. The authors use of the characters and the circumstances is truly amazing.I recommend this novel to anyone, but especially those who love classics. In conclusion I would just like to thank Ms. Lee for writting this masterpiece and my english teacher for getting us to read this novel.
B0000CFW87|4.0|This is an overall great CD. It's good to see that Josh has crept out from under the wing of David Foster, and has provided some personal input into the song selections and style of this album. A few more new original songs would be nice, and the version of 'Broken Vow' doesn't really compare to the live version on his CD/DVD release. But Josh's own 'Remember When It Rained', is a great song and really conveys the vastness of Josh's voice and talent. 'When You Say You Love Me' is also noteworthy, as is Josh's duet with violinist Joshua Bell. Josh is truly a very talented, powerful, and passionate singer, and this album really defines a \\"new Josh\\" compared to the debut album. He's not just \\"Opera Boy\\" anymore.
B00005QXXO|2.0|Remember how the Beatles stopped touring in 1966, when their music became so complicated that live shows seemed impossible?  <br />Well, Radiohead has reached that point - at the moment, they're expending a great deal of energy just duplicating what they achieve on their records.  Apparently the only way they can play Everything In It's Right Place in concert is to sample Thom's voice on the spot, and loop it through a machine to achieve - astonishingly - exactly the same thing they did in the studio.<br />There are only two songs that make this worth buying.  The arrangement of Like Spinning Plates is beautiful - it is, I dare say, the way it should have been done in the first place.  And True Love Waits is a return to the older Radiohead - beautiful lyrics and a beautiful song, carried with a simple acoustic guitar strum, although I'm disappointed that it isn't a particularly crisp live recording.<br />The rest of the songs are all vastly superior on the studio versions.  Which makes sense - this is a studio band now.  That's where the bulk of their effort goes.<br />How can anyone justifying charging what a full album costs for a much shorter collection of live recordings, only two of which are worth listening to?  Dollars & cents, pounds and pence: someone at their record company has figured out that people are getting fanatical enough about this band to pick up anything they put out.  <br />Their B-sides have been great so far: this is the first thing that I can, without qualification, tell you not to buy.
B00008J4P5|3.0|It's just not as good as I had hoped.  Everyone said that this is the resurrection of rock as we know it, but unfortunately it's not. Really, I don't think that the cultural state of the nation is ripe for a rock resurrection like it was in the early 90's or mid 70's. I think the problem is that most people equate &quot;new&quot; with &quot;good.&quot;  Too bad this album is not particularly either.  The whole two piece ensemble has been done better before, notably by They Might Be Giants, who were a bit more innovative than the White Stripes. I guess it just didn't live up to the hype for me.
B000001IPL|5.0|Smash had a lot of competition in 1994 when it came out. Other albums such as Superunknown (Soundgarden), The Blue Album (Weezer), put up a good fight over which was the album of the year. In my opinion The Blue Album was the album of the year but hey this one came in second. Most the songs on this album are fast paced and let me tell you they are all (slow and fast) fine pieces of work. The intro really foreshadows that this is going to be a non relaxing CD (though you might think it is relaxing if you listen to Anthrax all the time). <br />The first actual song (Nitro) is really fast and annoying but it should be right? After all it is right after the intro. (8/10)<br />Bad Habit is typical average ordinary running wide open/running from the cops driving tune pleanty of cuss words. It's slow at first but picks up the pace early into the singing. (9/10)<br />Gotta Get Away isn't really a slow song just not as fast as the others good drums (first thing you hear) then bass joins in and guitar enters, followed by the vocals. (10/10)<br />Genocide has great guitar in it and it's words are catchy until throughout the song. (9/10)<br />Something To Believe In is not the song you'd want to use to describe the Offspring. (7/10)<br />Come Out And Play is the ultimate song of this disc the time Dexter Holland says &quot;ya gotta keep 'em seperated&quot; until the last note it is a kick ass song don't ever say it's not the best song of the album,though I think it is, it is possible this is not their best song ever. (10/10) Man You Talkin' Back To Me?<br />Self Esteem is the slow song of the album it is very brilliant it is an excellent song. (10/10)<br />It'll Be A Long Time is a ok song to describe the Offspring with but not the best one of this albumit show lots of talent. (9/10)<br />Killboy Powerhead makes no sense at all it is a stupid, retarded, dumb song, but hey it's got a catchy tune. (8/10)<br />What Happened To You is a fast song with no better purpose on this album than to describe the Offspring. (10/10)<br />So Alone is very short with the same status a Killboy Powerhead except is is not catchy. (7/10)<br />Not The One is a song that could be better. I don't know how. It just has some pretty cool guitar, then again music from the Offspring doesn't. Least favorite of the album. (7/10)<br />Smash is the best song that of the ones named the same as the album that they're on. (8/10)<br />If you are thinking about getting this album let my review be the one to asure this is a GREAT choice.<br />Later, Offspring Fans
0553583182|5.0|This book has some many positive reviews that the only thing that I can do is to offer an enthusiastic testimony that the techniques described to achieve/obtain whatever one wants really work for me.<BR>The only variant I use is doing it in hypnologic/meditative state, and using more modern prayers/affirmation creating my own rhythmic slogans, but keeping a strong conviction/faith and emotion while praying/affirming, as recommended.<BR>This is not an academic book, it ONLY pretends to give people access to an INCREDIBLE POWER but is miserably and dogmatic criticized because of some possible literal misquotations (depending of what are the sources/translation), while the meanings still the same. Is this enough for not grabing what ever may be wanted? Somebody is missing a lot....or maybe he does not needs/wants more in life.<BR>I can see people trapped by the conscious analytical mind not willing to submit control to the subconscious (or being affraid of the power, it is better to ignore it).<BR>It is easy to appreciate why the negative and under rate reviews from people that not being convinced will never put in practice. How could it be otherwise? Could it be called prayer/affirmation if done without faith/conviction?<BR>Even if the techniques are practiced, but without faith/conviction they will never work, on the contrary, they will reinforce the contrary effect desired. the idea is not to cheat the subcouncious which is impossible, but it is possible to increase one's own conviction/faith due to the tangible results obtained using the techniques recommended to have the subcouncious mind produce them.<BR>You do not need to give a try, just do it.<BR>There is not limit, believe me.<BR>I'm giving this book as present to every person I can imagine can take vantage of this teaching.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|I've been a Sarah McLachlan fan for over seven years now and by far, I feel this is her best album yet.  Beautiful and haunting.  Some folks may criticize her work as not being what it used to be, but I beg to differ.  I feel her music and lyrics have evolved and matured to reflect more creativity resulting in a beautiful range of music, tempos and rhythm.  Her music has matured as well as many of her audience, such as myself, thus appreciating the evolution to its present state.  My favorite track is &quot;World on Fire&quot; - We part the veil on our killer sun . . . the more we take, the less we become . . .one man's fortune means less to some.  Very powerful, poetic - this particular song can represent the different things we see going on in the world today.  This album is a real treat.
B00009TB5G|5.0|\\"It wasn't just like the book.  Peter Jackson wasn't close enough to the mark.  Where's Tom Bombadil? THE BOOKS WERE BETTER!\\" BLA! BLA! BLA! BLA! BLA!  I've had enough of the \\"fan boys\\" complaining about the fact that the films are not \\"like the books\\".  That's because these are what people living in the present like to call \\"films, or movies\\".  Give peter Jackson credit where it's due.  Nobody makes truly epic films like this anymore.  The man's discovered a lost art.  As much as I like George Lucas, he can create a universe from nothing and transfer it to film.  Peter Jackson used the real world and made sure that a great deal of time, effort, and care went into presenting this ADAPTATION.  If it were just like the books, people would have fallen asleep or walked out after the first 100 page narrative.  GROW UP! ENJOY LIFE! WATCH MORE TV! DRINK SOME ALE AND SMOKE A HOBBIT PIPE WHILE YOU'RE AT IT!<br />Sincerely,<br />Bilbo Baggins
B0000CDLA7|3.0|Having been a long time Dream Theater fan, and Prog fan, I was initially very turned off by TOT. The melodies, strange time changes, intricate keyboard parts etc. , have been replaced with DARK brooding metal....With that said, TOT is not a bad CD, it is just NOT Dream Theater. John Petrucci and Mike Portnoy show off their talents at &quot;lightening&quot; speed. The problem here is that other Metal bands have been doing this for years (Metallica,Anthrax,Iron Maiden etc..) There are some standout tracks on TOT such as &quot;As I Am&quot;, &quot;Vacant&quot;/&quot;Stream of Consciousness&quot; and &quot;In The Name of GOD&quot;.Unfortunately, what lies in between is a lot of NOISE......I hope the next &quot;train&quot; that arrives contains the &quot;old&quot; DT......
B00008PBZW|5.0|I saw the theatrical version and thought it was a cool action flick,but not enough was said about the code talkers.Then I upgraded to the directors cut and it now ranks high in my favorites list.The opening fight sequence is longer and nastier,there is a little more info on the code talkers,but best of all a key scene between cage and frances o'conner that leads to a much better ending and a narration explains if he ever returned her letters she wrote to him.The twenty five minutes that are put back in help this story so much its worth checking out,even if you only rent it.
B0000DYJM6|4.0|When I heard that Pearl Jam was going to be releasing an album of b-sides and unreleased material I was really excited.  Finally i was going (hoping) to get quality versions of the rare tracks previously found only on soundtracks and obscure, expensive imports. Well the three tracks I most wanted were Just a girl, Hard to Imagine, and Brother.  Just a Girl was left off this collection which should get the band arrested.  It's one of their best songs and would fit perfectly in the middle of disc 1.  But the other 2 tracks are here, well sort of.  Hard to imagine was redone with different lyrics. Why Eddie?????? We all love the original version, why rework it. And Brother, an impossible to find cut on any cd, was turned into an instrumental.  This song, complete with the lyrics, could be the angriest track Pearl Jam ever made.  Maybe why they took the words out???? Who really knows. But these songs are so good I don't know why the band wouldn't want to share them with their fans.  But of the stuff that is there it's mostly very good.  I didn't keep up with the band's b-sides from Binaural and Riot Act so it's nice (to me at least) to see those on here, all of which are quite good.  All in all I think the band did a pretty good job with this collection. And who knows, maybe someday they'll release a Lost Dogs 2, they surely have enough quality still unreleased material to fill it.
B00005AQF7|5.0|When you think of the West Coast &quot;G-Funk Era&quot;, and when the West Coast was at the top of the music world, you think of a few albums. One of those albums is &quot;Doggystyle&quot;. An undeniable classic in my opinion. The whole album from start to finish is incredible and feels like a continuation of Dre's &quot;Chronic&quot; LP (Which is another classic in it's own right). A classic album always sounds refreshing and this by far is so refreshing to hear when it goes back into my rotation. Don't even hesitate to pick this up my people. Bonified masterpiece &amp; by far his best work. A West Coast CLASSIC in every sense of the word.
B00006690G|5.0|First of all.. like the title says.. this CD kicks @$$.. and another thing.. all you stupid people saying Eminem sucks and giving it 1 star can go.. Err.. nevermind.. kids might be reading this.. I can see if you buy the CD and don't like it.. or something but just saying Eminem sucks and rating it 1 star.. You are stupid.. if you don't like it.. Don't listen to it.. simple as that..<br />Anyway.. Yeah.. this CD is awesome.. 5 stars.. if You like Eminem.. why are you reading this still? GO BUY THIS!
B0000DF3PN|5.0|This album is brilliant! If you buy it, I guarantee it'll be the best album you buy all year!
B00008AY3L|1.0|Very polite. Do not be mean. I just don't like it. It is not music, really.
0316666343|2.0|One of the most disappointing things that can happen to an avid reader is to look forward to reading a book so much, only to find out that it was not as great as one would hope it to be.  As I read the first few pages of &quot;Lovely Bones&quot;, I found myself inititally riveted because one doesn't really expect to be &quot;grabbed&quot; by a book so quickly.  (Forgive me...here is where I become overly analytical).  The problem with the book is that while it initially grabs the reader, it gets lost in itself as the book wears on (and I do mean wear...because I struggled just to finish the book).  <br />I felt as though the author started off with a really incredible storyline that wound up not going anywhere.  I was expecting a book that flowed and weaved the story around me, and what I got was extremely bored.  The problem with beginning a story with a climax is that the rest of the book has to live up to it.  If it doesn't, it should either be left as a short story, or not written at all.  Take for example, &quot;The Telltale Heart&quot; by Edgar Allan Poe.  That story grabs you, pulls you in, makes you feel the character and then lets you go.  Now, if he had dragged the story out and continued to give you the character's perspective, would you have enjoyed it as much?  Again, that is all a matter of how the story would have proceeded.<br />In closing, I felt no real connection with the characters in Sebold's book, and though I initially felt sympathetic to the main character's plight, after awhile I felt less sympathetic and more irritated.  Though the storyline gives one pause for reflection on the afterlife, there is no real texture or richness in the story after the first few pages.  In fact, it would have been much better as a short story and would perhaps have been more deserving of all the hype had it been such a story.  Overall, I give the book two stars for a great idea and omit the three other stars for getting lost in itself and lack of true development in the characters.
B000009PNY|3.0|I'm a big dpeche mode fan.  I gave this disc a try because, well I had nothing better to spend on.  There are mostly losers here, a few great tracks (Smashing Pumpkins, MeatBeat, MonsterMagnet, Failure), and two worth the whole purchase.  While I'm not that big into the Cure, their version of &quot;World In My Eyes&quot; evokes great emotion and even energy, and is a very good listen.  The biggest standout, however, is the Deftones' version of &quot;To have and To Hold.&quot;  Chino's vocals are really great, and give the feeling that the words may actually be his.  The instrumentals are supremely heavy.  Overall, I would say that this version is better than the original.  Once I heard it, I could not help but to continue playing it over and over.  Very solid song.
0812550757|5.0|Ender's Game is very action packed.  As we move through the series through the next 5 books things change.  Philosophical ideas come more into play.  Card does this in a wonderful way and the plot doesn't suffer in the process because the characters are so well written.  Some people might be turned off because of the change in style from the first book but I think the change is a good one because it reflects Ender becoming an adult.  Like the Matrix the ideas multiply throughout the series and increase in complexity.  It only gets better.  The ending of this book is particularly good.  I was very happy with how card resolved things.  I don't read books more than once usually.  I have read the first 6 ender books again and again.  The spin offs after the first 6 are not as good but they are worth reading too.
B0000E1ALR|5.0|Of those of us who have some of his old stuff on tape and would like to update to CD and also get a great mix of some of Bruce's greatest on a couple of CD's, go for it.  Anyway, how can you go wrong with Bruce.
0312932081|5.0|One of my most favourite collections of books ever written.  A wonderful mix of touching characters and interesting ideas.  I have read this book over and over.
B00009TB5G|5.0|I loved this movie, and when I ordered my DVD and it arrived , I was very excited to watch it. However, right after the climax (Helm's Deep, Ent attack), as Gandalf & company are looking towards Moror, the DVD skipped back to the beginning. Too bad I can't watch the ending. The only reaon I gave this 5 stars because the rest of the movie was so awesome. This is similar to another person who saig BOTH copies of the Two Towers they saw had the exact same problem!I just pray when I watch the Extended Edition, I will be able to watch the whole movie.
0312853238|5.0|I love the ender series.  I read it when I was young and I really identified with ender.  I have re-read the series a number of times and I love it more now than I did then, especially the first 6 books.
B00005JKJA|4.0|If you have not seen the movie and plan to or possibly might see it then do not read this review because I will spoil it for you unless you want to know ahead of time what the plot is of this rather confusing but unique and startling film.<BR>When I first saw this film I had no idea what was going on especially at the end of the film. Then when seeing it a second time I realized that the movie is about Diane having a dream that she is Betty and the girl she contracted to be murdered,Camilla, is named Rita and is an amnesiac. I would like to see a sequel to this movie because it is my feeling that since we never see Camilla's death that she escaped the contract that Diane paid for. The other thing that I would like to see is a version of this movie in which everything in is chronological order so that the movie doesnt have to be viewed several times to get it straight as to what happened before the dream and what happened after the dream. In any event not since the movie Rosemary's Baby has a film been made which incorporates fantasy and reality in such an ingenious way. I also felt sorry for Diane and why she wanted to kill her exlover Camilla was understandable as was her wish fufillment dream that takes up most of the movie. Of course there may be people who disagree with my interpretation of the movie or will disagree with making any modifications to the form of the movie.
0312853254|5.0|Ender's Game is very action packed.  As we move through the series through the next 5 books things change.  Philosophical ideas come more into play.  Card does this in a wonderful way and the plot doesn't suffer in the process because the characters are so well written.  Some people might be turned off because of the change in style from the first book but I think the change is a good one because it reflects Ender becoming an adult.  Like the Matrix the ideas multiply throughout the series and increase in complexity.  It only gets better.  The ending of this book is particularly good.  I was very happy with how card resolved things.  I don't read books more than once usually.  I have read the first 6 ender books again and again.  The spin offs after the first 6 are not as good but they are worth reading too.
B00004Z459|2.0|Well, well, well. It's been almost three years since the emergence of Linkin Park and their second album has already come out. Looking back now on their debut which I feel is far superior to their follow-up at least in terms of chart success, you may wonder why I've only rated it two stars. What you should be asking is why I've given it so much! That's right Linkin Park fans this album isn't that great. In fact most fans don't have the intestinal fortitude to admit that after a couple of listens it just becomes a dull, bland piece of bubblegum pop. That's right, Linkin park with its debut essentially became the Motley Crue or Ratt of the '90's and aided in the long-expected demise of new metal. You see despite how good this album sounds at first the songs lose their urgency after a couple of listens and becomes as throwaway as any Britney Spears album. <br />The funny thing is if you listen carefully to Linkin Park they actually inherit very little from so called &quot;nu-metal&quot; bands like Limp Bizkit or even the Deftones. What most CD reviewers and fans couldn't see amongst the hype about similarities to Massive Attack, which is frankly laughable, is the remarkable similarity between Linkin Park and Alice in Chains!!!<br />Yes nu-metal fans your great nu-metal gods are nought but Alice in Chains copyists in home-boy clothing. I figured this out accidentally after watching a stack of AiC videos but it starts with the dual vocalists. Chester Bennington even sings in the same style as the late Layne Staley (R.I.P.), in that kind of half screaming/half singing style that seems almost out of tune. Notice though he is paired with the much sweeter sounding Mike Shinoda who places his backing vocals much like Jerry Cantrell. Even the pop meets metal style of verse/chorus structure is extremely close to AiC. Note too how the guitar licks in their simple fashion are very similar to Jerry Cantrell's simple melody lines and the style of simple but heavy power-chording isalso similar. The only difference is that Linkin Park's topics are more palatable, they don't have guitar solos (yet still have instrumental breaks just from their turntabler instead) and they have no swearing.<br />So do Linkin Park outdo their influences? Well on the matter of no-swearing first, I see this as simply a policy that can shift more units because parents would be more willing to buy the album for their children. Secondly the nature of the lyrics have such empty angst that I don't think swearing would have added much anyway. I know many of you out there argue against swearing on principle but sometimes it has a place in shaping the artistic work. Unfortunately swearing often takes the place of a good vocabulary for most people. In Linkin Park's case they have such a limited vocabulary swearing may have even helped.<br />However in terms of innovation Hybrid Theory offers little. Linkin Park's soaring choruses are very predictable and that is why even despite how good they sound they tend to become annoying very quickly. AiC's twisted choruses in comparison are slightly twisted and uncatchy at first but have more power for it. The same can be said for the guitar riffs. AiC produce much more twisted riffs which take longer to dechipher and hold your interest for longer on their far more interesting album, &quot;Dirt&quot;.<br />Yet Linkin Park do sound good the first couple of times but like all throwaway pop you'll wish you hadn't bought their CD after a couple of listens. Ironically I think Linkin Park are just another step in the simplification of metal into a more palatable form for the mass market and eventually another band will copy them (if they haven't already)and produce something more puerile.<br />In the meantime enjoy, but I suggest if you want highly commercial pop try Christina, Britney or Justin, if you want metal with a pop twist try Alice in Chains. I'm not saying not to buy this album I'm just saying be careful you may find it disappears rapidly to the bottom of your stack of CDs.
0765342294|5.0|I love the ender series.  I read it when I was young and I really identified with ender.  I have re-read the series a number of times and I love it more now than I did then, especially the first 6 books.
0385504209|1.0|if you found this book as lacking in intellectual stimulation as i did and you would like to read the excellent original from which the idea for this book were culled, read Focault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco. THAT was challenging and none of the twists have predictable endings. To bad Mr. Brown, Angels and Demons was much more intriguing.
0312932081|5.0|I love the ender series.  I read it when I was young and I really identified with ender.  I have re-read the series a number of times and I love it more now than I did then, especially the first 6 books.
B000002OVJ|5.0|This is The Who at their peak. The 1969-70 tours were where they really became who they would be. With their best album yet [Tommy] just out they became the greatest live act in the world. Luckily they recorded it on an incredible night in 1970 at Leeds University in England.What can you say about this concert? It was perfect. Everyone in the band is incredible. Pete Townshend does his greatest guitar work ever on the extended sections of My Generation. the sound he got that night out of his SG is what rock and roll should sound like. Even before this extended cd came out , it still was the greatest rock live album ever, Now ..forget it, its even better. Songs like Heaven and Hell, Fortune Teller, and Amazing Journey are some of the best things they ever did. If you even remotely like hard rock then you should be worshipping this cd. Its like the blueprint of what real rock and roll should sound like. There will never be a band in history this good at this particular time in their careers. This is rock at its finest.Period.
0312937385|5.0|Ender's Game is very action packed.  As we move through the series through the next 5 books things change.  Philosophical ideas come more into play.  Card does this in a wonderful way and the plot doesn't suffer in the process because the characters are so well written.  Some people might be turned off because of the change in style from the first book but I think the change is a good one because it reflects Ender becoming an adult.  Like the Matrix the ideas multiply throughout the series and increase in complexity.  It only gets better.  The ending of this book is particularly good.  I was very happy with how card resolved things.  I don't read books more than once usually.  I have read the first 6 ender books again and again.  The spin offs after the first 6 are not as good but they are worth reading too.
B000002OVJ|5.0|If you actually want to hear a real live album before the artists go back into the studio and overdub every little fault, and add more audience noise so it sounds like the band is better than they really are, then get this. This is the greatest live album ever. It will never be topped because there will never be a rock band as good as The Who in 1970. If there was someone out there who never heard rock and roll before and you wanted to show them what rock and roll is then you give them Live at Leeds. No questions asked. This is as good as it gets. Anybody who knows anything about hard rock music will tell you that this is one of the greatest albums ever. The Who were never better and every song is great. The sound is raw and nasty and must be played loud. I dont know what else to say except if you dont own this then there is a chunk of your life missing.
0812550757|5.0|Ender's Game is very action packed.  As we move through the series through the next 5 books things change.  Philosophical ideas come more into play.  Card does this in a wonderful way and the plot doesn't suffer in the process because the characters are so well written.  Some people might be turned off because of the change in style from the first book but I think the change is a good one because it reflects Ender becoming an adult.  Like the Matrix the ideas multiply throughout the series and increase in complexity.  It only gets better.  The ending of this book is particularly good.  I was very happy with how card resolved things.  I don't read books more than once usually.  I have read the first 6 ender books again and again.  The spin offs after the first 6 are not as good but they are worth reading too.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|This is the most brilliant album I have heard all year, Rufus has finally found his grove here, in a niche of his own, music that has never been invented before, Glamrock meeting classical, brilliant to say the least. His voice has incredible range and scope, and the album has excellent melodies with a touch of opera. The lyrics are incredible and nearly impossible to understand, it's just a genius album. Track number 2 stands out as the single, excellent production work. The song about Medusa and rebel angels, left me stranded, brilliant song, fantastic. Why did you have to break my heart incredible song, reminds me of something from elton on tumbleweed.  Movies of Myself , great song. This is a truly breakthrough work
0767817486|4.0|First of all, i have to say that this is one of my favorate movies.  The story is intense, the pacing is perfect, and the acting superb.  Brad Davis was a remarkable talent i had never heard of before i recently discovered this movie.  John Hurt, too, is brilliant.  Randy Quaid is also good in the most dramatic role I've seen him play.  I reccomend this movie to any fan of cinema.  It is a fine dramatic work which is given even more weight by the fact that it is based on a true story.<br />I don't normally right reviews, but i felt i had to after reading some other reviews.  It seems that some people are looking at this movie as representing an entire nation of people.  The truth is, Turkey is not a barbaric country.  The truth is, Islam is not a barbaric religion.  This is not to say that Billy Hayes was not abused and wronged by a corrupt system.  He clearly was.  But i hope people are not assuming that the country and people of Turkey approved of this.  I assure you that is not the case.  In fact, Istanbul is not unlike any major american city.  I just found myself at a loss when reading a couple of reviews of this film.  It seems to me that we need more acceptance and understanding in these times.  Taking a movie like Midnight Express as an indictment of a nation is a mistake.  This is a movie about the strength of the human spirit against great adversity.  If anything this movie brings up questions of US foreign policy.  It seems that some reviewers missed the point in the movie where it was made clear that Richard Nixon had completely fouled up relations between the US and Turkey.<br />I apologize for my rant.  I was just shocked at some reviews and felt i had to speak my opinion.  If you want to see an incredible film, buy Midnight Express.  If you are looking for anti Turkey/middle-east propaganda, just read the newspaper.
B00005JMFI|5.0|This movie is absolutely wonderful: a combination comedy/feel-good Christmas movie which is not to be missed. Will Ferrell is perfect as Buddy, and pretty much everything about this movie is pure genius. Give yourself an early Christmas present and go see Elf!! BUDDY!!
B0000DYJM6|5.0|wow pearl jam proves why they are my favorite band of all time i had the honour of seeing them in toronto in june. Best show ever.  This cd is a collection of b sides that would be on any other bands greatest hits.  Eddies voice soars on this album mixing all rocking pj with new strumming reflective pj and i could not be happier with the album.  Money well spent.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|If you aren't familiar with The Strokes or their music, buying Room On Fire is a risky decision. Not because it isn't a terrific record. The problem is that the hype around this album is enormous, making for expectations that are simply unrealistic (especially for newcomers). The situation is pretty much the same as when Is This It?, the band's highly acclaimed debut, was released. If you go into a record store looking for the holy grail, you're going to be sadly disappointed. On the other hand, if you take the time to read the reviews here at Amazon, you will be more properly prepared for the journey into the thick jungle brush of your local Best Buy (or wherever you buy your music).<br />The Strokes are five seemingly average white guys hailing from the always magnificent New York City: Julian Casablancas (vocals), Nick Valensi (guitar), Nikolai Fraiture (bass), Fabrizio Moretti (drums), and Albert Hammond, Jr. (guitar)<br />Please stop me now if I'm going too fast. <br />Initially, the band made a splash with their live shows. Rave reviews soon spread across the Atlantic, beginning their crash course to stardom. The Modern Age EP appeared in 2001, containing just three tracks, but packing an unexpected punch. The UK press eagerly jumped on the Strokes' bandwagon  and secured substantial publicity for the band. Extensive touring in both continents earned the band a major record deal with RCA. The US version of Is This It? was finally released in late 2001. First impressions were sketchy, but subsequent singles, more touring, and even an appearance on Saturday Night Live (fantastic), created a solid fan base, much to the delight of RCA (Is This It? was re-released in 2002 with a bonus DVD).<br />Alas, it is no use to know the history of a band you have never heard. So I'll try and break it down for you as simply as possible. The Strokes are classified as indie rock. This is something many critics of the band failed to take into consideration the first time around (Linkin Park fans beware). Lump The Strokes with every rock band in the world, and all the amazing reviews seem like fairy tales. You know the whole rock revival craze the US has been going through? These guys gave it life. Bands like The Hives, The Vines, and Jet each owe part of their success to The Strokes and, more importantly, the unique style that they (re)introduced.  Casablancas' voice appears phoned in and distorted on nearly every track the band has made thus far. Both albums basically sound like they could've been produced in a tin can (see also: The White Stripes). Grit is good in this case, however. The Strokes set the bar for a new breed of modern rock, and they've raised it with Room On Fire.    <br />Track by Track:<br />&quot;Whatever Happened?&quot; - A fantastically catchy, yet short, introduction to the album.<BR>&quot;Reptilia&quot; - Another personal favorite. Features an outstanding guitar driven hook that really sets the foundation for the song.<BR>&quot;Automatic Stop&quot; - Cloudy... for lack of a better word. No question, Room On Fire has a darker edge than its predecessor. &quot;Automatic Stop&quot; is one example. Of course, &quot;edgy&quot; for The Strokes might as well be rainbows and sunshine for many other bands.  <BR>&quot;12:51&quot; - The first single. A little more alternative than the usual Strokes single. Complete with hand clapping and guitar that mimics the melody throughout. <BR>&quot;You Talk Way Too Much&quot; - Written while on tour. Reverts back to the band's signature style... and that isn't a bad thing.<BR>&quot;Between Love &amp; Hate&quot; - Playful riffs and relaxed vocals make the atmosphere more like their live shows... and that isn't a bad thing.<BR>&quot;Meet Me in the Bathroom&quot; - Great song with a chorus that'll have you singing along. &quot;Say wha?&quot;<BR>&quot;Under Control&quot; - Put this one on the greatest hits record. A slower song with guitar that reminds me of the Beatles.<BR>&quot;The Way It Is&quot; - Upbeat song with a very nice bass line.<BR>&quot;The End Has No End&quot; - My favorite. The second verse is written practically the same as the first but everything is amped. I don't know why something so simple can do so much for a song but, I find myself hitting repeat button over and over on this one.<BR>&quot;I Can't Win&quot; - Maybe because it is the last song or something (more likely because its just plain good) but &quot;I Can't Win&quot; really gets stuck in your head.  <br />I loved every bit of Room On Fire and The Strokes are definitely moving up the ladder on my favorite bands list. If it isn't for you, it just isn't. But for fans of the band and the genre... It doesn't get much better than this. <br />Finally, I wasn't going to put this in but... 33 minutes?! I want more! More!
B0000DJZA0|4.0|This live CD sounds pretty much like their studio recordings, but there's nothing wrong with that!
6305971145|5.0|I remember watching this movie way back when it first came out.  I loved it!  My two year old son told me that he wanted a Santa Claus movie.  This movie was the first one that came to my mind.  I looked in every store trying to find it.  Now I am glad I found the DVD and can't wait for him to enjoy as much as I have.  We will make it a tradition to watch it every year.
B00006J3T4|5.0|Mark Knopfler, former leader of Dire Straits, has moved from rock toward folk and country and \\"Ragpicker's Dream\\" is his most eccentric effort yet.      Knopfler has a tendency to write songs about weird things:  Quotes from songs: \\"You're gonna need a quality shoe,\\" \\"German beer is chemical free,\\" and (best of all) \\"Who put the pigweed in the Mulligan stew?\\" There's a song about the Roadrunner (Coyote), a sea chanty (What Aye Man), and a song as country as Cowboy Copas (Daddy's Gone to Knoxville).      I wasn't impressed with this collection at first listen. It has to grow on you, a bit like moss.  It's so low key that the cover is in black and white -- almost as if Knopfler didn't really want to sell many copies of \\"Ragpickers.\\"  But the songs are clever and Knopfler's outstanding guitar picking can make about any song sound good.  The only song on the CD that could be described with superlatives is \\"What Aye Man\\" but they're all interesting, some deep, some humorous, some touching.      All in all, I prefer Knopfler's earlier CD \\"Sailing to Philadelphia.\\"  But, while \\"Ragpicker's Dream\\" won't knock your socks off, it's mellow, tuneful, and every time I hear it I notice a subtlety that I had missed before.
B00005JLEX|5.0|I've been watching this show since I got off the boat in 1993.  It's absolutely the best, no comparison!  I want that DVD and I want it now!  Otherwise I'll conclude that all of the Sony executives are sissies and should wear braziers!<BR>By the way: \\"Friends\\" suck (Typical Barbie&Bimbo show) :)
0452281881|5.0|Hello, i hardly ever read books, i try to but i just end up taking 2 years to read a 180 page book(tortilla flat). I for some reason though can read endless amounts of pages on the internet, and e-mail. This book caught and kept my interest, i really like the format in which he made the conversations. I got thru this book in 3 days, and i kept going back to read it again, after i read it the first time. Its a good fun book. I definately reccommend this to anyone who has a similar reading &quot;problem.&quot; ;)
B00008S2VG|4.0|I agree with Steven Locke from Illinois.  This album would take a great deal of listening before you would actually love it for what it is.<br />When I first heard the album sample, I was quite disappointed with it.  I am a huge Madonna fan and the songs in this album are not the typical songs we often hear from the Queen Of Pop.  But after some time of listening to it, I eventually loved it!  This album is one of those Madonna albums that would belong to the tops, namely Ray Of Light, Like A Prayer, and Music!  Like Bedtime Stories, this is one \\"misjudged\\" album.<br />What I realized from AL album is that this is the most seriously-themed album of the goddess.  This would proved that she really has mellowed down and learned a great deal from her life's experiences.  She may sound preachy at times but that is how she has learned.  This album is very introspective and inspirational.  Further, her words are very poetic.  Dig in deeper and you'll get what she meant!  It tackles learned issues from her childhood to her present life.  We are taken for a journey through her life.  One way or another, one would be able to relate to what she sings about.<br />Aside from that, AL is an easy listening album, along with Ray Of Light!  You could just sit back and relax while listening to it.  You could even use it to put you to sleep.  That is how relaxing it would be.  You wouldn't have the urge to get up and dance your heart out as how her other albums do!<br />So, grab a copy!  No matter how bad others critique this, don't believe them.  Judge it for yourself!
B000001DTM|5.0|I thought this album was simply brilliant, surprisingly better than the \\"Joshua Tree\\", whic was still excellent, and is also what U2 is most known for. I thought every song was brilliant, although they died down slightly on'Tryin to throw your arms around the world', but it was still an album that blew my mind out.<br />     Thats all there is to say
B0000A02TZ|1.0|I just put this DVD in and haven't even watched it, but that will not stop me from giving this title a 1 - and that's only because they don't allow negative ratings!   Mandatory COMMERCIALS that you cannot skip are completely and utterly unacceptable for any DVD I purchase.  I'll wait in the future for reviews before I buy any DVDs...<br />I like the movie, and the transfer looks ok from the first few minutes, its too bad I had to pay to watch a commerical...
6303921248|5.0|i've seen a number of movies adapted from books that i've read.  i must say that this version of pride and prejudice follows the book nicely.  the actors were believable and the movie memorable.
B00008EYA5|5.0|This movie rocked...the only reason I went to see it was for Colin Farrell and at one point in my life I wanted to be a cop...This movie had a lot of amazing stunts in it and had a ton of great characters in it....[...]and makes me wanted to get it as soon as it comes out....
B0000C7PRY|5.0|It took a while, but this album eventually turned me into a believer. Neal Morse never fails to disappoint, with his ultra-catchy melodies, emotion-laden climaxes, and superb musician-ship. I no longer mourn the trimming of Spock's beard after hearing this wonderful CD. Sure, the lyrical content is a bit different, but the same incredible caliber of virtuosity is at work. Songs such as &quot;Light of Day&quot;, &quot;Storm before the Calm&quot;, &quot;Rejoice&quot;, &quot;Oh Lord My God&quot;, and &quot;It's All I Can Do&quot; (and many others) make this album a classic. And it's two hours, for goodness sakes! Talk about making music for the sheer joy of composing and playing.<BR>     This is a personal story for Neal, even though it's a bit hazy. As one reviewer mentioned, Neal's weaknesses seemed to revolve around &quot;hungover every night&quot; and &quot;striving for that big record deal in the sky&quot;. The members of Spock's Beard seem like nice, grounded guys, so why Neal chose to leave is still somewhat of a mystery. You don't have to record religious music to lead a religious life, but maybe he felt they were getting in the way of his vision. Either way, this CD is a masterpiece, and proves he can easily stand on his own. From the operatic choirs to the acoustic intensity of &quot;Sing it High&quot; to the rude bass in &quot;My Lord&quot; to the latin-tinged grooves of &quot;Storm before the Calm&quot;, Neal explores new sonic territory. Whenever I hear the horn section in &quot;Storm&quot; I get the chills. Blast it loud in your car with the windows down and you'll see what I mean. Oh, and Mike Portnoy's drumming here is explosive, complementing the music extremely well.<BR>     Neal is a professed perfectionist, so maybe he's better off as a solo musician. It takes guts to make music like this, with lyrical content that may alienate the masses. Neal has a big heart and has gone to extremes to stay true to his beliefs. That alone deserves praise. The awesome music included here is just icing on the cake for him and his audience.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|the new album of DT it is not so good as 6 Degrees or Metropolis pt 2, but its a good album. theres no band in the world that have olny excelent master pieces. And if you remember, it happens in Falling into Infinity in 1997, before two marvelous cds &quot;awake&quot; and &quot;images and words&quot;. Im quite sure that they will be back even better. And by the away, try to listen it more times and alone...
B0000CDLA7|3.0|I only discovered DT one and a half years ago, but since then I've been hooked on their albums. So, after waiting patiently for the new album, it was truly disappointing. This is really the album Metallica should have written instead of St Anger. From DT I expected much more. I don't think they've used even half of their talents in producing it, and the result shows. Most of the time it is nothing more than a bunch of heavy chops lumped together, instead of interesting riffs. Petrucci seems to be trying to break the record for the fastest guitarist ever, but he seems to have missed musical creativity in the effort. Myung's baselines aren't as interesting as in previous albums. ToT represents a couple of steps back in their musical career, especially after producing two excellent albums like Awake and 6DOIT. Anyway, even a lame DT thing like this has it's heap of good moments. Only that it's not worth paying 20 for it. Just burn it from a friend
B0000E1ALR|1.0|WE ALL KNOW HOW THE MUSIC BUSINESS WORKS, BUT BRUCE IS OUT OF CONTROL.  IT'S NOT ENOUGH THAT HE CHARGES $100 A POP SO WE CAN LISTEN TO INTIMATE MUSIC (THE RISING) IN FOOTBALL STADIUMS, HE ALSO CHARGES $40 FOR A SHORT SLEEVED TEE SHIRT AND THEN HAS THE AUDACITY TO STILL TRY TO BE THE WORKING CLASS EVERYMAN.  I WAS THE BIGGEST BRUCE FAN IN THE WORLD, BUT I THINK HE HAS RAKED IN ENOUGH OF MY DOLLARS OVER THE PAST 20+ YEARS AND I WONT SPEND ONE MORE.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|Without knowing what to expect from another DT album, I was pretty impressed with what I heard on this album. I give much respect to the band for trying and, in my own opinion, successfully expanding their musical horizons. You'll find some of the classic DT elements in this disc like extrodinary musicianmanship with unison runs, elaborate compositions and graceful singing.  However, it is a very guitar/bass/drum oriented album with plenty of hard riffs and some rather surprising/unexpected arrangements.  Though it is worth noting that Jordan Rudess does make his presence known with appropriate and unique keyboards in each track.<br />One aspect of classic DT that is missing in the beginning tracks is establishing a coherent &quot;aura&quot; or &quot;presence&quot; that ties very different sounding tracks together, much like on &quot;Awake&quot; or &quot;SFAM.&quot;  This is a difficult thing to describe, but I feel its why &quot;Images and Words&quot; and those earlier albums are so popular.  Needless to say, these new tracks have a lot of intensity and really grew on me after successive listenings.<br />It is worth noting that the last 3 tracks, Vacant, Stream of Consciousness and honor Thy Father are simply AMAZING. To me, they possess the &quot;darkness aura&quot; of the album and are highly emotional and well executed. Cheers for DT on this one.
B000059XUO|4.0|Highlights: Brandon Lee's doomed performance, resonating dread and malice; astounding sets that possibly rank amongst the best in comic book adaptations (except, perhaps, the original Batman and Alex Proyas' later Dark City), non-stop full-throttle energy.<br />Lowpoints: Over-dramatized bits; lack of decent dialogue.<br />Conclusion: The Crow, famous for its protagonist's death during the shoot, is a startlingly uncompromising visual experience that will be cherished by fans of dark comic books, such as Spawn, The Punisher and even Alien. Watch it for its groundbreaking special effects, efficient rock soundtrack and possibly the most agreeably gothic atmosphere ever created in a film.<br />SEE THIS IF YOU LIKED: Spawn, Batman I, II, Dark City, Aliens.<BR>DON'T SEE THIS IF YOU LIKED: Daredevil, Spiderman, or any other PG-13 atrocity out there.
B00009TB5G|3.0|I wonder how many reviews were written about this Special Edition. It will be released on 18th of november?! If you want to rate the movie you can do it somewhere else.
1878424319|1.0|The ideas are so - so. They promote separation - like Hitler did. They promote smugness and emotional ignorance of others. (Taken literally it promotes emotional violence through assuption that it's rules apply to anyone other than yourself.<br />Don't assume anything, true; but you cannot respect someone if you don't understand what they intend by what they are saying/doing. If you need to be literal in what you say, that does not in any way allow you to assume that you have the right to ask that of others. If you do; you are not behaving with respect.<br />These little simplistic agreements will keep you completely disconnected from everything that surrounds you. If used literally; they violate everyone who is shy or soft-spoken. It is only for the agressive/vicious.
B0000CFW87|5.0|This is by far the best music that I have,I don't understand what he is saying but oh how he says it,it gives you goose bumps!his voice has a haunting quality that makes you want to hear more.He is a true star. When he sings remember when it rained and broken vow it seems as if he is singing to you alone.
B000063CMK|5.0|I got this disc in the mail this afternoon and just finished listening to it for the first time this evening (well, this morning, I should say).  And despite the fact that so many have said it takes multiple, multiple listens to get to enjoy it, I was hooked by Track 4 and by the end it's in my Top 10.<br />First let me say that this is the second Pain of Salvation CD I've purchased.  I bought ENTROPY based on some review recommendations several years ago.  I never really liked it, although in retrospect maybe I didn't really give it a chance.  So despite all the great reviews I've read for REMEDY LANE, I've been hesitant to pull the trigger.  Last week while pre-ordering the new Dream Theater, I finally did.<br />So here I sit, 3 A.M. with my headphones still in my ears though no sound is coming through them, minutes after my first taste of REMEDY LANE, compelled to add my glowing praise to that which has come before.  I felt the need to post primarily due to the fact that I absolutely loved this album on the FIRST LISTEN.  I believe it can be done, despite those who say to give it 4, 5, 6, even 10 spins before you make up your mind.  I know what the secret is, if you'd care to give it a try:<br />Completely remove any and all expectations you may have.  Forget what all the reviews say.  Forget that you've ever even heard music before.  Open your mind to all possibilities.  Be willing to go on a sonic journey to places you've never been before.  I recommend listening with headphones, late, late at night.  Turn all the lights out except for one dim reading bulb and take out the liner notes and follow the lyrics along with the music.  When it's over, close your eyes for five minutes.  When you open them, the world will look a little different.
B0000CFW87|4.0|I was so excited to hear Josh's sophomoric effort, that I entered my first review without listening to the entire CD.  What can I say, the first 3 tracks had me drawn into his world and I got a little carried away.  <br />Though I still maintain that Josh's voice is phenomenal, several of the songs on this CD do not showcase his talent the way that they should.  This album is still a wonderful effort, but it falls short of accomplishing the success of Josh's first album.  Of course, I could be a little biased ... Gira con me and Alejate will always be my favorites.
B00009W0U4|4.0|The amount of emotion raised in this movie is phenomenal. By shooting this film in reverse it grabs your attention to a BRUTAL (i can't stress that enough) scene that puts OZ to shame. For anyone who can't handle BUMFIGHTS, BAISE-MOI ect..<BR>STAY AWAY!!! This is not for the faint of heart, the rape scence is rather prolonged so...its hard to sit through. The bizarre use of cinematography literally caused me sapz out while whatching. What attracted me to a film with such power, is the complete non-censoredness of it. To tell a story of revenge, madness and love and lust is shown graphicaly yet, effectivly. When it's done it's hard to know what to think, but stuff shown happends alot...more often than most are comfortable with.
B00008DDXC|5.0|In many many franchises &amp; trilogies, the 2nd movie is the weakest in the series. Fortunately for us, this isn't the case here.<br />The most noticeable thing (well, except for the boys' voice changing) was the fact that the younger actors' acting has improved tremendously (esp. Daniel Radcliffe, while Rupert Grint can use a little more help...). The adaptation of the story was much better this time, too.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I have to admit, I was slightly nervous about the second album.  I thoroughly enjoyed the first, so I didn't want the formula to change too much.  Closer seems to have the best of both worlds, taking points from the old album that work, but combining new flavor.  For instance, the first track, Oceano, contains the raw power that Alla Luce Del Sole has.  However, the track has more of a Latin rhythm, and the Italian pronnunciation has improved.  A wonderful first track.  Another innovative listen is Remember when it rained, a track that Josh played piano on, co-wrote the music, and wrote the lyrics.  His piano style is substantially different from David Foster ( David favors arpeggios, Josh plays straight cords more)  His instrumental bridge is reminiscent of Eric Carmen's &quot;all by myself&quot; bridge, which was covered by Celine Dion, another of Foster's songs.    This song features lyrics that are more raw than the English songs on the first album, and the message and delivery combine to bring an emotional song to life.  These are just two examples of the wonderful songs included in Closer.  The wide range of style and scoring provides a song for everyone.
B0000CFW87|4.0|I was a reluctant convert to Josh Groban's first CD, which eventually won me over by his extraordinary voice; he stands apart from most singers by the amazing sincerity with which he delivers his songs.  'Closer' has been harder to adjust to -- he is definitely taking steps away from the song choices of his debut CD.  Some of the songs are moving on first hearing, but I've found most become much more beautiful on repeat hearings.  There is no doubt that he has made enormous strides vocally, and lets loose on his top range, which is far stronger (and higher) than he showed before.<br />My favorite was 'Remember When It Rained', which I found very different from the rest of the album in structure and maturity - what a surprise to discover that he co-wrote it.  I think this album can put to rest the fears that his talents may have been nothing more than music business opportunism.  He has lost none of his impeccable phrasing and sincerity, he has moved in a much more mature direction (especially for such a  young man), and shows a professionalism and commitment to his talents and to his music.  An excellent, excellent cd.
034537410X|5.0|This was the second book I've read on Lucid Dreams, but easily surpassed the first by including much more practical information for the average lucid dreamer. You'll almost want to take notes when you read this, as some of it is so useful and eye opening that you won't want to forget any of it. A terrific guide.
B0000797IO|4.0|30-year-old Justine is drowning in inertia. Her dead-end job at \\"the Retail Rodeo\\" and her stoner husband make up her humdrum existence, and it's slowly driving her crazy. So when surly 22-year-old Holden (who renamed himself after the main character from \\"Catcher in the Rye\\") becomes Justine's new co-worker, she sees an opportunity to bond with a kindred spirit. \\"You hate the world,\\" she tells him. \\"I hate it, too.\\" The two embark on a passionate affair, but quickly Justine finds herself in over her head.<br /><br />\\"The Good Girl\\" is a terrific drama about a woman at a crossroads in her life. Justine hates the predictability of her uninspired life, but she's also terrified to take a leap into the unknown. I think there are very few people who can't relate to her situation. Jennifer Aniston is remarkable in the role of Justine, shedding all the obvious charm and cuteness of her \\"Friends\\" persona to inhabit a character that is heartbreakingly ordinary.
0792846443|1.0|I am simply reviewing the DVD on this one.  For such a wonderful film this DVD has NOTHING.  And when I say nothing, I mean NOTHING.  Oh, a booklet that's a whopping fold-open which doesn't give any information what so ever.  I love this film, and it's by far the best Stephen King sceen adaptation ever, but it's a real shame there aren't ANY extras to speak of on this DVD.  Special Edition is needed BIG TIME!
B00000JPHD|4.0|Don't look for special effects in this film.  The eerieness is created by the black and white and actor facial expressions, especially at the beginning at Dracula's castle.  Excellent performances by Bela Lugosi and Dwight Frye.  The same actor who played Dr. Waldman in Frankenstein, plays Van Helsing.  <br />The main confrontation between Van Helsing and Dracula is not as spectacular as some of the later versions of the film though.  The ultimate destruction of Dracula is done off-screen and loses dramatic effect.<br />Not having read Brahm Stoker's novel, I am not sure how true to the book this one is (there was a movie called Brahm Stoker's Dracula that was very different from this one) but just seeing Bela do Dracula is worth it.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|6DOIT had 3 good songs, along with some boring ballads and one silly 40 minute musical with a Steve Vai rip-off riff right in the middle of it.  Metropolis Pt. 2 had some of the worst lyrics DT have ever written.  And don't get me started on Falling Into Infinity (why do DT play Peruvian Skies EVERY time I see them live?  Enough, already!).  So, it was with no small amount of fear that I picked this one up.<br />Yee ha!  Gone are the moments of Pink Floyd twaddle and Disney movie symphony garbage.  I haven't enjoyed DT this much since Awake.  Why only 4 stars?  Because you can't give anything 5 stars 4 days after you bought it!  But, suffice to say, this is the best thing they've done in years.<br />Is it heavy?  Oh, yeah, it is (for DT, anyway).  But it's about time.  The last 2 albums were pompous and overblown, even for prog rock.  This CD pulls DT out of their rut.  I look forward to seeing where they go from here.<br />Blah, blah, blah.  Bottom line: this is the first DT release since Awake (although Change of Seasons was a pretty cool song, too) that has me excited AFTER hearing it.
037540872X|5.0|This is one of the saddest and most touching books i have ever read i love it it made me cry at the end i truly loved it everyone should read it!!!
B00005QY5Y|5.0|I have more albums than I can count, but this is by far the best. From beginning to end, Ryan Adams draws you in with his famous hooks, and whether the music is bouncy and joyful, or melancholy and introspective, you are happy to be along for the ride. My husband first picked up this album at the store because he was offended that the flag was hung upside down on the cover. But after sampling a few songs, we purchased what has come to be our favorite album of all time. Standouts are numerous, but &quot;Somehow, Someday&quot;, &quot;Firecracker&quot;, &quot;Answering Bell&quot; and especially the soft and beautiful &quot;La Cienga Just Smiled&quot; are not to be missed. Ryan Adams is one of the of most prolific artists alive today. I eagerly await his future work!
B000089RVX|4.0|overall i thought the album was very impressive, especially for a debut.<br />Going Under - 10/10...probably the best song on the album<BR>Bring Me To Life - 8/10...It was good while it lasted. Overplayed.<BR>Everybody's Fool - 9/10...nice message but somethings missing<BR>My Immortal - 8/10...a haunting ballad. the band version is 10x as better<BR>Haunted - 10/10...a powerful track<BR>Tourniquet - 7/10...to me the weakest track<BR>Imaginary - 10/10...a nice fantasy song, i love the lyrics<BR>Taking Over Me - 9/10...an average song, its just ok<BR>Hello - 10/10...a hauntingly beautiful track w/ fantasic lyrics<BR>My Last breath- 8/10..i tend to skip over this song<BR>Whisper - 10/10..Great song, Great Hook, Great everything
B00005QY5Y|5.0|I have more albums than I can count, but this is by far the best. From beginning to end, Ryan Adams draws you in with his famous hooks, and whether the music is bouncy and joyful, or melancholy and introspective, you are happy to be along for the ride. My husband first picked up this album at the store because he was offended that the flag was hung upside down on the cover. But after sampling a few songs, we purchased what has come to be our favorite album of all time. Standouts are numerous, but &quot;Somehow, Someday&quot;, &quot;Firecracker&quot;, &quot;Answering Bell&quot; and especially the soft and beautiful &quot;La Cienga Just Smiled&quot; are not to be missed. Ryan Adams is one of the of most prolific artists alive today. I eagerly await his future work!
014028009X|4.0|This book is a much-needed breath of fresh air. It is not profound or particularly intellectual but it is a fun book that most people will enjoy.<BR>After I started reading this book, I was hooked and couldn't do anything but read. I was late to classes, I didn't study for my tests, and I was a hermit in my room. This book is so addicting that your life will have to be on hold until you finish it. <BR>I highly recommend reading this book.
B00006BTCA|1.0|I agree with the reviewer who said it's a good thing Interpol makes music in the Post-Punk style. I think that shows they have really good taste in music and they clearly aren't like the THE bands out there who, well let's not get into them shall we. <br />THE CRAMPS put out a compilation many years ago called 'BAD MUSIC FOR BAD PEOPLE'. At the time it was a nice overview of their music and even better, has one of the greatest album covers of all time. What's my point you ask?<br />Simply that I really like the title of that album and I think it applies most effectively as a review of this recording. But in an effort to give The Cramps their most deserved respect, I'll change the sentence to 'RIP-OFF MUSIC FOR TASTELES PEOPLE'. That's what TOTBL should have been named. <br />Actually that's a rather unimaginitive variation, but you probably get my point...I hope.<br />OK so is the music really that bad??? Nope. The music is actually pretty tolerable. But ratings cover a wide variety of components to a musical recording. The music itself is only one piece of the puzzle so to speak. In the case of TOTBL however, the reviewers who select to give it a low rating are probably showing their preference for the originators of the Post-Punk sound. It's the context of the new recording that matters you see. I'm not really sure any music style, when re-hashed years after it's first appearance, gets the respect it may or may not deserve. <br />After all, nobody thinks anything of all the bands that call themselves some variation of Punk these days. We all know that they're garbage. Mall-Punk, Pop-Punk, at least they have the level of intelligence to name themselves something other than just Punk. <br />Well in the end the same applies to Interpol. They're emulating the, to many, beloved Post-Punk sound and to those of us that hold it sacred, it's like blasphemy. Unless you're going to do a phenomenally fantastic version, you're not going to cut it. Pure and simple. And the truth is, in the genre of Post-Punk, Interpol aren't very good. <br />Would you want to listen to a bunch of young kids playing in the style of early 90's Seattle Grunge now??? Well maybe you get my point after all.
B00000K3CK|5.0|Miracle on 34th Street is not only a classical Christmas movie, but simply a hollywood classic that can never be forgotten.<br />With an all-star cast of Maureen O'Hara, John Payne, Edmund Gwenn, and Natalie Wood, this movie shows what good acting and plot are all about.  Oh sure, there's been a remake of this classic like many others, which I haven't seen, but I hear it's not even worth watching because the story is so convoluted.<br />For starters, the acting is great and each actor/actress portrays his/her character extremely well.  The writing is great also in that the lines are never corny and every situation in the movie is meaningful.  But what makes this movie a classic is its acting.  All of the actors/actresses got along very well while filming this movie and it is evident in their performance.  The chemistry between the characters is genuine and really makes the movie come to life.<br />I truly pitty all those who dare say that the remake of this film is just as good or better than the original.  NO REMAKE ever beats classic movies.  I still scratch my head in confusion when directors try to do so.<br />If you're contemplating whether you should buy this movie, don't.  BUY it as soon as you can.  It's a classic and you can preserve it in DVD format.
B00005JMFR|2.0|Mmmm. Loved the fight scenes. The effects were great, as per usual but I was disappointed with the ending.<br />The main characters seem to lose everything to save Zion. We are not sure if Smith is really gone and the show ends with what seems like a stand off between the machines and the humans. It seems that we need another movie to fix all this.<br />Morpheus was watered down to a co-pilot. Why was Jada Pinket needed in the role of \\"super-pilot\\"? Morpheus was the Man! He was a key target of the machines, the carrier of the faith and the one to find Neo! He deserves better. He should have done the break-neck flying to save Zion. (By the way with all the defensive hardware that Zion had you might have though that a 1,000 EMP's would have been the ideal thing to have - slight plot boo-boo)<br /><br />MATRIX III - REVISITED!<br />Here is my way to handle Matrix III. Keep Jada at the love interest level for Morpheus (capable but not too much screen time). Have the real gang, Morpheus, Trinity and Neo go up against the machines and Smith.<br />The Zion gang would be holding out with the EMP weapons but running out of time against the hoards. Neo and crew must stop the machines! But Smith is in the way, he too want to smash Zion but will let the main computer have its way and do his work before taking out the machine. He just has to keep some of these humans at bay. And he wants Neo!<br />Neo and Smith duke it out while Trinity and Morpheus sabotage the central computer. Neo gets in trouble with Smith, Trinity saves him but gets taken down by Smith. Neo blows a gasket, gets into super rage, raw human emotions powers him up like an a-bomb. He whips Smith in shreds and totals the main computer.<br />At his super power level Neo will burn out and loose it unless all that power is channeled away. He uses all this power to alter time and rescue Trinity but looses his power afterwards with the world now at peace.<br />Clich&eacute; but its a fantasy! It should lift you up not let you down. My wife could see my disappointment as we left the theater. She thinks that the Matrix team just ran out of ideas trying to get both Matrix 2 and 3 filmed at the same time. If they had taken some time after Matrix 2 to think about it the outcome might have been a lot better.<br />Soooo..... About the directors cut for the DVD release. Let fix the ending to something we can cheer about.<br />One other observation. Neo and Trinity... There is just no chemistry. The closer they get, the more strained and forced it appears. Their love story comes across much stronger when they are apart like the scene with the Frenchman and Trinity when trying to rescue Neo. Frenchman: \\"Would you die for him?\\" Trinity cocks gun \\"Believe it!\\"down. My wife could see my disappointment as we left the theater. She thinks that the Matrix team just ran out of ideas trying to get both Matrix 2 and 3 filmed at the same time. If they had taken some time after Matrix 2 to think about it the outcome might have been a lot better.<br />Soooo..... About the directors cut for the DVD release. Let fix the ending to something we can cheer about.<br />One other observation. Neo and Trinity... There is just no chemistry. The closer they get, the more strained and forced it appears. Their love story comes across much stronger when they are apart like the scene with the Frenchman and Trinity when trying to rescue Neo. Frenchman: \\"Would you die for him?\\" Trinity cocks gun \\"Believe it!\\"
B00009TB5G|5.0|Seems like heresy to actually love watching the movies but be semi-bored by the books, but that is my take. For all of you out there that are critical of the movies because they take license with the books content, then too bad. The books are very detailed and will never translate perfectly to the big screen, so let it go. These movies are the next best thing.
B000002OVJ|5.0|I truly didnt think it would be this good! I mean all of the songs are great! The rythm is really tight and in time, and everyone sounds like they should. I heard that Roger sounds bad live, and I cant see why someone would say that because he sounds almost identical to the albums here. Pete Townshend sounds amazing on his guitar all in time and in better then perfect tone! When Pete goes off on My Generation its just down right amazing! John Einthwistle's bass is like a rumbling train rolling down the track and always in perfect time, but I dont get how he always stood so still with Roger swinging his mike Pete beating the hell out of his guitar and Keith Moon playing his drums like a madman! Moon as always plays his drums over the top, because as we all know he is the best Keith Moon type drummer! All the songs here are great even the ones that are not classic like 'Heaven And Hell' and 'Tatto' they are lesser known tracks but are just as great as 'I Cant Explain' or 'My Generation' The point is this is how live rock should sound and this is one of the top 10 live albums of all time!
0783114222|5.0|- Facts are real, has plenty of information about what probably is humankind`s greatest achievement. The mix of real footage and amazingly created ones add to its real life/documentary spirit. But it`s far from being a documentary, although every fact is real. It goes beyond on the narration.<br />- It`s not &quot;Americana&quot; on its spirit. Mr. Hanks and his team deserve merits for showing this great achievement as a mankind victory instead of an &quot;America only&quot; feat. Congratulations!<br />- Each episode is presented thru an original point of view, not the one you`d expect. This gives new life to the facts. The Apollo 13 episode, for example, shows how an anchor man from a TV network faced his drama at the same time as the astronauts. A great achievement since if it was presented the other way it would fail when compared to the movie. Actually, one complements the other.<br />- Many generations have not lived the man on the moon. This is the best way to give them a small feeling of what that meant. It`s the closest an historical document can get to emotion. Anyone will learn great and funny facts from the Apollo project and its missions.<br />- Episodes are very successful in passing the feeling of this great achievement. You`ll be proud of it, specially if you happened to be alive when it happened. At the end you`ll regret the fact that today we (humans/nations) spend too much time and energy with small problems that don`t take anyone anywhere.<br />- On the latest episode you`ll learn that one of the century`s &quot;greatest&quot; men was, actually, the first pirate whose actions screwed the life of the first great filmmaker.<br />- Mr. Hanks talents go far beyond acting. Congratulations!<br />- Acting is amazing, direction perfect, screenplays compelling. You won`t believe this was &quot;just&quot; a 12 episode TV miniseries. It`s FAR better than many movies made on science fiction/space exploration genres.<br />The only point where they`ve sleeped:<br />- The box and its opening &quot;book&quot; scheme doesn`t feel it`ll be up to date when man reaches Mars.<br />I`d like to remind you all that this is not a science fiction miniseries. Its focus is on the spirit, the challenge, the emotions, the technology, the men and women involved on taking the man on a voyage from the Earth to the Moon.<br />At around US$ 80.00, it`s far from cheap. But worth every cent.
B000002572|5.0|It's fitting that this album was on the epic label! It truly is epic in every sense of the word. To me the magic is in the contrasts: clean, pure vocals and massively overdriven guitars. Soaring, almost violin-like lead lines and power cords. Beautiful melodies with polished, evocative lyrics--lyrics that don't call too much attention to themselves, but allow the voice to act as basically an additional guitar! An &quot;angry&quot; distortion sound, but tamed: the rockman sounds like a wall of marshalls pumped through a transistor radio. Harmonically rich, like blue steel with little sparkles breaking on the surface.<br />And Brad Delp's voice! The man can sing. Nobody wails like that anymore. It feels like he wraps the lyrics in layers of silk. There is a certain &quot;fabric&quot; to his vocals--that's the only way I can describe it. He seems like a working man who happens to open his mouth, and out comes an angel's voice. I played &quot;Long Time&quot; for a dear friend from Africa once, just to see what he thought about American music. A very sensitive, poetic soul in his own right. He heard Brad Delp's &quot;Ahhhhhhhhhh-aiiii!&quot; in the break, shook his head, and knowingly said, &quot;The cry of freedom.&quot; That's what it is. It's so American. Anyone in the world would recognize it. It's like Whitman's barbaric yawp! It says, &quot;Listen to us! We're alive and we f'in' rock!&quot; One of your reviewers says that Boston reminds him of the bicentennial year, and makes him feel patriotic. How fitting that it came out when it did - 1976. How fitting that the revolution began in Boston; the music neatly summarizes and caps a revolution, in a sense. It is a product of the times, times that probably can't be recaptured. The music reminds of a happier, carefree era, when American music was still the envy of the world.<br />The album for me has two bookends. The first is the opening riff of More Than A Feeling. It repeatedly rises and tumbles back down, finally resolving itself as Brad Delp's voice soars up and takes flight as a singing guitar. &quot;I turned on my music to start my day/and lost myself in a familiar song/I closed my eyes and I slippped away.&quot; And &quot;So many people have come and gone/Their faces fade as the years go by.&quot;<br />The other &quot;bookend&quot; for me is in the staggering solo in &quot;Hitch a Ride.&quot; Right after &quot;Carry me away for the last time.&quot; Words fail me in describing it. And just at its highpoint, its fever pitch and frenzy, listen real close, and you will hear a scream. The magnetic guitar pickup actually caught someone screaming &quot;yeah!&quot; in a kind of ectasy. It's there--listen real close. A happy mistake, but telling. Carry me away for the last time.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I first heard Josh on the radio in Oct 2002 (not sure why it took so long) and couldn't believe the voice I was hearing on a top 40 station...exquisite, soothing, beautiful, etc, etc, etc.  Loved the first CD and Closer is just as good if not better!!  Josh has enormous musical talent that continues to improve.  Hi song co-writing ability is captured in Remember When It Rained (great piano playing also), Per Te and Never Let Go.  Mi Mancheral, When You Say You Love Me, My Confession, Oceano, You Raise Me Up, Hymne A L'Amour, etc...all of the songs on the CD capture JG's talent  and are a joy to listen to.  Singer, song writer, piano player...can't wait to see what the future will bring.
B00005T7I1|3.0|I watched this movie about two months ago and I only enjoyed<BR>    Al Pacino in it,he was superb in this movie and very funny<BR>    under the heavy makeup.About Madonna and Warren Beaty I<BR>    Didn't like their acting and i'm still not a big fan for<BR>    the both of them.The soundtrack of the movie is boring<BR>    [The worst songs of Madonna].Except the set decoration,<BR>    the wonderful makeup for the actors and the great actor<BR>    Al Pacino there isn't any thing intersting in this trash.<BR>    The script is awful and the main character played by Warren<BR>    Beaty is one the most boring characters in the history of<BR>    the American cinema.
B000003TAR|5.0|A couple years ago, I had a different Amazon.com account, and I used it to go in and bash Nirvana albums.  I had never actually heard most of them (my reviewing standards were somewhat lower back then), but I thought that since I was a Pearl Jam fan that I had to hate Nirvana.  Yeah, the 16-year old mind is a strange one.  One day I actually got to listen to &quot;In Utero&quot; and I immediately realized how wrong I had been.  I now consider &quot;In Utero&quot; to be one of the best rock albums of the 90's.  I write this review partly to say I'm sorry for previous Nirvana reviews I have posted.<br />The album is front-loaded with radio singles, probably a decision of their record company.  However, it is immediately striking as a darker and more complex album than their previous &quot;Nevermind&quot;.  It is much heavier as well, and less pleasing to the mainstream masses.  And wow, how it's all so terrific.<br />It's disturbing in many ways because it's difficult not to view this as Kurt Cobain's suicide note- he mentions it explicitly on &quot;Milk It&quot; and often talks about death and despair.  However, that man was a true songwriting genius.  The lyrics flow together beautifully, and power the music forward.  &quot;In Utero&quot; works as an adrenaline rush as well, since most of the songs rock as hard as any of their other grunge peers.<br />The album probably gets most interesting around the halfway mark.  Don't get me wrong, I love &quot;Serve the Servants&quot;, &quot;Rape Me&quot;, and &quot;Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge on Seattle&quot;, but I believe that it's most interesting to pay attention to what happens after the album's more commercial first half.  It becomes almost downright nihilistic around &quot;Very Ape&quot; and descends into guitar screeches and wails that cumulate in the &quot;Radio Friendly Unit Shifter/Tourette's&quot; duo.  This was truly an artist in pain, and yet his songs still remain hauntingly poetic.  Everything wraps up with &quot;All Apologies&quot;, which I still find myself getting into all these listens later.  That was probably the best song Nirvana ever did.<br />After hearing &quot;In Utero&quot;, I always have a feeling of sadness because the album just leaves you begging for more, which you know you can't have.  I believe that this is the best example of great Nirvana, both in Cobain's songwriting and how hard the music rocks.  I only wish they could have gone on longer.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|After 6D0T and SFAM I really wasn't expecting this.  For some reason I thought they were going to get lighter not heavier. This blows away every other CD I bought this year.  JL is trying new things (for a second there I thought I was listening to Dave Mustaine).  As usual, the playing is top notch and I haven't stopped listening to it since I got it tuesday morning.  JP might be going a little overboard with the solos, but I like it anyway.
B000002U82|5.0|I would first like to start off by saying, DO NOT, i repeat, DO NOT, get the SACD or whatever version, get the original.<BR>Now that, that is out of the way, onto the review. This CD is amazing. It is phenomonal. You have to listen to it from beginning to end every time, because it is that good. It starts off with the two part song Speak to Me/Breathe. It then goes through with some really great songs like Time, The Great Gig in the Sky, and US and Them. It wraps it up really with two songs; Brain Damage and Eclipse, which are very excellent endings. Anyway, this CD is the greatest, there isn't a flaw in the CD at all (That rhymed by the way). So, go get it and you won't regret it (I'm a poet and i don't even know it).
B0000C6E4D|2.0|I don't mean that in a good way.  The muse, ah it's a fickle thing, but it requires nurturing.  You can't walk away and expect it to wait or follow you around.  Almost always when artists come back after a hiatus it has fled.  Witness Afterglow, a CD with absolutely nothing worth saying.<br />Ms. Mclachlan has certainly proved herself worthy in the past, with wonderful phrases in songs like &quot;Into the Fire&quot; and &quot;Building a Mystery&quot;.  As a songwriter who relies only on her own relatively mild personality, not the power of the instrumentation or a unique and fascinating voice, passages or hooks are everything, there has to be something to ring in your ears.  A bunch of songs that are simply nice, but with no memorable passages, just burble in the speakers and fade out, leaving no impression.  After just listening to this CD all the way through, I can think of nothing but the piano riff in the last song, which is fresh in my ears, but I couldn't reproduce to save my life.  I had no inclination at all to play anything back from the CD, and it landed immediately on the &quot;sell used when enough of them pile up&quot; shelf.<br />Well, it's not hopeless for her, she has a pleasant voice and at least doesn't grate your ears.  But I'll be darned if I'll spring for another album of what is essentially new age filler.
B00005MAM2|5.0|First off, this is the greatest movie ever. All of you who are whining on and on about how they changed the dialouge, who cares. They just took out a few lines, it still a great movie anyway. I love the movie so much that i would go out and buy every other edition of it, and it still wouldn't make me like it that much more, because it is so great. So, if you  haven't seen this movie, go see it. Actually, just buy it, if i could give it a million stars, i would. And it doesn't matter which version you buy, it is still just as good. If your that picky, they released the japanese version on DVD, just get that.Anyway, go buy this movie now and for all of you whiney other reviwers, SHUT UP, WHO CARES. Just go buy it already!!
6305252521|5.0|This is Jim Carry's best work, and a amazing movie.  It will make you laugh, be suprised, happy, and sad.  Buy it!
0790731002|3.0|It is said of this film, that people watch Batman for the villians. However, I found Val Kilmer's portrayal of Bruce Wayne/Batman to be one of the better performances of the Dark Knight. Yes jim Carey as the Riddler was astounding, howver lets not forget that it is a batman film, not a villian peice.
B0000E1ALR|1.0|When I heard that Bruce had a new 3CD &quot;essential&quot; collection, I thought it would probably have all the hits ... I couldn't have been more wrong! Way too many songs have been omitted, most notably Pink Cadillac. If you already have his Greatest Hits CD, don't waste your money on this.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh Groban's sophomore effort, Closer, is definitely a true testament to his natural musical talents.  The album makes you FEEL the music.  Closer is an amazing emotional journey with endless words to describe the feelings it brings out of you - passion, romance, love, sorrow, pain, excitement, mystery, dark, power, etc, etc...very few artists can leave chills down your spine.  Every song on this album is strong on its own merits, except Broken Vow - the previous live version is definitely better.  Remember When It Rained is the album's standout, showcasing Josh's vocal range and styles and the inserted piano solo (by Josh) is a perfect surprise.  Overall Josh has started to find his own style and direction on Closer.  Its not just about &quot;That&quot; great voice but more of a close to perfect and exquisite blend of voice, song and emotion.  If you have ears, you should have this album.
B00005JM0B|5.0|Along with X2 (XMEN 2), I personally feel this was the &quot;perfect&quot; movie.  Characters, story, humor, a little romance between Stahl and Danes with great effects.  TX (Loken) was absolutely killer.  A sharp female appearance, but deadly as hell.  Yes guys, I'm sure you can agree with me that there are TX's (in their own right) walking amongst us here on earth right now - lol.  Still a mesmerizing movie with a surprising ending that leaves you with chills.  Definitely should be a part of everyone's DVD collection!
B0000714BP|3.0|The plot is weak, but John Leguizamo played Chi Chi so brilliantly I actually forgot he wasn't a woman.<BR>Patrick Swayze is graceful and fairly convincing as a woman, but Wesley Snipes just doesn't do it as hard as he tries; he's just too much of a &quot;man's man&quot; to pull it off.<br />a good popcorn flick to watch with the girls..whether they were born or made.
B0000TG9E2|5.0|FINALLY!!!  I have been waiting for this to be \\"cleand up\\" and put in 5.1 surround and/or DTS.  This by far is my favorite Disney film.  In it's release date, 1951, it was hugely criticized.  I believe I once read that Walt himself had apologized to the American public for it, but that was probably the \\"times\\" back then.  There are so many messages and references here, this wrapped up around Lewis Carroll's original story with Disney's great animation that many people will agree with me...  you may love it or hate it, but it's definitely not a boring flick.     :)
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Sarah's voice is so amazing she makes every song so smooth and enjoyable.  Every song has some kind of message or deep meaning.  I just love the album because its so mellow and easy to listen and the words are so clear.  It's one that's fun to sing along with. Her piano playing is awesome.  She just should have had more than 10 songs on the album!
B0000TG9E2|5.0|FINALLY!!!  I have been waiting for this to be \\"cleand up\\" and put in 5.1 surround and/or DTS.  This by far is my favorite Disney film and in it's release date in 1951 was hugely criticized.  I believe I once read that Walt himself had apologized to the American public for it, but that was probably the \\"times\\" back then.  There are so many messages and references in the film, that wrapped up around Lewis Carroll's original story with Disney's great animation that many people will agree with me...  you may love it or hate it, but it's definitely not boring.  Thank you for re-releasing this!!!!!   :)
B0000C6E4D|3.0|Like so many others who have adored Sarah's music for many years, I've been looking forward to her return to recording and performing for a long time.  It's been more than six years since Surfacing was released, a CD that was enjoyable, but left me hoping her next release would be something more amazing.  Something groundbreaking and as arresting in its own way as Fumbling was.<br />The first time I heard Fallen played on the radio, I found myself feeling both excited and disappointed at the same time.  I was thrilled she was recording again, but I think I knew instinctively that this new CD would not be what I was hoping for.  Fallen frustrated me immediately.  The chorus is so beautiful, with lyrics that are open and raw with a powerful melody to back them up.  \\"Though I've tried, I've fallen.  I have sunk so low.  I messed up.  Better I should know.\\"  How often do you hear someone owning up so honestly to their faults and mistakes?  And more importantly, that kind of honesty is what makes most of us identify with the songs we like.  Unfortunately, the chorus ends quickly, and we're quickly returned to the uninspired melody of the verses.  While much of the lyrics in the verses are interesting, minus a few clichd exceptions, the melody behind the words is so dull that it's hard to pay attention, much less care what she's saying.  <br />It seems the whole CD suffers from this problem.  You get a few great lines, interesting and poetic.  Then everything is thrown off by a clich.  Maybe if the melodies were more interesting, then the occasional clichs wouldn't be so bothersome.  I think there's some interesting stuff buried in a lot of these songs, but so little of it is ever realized.<br />I want to believe that we'll see more interesting and inspired music from Sarah again in the future, but this CD isn't it.
0920668364|5.0|My mother bought me this book when I was young, and used to read it to me all the time. It was one of the first books I was able to read on my own. When I went to college, we started fighting more. For Christmas, I bought her this book to show her I'll always love her, no matter how I act. She loved it.
B00005JKC3|1.0|This movie tries to explain everything with a very long slow start that just never develops.<br />What ever happened to good ol action fun? It was like watching some documentary.<br />The original TV series is waay better than this one.
0312954468|5.0|One of the best novels I've read.  Enjoyable from cover to cover.  Clever, original, touching, witty, heartbreaking.  I've recommended this book to many who normally don't read historical fiction.  They agree with my opinion of River God.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I dare any Groban fan (or non-fan) to be disappointed in this new CD.  It's just as good, if not better than his first CD.  I only received this CD yesterday in the mail and haven't stopped listening to it since.  I knew right from the first listen through that it would be a CD that I would play over and over again (like his first one).  Josh's music is the kind that I can listen to and be 'transported' to another time and place in my own heart.  His voice and musical talent are simply breathtaking and you owe it to yourself to have music like this in your collection.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|After these past years of anticipation for Sarah's new album to be released, I found myself immersed in utter disappointment!  I found the tracks to be over-produced and quite mundane.  But then I removed my shield of shallowness and extracted all previous expectations that I held of my long-time idol.  Not only did I discover the many layers that this album contains, but I allowed a brand new Sarah to become exposed.  This album is simply BREATHTAKING!!  If you are skeptical at first, I dare you to turn out the lights and listen to this album with headphones.  Her lyrics will move through your body like soothing water; her voice will make the hair on your skin rise until you cannot contain it any longer.  Track 7: Answer...If this song does not make you melt into the floor, you do not have a pulse.
B0000C6JUK|5.0|Yeah, sleeping with ghosts is a great Placebo album, but this special edition also includs a second cd with a selection of covers. I think that this cd is even better than the actual album! If you have not bought it yet, this is a great chance. If you have, give a chance to this fantastic sepecial edition anyway!
B00005ATQF|3.0|This is one of the great movies, a must own, 5 stars easy. Cast is perfect, dialog is superb, just a great flick! <BR>The quality of this DVD blows! Audio was mediocre at best, no booklet, no commentary or bonus material. Package was cheap. Too bad 'cause the movie is first rate. 1 star for the package.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|While I have really enjoyed all the DT albums, when I get out Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence or Scenes from a Memory, I usually do it when I can listen to the whole thing at once, as I consider them single cohesive works.  This disc is completely different, and I knew it would be.  There aren't any rock anthems or overtures on this disc that run throughout the disc, as Dream Theater would usually write.  Instead the disc is cohesive in its mood.  It's a dark, angry sounding CD and there are a lot more metal moments.  It reminds me of certain segments of disc one of 6 Degrees and a great deal of Awake.  All in all, I think this is the direction they've been trying to go all along.  My favorite thing about this album is that it lacks any cheesy sounding 80's style anthems which are present on some of their earlier albums.  It's all heavy, it's all intense, and it's every bit Dream Theater doing what they do best.  Buy it, you won't be disappointed.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|&quot;The Matrix Reloaded&quot; was a difficult movie for me to review.  I saw it theatrically in the summer of 2003 and then I saw it yet again on DVD very recently.  A seamless melange of martial arts, science fiction, and Christian overtones, 1999's &quot;Matrix&quot; was both an unexpected smash hit and ignited a cultural phenomenon in the age of digital video.  The Wachowski brothers, who directed the movie, were faced with the daunting task of topping themselves, which they don't quite do on the sequel &quot;Reloaded.&quot;  Here is a film that's intermittently thrilling, sometimes boring, and often confusing.  Never mind that Keanau Reeves, as an actor, is as wooden as mahogany furniture; what really matters are the stunts, which range from good to breathtaking.  Highlights include an extended car chase and a scene featuring Neo (Reeves) going to battle with tens of Smiths (the underrated Hugo Weaving).  New to the cast is the ever-striking Jada Pinkett Smith, who, as Niobe, doesn't have much to work with, but makes the most of what little screen time she is given.  But as soon as the action stops, &quot;Reloaded&quot; hits some bumps with long stretches of dialogue that, quite frankly, are tedious to listen to.  And there's a long, pointless &quot;rave scene&quot; that seems to go on and on and doesn't quite fit in with the rest of the picture.  If any clip belongs in the &quot;deleted scenes&quot; section, it's this one.  While I'm not as rabid a fan of &quot;The Matrix&quot; as some people are, I was somewhat entertained by &quot;Reloaded.&quot;  But for all its stunning visuals I couldn't help noticing that it also lacked the unexpected punch of its predecessor.  Maybe a better title for this movie would have been &quot;The Matrix Unloaded.&quot;
B0000DYJM6|4.0|Why don't we all put our hands together for PJ's closing act?  This is certainly the best studio Pearl Jam album since Yield, this 2 CD set brings together most of the greatest non-hits of PJ's career.  This is a clear sign that the end is near (or some have argued has already passed) for the most original/influential band of the 90's.  This collection spans over 12 years of time, from back when Ten stormed onto the scene with Ed's screaming to the more recent &quot;lounge band&quot; monotonous base-lines of Binaural &amp; Riot Act.  If you long for the PJ of old (1991-1997), this CD is a no-brainer, if you enjoy the latter days PJ (all 7 of you who are not delusional), you probably want to wait for the next half-effort studio album.<br />Believe me, no one has loved PJ more than me (&quot;speaking as a child of the 90's&quot;) but they're days have long since past, enjoy this last effort for their fans.... thanks for the memories PJ, you'll be sorely missed.
B0000AUHSE|5.0|Not having heard the (apparently) inferior sound of the original recording, I'm struggling to imagine its problems.  You see, the sound on this SACD hybrid is nothing short of ravishing, save, perhaps, for a slight thinness that occasionally crops up in relation to Corea's piano which, oddly, seems to lack the brilliance and sonority of the very best instruments.  The sound image, apart from that small annoyance, is simply stunning for the rest of the instruments, especially Roy Haynes's drums, which snap, snarl, and bubble with consummate authority.  Complaints about Metheny being underrecorded on the original disc, or there being a general lack of clarity, simply do not appertain.  <br />As far as the the performances, this disc finds the players completely engaged and in finest conversational fettle.  Whatever is called for--fleetness, emotion, group interaction--each member delivers, seemingly offhandedly, gracing the proceedings with a aura of musical authority that cannot be gainsaid.  Indeed, the sheer fluidity, the ease of execution, belies jazz enacted at the very highest level of expression.<br />This transcendent disc has scarcely left my player since I recently acquired it.  I'm convinced it represents a high point in the careers of all the players.  Highest recommendation.
B000084T18|1.0|Man this guy is all HYPE! Biggest thing to hit rap? More like the biggest thing to hit Dr. Dre and Eminem's bank accounts! It's amazing how easy it is for people to just sit back and accept the garbage some record companies dish out just to make $$$. Hyping 50 cent up so much that people actually believe he is good!
B00001ZULV|4.0|This was the first CD i bought of Genesis and its not so bad. It introduced me to some songs i hadn't heard before although i had heard most of these on the radio. I suppose Atlantic put as many songs as they could on one disc but there were many hits missing such as NO REPLY AT ALL, KEEP IT DARK, and, MAN ON THE CORNER from ABACAB(which i have on cassette), ILLEGAL ALIEN, TAKING IT ALL TOO HARD, and JUST A JOB TO DO from their self-titled album(which i own on CD) just to name a few and then they have a whopping FIVE songs from INVISIBLE TOUCH I mean sure that was a good album(I have it on vinyl) but so were these other albums. I can't really think of any others at the moment. This compilation has a disproportionate amount of songs from the PHIL COLLINS era of GENESIS, although I'm not very familiar with the Peter Gabriel stuff so i can't really comment on that. Plus quite a few of them were shortened: ABACAB, MAMA, INVISIBLE TOUCH. Now that it looks like Genesis is disbanded i think they should release a 2-disc compilation but instead have the complete versions of all the songs here plus the hits that were missing, the original version of carpet crawlers along with '99 and any Gabriel era hits that were missing(again i don't know much about those). And if there is still room left on the album maybe put in some Collins and Peter Gabriel solo hits and Mike and the Mechanics to show any new fans that they had successful careers beyond Genesis. These are just suggestions. I was thinking about writing a track list of what it would look like but it would be a bit complicated since i don't know just how much you can fit onto a CD. Anyway i don't want to be too harsh on this CD. I gave it 4 stars because it wasn't perfect. But it was good. Before that I didn't know any PG Genesis songs. I recommend this to anyone who doesn't own any Genesis albums and would like a place to start. As far as regular albums GENESIS is a good one to start with being that it was also my first.
B0000024JA|5.0|Another classic from the golden age of Wu-Tang, that being from 93-97.  RZA's production is on point, the lyrics are sharp.  Not on the same level as Cuban Linx or Liquid Swords, but then again, not many albums are.  Definitely one of the top 5 Wu solos.  Buy this now.
B00005UEAR|5.0|My opinion of an album never changed over time as much as it with this album. The first disc of this album is drastically different from anything that DT has ever put out. The vocal sound and method is new for DT...its a very modern sound. Personally, I think JL has an amazing natural voice...and he should never use effects to alter it in any way. I wasn't really into the first disc after my first listen...but I was VERY VERY anxious to hear the second disc...another progressive concept disc. My initial thoughts...I didn't like it too much. I played it through a few times...then I stored it away with the rest of the CDs that I wouldn't listen to for awhile. Then a day came when I decided that I was going to give this album a second chance. I listened and listened to that second CD...with the lyrics in hand....and boy did it ever grow on me. It is a masterpiece...indescribable. The fact that I didn't acknowledge this initally blows my mind! I could still take or leave the first disc save Glass Prision, but this album should be in everyone's collection. To the people that say to \\"throw away the second disc\\", you are out of your minds. The second disc rivals SFAM in every way except for perhaps a shorter less connected story. Sceptics should embrace the second the disc with an open mind...and see where it leads you.....
6305095442|5.0|This is simply the best horror/comedy movie of all time.  Unlike Evil Dead which takes it self too seriously and just comes off as laughable, this doesn't and at the time it was quite unique for a horror movie.  This has much more gore, the violence is wickedly twisted, an action packed sequel. It's no wonder that this sequel has spawned fans world wide.  The story is virtually the same as the original but that were the similarities end.  An essential DVD for anyone's collection, every scene is memorable and the lines are super cool, people expecting a serious affair best stay away. If you like your horror movies twisted, violent, and bloody gory this is the one for you.  This is no cheap Italian wannabe.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have listened to this album many times...and I pretty much could sing every lyric, beat out every MP chop and fill, etc. Usually...I will have a favorite album or song...and I will love it and think to myself 'I could never get sick of hearing this'. That ideaology is of course flawed..and over time...the song/album has zero appeal to me. Enter Metropolis Pt. 2...this album defies all logic of boredom...despite the fact that it has never left my CD player. I don't listen to it everyday anymore...but after a week or a month of not listening to it, I'll put it on and I still...STILL to this day get chills when I hear it. No piece of media has ever had this kind of effect on me...as this is truely one of the greatest arrangements of music EVER assembled.  Do not hesitiate...pick up this album...listen to it intentively...it will change your mind about any album that you ever thought was &quot;The Best Album You Have Ever Heard&quot;. This is a necessity in everyone's music collection...I don't care if you are a metal-head, a punk, a hip-hopper...please give this album a listen....it is a very important work of art.
6305095442|5.0|I was six years old when I watched the original, which was OK.  I was about 11 years old when Evil Dead 2 was released.  I wasn't expecting much, was I in for a surprise.  From start to end this was sheer class the story was the same as the original but Sam Raimi definitely did his home work on this one, everything from the setting, lighting and directing was spot on.  The action never stopped, the violence is on another level, no wonder the movie was censored in the UK  I even remember the debate on central live television regarding the release of this movie the censors were appalled saying the movie is too extreme, but this is a horror comedy.  .  Everything about this movie is brilliant fans world wide agree.  Our hero is beaten black and blue, almost driven to insanity and even has his hand cut off (great) no other movie has ever done this before.  This movie paved the way how horror movies should be made, how can people compare the likes of those unwatchable Italian rip offs to this master class, this is every gore hounds dream.  An Essential DVD.
B000084T18|5.0|I need the G-Unit Fashion, tennis shoes, etc.<BR>I love your CD 50, &amp; I love Stunt 101 G UNIT,<BR>Beg For Mercy!<BR>God Blessed\Keep Smiling!!!
B00006IUL7|2.0|I was disapointed, I thought it could have ben alot better. Both actors were great but Robins charecter was just to nice.
B00005JLET|5.0|This is definately my favorite movie of all times and will probely remain that way. It has beautiful animation, characters, a nice plot, and more.<BR>In this, a girl named Chihiro and her family accidently end up in the spirit world where Chihiro's parents are turned into pigs. Now Chihiro must face different obstacles in the world of spirits and save herself and her parents.<BR>However, it is rated PG for some good reasons. It has some scary moments, mild blood in a particular part{however, the blood doesn't come from any violence}, and the look of the spirits could scare some little kids.<BR>The animation is A++ 110%<BR>Hayao Miyazaki really emphasized what spirits should look like, and he drew the characters really well.<BR>The music is A 100%<BR>The music goes with the parts well. Too bad the ending song is in Japanese though.<BR>Voices A+ 105%<BR>The voices fit the characters well {unlike in Cardcraptors} and don't make them sound too young or too old.<BR>Plot A 100%<BR>It's a movie that has a simple yet nice plot that doesn't involve anything mean that teenagers would watch, which is why parents would like it.<BR>If you like movies about the girl being tha main character, helping to save others in a strange world with obsticles to overcome, then this movie is for you.<br /> If you are 8 and under, you should be supervised with an adult.Overall, a VERY great movie.Highly Recommended.
B00009ATKS|4.0|One of Mogwai's more interesting and subtle albums,  I appreciate the fact that they're continuing to grow and experiment, despite the constant comparisons, not only to other bands, but even within their own catalog of work.  <br />No this is not &quot;Come On Die Young&quot; or &quot;Young Team&quot; (and its CERTAINLY not &quot;the Radiohead album they almost made&quot; or &quot;the next Sigur Ros&quot; - come on, really, folks) - and why would anyone want it to be?  Those albums have already been made, and they were very good.  But so is this one, so lets let it stand on its own.
B00006HBUB|3.0|Well, \\"Soitenly\\"!!!!! I mean, Jinkies, this IS the Scoobster, even if he is a little physically altered by his CGI conversion to pseudo-reality.<BR>But, is it any good? Well, actually, yes it is. Could have been BETTER, I think, but it was passable enough...and enjoyable enough...as lightweight entertainment. Better than that if you evaluate it solely as a \\"kiddie\\" movie.<BR>If you want to analyze it as \\"Cinema\\", it has to get mixed reviews. It was only partially well-cast. Matthew Lillard as Shaggy OWNS the show. He IS the shagster. All the body language, the vocal nuances, the facial expressions, the \\"eye language\\", it is all there. If anybody else could top Lillard as the definitive Shaggy, I'd be interested to hear who it could be. And Linda Cardellini as Velma was also an inspired choice. Could have been that Christina Ricci might have done equally well, but who is to say? The Cardellini performance is fine with me.<BR>I am mixed in my feelings about Sarah Michelle Gellar's Daphne. She plays this a lot more neurotically and with a lot more of a chip on her shoulder than any  recollected visions I have of the basically good hearted ol' \\"Daph\\". And one just KNEW, going in, that the producers would work to play to Gellar's \\"Buffy\\" persona at some point, and sure enough, they did (Tho' I admit, I liked the ... kicking she dished out to Scrappy's masked wrestle-mania henchman, and the subsequent disruption of the little creep's plans that flowed from it).<br />Freddie Prinz's Fred Jones just doesn't hit it with me, though. His is the one characterization I can't buy into here. He is just totally miscast. He doesn't look good as a blonde, he doesn't look like the cartoon Fred Jones, and his runaway conceit is a bit too over the top. <br />The dog also doesn't look totally like the cartoon Scooby, but then, SO WHAT? Big whiff. Nobody else looks identical to THEIR cartoon counterparts either.<BR><br />  <BR> The sequential presentation is a little skewed, with the bestsequences coming right at the beginning (The Luna Ghost), but all in all this is fun hokum that mostly works( the \\"paging Mr. Doo\\" sequence is a hoot). I paid for a ticket to see it in the theatre and then shelled out for the DVD. As tight as I am reputed to be, I wouldn't have done that if I hadn't liked the overall effort.<BR>  If one is a long-term \\"Scoobster\\" fan, though, there is one single scene in this movie that makes any & all of its faults totally irrelevant.  A to-die-for moment that many people have waited YEARS just HOPING to see. And director Rajah Gosnell gives it to you. FINALLY! What is it? Oh, Come onnnnnnnn! How can you ASK???<BR>It's when Scooby , at long last, BUSTS SCRAPPY'S CHOPS!!! Makes you want to STAND UP AND CHEER!!!!!<br />    Now if these folks at WB/Cartoon Network want to continue on down the sequel road (and Scooby II is about wrapped, I understand), then I would suggest the following to them; take a cue from the old \\"Scooby Doo Movies\\" guest-star format (no, I don't mean Pam Anderson!) and cut a distribution deal with Universal. Then go Computer Graphic Imagery crazy and send the gang to Universal's famed, fictional east European monster world (No, not Transylvania)...Vasaria. And by means of CGI hook them up with a Bela Lugosi Dracula, a Boris Karloff Frankenstein Monster, A Chaney, Jr., Wolfman, a Dwight Frye Renfield, and a Lugosi (again) Igor. Add Abbott & Costello to the mix....AND Cassandra Peterson as Elvira and Darren McGavin (\\"younged up\\" via CGI like Anthony Hopkins in \\"Red Dragon\\") as<BR>Karl Kolchak. Add \\"The Monster Mash\\" to the proceedings and GO WITH THE FLOW!<br />  Oh, yes...one more thing, Warner Brothers (and Dot). In future let's use the straight-up version of the original theme song a little more in the credits, how about? I'm not saying don't use more contemporary stuff here and there, but...hey...lets always give a nod to the original vision when we can.Deal?
0312263120|2.0|***Warning: Plot spoilers ahead!***<br />How does one write a novel about something that ends up being non-existent by the end of the book?  Welcome to \\"Digital Fortress.\\"<br />Dan Brown, best-selling author of \\"The Da Vinci Code,\\" pens an adequate practice run with \\"Digital Fortress\\"...but only adequate.  It spins a \\"what if\\" scenario about a government agency that wants badly to have access to all digital communications globally in order to \\"serve and protect.\\"  This big brother plot is interesting enough to hook the reader, but once inside the story, there are no characters with whom to sympathize.  Who are the bad guys and who are the good guys?  By the end of the novel I still had no clear idea of who the author was wanting me to like and who to hate, and that apathy made me ask why I'd bothered to read to the finish?  Perhaps that's why \\"Digital Fortress\\" didn't put the author on the map, but will become a sort of \\"backhanded\\" bestseller based on \\"The Da Vinci Code.\\"
B00005JMFO|1.0|I feel like I was duped.  I paid to see a nice little holiday romance movie and wound up paying for something quite different.<br />This was America bashing at it's worst, as the insults to Americans did NOT fit into the rest of the movie.<br />Save yourself some aggravation and don't go see this unless you just feel like being insulted as an American citizen.  For instance, they had the Sling-Blade character play the American president, and all the other Americans in the movie were prostitutes, and stupid ones at that.  Forget it.
B00005JMFR|2.0|The final volume of the tri-part Matrix movies was highly disappointing and utterly predictable. Whilst the first Matrix at least had mystery, discovery and special effects, the second and third installments have been very weak. Part II consisted of some story development, interesting new characters, a long highway chase scene, but it left confusing loose ends, many of which are not tied up in the \\"Revolutions\\". This last film is weak, lacks imagination, and adds nothing in the special effects department that we have not seen before.<br />Mr Smith is not nearly disturbing enough (some psychological element would have been welcome here), Morpheus has lost all sense of mystery and Trinity has become ... feeble. In fact, all of the major characters are sadly uni-dimensional. Neo, who was originally on a path of self-discovery has become unconvincing as The One. If he were that, he would have gotten himself out of the subway station at the very least. In addition, the hopelessness of the people against the machines isn't nearly dark enough - that should have happened in the second movie to a much deeper extent, if we are to follow the traditional trilogy.<br />The only saving grace of the movie is some fantastic performances by peripheral characters. The editors obviously thought so too, since much of the story focuses on them. The introduction of even more new characters seems superfluous, and a cynical view is that they are there to give some substance to the movie (it doesn't work).<br />Of course, Trinity becomes a sacrifice but not before setting eyes on the sun (standard fantasy saga storyline, and obvious symbolism), and Mr Smith proves to be Neo's alterego (who'd have thought it ... the path to knowing thyself is inward). Self-sacrifice is the answer, of course.<br />Although the storyline is standard, I can't help but feel that the final volume could have been more impressive and its interpretation more mature.<br />Disappointing all round.
B0000CDLA7|3.0|This really is a  Liquid Tension Experiement project. People should know this before buying. As Dream Theater, it is 2 stars. As LTE, 3 stars. So I give it a 3 to be charitable. One star for each week they supposedly spent laboring over this. <br />6DIT had a few great songs among an otherwise fairly inchoherent double CD. This time , Dream Theater admits up front it has run out of ideas so blast away. To see how how a band that respects its fans enough to actually spend effort on a CD (and also change its sound), try Rush's incredible Vapor Trails. They spent more time on one song than DT spent on this entire CD, and it is obvious.<br />But I'm an optimist and assume they will enjoy touring, relaxing, and _then_ put out a real Dream Theater CD.  It will be great to have in 2006.
B00005JMFI|5.0|I loved this movie. It was totally bonkers: a human baby accidently ends up on the north pole and grows up among the elf community that supports Santa Claus. Buddy, as he comes to be known, knows that he's \\"special\\" however, since he can't keep up with the other elves. Never mind the fact that he's about three times as tall as any of them and barely fits in the shower.<br />When he's 30, and still young by Elf standards, he learns that he's really a human. Buddy decides to go in search of his father (who's on Santa's naughty list), to find out where he belongs. He walks to New York (through the Lincoln tunnel), and is immediately run over by a cab. The chain of events starts at that moment ...<br />Buddy is a delightful and enchanting character with many special talents and a childish personality. He is naive to the point of stupidity, but charming all the while. His lovable demeanour gains him friends in spite of his clumsy efforts. He is sweet, kind and generous. When his father at first rejects him, Buddy ends up in a department store where other elves (people who pretend to be Santa's elves) are working, and stays up all night to decorate the place. When the department store Santa isn't the real Santa, well, you can guess what happens ...<br />Buddy eats spaghetti covered in syrup, smarties and pop tarts; he gets drunk in the mail room of his father's office and his young half-brother shows him to ask a girl out on a date.<br />But all the while, things are looking bad for Santa Claus (and also Buddy's father). How will Buddy rescue the day? When Santa crashes his sleigh in Central Park, it's Buddy's moment to shine.<br />Abstract, enchanting, child-like madness all make up this beautiful movie. Absolutely delightful and recommended to viewers of all ages. If you want a Christmas feel-good movie, this is it.
B0000CC5CS|5.0|There's nothing to say here. Waiting for T4.
B000089770|4.0|\\"Smoke\\" is one of those movies that you'd probably be better off buying rather than renting.  It deserves --perhaps even requires-- multiple viewings.  'Great,' you may say, 'another movie that I have to watch a dozen times to understand.'  No, no.  Don't be afraid.  The reason I suggest this is not because the film is presented in a haphazard format (like the double helix-like antics of \\"Pulp Fiction\\").  It's not because the dialogue is cryptic or scant, the story unfolding with minimal explanation.  And, no, don't worry, it's not because it's so damned pretentiously quirky that things seem to be going absolutely nowhere, reminiscent of highly overrated films such as \\"The Royal Tennenbaums\\", \\"Punch Drunk Love\\", and \\"Adaptation\\": those where ultimately, you learn virtually nothing about the plot and characters.  So why do I recommend that \\"Smoke\\" be watched more than once?  There are actually a couple of primary reasons:  First, I'll explain why it 'deserves' multiple viewings, and secondly, why it may 'require' them:<br />Simply put: This is a comforting film.  If you need to be loved or wanted, or just want to hang out with some friends who have been in your shoes and will listen and provide solace...  then this is the film for you.  <br />Compassion is the essential theme of \\"Smoke\\".  We have a drugged-out girl (Ashley Judd) who gets pregnant, with an alcoholic mother (Stockard Channing) struggling to reunite with her ex-boyfriend (Harvey Keitel) --who is also the purported father of her daughter-- in order to assist Judd's character with raising her child.  Enter next a seventeen year-old boy (Harold Perrineau Jr.) attempting desperately to obtain employment from an amputee owner of a nearly bankrupt gas station (Forrest Whitaker) whom he believes to be his long, lost father.  The boy is befriended by a once popular writer (William Hurt) who, as a result of multiple traumas (mainly because of the loss of his wife), has lost his mojo for writing; consequently, heis reclusive and somewhat paranoid of others.  These are all seriously confused people, folks.  But as the story progresses, their lives intertwine, and they console one another.  There really are no antagonists in this film.  Of course, none of the characters are even close to perfect, evidenced when they engage in some questionable and objectionable acts (never extending the scope of realism as to make them ridiculously quirky, I must add); but the important thing is that they all learn from their mishaps and paranoias, and bequeath their knowledge to influence positively each others' lives.  <br />The pace of \\"Smoke\\" is neither hurried nor lagging behind, echoing the pace of the characters' deep thought and introspection, as well as the hypnotic lucidity of their storytelling, thus allowing the viewer time to synthesize the consequences of their realizations.  Indeed, a rapid or slothy pace are often why movies are ineffective; but \\"Smoke\\" is a refreshing exception.  Additionally, the empathetic vibe of the film can be likened to that of a comforting song.  There's a lasting effect that grabs you inside, and will not let go; or, perhaps better put: nicotine is addictive, is it not?<br />Though the pace of \\"Smoke\\" was concurrent with the goings-on in the characters' lives, these people are nonetheless complex.  They are intellegent, introspective, and contemplative --and also great storytellers and listeners, to boot.  But complex stories and complex characters both demand a high degree of attentiveness, and as a result, there is a greater probability of something being missed.  For this reason, additional viewings may be required.  <br />For whatever reason, I highly recommend at least one viewing of \\"Smoke\\".  The acting is highly realistic --even improvised many times during the film, eliciting an occasional chuckle.  Few times have I seen a film where personal highs and lows are so well-balanced.  Then why only four stars?  Well, the improvisation seems to geta little out-of-character sometimes, and the direction is occasionally shoddy.  But overall, this is a great DVD to buy -not rent.
B0000683DH|5.0|What makes this movie great is the conflict between Kirk and Khan and the fact that it's a sequel to an episode of the show. Cool stuff.
B000003TA4|5.0|This CD is probably one of the most influential CD`s of the past 10 years.  Forget all that talk about how the other big 3 Seattle bands were better, what this CD does is blow your mind from start to finish and leaves you slack-jawed in amazement.  <BR>   What Nirvana did was drag the underground music scene into the American mainstream, destroying hair metal and so changing modern music forever.  Each song on this album is a classic and the range of songs is fantastic, from the punk of Breed & Territorial Pissings to the pop rock of In bloom & Lithium. <BR>   When you listen to this CD it just blows your head off and stays with you even after you finished listening to it.  You just want to sing along with Kurt Cobain, crying out those words with so much emotion and passion, you can`t help to be enthralled.<BR>  So just go out, buy this CD, put it on and turn it up as loud as you can and for that 40 minutes while you listen to one of the great rock albums, just remember how good it was when you first discovered Nirvana<BR>     Tracks: 1. Smells Like Teen spirit 10/10<BR>             2. In Bloom 10/10<BR>             3. Come as you are 9/10<BR>             4. Breed 8/10<BR>             5. lithium 10/10<BR>             6. Polly 8/10<BR>             7. Territorial Pissings 7/10<BR>             8. drain You 9/10<BR>             9. Lounge Act 7/10<BR>             10. Stay Away 10/10<BR>             11. On a Plain 9/10<BR>             12. Something in the way 8/10<BR>                 Endless, Nameless  7/10
B00005JKHP|4.0|Star Trek returns after a 10 year absence. This movie paved the way for 9 sequels and 4 tv shows. A must have.
0679746048|4.0|What is Borderline Personality if you have it and what is Borderline Personality if you are married to the one who has it? These two books (Girl, Interrupted and Siren's Dance) exquisitely show both sides of this most intruiging of mental conditions, that is Borderline Personality.  It is great that people are telling their stories more honestly these days. Both books are so real.
B0000AUHOH|2.0|This movie has continuity errors and is not very funny. They could have done better.
0790743507|5.0|Can't add anything to what has already been said re: this being one of the best musicals ever made, except that this was one of the finest examples of what Mr Kelly had hoped to do with his dancing: use it to help move the story along. In the past, musicals had used songs and dances as mere entertaining sidelines. Mr Kelly sought to create dances which would add to your understanding of the character and help tell the story better. He did this here, as well as in Summer Stock, Thousands Cheer, On the Town and a little known, but very enjoyable Living in a Big Way. He was not only a fabulous dancer and an excellent actor, he was one very intelligent man. I feel lucky to have known him. Even at age 82, he was still handsome, well-built, huggable and with a great mind and a fabulous Irish smile. Thank you Gene!
B00006G8HX|3.0|This film is an excellent direct-sequel to The Wrath of Khan. While not quite as good, it's still worthwhile.
B00005Y228|5.0|I really like Kylie, The 1988's (Local motion) was cool years and years later (Cant get you out of my head) When I first heard this song it was burned before it hit airwaves, I knew it would be big in the gay clubs, its a cool gay song the CD is cool. I notice that most of the tracks sound pretty much the same, Fever is cool. Love at first sight was cool to switf to at the bars> <br />I read alot of other reviews here, seems Kylie is compared alot to Madonna.  She is the madonna in australia and europe kylies called  the other madonna, But is not Madonna. Kylie's (Fever) looks alots the cover of madonna first album, But its a cool CD. MADONNA IS THE QUEEN kylie is under janet jackson who is the princess of POP>
B000083C49|5.0|This is the highest grossing Star Trek movie to date, and for good reason. It's funny, and has a socially-conscious theme. I just wish they included the Director's Edition interview with Leonard Nimoy from the first dvd release.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I'm new to radiohead, i'm a rapper drifting away from the uninspiration and dullness of commercial rap and started getting back to my musical roots which is everything. my girlfriend's brother is a big radiohead fan but while i was at work, i happend to stumble across &quot;Sit down, stand up&quot; on the customer's cd player and that song alone blew me away, i went to my girlfriend's brother and requested more. he gave every RH cd except kid-a and httt, after spending a while listenin to all of these cds and buying httt the next day, i can honsetly say this is my favorite cd.  The darkness and originality of this album is amazing, it's stangely more upbeat than other rh albums at times and slower at others,HTTT is a classic and the people who down this cd are one who want another ok computer and the bends but every cd is different that's what they cant understand, i will play this cd forever.
B00004RF9B|4.0|Walter Pidgeon stars in this 1950's sci-fi movie in which a ship is sent to investigate life on other planets &amp; finds a planet that was once inhabited by the Krell. How did the race die? Watch &amp; find out. Animation done by Disney.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|What I can say! I wasn't expecting to listen a so good album nowdays. DT knows how to do that. This album is instantly a huge masterpiece. DT proves they can be one of the best metal bands undoubtly. This album starts where 6DoIT has finished, and explodes for 70 min with endless solos and melodies that make anyone go green. This is an album that can't miss in evey serious music library.
0385504209|4.0|The book's main story is really good, but some the contents, which I can't list without spoiling the story, are very controversial and can be found disturbing by a lot of people, specially by Christians or Catholics.
B00005JM09|1.0|Boring, predictable. Ok, so it's a movie, I know I'm supposed to suspend a certain amount of disbelief. But a 46-ton 5-axle crane keeping up with a Toyota pick up swerving through the city? You've got be freaking kidding me?! It's got a maximum road speed of about 51 MPH with a 0-60 of all of 10 minutes. I could keep ahead of it in my diesel Jetta for Pete's sake. Let me explain, it does not have ANY cornering abilities, none... zip... never had any. Give me Ronin, Usual Suspects, Good Fellas, Casino, and of course Heat. But this? Sigh...what a wasted evening. Oh where art thou James Cameron.
B000002JSJ|5.0|If you're a major fan of zeppelin, then this album is essential. For your life and Achilles Last Stand feature some of Page's best lead work ever. Nobody's Fault But Mine is possibly the catchiest song ever written. This album is just very well done and has alot of character. John Paul Jones' bass is practically in the foreground, sometimes drowning out page! that surprised me, but it works. If you're only a casual fan of zeppelin, start with their earlier classics and work your way up to this one.
0790734850|4.0|To describe the plot of this film would be a futile endeavour.  To try to pigeonhole the film into a class is likewise difficult - it's sort of like The Untouchables meets Chinatown.  We follow the cases of three L.A. police detectives in the 50's, when the that police department was basically a big gang and justice was somewhat rough-and-ready.  Their cases intertwine and twist around each other and through the lives of the supporting cast - the police chief, the D.A., a tabloid magazine editor, and a prostitution ring that specialises in hookers that look like actresses.<br />Russell Crowe and Kevin Spacey play two of the detectives, and James Cromwell plays the chief.  All have been nominated for Oscars and all put in fantastic performances here.  Guy Pearce is also great as the main character who is now, ironically, the least well-known actor in this ensemble picture.  The three detectives are deeply flawed - Crowe's is bully, Pearce's is pompous and ambitious, and Spacey's is vain, strutting around the set of a TV show as a professional consultant and busting movie stars for marijuana use.  However, you do come to sympathise and to cheer for these men as they try to piece together what is going on.<br />Somehow, the screenwriters managed to condense James Elroy's novel(s) (unread by me) into something coherent and manageable for the 2.5 hour length.  This is not an easy task, and I understand there is very little plot overlap between novels and film.  However, the film on its own works, even though it sometimes seems like there are too many plotlines stuffed into the story.  Therefore, I recommend the movie unreservedly.<br />As an early entry into the DVD market, there are some pretty uninteresting extras, and the extras that are present are hidden under several layers of menus, and are hard to access for that reason.  It's annoying to navigate and detracts from their enjoyment.  However, the quality of the sound and video are fantastic, so worth getting on DVD nonetheless.
0140390693|4.0|I did not think that I would enjoy this book.  After years of avoiding this paragon of femenine literature, I finally gave in and read it, and I'm glad that I did.  This book is great.  The author's use of language, the way that she writes is a pure pleasure to read.  She also has her finger on the pulse of human character; I'm sure that is one reason this book is regarded as a classic.  The characters experiences seem genuine and are truly touching.  But for one glaring miss on the emotions of one character, I think the book is flawless and stands as a wonderful exposition on character and human relationships.  I rate the book 4 and 1/2 stars, and would wholeheartedly recommend it to all the men out there that shy away from &quot;women's literature.&quot;
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|These guys have been able to bring back the style of the 80's and make it fresh for today.  It's nice to hear something different than what is forced on you by commercial radio.  The album is just fun to listen to.  If you listen to every album thinking that it's going to be a life changing experience, you won't enjoy a lot of the good music that's out there.  &quot;What Ever Happened?&quot;, &quot;Automatic Stop&quot;, and &quot;12:51&quot; are great songs that you can listen to over and over again. <br />P.S. To &quot;Pissed Off Critic&quot; and you other Britney freaks(Cranky Reviewer), why are you listening to this type of music?  All your reviews bash good albums and glorify braindead music like Duran Duran.  How can you put a remark in your review of an alternative rock band that says, &quot;Justin and Britney aren't on it, why buy it?.&quot;  You insult the album because you can't dance to it?  Did you misinterpret the type of music you were listening to?  Stick to the type of music you know about best.  Mindless noise.
B00000F6LQ|5.0|This is easily the funniest movie I've ever seen. The opening credits alone are funnier than most 'comedies' and DVD makes it easy to make sure you don't miss any of them. This will be the third time I've bought the Grail on DVD, so to whichever relative 'walked off' with the previous ones, HA! This doesn't merely have the bonus 24 seconds, it is loaded with goodies. You can't really compare this with much of modern comedy since there is almost no scatological 'humor' like Austin Powers or Dumb and Dumber, but it still finds ways to tweak noses and offend sensibilities. It's also a bit irreverent but that's very minor compared to other films, just be warned if this offends you.<br />Overall, this is a very silly show. Even if you aren't in a silly mood when you sit down to watch it, that will change in under a minute. It's somewhat comparable to Airplane and Naked Gun, since the jokes are rapid-fire at times and off-the-wall. Watch it with friends and I guarantee you'll be repeating bits of hilarious dialogue to each other for months.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|I first heard Rufus Wainwright on the I Am Sam soundtrack a couple years ago and immediately went out and got &quot;Poses.&quot; That has since become one of my favorite CDs. Wainwright has a silky voice that simply calms me, and I immediately enjoyed the quirkyness of his songs -- he's poetic and etherial in a way that is inimitable, though he himself seems to emulate or imitate a whole range of other singers. I heard a lot of K.D. Lang on the Poses CD. At the time, I thought of him as an effeminate K.D. Lang. Insert laugh track here.<br />That said, I was looking forward to the new CD, &quot;Want One&quot; and am overjoyed to say that it surpasses, for me, &quot;Poses.&quot; From the initial humming harmonies of &quot;Oh What a World,&quot; I was hooked, and Wainwright it one of those artists whose music improves with each listen. <br />At moments, he is reminiscent of Billy Joel, at least in voice, especially on the second track, old Billy, pre-Pressure, not the more poppy stuff. Nothing here is lyrically as sublime as &quot;Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk&quot; from Poses, but then again, what is? The best tracks here appear to be &quot;Go or Go Ahead,&quot; which is one of the few six-plus minute songs I've ever heard that I'm sorry to hear end each time I listen to it. The way that song builds to its soaring conclusion simply gives me chills. Also notable is 14th Street, which I believe is about an affair gone wrong with an uncle, not necessarily the most mainstream of topics but done with a certain amount of humor and sincerity. Natasha is pretty, and I also really enjoy the upbeat &quot;Movies of Myself,&quot; which has a pop appeal while remaining true to his general style and self-effacing theme.<br />Hopefully, the public will begin to hear more from this guy, who has to be one of the three most important artists of our time. I'll go Ben Folds, Aimee Mann, and Rufus Wainwright, not necessarily in that order.
B00008BXJ6|5.0|The first album by masters of rock AC/DC is one of the best debut albums in rock. With such classics as Its a Long Way to the Top( one song i would love to hear live) TNT, The Jack, High Voltage, ITs a great fisrt album.. Angus's guitar playing isnt quite as good yet but its still very good guitar playing on his part.  Buy this album its a great one!
0375414932|4.0|As formula novels go, this one is quite good. The formula here is to deploy the narrator's diaries as a record of his life, with a `shell' narrator filling in some gaps and rounding the story off after that life has ended, and it is fair to assume from the book's title that we are supposed to relate the events to our own lives. Up to a point, this is quite easy to do. There are two basic threads, his relations with women and his contacts with the great and famous. What is conspicuously missing is anything much about the heart, and anything at all about the soul, although some irony may or may not have been intended when he dies of heart failure.<br />Logan Mountstuart was born in 1906, the year of my own father's birth. The early chapters, about his schoolboy and undergraduate years, set the tone and the style very clearly. His Catholic upbringing seems to have made very little impression on him, in particular as regards sins of the flesh, and his faith drops away early. That neatly closes off any risk of profundity or introspection from that quarter. It is at this stage also that we meet the two, at a stretch three, friends he ever seems to have made in his entire life, and the friendships never descend to any particular emotional or intellectual depth. The women come and go, and the focus is strongly on the physical side of his relationships with them. Even this side is not `explored' to any extent - it may all have been strictly missionary-position stuff for all the story suggests to the contrary. What is quite clear is that there was only one real love among them, and when that is tragically lost the book comes as near as it ever does to suggesting the grief and anguish that I would have thought any human heart must have undergone, and even that figures very little in the subsequent narrative. Logan has a son and a daughter by his two marriages, and he is admirably candid and convincing in conceding that as far as his son is concerned they had next to no relationship worth the name. For some of us, to have our own children is beyond comparison the greatest experience in living, and to lose a child the nightmare beyond all nightmares. What emotions Logan went through when it happened to him is a matter that we have to read between the lines as best we can.<br />He lived through turbulent times, but this is not the place to look for profound reflections on those. He is present in Spain during the civil war, but it is treated as a backdrop for his encounters with Hemingway and Picasso. We are kept entertained by the depictions of Virginia Woolf, Cyril Connolly, Ian Fleming and others too numerous to mention. The story really caught fire, for me, in the sharply-narrated and genuinely involving tale of his experiences at the hands of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor during his wartime naval service in the Bahamas. It starts to flag a little in the post-war world, and by now you will expect to be told that there is nothing about the nuclear arms race and nothing about the Cuban missile crisis, although Kennedy's assassination gets a fleeting mention. He does, however, go through a rough patch financially, and if you can take the episode of his consequent involvement with the Baader-Meinhof gang and the Red Army Faction seriously that's more than I can do.<br />The narration never really escapes from the schoolboy mentality with which it begins, but some of the descriptions of the depradations of advancing age on the narrator are genuinely touching. It is all very readable, and needless to say very skilfully written. I would call it a very good potboiler with pretensions, and I have rated it as such.onship worth the name. For some of us, to have our own children is beyond comparison the greatest experience in living, and to lose a child the nightmare beyond all nightmares. What emotions Logan went through when it happened to him is a matter that we have to read between the lines as best we can. <br />He lived through turbulent times, but this is not the place to look for profound reflections on those. He is present in Spain during the civil war, but it is treated as a backdrop for his encounters with Hemingway and Picasso. We are kept entertained by the depictions of Virginia Woolf, Cyril Connolly, Ian Fleming and others too numerous to mention. The story really caught fire, for me, in the sharply-narrated and genuinely involving tale of his experiences at the hands of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor during his wartime naval service in the Bahamas. It starts to flag a little in the post-war world, and by now you will expect to be told that there is nothing about the nuclear arms race and nothing about the Cuban missile crisis, although Kennedy's assassination gets a fleeting mention. He does, however, go through a rough patch financially, and if you can take the episode of his consequent involvement with the Baader-Meinhof gang and the Red Army Faction seriously that's more than I can do.<br />The narration never really escapes from the schoolboy mentality with which it begins, but some of the descriptions of the depradations of advancing age on the narrator are genuinely touching. It is all very readable, and needless to say very skilfully written. I would call it a very good potboiler with pretensions, and I have rated it as such.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|I think the sound quality gives you the feel of being at one of their concerts. I hate live albums that are overproduced. To me, this live album shows you how the band really sounds. I have many live CD's from a lot of other groups and this one is my favorite. My favorite song on the triple collection is the acoustic version of Resist. Geddy sounds great on that. I wish they would keep up with the times and put out an acoustic collection. Something different that no one would expect them to do.
076790592X|5.0|Seriously! We all have to die someday and can learn something from this book Tuesdays with Morrie.  OMG I had so many emotions in this book.  It is a true story and a good one.  It teaches and teaches and teaches some more.  We all need a lesson where we are not biased and are not head strong like when we are argumentative or shallow and this book makes us all sit down and think about our lives and how we should do the best to enjoy it and laugh and be funny while being real to our core.  A book for all of the human race.
B00008977N|5.0|Looking over the various reviews for this DVD its easy to conclude that people are largely divided on whether to review the concert, or the DVD. For those who have never seen this performance before, and who will be considering this purchase because this is the version of the conccert that is easy to buy, consider this... no one would be this upset about the quality of the DVD compared to the VHS tape or the laser disc if they were not first and foremost passionate about the quality of this performance. There are simply no better concert films available. The energy of the performance, the concepts of the staging, and the quality of the band mean there are no better film records of a live music show available. There may be others that are in the same league, Talking Heads &quot;Stop Making Sense&quot; for example, but this is definately in the top tier. Now, having written that, its staggering how badly the transfer to DVD was butchered. Yes, a high end DVD player should be able to sharpen the image enough so that there are no artificats, but at the end of the day, the picture quality is simply inferior to what was available on tape. The audio mix IS slightly different than it was on the original release. This is as often pleasing as it is frustrating, and will boil down to a matter of taste for previous fans of this show. I found some changes to be in poor taste, others gave me a sense of renewed discovery. Still, at the end of the day, there are only a handful of changes to have an opinion about. One more important note. The bass is completely audible. As one reviewer notes below, it is important to understand how the menu on this disc is configured. If you have a two speaker stereo setup, be sure to select the stereo mix, otherwise all the bass information will be sent to a non existant sub woofer. That's probably the issue that aflicted the reviewers who note an absence of bass. So, to sum up... if you are considering this perfomance for the first time... do nothesitate. The live energy of the show, and the conceptual cleverness of the staging and art design, not to mention the chance to catch glimpses of drummer Many Katche and Bassist Tony Levin in flight along with the rest of the band make this a must see. After you buy it, if you find that you are one of the people that this show can work its magic on so much that you find yourself returning to it again and again... consider UPGRADING to the VHS tape! As a final note for everyone here... send an email to Real World asking / demanding they make a new transfer to DVD.
B000000OPZ|5.0|i never got to see these guys in concert unfortunately. <br />but let me tell you about their lineage as a band. first and foremost, these guys are the best band ever. ok, well maybe not EVER, but they are in my top two. the other band is quiet riot. <br />and these two always compete for my utmost love. and the funny thing is that both bands had one thing in common: RUDY SARZO!  THE BADEST MF BASS PLAYER ALIVE! i mean just as a for instance, this man could play his bass with his one hand upside down for pete's sake! <br />if you think more modern bands like radiohead or led zeppelin [man i ALWAYS hear lead ballon on the radio, that's why radio sucks so bad] or creed are where it's at, then you just need to give this cd a spin because i'll tell you something - if you thought 'ok commodore 64' by radiohead was 'ahead of its time' or 'innovative' then you haven't listened to this cd, which you should buy. <br />and just look at whitesnake videos for pete's sake, not only do they have some of the best of their live concert footage, but they also have that sexy sexy redhead writhing on the hood of a car, making you wish that was you. her name is tawny kitaen. she was in a movie called witchboard.<br />so if you don't quit fooling around and admit to yourself how much this band truly ROCKS you need to check yourself at the door. <br />i'm serious.
B000000HZZ|4.0|Sometime around 1979 or so, the members of British rock band Japan had an identity crisis. They realized that the disco/hard rock/New York Dolls sound they were pursuing was not resulting in major record sales. Their second album, &quot;Obscure Alternatives&quot;, was barely passable, and it must have been quite obvious to Japan that the future of their musical career was in question. So they did something very unexpected: they jumped over onto the Kraftwerk/Gary Numan/Devo highway, changed their hairstyles in a radical fashion, and recorded a smashing album called &quot;Quiet Life&quot;, which many believe to be the first real New Wave or New Romantic album. Singer David Sylvian changed his raspy sass of a singing voice to a smooth pair of pipes that managed to be sensual, smart, and sentimental all at the same time. Unlike Numan and the others, Japan was able to sound human and emotional, mechanical bleeps and blurbs notwithstanding. Their rhythm section alone set them apart from their contemporaries, consisting as it did of Sylvian's hard-hitting yet jazzy brother on drums, and some wildman bassist throwing out fretless licks all over the place. Anyway, &quot;Gentlemen...&quot; was Japan's second album as a New Wave band, and features a cool, dancy, happyish title track, a slinky little number called &quot;Swing&quot;, a couple of instrumentals that are kind of eerie (&quot;The Art of Swimming&quot; makes me think of someone skinny dipping in a dreary indoor pool in the Soviet Union, sometime in the winter of 1981 or so), an extraordinarily well-written and moving ditty called &quot;Methods of Dance&quot; (with some Japanese girl on background vocals in the chorus, and a great saxophone part), and a yearning piano and vocal masterpiece that calls itself &quot;Nightporter&quot;, which hints at things naughty and beautiful. The other songs are great as well. Buy this album if you're the slightest bit interested in the why's and wherefore's of early 80's dance-pop.
B0000C0FJB|1.0|I can't believe all the good reviews of this album. I consider myself a casual Rush fan, periodically buying their records for the last 27 years. Prior to release I was excited to read they would include Working Man and other early material. After one listen I considered it a waste of $20. CD one bogs down after New World Man and the energy doesn't pickup again until Freewill. There is nothing redeeming here, on CD three you get cheated out of a minute and a half of Working Man. And what's with The Trees again? Why not Red Barchetta? There may be bootlegs from this tour with better sound. If you must buy this CD, borrow a copy first. I'll stick with Different Stages. This album is nothing more than a rack warmer.
B0000C6E4D|1.0|Ok, i know this is going to sound a bit odd, but just by looking at the cover of this album, somehow i knew this cd would be dissapointing. <BR>I have always loved her for her esquisite voice, her originality, but the cover alone spoke volumes to me, ordinary, average, dare i say it looked like a jewel album cover?..*vomits*.<BR>First off as a huge fan, i hate to say that i really think this is a terrible album, like most i agree that &quot;fallen&quot; is the standout track here...as far as &quot;stupid&quot; and the rest of the lot goes...nothing is orginal here, not only uninspiring but just not good by any stretch...it's been done before and suffice to say i am shocked that sarah would allow such trash to be released, am i being harsh?...maybe, because we as fans expect something amazing, and maybe for michelle branch or Dido this would be an amazing cd, but this is Sarah we are talking about   and wow is all i can say.....i spent my hard earned cash on this?  of course her voice sounds as lovely as usual, but it sounds like she took the melodies from previous albums and beat them to death with overdubs and slight lyrical changes and came up with a confusing mess of an album, it begins promising with a haunting tune that reminds of us why we love and adore her, and then the wretching begings....&quot;stupid&quot; is the most out an out commercial song she has every written, and im sure 13 year olds will be humming the song incoherantly in school hallways soon, this album seems rushed, overdone and immature..of course all this goes to say this album will sell millions and be a huge commercial success for Sarah, let the wretching begin....
0385504209|4.0|Many reviewers call this book &quot;an intelligent thriller&quot;, which surprises me a bit. For me &quot;intelligent thriller&quot; is sinonimouse to &quot;clever&quot; and, thankfully, such novels are not that rare. I'd call it an INTELLECTUAL thriller. It's main strength and most dazzling parts are not action, but historical theories.<br />Now, that's refreshing. Many novels were based on different historical theories, but it's the first one to make the theory the center of the novel, and not just a background for shooting and explosions.<br />I enjoyed reading this novel a great deal. The pace of the novel is good. There is not much in the way of actual action - it's mostly talking, really, but it's engaiging talking.<br />As the novel touches upon history of the christianity, I believe, that some people will find it offensive. But in reality it's no more offensive then some historical novel about Inqusition in that it doesn't say anything against Christian faith, but raises some questions with catholic church.<br />The main drawback of the novel is that Mr.Brown played with the actual facts to fit them better into his theory. While this is allright in any other book, it's NOT in this kind. It's the same as playing with numbers in your accounting.
B000067J1H|1.0|edward norton is in it. and so is brad pit. and little shots of penises here and there. i mean COME ON! soap made of fat? a secret &quot;fight club?&quot; <br />i've heard that this was a book before this was a movie - which is good, cause i don't want to read ANY book that's as bad as this movie was.
0156027321|5.0|I am surprised that I haven't found a reviewer shared what I saw from the book.  <BR>If there is a message in this book makes it extrornidary and inspiring, it is that the belief in God is what makes us human beings and others animals. Of course every one of us has the animal instinct - technically we are animals, on a different level. Religion(s)don't make us superior but it makes us survive more intelligently.  <BR>There is no alternative in the ending. The tiger is the animal in Pi. It is his survival instinct. Yet it is the human Pi made the right decisions at the right moments to keep them both alive till rescued. While some people complain that religious people are hypocrits, look at the two Japanese who interviewed Pi at the end of the book. To them the story with the tiger is not believable yet between that one and the reality (the French cook killed the sailor and the mother and was killed by Pi) they chose the unbelivabel. They are intelligent enough to recognize Pi is the tiger yet they can't accept the crulty of us, human beings. This is an outstanding book and not just another Robinson Cruso because it digs deep in our self-seeking and we triumphed because we have faith and beliefs.
B0000CD5FN|5.0|I grew up to the Clash so I had to give this piece of Joe Strummer's work a chance.  I don't regret it one bit.  This is something a Clash fan can enjoy as well as a more laid back fan such as myself.  <BR>Kudos to the late Mr. Strummer.
B000002UAR|5.0|In 1966, the Beatles created what many people know as the greatest album of all time. And it is hard to disagree with those people. Granted, all their albums are amazing, but &quot;Revolver&quot; stands as one of their two best (the best probably going to &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;) with songs such as &quot;Taxman&quot;, &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;, &quot;Here There and Everywhere&quot;, and the incredible &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; and about 10 more excellent songs make this a must have for anyone (even if you are not a music fan). This album will be around until the end of time and probably longer.
B00000JLWW|2.0|First off, the movie is a classic, epic, love story.  I give the DVD 2 stars only because the transfer is beautiful.  I find it absolutely absurd that Paramount has released such a bare-bones version of this film.  It was a HUGE success and there are so many documentaries, deleted scenes, music videos, storyboards, interviews, etc that SHOULD HAVE BEEN INCLUDED!  If they want to release a 10th Anniversary edition in 2007 thats fine, but they should have dropped the price on this crapper YEARS ago!  25 bucks? 19 bucks?  Are you kidding me?  It should have dropped to 14.99 at least 2 years ago!  UUGGHH!!  While TERRIBLE FILMS like '8 Crazy Nights' and 'Hulk' get the 2 disc treatment, the Academy Award winning TITANIC gets 1 disc with NO special features?  Whats wrong with this picture?
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Excellent Metal act for Dream Theater, with a \\"classic\\"-\\"deth-mustaine\\"\\" & \\"melodic\\" vocals by Labrie. Very power-aggresive guitar cynic riffs, and \\"dynamo-fierce\\" solos by Petrucci, and of course the \\"majestic\\" duo: technnical blast drums & distort-punch bass tunes performed by Portnoy-Myung. Rudess gives another way of performance keyboards ambience, sometimes very basic, sometimes very overflow. Interest metal-melodic album. Very different and opposite direction like the past two-albums.<BR>In other words: Train Of Thought is a Excellent-effort production and really Kick 'ass...<BR>Just listen & Enjoy this 7 \\"metal-melodic-virtuoso\\" tracks.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I was raised with musical like My Fair Lady, Funny Girl, etc.  I started watching Moulin Rouge just because my daughter had rented it, and within minutes, I was captivated!!  Ewan MacGregor's version of &quot;Your Song&quot; is incredible; the orchestral part of the song is breathtaking...it soars!  Nicole Kidman's &quot;One Day I'll Fly Away&quot; is lovely and haunting.  But when the two get together on &quot;Come What May&quot; it's perfect.  I wish that the CD had the version that is in the movie, featuring more of Ms. Kidman, though.  Most of the rest of the songs are good, however Jim Broadbent's &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; could have definitely been left off of the CD...it's a waste of his talent.  This is one soundtrack that I have several copies of...my car, my computer, my CD player...they're everywhere!  Don't miss this one; you'll regret it!
B000002UAX|5.0|It was thirty five years ago today and the Beatles were pop music's saviors. In a world that not long before had believed &quot;guitar music&quot; was on it's way out, the Beatles became arguably the greatest pop culture phenomenon ever. From the release of &quot;Love Me Do&quot; to the last strains of &quot;Her Majesty&quot; eight years later, the Beatles music changed everything. This album, the self-titled, so-called &quot;White Album&quot; is possibly the supreme example of this bands musical diversity. No, not every track is a rock classic, but every track IS a pop culture gem and a wonderful look into the psyche of the greatest rock and roll band of all time. Songs such as &quot;Back In the U.S.S.R.&quot; and &quot;Mother Nature's Son&quot; and still Paul McCartney's bread and butter on the road and nothing has emerged in the last  thirty five years that could touch Lennon's &quot;I'm So Tired&quot; or &quot;Yer Blues&quot; for youthful angst. George contributes one of the most beautiful songs ever written with &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; (which, for my money also contains one of the best guitar solos ever courtesy of Eric Clapton) and Ringo, along with his always rock steady drumming, puts forward his first Ringo original, a charming funny little country song called &quot;Don't Pass Me By.&quot; All in all, this album alone is as diverse a collection of songs as was ever produced. If you don't like balads, play one of the rockers, you don't like loud, play one of the contemplative, more reflective numbers. This album belongs in your collection!! Pass it up if you want, but don't be surprised twenty years from now, when people are still buying this record long after your Britney's and Justin's have faded from memory.<br />&quot;And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.&quot;
0385504209|3.0|Overall, I found this book to be extremely cheesy. But there were interesting ideas. The times set aside for holidays were chosen based on existing pagan holidays. Romanesque churches still standing today are believed by some scholars to be the work of rural pagan craftsmen who put sly references to their belief of male/female equality and such.<br />Oh! And this document concerning PS leadership includes French film maker Jean Cocteau.
B0000TB04G|5.0|I just started listening to Shaina Twain's CD and I thought she was fantastic.  Her signing voice is just awesome.  I missed her Chicago Concert on TV and I heard that was a good concert so I reserved one copy for my own viewing.  Way to go Shaina.  Your my favorite female country singer of all time.
B0000057C5|5.0|This is the greatest band of all time.  You can listen to it on all occasions; being mad, wanting to be mad, and thinking about a time when you were mad.  This music kicks incomprehensible amounts of a** and everyone who's anyone knows it.
B000005IRG|5.0|Marquee Moon often appears on many respectable top 50 CD lists, yet very few people have had the opprotunity to get lost within its grace. Two guitars playing totally different styles clash with the hi-hats of Billy Ficca and the bass of Fred Smith (Blondie). Tom Verlaine (Miller) delivers the crooning guitar solos while Richard Lloyd brings about the scalar runs and techinicality of the group. This a punk band, but not the conventional three chord band. Granted The Ramones rock, this band really knows how to play.<br />Each song is a journey through heaven, hell, and everywhere in between. The dual guitars flow perfectly in each song. \\"See No Evil\\" opens the album up with an immediate array of talent. The solo blows me away each time. The way the guitars blend is just amazing. They make everything sound busy while keeping the music clean and easy to listen to. \\"Venus\\" has a killer chorus which is really just the guitar. The tone is so beautiful I feel like crying knowing I can't replicate it. \\"Friction\\" shows you the childlike humor this band has. Just like \\"Hard On Love\\" and \\"Love Comes In Spurts\\" which Television used to play when Richard Hell was the bassist, this song has a sexy type humor. After being knocked off your feet by the first three songs, you'll get kicked in the stomach by \\"Marquee Moon.\\" Verlaine's voice has such a wild ache in it, I'm constantly wondering how this band didn't make it big. \\"Marquee Moon\\" shows just how different Verlaine and Lloyd play. The first solo is a conventional rock solo, descending down scales. That would be Lloyd. The second one is a slow build up into a massive climax; Verlaine's masterpiece. The guitar longs for something that is unknown, just like his singing. If you were already knocked out cold by the album, the ending of the song revives you so you can bless your ears with the rest of the CD. \\"Elevation\\" would be the first dark song on the album. For lack of a better term, it's a rainy day song. Richard Lloyd's solois flawless. \\"Guiding Light\\" is the exact inverse of \\"Elevation.\\" It's a ballad and is really a great contribution to the album. After hearing two songs which showed how diversified Television is, \\"Prove It\\" throws you back to the rock of \\"Friction.\\" It's a cult favorite and once you hear it, you'll know why. \\"Torn Curtain\\" is another downer. It's and extremly dark song. After this comes the extra tracks.<br />This album is, well, lanky. I'm sorry, but that word is just such a perfect word to describe the album. It's one of those things you have to hear. Do yourself and favor and drop the coporate stuff being shoved down your throat and listen to Television. One of the greatest punk bands, correction, one of the greatest bands of all time can not go without everyone hearing them at least once. If you like guitars, if you like Alt music, if you like to rock to something different yet familiar, Marquee Moon is just what you need.
B0000BWVCJ|5.0|well, what can I say? this film is getting better from time to time. the time has changed. the mutant has developed and became more stronger. this is the best movie i've ever seen that been taken from the comic book. i like the way Brian Singer direct Halle as Fabulous Storm. two thumbs up for Hugh Jackman and Kelly Hu. Deathstrike vs Wolverine. unbeliveable.<br />i think i can't wait to see the next edition of X-men. when does Brian Singer will release X3???<BR>can't wait to see another action of Logan plus Jubilee and Shadowcat and... Mystique [my favorite mutant after Storm and i'm dislike of Cyclops ...
B000063CMK|5.0|After becoming an absolutely huge Pain of Salvation fan, I finally feel like I understand them enough to review an album of theirs.  The music is so complex and there is so much to it that even I, a hardcore fan, took about 6 months and over 20 listens to really start to comprehend what these guys are trying to accomplish.  I chose this album because it is probably the hardest of their work to get into.  So, here it goes...<br /><br />  Enough can not be said about Daniel Gildenlow's musical talent.  He is criticezed my some who don't understand his vocal ability, but is hailed by many.  He takes elements of Korn, Faith No More, and Judas Priest and creates his own style.  Of course, he can do all three voices by himself, effectively creating a vocal scale that is absolutely staggering.  The first time I heard a PoS album, I thought there was three different singers, so you can imagine the range.<br /><br />  Not only his voice, but his song writing talent is amazing.  He is the lead guitarist and main songwriter of everything they do.  You can tell he pours his heart out into his music, allowing the listener to either be repulsed by his talents or fall in love with them.<br /><br /> The overall complexity of the music is exteremely original. At first listen, you are reminded of Dream Theater a little, but that quickly gets thrown out of the window once you listen to a full album.  Maybe the technical skill is not quite as high (though, I assure you, it is DEFINETELY there) as DT, the complexity of the music makes Dream Theater look like Blink 182.  The drummer and keyboardist seem to be used much differently then most progressive bands use them.  The keyboards are simply a piano for most of the music.  But do not think the music isn't heavy.  They effectively use a piano and create hard rock.  And the drums, well the drummer is out of his mind.  His abilities have steadily gotten better since 'Entropia' and I would consider them amazing at this point. The way he not only creates a beautiful rhythm, but also accents Daniel's voice is phenomenal.  This is the first band I have ever heard that pulls such a process off everry song, not just in little parts.<br /><br />As for this album in particular, it is the next logical progression in the band.  After creating a dream-like 'The Perfect Element', they created something that combined their earlier metal-tendencies with the progression on TPE.  It is their most realized effort as of yet, though I truly believe they have not reached their climax as a band yet.<br /><br />For the hardcore PoS fans, this album will confuse yet intrigue you.  At first listen, you will not make out what you think about it, but I assure you that you will enjoy the entire album in time.  Such stands out as &quot;Trace of Blood' and 'Rope Ends' will turn into some of your favorite PoS songs of all time.  For the people looking for a new progressive band to listen to, I demand you get some Pain of Salvation.  They are one of the few people in the present-era progressive movement that not only have talent, but are creative and have a soul for their art.  Progressive music has turned into show-off music, and this is anything but.  But, I have to admit, for the first time listeners, this is not the album for you.  I would start at either 'Entropia' if you want something heavy or 'The Perfect Element' if you want beautiful songwriting.  But, I assure you if you like them, you will love 'Remedy Lane'ly creates a beautiful rhythm, but also accents Daniel's voice is phenomenal.  This is the first band I have ever heard that pulls such a process off everry song, not just in little parts. <BR><br />As for this album in particular, it is the next logical progression in the band.  After creating a dream-like 'The Perfect Element', they created something that combined their earlier metal-tendencies with the progression on TPE.  It is their most realized effort as of yet, though I truly believe they have not reached their climax as a band yet.<BR><br />For the hardcore PoS fans, this album will confuse yet intrigue you.  At first listen, you will not make out what you think about it, but I assure you that you will enjoy the entire album in time.  Such stands out as &quot;Trace of Blood' and 'Rope Ends' will turn into some of your favorite PoS songs of all time.  For the people looking for a new progressive band to listen to, I demand you get some Pain of Salvation.  They are one of the few people in the present-era progressive movement that not only have talent, but are creative and have a soul for their art.  Progressive music has turned into show-off music, and this is anything but.  But, I have to admit, for the first time listeners, this is not the album for you.  I would start at either 'Entropia' if you want something heavy or 'The Perfect Element' if you want beautiful songwriting.  But, I assure you if you like them, you will love 'Remedy Lane'
B0000BWVCL|1.0|Just terrible.  The first one sucked, and the second one, wait a minute, wait, oh, oh, it sucked even worse.  I wouldn't have thought it possible that a movie could be worse than the first X-Men, but the sequel to that P.O.S. proved me wrong.  This isn't a review like my normal ones (to bash things that deserve savage beatings), this is a warning.  A warning NOT to purchase this or any movie in any relativity to it.
6305127689|5.0|From the opening moments, as dawn breaks over the flight deck of an aircraft carrier, to the critical moment when a pilot must choose to embrace his destiny and engage in a battle to save the day, Top Gun is a fun and exciting adventure of one man's quest for greatness.<br />This is not a deep, philosophical movie by the stretch of anyone's imagination.  It is pure fun, the hybrid of a script that is as slick and quick as the fighter jets that scream onto the screen again and again in the several action sequences of the movie.  <br />The story, set around the Miramara Fighter School in California, (affectionately referred to by fighter jocks as &quot;Top Gun&quot;,) is based around the life of a rogue and rebellious pilot, &quot;Maverick&quot;, (Tom Cruise) and his flight partner and friend, &quot;Goose&quot;, (Anthony Edwards).  When an aerial engagement goes wrong over the Pacific Ocean, Maverick saves the day, rescuing his wing man from an uncertain fate and coming face to face with the legendary MIG-28.  Later, when his wingman resigns his position as their squadron leader, Maverick takes his place and is given a chance to attend &quot;Top Gun&quot; figher school, which has been a dream of his since he can remember.<br />Maverick and Goose travel to Miramara, and on their first night there, Maverick meets Charlotte &quot;Charlie&quot; Blackwood, (Kelly McGillis), the fighter-school's beautiful, saavy enagement and tactical instructor.  He, of course, is not aware of this and he tries desperately to &quot;pick her up&quot; to win a bet with Goose.  The following morning, he learns the truth, and begins to pursue her.  As expected, she becomes the love interest in the movie.<br />As their training progresses, Maverick runs headlong into rival pilot &quot;Iceman&quot; (Val Kilmer) and challenges the instructors of the school &quot;Jester&quot; (Michael Ironside) and &quot;Viper&quot; (Tom Skeritt), often pushing his luck and getting himself into trouble, while at the same time demonstrating his superior talent as a Tomcat pilot.  In a tragic event, Maverick loses control of his jet and ejects, along with Goose, who is killed in the process.<br />The remainder of the film focuses on Maverick's struggle to overcome the loss of Goose and his personal feelings of guilt for Goose's death.  In addition, Maverick, whose father died as a fighter pilot, struggles with the reality that he is always second best to his old man, and is forced to recognize that his skills make him one of the best, despite the adversities in his life.<br />The movie plays like an elaborate rock video, with a solid soundtrack featuring many top talents of that era.  The flight sequences are impressive, especially for anyone who has a fascination with military aircraft.  The story is predictable, as so many films in this genre are, but it in no way detracts from the enjoyment of the film.   The characters are fun, though at times laughable, but definitely people that we care for by the end of the film.<br />This movie was the breakout role for Tom Cruise, who lead a cast of up-and-coming talent like the aforementioned actors as well as small, supporting roles by mainstram Hollywood talents Meg Ryan and Tim Robbins.  It was also one of the breakout films for director Tony Scott (brother of legendary director Ridley Scott), who went on to direct a number of other successful films including &quot;Crimson Tide&quot;, &quot;Days of Thunder&quot; and &quot;Enemy of the State.&quot;<br />Scott Kolecki
B0000DYJM6|5.0|must of these songs that never made pjs albums would be the best songs on other bands real albums
B00000DGUM|5.0|Now, who the hell gave that name &quot;hair band&quot; to all those hard rock heroes of 80's ? This Skidrow CD is a must buy for everyone, including hip hopper kids too! because we're talking the best of Bach's and Snake's here. Hard rocking tunes like &quot;Beat yourself blind&quot;, &quot;Youth gone wild&quot;, ballads like &quot;18 &amp; life&quot;, painful &quot;Wasted time&quot; and culmination of the CD - the almighty &quot;I remember you&quot; will take you on tour through real life. There are lots of good tracks on this one as well, just too much to wright.<br />I also recommend Skid's B-Sides CD, cause Bach kicks ass and blows all high tweeters away on the cover of late Jimmy Hendrix's &quot;Little wing&quot;. Sebastien Bach has a rock angel voice.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|I'm a bit suprised by the diversity of the reviews here. In my opinion Dream Theater delivers another great album which without a doubt deserves 5 stars. I can understand that some people like other DT albums better - that is ofcourse a matter of taste. What I don't understand that people who say they've been fans for years rate this album with 2 or even 1 star. It might like other DT albums better, but I still think this an typical DT album with some amazing songs on it. My advice to those people: listen to it a couple of more times to get used to it and I'm pretty sure you will learn te appricate it more!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|For all Sci-Fi enthusiasts, who know the show, buy this DVD!  True fans wouldn't require anything less.  If you are searching around listen up!<br />The DVD will include 3 unseen episodes that I am personally dying to see, since every episode is action pacted, has fantastic characters that you'll love, and plenty of wit.  This show is a hidden jem worth your time and money to view.<br />DON'T let the whole western in a Sci-fi this has gotta be corny get you.  This show excells in all areas of entertainment
B0000DBJDM|5.0|First of all, the original concert film in Pompeii is the best part. The performance itself was and always has been amazing. Now the picture and sound have been incredibly  re-mastered. For a film that was shot in the 70s, the footage of the band performing in the amphitheater is now incredibly crisp and vibrant on the DVD. I've only seen the concert on VHS once about seven years ago, but I've watched the DVD version about ten times (ah, the joy of not having to rewind!). The empty amphitheater creates an eerie yet artistic setting. The sound, although only stereo, absolutely rocks.<br />I enjoyed the director's cut because it gave me a lot of insight on Pompeii and the state of Pink Floyd around the time the concert was filmed. <br />The DVD also has interviews of the band members during the recording of Dark Side of the Moon. It was intriguing to see clips of their recording sessions.<br />Overall, I thought it was a great DVD.
B00004Z400|3.0|This cd could have been truly phenomenal if every song was like digital bath, hands down the best song the deftones have ever recorded. One reason digital bath is such a great song is because chino sings rather than screams, and experiments with the extremes of his vocal range without making it sound vulgar. Another reason is the softer approach taken, as this song could harly be classified as heavy metal and as a result is much more satisfying than the rest of the material on this album. If the deftones are looking to take a new approach to thier music, songs like digital bath and teenager should be the direction they are looking to take. There are other good songs on this album, but the fact that digital bath blows them all away shows that the deftones should be striving for something more than simply this, because they are capable of it.
B0000CDLA7|1.0|From the perspective of a progressive rock lover, this album just plain sucks (for lack of a better word).  I loved the bands two previous albums Metropolis Part 2 and Six Degrees...as well as the older stuff (Images and Words etc.) but this CD is just plain brutal.  This CD to my ears sounds like Metallica, which some people may like, it's just not for me.  Petrucci's solos (even from the perspective of a 16 year old guitarist) lack any melody, emotion, and thought in composition.  The riffs may be heavy, but musically, they are very bland and uninteresting, usually consisting of only one or two palm-muted power chords.  Rudess'brilliant keyboard work is barely audible here, as is Myung's bass (but that's to be expected from DT).  The time signatures barely get out of 4/4 and Portnoy's drumming is, as usual, over the top and overly self-indulgent.  If you like simple metal with great chops you may enjoy this album, but if you enjoy a good prog album, stick to Yes'Close to the Edge, or Magma's Mekanik Destructiw Kommandoh.  I am now going to go frisbee this CD out of my bedroom window.
B0000CDLA7|1.0|after waiting for a long time, i was hoping to get to hear a real good cd of my favourite band ever. a friend joined me and we where really excited what we where about to hear. but the excitement was gone after the first song. we did hope dream theater wouldnt continiue writing like 6Degrees, but they did.<BR>nothing new to me, after all, there are millions of bands playing the same stuff, even better. thats not what i expected.<BR>shame on you, dream theater!
B0000C4GQV|5.0|Man, did Roadrunner USA mess up by letting these guys go.  This album might be the best metal release of the year.  For those claiming that Machine Head isn't real metal, get over it and take a listen - if this isn't metal, I don't know what is.  Bone-crushing riffs, intense drums, and some pretty technical time changes (new for MH) make this album a must-have for any metalhead.  Robb Flynn's voice has become, over the years, much more polished melodically, while losing NONE of the spine-tingling roar that he's been known for.  The guitar tone is back up to overdrive, something they were known for on their debut album, Burn My Eyes.  Phil Demmel, former co-axeman with Robb in the 80's thrash metal outfit Vio-Lence, has joined the band full-time and isn't afraid to unleash some flat out jaw-dropping riffs.  Phil and Robb trade solos in songs such as \\"Vim\\" and \\"Descend the Shades of Night\\".  Dave McClain on drums pounds out the rhythms with more ferocity than ever before, exhibiting some almost Fear Factory-esque double kicks on the album's infernal opener, \\"Imperium\\".  Adam Duce is singing backup vocals again, adding his rasp to the bludgeoning ending of \\"In the Presence of My Enemies\\".  A track-by-track review:<br />1. Imperium (10/10) - Quite possibly the best opener MH has ever done - this song bounces along at a frenetic pace with Gothenburg guitars during the bridge!  A stunning opening track that will leave you short of breath and begging for more.<br />2. Bite the Bullet (9/10) - Robb is spitting venom into the microphone in this one. Starts off with mellow verses, but has a bone-smashing pre-chorus and chorus.<br />3. Left Unfinished (7/10) - Maybe the weakest song on the album, but still damn good! Moves along at a fast pace, but has a repetitive chorus that slows it down too much.  Great lyrics though - very moving.<br />4. Elegy (9/10) - Very creepy sounding chorus in this short midpaced number.<br />5. In the Presence of My Enemies (10/10) - Quite possibly the most revolutionary song Machine Head has ever done. Robb's lyrics are psychotic, and the main riff is about as heavy as it gets. Phil's solo is slightly twisted. The ending of the song is a throwback to Burn My Eyes, almost fooling you into thinking the song is over, but then kicking it back into overdrive for a brutal closing. An amazing track.<br />6. Days Turn Blue to Grey (10/10) - A great song with an unorthodox approach.  Starts out with a rocklike tempo. The bridge is an eye-opener with its tremendous melody, transitioning seamlessly into another crushing ending.<br />7. Vim (9/10) - A strange song. The way the words are layered on the rhythms almost doesn't click in my head. This is an unusual approach for MH, but it works very well. Great solos in the end and tremendous drumwork by Dave McClain throughout.<br />8. All Falls Down (9/10) - With Robb's mellow singing, the beginning of this one almost sounds like a b-side from Supercharger.. and then it kicks into a thick, crunchy riff with the trademark Machine Head harmonics. The bridge here is stunning as well - Adam and Robb make it unforgettable with their mega-melodic back-and-forth tradeoffs.<br />9. Wipe the Tears (9/10) - A very cool song with great lyrics, one of the better choruses on the album, and an awesome bridge with twin-guitar melody.<br />10. Descend the Shades of Night (10/10) - Awesome song! This one showcases the tremendous melody these guys are capable of. The solos in this one are terrific - Flynn and Demmel layer their melodies perfectly for a bittersweet ending to an amazing album.<br />Winners: Imperium, In the Presence of My Enemies<br />All in all, a great effort from the Machine Head boys.  Someone please sign these guys so they can get the US recognition they deserve!  And if you haven't seen their live show, prepared for some pure brutality.
B000062YB1|5.0|I went to the Clash of the Titans tour to see my favorite bands, Megadeth and Anthrax.  Hell I even bought Facelift because i happened to catch the video for \\"We Die Young\\".  I knew absolutely nothing about Slayer before that night.  They came on second, after AIC.  Despite the fact that I had never heard them (had heard of them), and was there to see my favorite bands, I left Pine Knob with a new favorite band.  From the opening seconds to the finale of Angel Of Death, I was rivetted.  <br />The following day I scrounged up all of my available money, scammed a ride to the record store, and bought Seasons.  I took it home, locked my door, played it beyond my stereo's threshhold, and emerged with a new definition of what metal can and should be.<br />Seasons is by far my favorite Slayer album.  Reign and South come close, but the sentimental attachment of Seasons is unshakable.  This is the tape I would listen to in the locker room before we hit the field to play football in high school.  It just got my blood boiling, I had to go out and kill everyone not wearing green.  (BTW, in my two varsity years, we went 25-1.  only loss was in the finals my junior year , we got our revenge the next year.)<br />War Ensemble just set things off with such ferocity, my adrenaline is starting to pump just thinking about it.<br />Dead Skin Mask is one of the best metal tunes EVER!<br />Hallowed Point is top five, and the title track is up there with anything Sabbath has ever written (no disrespect to Mr Iommi).<br />Reign In Blood is the album that seems trendy to call their best.  Maybe it's my constant need to go against popular opinion, but Seasons is the album I think of when I hear someone mention Slayer.<br />(btw, the show in Grand Rapids on Halloween was fantastic)
B00005JM02|5.0|Dorie definitely steals the show... her lines are history making... our favorites?   &quot;Give me some fin... noggin... Duuuude&quot;  This is by far the best, laughable disney film. My kids, in their teens love the story line, lines, etc... This is undoubtedly one of those movies worth buying, and watching again and again. Hilarious... Dorie provides nonstop entertainment.
0800177363|5.0|This was one of the most outstanding movies I have ever seen. I have just resently seen this movie for the first time and I could watch it over and over again. I was touched by this movie,and was inspired in so many ways! I give it 5 stars and would recommend it to anyone.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|great dvd. definitely a classic. Pacino is really talented and the story is good. Though i like The Godfather better.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|A viewer from Boston, Ma. wrote:<br />How can a review be written on something not yet released?<br />I own the Legacy box set on DVD so this is not the first time Aliens is on DVD as one reviewer wrote. I normally don't even bother with the reviews posted here but these got me going.<br />What the previous reviewer you were referring to was trying to say is that the original \\"Aliens\\" (the non-extended version) will be released for the first time on DVD.  This DVD box set is the box set of all BOX SETS!  Hands down.  You've got both the original theatrical version and the extended director versions of all four films, huge commentaries of all four films, hours and hours of extras and quite simply the best digital transfer technology this side of the digital universe.  You can't go wrong with this set at a price that isn't breakin the bank either.  I used to think that my \\"Nightmare on Elm Street\\" box set was the bomb.  That shadows in comparison to what this gem will be.  It's what fans have been waiting for and all the really cool scenes from Alien 3 will be here for everyone to view-FINALLY!!  Don't miss out December 2003!
B000000WJK|1.0|I discovered the Verve in 1998 after hearing their brilliant single, \\"Bitter Sweet Symphony,\\" from their record \\"Urban Hymns\\"  (1997).  My wife bought me \\"Urban Hymns\\" and I loved the rest of it.  Shortly thereafter, The Verve broke up and Richard Ashcroft went solo.  I've followed Ashcroft since, but curiosity led me to explore the Verve's back catalog.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed with \\"A Storm in Heaven.\\"  My main problem is with the production values. The sound quality of \\"A Storm in Heaven\\" isn't poor; it's offensive.  This is one of those CDs you have to keep turning up because it never sounds loud enough.  It actually sounds like a bad bootleg at times.<br /><br />I don't understand why bands bury a record under waves of reverb - unless, of course, they have something to hide. In this case, it's probably the songs themselves: monotonous long-form grooves that drone on with no development or direction.  (There is definitely a stoner ethic at work here, which might explain the record's appeal in some quarters.) On \\"Virtual World,\\" the instruments actually sound out of tune. There's no hint of the brilliance that manifested itself on \\"Urban Hymns,\\" which remains one of my favorite albums of the 1990's.<br /><br />Anyone intrigued by late 90's Verve would do well to skip this one and move on to Richard Ashcroft's fine solo records.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I can't say enough. I wish there were more stars to add to the above 5. He is incredible. The song selection couldn't be better.<BR>I can't wait to see him on tour.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|It reminds me of the movie American Beauty by how the music and visuals I get move me. Thomas Newman who did the music of American Beauty has a feeling for what will stir emotions  in people, and so did APC when they made and recorded this album. If you hear different you are hearing wrong.
B0000025DD|5.0|David Gilmour's personal single-song masterpiece is without doubt The Wall's &quot;Comfortably Numb,&quot; but his talent as a musician, singer, and lyricist in Pink Floyd was too often cancelled by Roger Water's apparent insistence upon using Floyd's bully pulpit to tweak various political and cultural noses.  Not that that doesn't have a place, but it was too often to the detriment--maybe Water's self-centered intent all along?--of Gilmour's musicianship.<br />With this album, Gilmour was able to escape Pink Floyd's shackles and demonstrate that he had talent to burn relative to what Floyd had enabled him to display.  I also get the feeling that these were compositions he had kept in his back pocket and would not have let Waters anywhere near for fear that Pink Floyd might have bent them out of recognition.<br />&quot;Mihalis&quot; and &quot;Cry from the Street&quot; are wonderful, but vastly different, instrumental pieces, while &quot;There's No Way Out of Here&quot; and &quot;Short and Sweet&quot; are also highlights--the latter features some great wall of sound effect.<br />This is also a reunification of an earlier band, Bullitt, which featured Gilmour, Rick Wills on bass, and Willie Wilson on drums. (Bullitt disbanded when Gilmour moved on to Pink Floyd to replace the not quite dependable Syd Barrett.)  Wills (who went on to stints with Peter Frampton, Roxy Music, and Foreigner) and Wilson provide steady, understated support on this album, letting Gilmour shine through.<br />This album is David Gilmour at his best.  The subsequent &quot;About Face&quot; had some good points but was not as strong overall, and Bob Ezrin's production really got in the way.  The sad thing is that the album is now about 25 years old, and he hasn't done anything even close to it since then.<br />If you want to hear what David Gilmour might have sounded like had there never ever been a Pink Floyd, this would be it.
B00000AFFF|4.0|Elvis Costello has long been an unabashed fan of Burt Bacharach. Be it from an early recording of \\"I Just Don't Know What to do With Myself\\" on the \\"Live Stiffs\\" album to his claim that he really wanted Dusty Springfield to record \\"Tiny Steps,\\" the once angry young man secretly longed to create mini-masterpieces like \\"Do You Know The Way To San Jose.\\" When he finally did get the chance to make a song happen with Bacharach, it was the Oscar and Grammy nominated stunner, \\"God Give Me Strength.\\" (Which, by the way, is the best song here.) A brilliant recreation of Dionne Warwick/Dusty Springfield breathy longing, it mirrored the kind of sixties/seventies productions that pillowed Bacarach's career. It was obvious that an album was soon to follow.<br />\\"Painted From Memory\\" has got to be one of the most unlikeliest of four star recordings in my collection. Costello is in obvious awe of his collaborator and the compositions. His usual caustic wit is sheathed and he must place greater reliance on writing lyrics that say more with their punches pulled than with their knives out. \\"Were you so unhappy then? You never said\\" he asks on \\"This House is Empty Now.\\" The Elvis of old would have likely shot off an additional barbed couplet, but instead, he lets it dangle with juicy heartache. His singing is at its best since \\"Trust.\\" Never a man of astonishing vocal range, Costello let's it all hang out here. The pristine orchestrations and arrangements are also highly complimentary to the songs, pretty much nudging Elvis to deliver more nuanced performances without sounding campy or cliched. Given Bacharach's long history of flourish and sweeps, the two make near a perfect foil for each other.<br />And song after song is flawless. Probably more than any albums since \\"Brutal Youth\\" or \\"The Juliet Letters,\\" these songs Elvis composed with Bacharach are worthy of an entire album's worth of listening. I doubt if even he thought the man writing \\"My Aim Is True\\" or \\"This Year's Model\\" would ever sit at a table and created something as forlorn as \\"In My Darkest Place\\" without a hint of rancor. He's not angry anymore, but he still knows how to pack a wallop. And even better, Bacharach knew how to cushion them.uld ever sit at a table and created something as forlorn as \\"In My Darkest Place\\" without a hint of rancor. He's not angry anymore, but he still knows how to pack a wallop. And even better, Bacharach knew how to cushion them.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|I think this album sounds mostly just like their 2001 debut epic Is This It with a few minor changes such as a taste for blues and reggae displayed on some songs but aside from this it its slice from the same pie. I would say the only things I really dont like about this album is the length, it clocks in at just above half an hour. And that ladies and gentlemen is wayyyyy too short even for a punk album. I believe there should be a disclaimer sticker that says &quot;if your looking for length dont expect much here&quot;. But that being said you are looking for a good, short, fun cd to listen to than this is it indeed. This album is a lot better than the crap floating around out there these days such as the new Limp Bizkit album or those dumb &quot;punk&quot; bands like Good Charlotte or Simple Plan. If your looking for the retro sound of the Velvet Underground mixed with the Cars than this is a great album to purchase.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|i absolutely love this album,its different than the first which i also love .. this group of musicians is amazing. They also put on a great show I would highly recommend this record<br />p
B000000WJZ|5.0|Much better than overrated \\"mellon Colie\\", \\"siamese dream\\" contains about hour of powerfull and emotional music that can be compared with nothing else.Billy Corgan composed marvelous songs - not any weak spot.Lot of Guitar soundscapes,great drumming,Excellent bass playing and of Course Billy's lyrics and voice are making it special. \\"Disarm\\" is one of the most beautifull rock ballads ever.by the way did any other nineties popular rock band made a ballad with a use of huge String section (not including NIrvana's \\"Something in the way\\")? because \\"Disarm\\" is String section,Guitar and Billy's voice...and even with heavy guitars it wouldn't be so emotional as it is here.<BR>genius music,a must-have in everyone's collection.The real diamond of whole rock music.
078681859X|5.0|Dealing, as this does, with the life of a 12-year-old English boy and the world of magic, it is bound to risk comparisons with both Harry Potter and Artemis Fowl.  However, I feel that this is mostly where the comparison ends.  Stroud gives us an engaging character in Bartimaeus, whose footnotes are not only explanatory but amusing.  Nathaniel, the English boy, is less entertaining, but a certain amount of pathos in his dealings with human adults makes him interesting (if not fully likeable).  I found the book a surprisingly gripping read and including a \\"demon\\" (djinni) as one of the main characters was very fresh.  <br />Fans of Kevin Smith's movie \\"Dogma\\" may have the same problem I did.  \\"Bartimaeus,\\" who is otherworldly, is rather like \\"Bartleby,\\" who is otherworldly.  I kept picturing Bartimaeus as a rather snarky Ben Affleck, even though Bartimaeus tends to appear as a 12-year-old Egyptian boy when forced to take human form!<br />I recommend this book and am looking forward to the next in the trilogy.
B0000C8AUO|4.0|David bowie made another solid and good album.<BR>it grows on you with every listening,it seems not as satisfying in the begining.<BR>\\"New Killer star\\" and \\"Never Grow Old\\" are just marvelous,other songs are maybe not as amazing but solid too.Bowie rocks with style although he is in his middle 50-ties.<BR>the music here is quite mixed<BR>\\"Looking for water\\" or \\"loneliest guy\\" are very personal tracks with moving lyrics,\\"New killer star\\" has massive industrial chorus,\\"Bring me to disco king\\" is groovy jazz song and \\"Pablo picasso\\" is alternative rocker.<BR>Bowie is still great artist.maybe he makes not genius albums as in hte past but still much better than many things that are coming out this time.really satisfying music that you must listen with open mind.<br />ps.The bonus tracks are nice - especially heavy \\"Fly\\" and new version of his hit \\"rebel rebel\\".a good addition to his discography.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Pertaining to &quot;Ian Cooper's&quot; comments below:  If you notice, every time someone has a negative comment about this film, which is a close to a documentary film as you can get, there is the difficulty to acknowledge it's brilliance outright and there's alway some kind of side agenda to steer the reader away from what this movie is.  It's a TRUE story about the 101 Airborne 506 PIR.  Period.  Ian Cooper wants to re-write history from Wakefield, MA.  Ian acts like the US jumped into WWII in 1939 after the Germans crossed the border into Poland.  Neville Chamberlain would have been proud of you, Ian.  Thank the lord we don't 100 Ian Cooper's in the US Senate.
B000003GMI|4.0|&quot;The sky moves sideway&quot; represents Porcupine's experimental era.<BR>Steven Wilson Composed long difficult suite (title track) and a few shorter tracks.the suite is interesting, very emotional but sometimes it becomes a bit boring and slightly too long - but it doesn't changes that all album is very good.<BR>Title suite along with paranoic rocker &quot;Dislocated day&quot;,dark moody ballad &quot;the moon touches your shoulder&quot; or ambient influenced hypnotic &quot;Moonloop&quot; are making this album.Steven Wilson (vocal,guitar,band's leader) shows his abbility to connect many ideas into one huge great piece of music.<BR>This album needs repeated listening.it may seem boring and pointless but after some time you wil get used to hypnotic dreamer atmosphere that this group creates on this album (and on others too).
B00005JMFR|5.0|I'm freshly back from seeing the movie and I am so shocked about all of the negative reviews. I did not see Matrix Reloaded because of the reviews, but rented it last week and realized I had made a big mistake. Matrix Revolutions is an emotional roller coaster that will keep you one the edge of the seat and not to give it all away, but the ending is takes a strange twist and is not some hokey Trinity and Neo living happily ever after crap. The negative critics pretty much had it right for the Phantom Menace, etc., but they are totally out to lunch on this one. I just don't know where they are coming from. It's a blast! It is an incredible movie and all in all the best of the Matrix series. Do your self a favor and see this with the big screen and surrond sound. Love is the answer.
0156027321|5.0|Life of Pi is a beautiful and intriguing story about an Indian boy, son of a zookeeper, who finds himself lost at see after a ship he is on, with many of the zoo's animals, sinks in the middle of the open and deserted ocean. He comes to realize that the life raft, on which he clings to life, is occupied not only by himself, but by a crazed hyena, a confused orangutan, an injured zebra and a dangerous Royal Bengal Tiger. Needless to say, he is petrified, and of course starving and thirsty for fresh water. Pi's story of survival and courage begins here through the author's (Yann Martel) great skill in making a fantastical novel seem incredibly real. By the end of the novel, where we are reminded of the fictitious nature of the story, it seems hard to believe that any other version of the story's events had taken place. This is just a wonderful, beautifully written book. Make it a permanent addition to your home library because you'll want to read it again and again. Also recommended: The Lovely Bones by Sebold, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez
0060977493|1.0|After patiently reading the stories of misery and outrage that happen to every character all along in the novel, I reached the end with discontentment and disgust.  It is unbelievable to see how such nonsense actually won a major prize.  <br />Like many recent Indian writers who put out these rambling pieces in English (Vikram Seth is another one that comes to mind), Roy uses word play incessantly.  To this she adds the backdrop of a different and 'exotic' culture (to non-Indians at least) and an oversupply of suffering and wretchedness.  The resulting mix is perfect bait for the international reviewers and some initial readers of the world who sometime in their life have heard of India, its poverty and its exotic culture and customs.   <br />The reviewers get what they want and the authors get the initial acclaim and the prize money that they want.  If most of the current English language writers from India were not so hugely boring, you would almost have to give them credit for their commercial sense (unethical though it may be).  Its pandering plain and simple.
0385504209|5.0|THE DA VINCE CODE is a smooth book to read. The chapters are extremely short, which makes it convenient to find stopping points - not that you'll want to stop (this book is so engulfing). The flow of the story is really easy to follow, even though it often splits up, switching from scene to scene. Brown is masterful at telling the story from one viewpoint, and then switching and telling it from the eyes of a different character.<br />I cannot give this book enough praise. Not only is it chocked full of information guaranteed to spark the imagination of the conspiracy theorist in anyone, but it is so complex, with intense and unexpected twists and turns all the way until the end. You will be guessing and trying to crack The Da Vinci Code the whole time. What's best, is that the person behind it all, is the one person I would have never even suspected, not even for a moment - and yet it makes perfect sense. I am blown away.<br />Also recommended: LIFE OF PI by Martel, THE LOSERS' CLUB by Richard Perez
B000002UZ4|5.0|this is the ultimate best of by the pet shop boys, my favourite group. their best hits. this is a must have.
B0000E1ALR|3.0|First, I own almost every Bruce album produced... that's right, album.  And I've purchased quite a few tapes as well, and then when the moguls decided that we needed CDs, i also bought many of these same titles on CD.  And the more recent releases on CD, as well.  So I really don't need two more CDs filled with the same tracks, especially when I can rip and burn them myself-- and change the playlist if needed.  The 3rd CD does offer some collectors items.<BR>  So for my money, Columbia is offering some new stuff (okay, I have better bootlegs of most of the songs, anyway)) but NOT enough for active fans (Tramps) to justify the money.<BR>  Find a friend who needed all the old stuff, and borrow those tracks for personal use.  Then after you've had a chance to hear songs from earlier albums such as &quot;Greetings from Asbury Park,&quot; &quot;The Wild, the Innocent,&quot; &quot;Born to Run,&quot; &quot;The River,&quot; etc. , you may want to purchase these true &quot;essential recordings&quot;  (and avoid Human Touch).<br />   Bottom line.  It's Bruce.  He's great.  But not enough new for my money.  If you don't have any Bruce in your collection, this is a good start.  But then, if you don't have any Bruce in your collection, what HAVE you been listening to?  Britney?
B00008PW2D|4.0|C'mon, fans, even Sex and the City's least worthwhile season is better than ANYTHING and EVERYTHING you'll see on broadcast TV. Season Five has it's high points, though... Carrie's photo shoot for the book cover is classic and the appearances by Amy Sedaris and Molly Shannon, though a little forced, are still fun. Sure, it had it's low points...the trip to San Francisco...but again, even though it's nowhere near the \\"dramedy\\" brilliance of Season Three, and even though everyone's right to be a little p-o'd about the cost, I AM DREADING THE END OF THIS SPECTACULAR SHOW and will be thrilled to have this in my DVD collection.
0060012358|3.0|Even though it takes place in the Discworld, it's not part of the series.  It's written at about the 6th grade level, with none of the sarcasm or wit of the Disc books.  I'd recommend it as a good book for that age level, even as a light introduction to the Discworld, but it's just a good kid's book.
1587990717|3.0|This sometimes self-conscious book-length essay on luck in life and trading provides enjoyable reading.  The author's quick wit provides, in some sections, for a very efficiently written text that forces the reader to stop to figure out what point the author is seeking to make.  But, after a few moments reflection, the author's points usually become clear.  A number of examples emphasize how elementary probability thinking can illuminate situations in life.  I especially enjoyed examples that showed how large sample sizes can be used to scam the public.  These are good reminders of how easily we can be misled by our gullibility.  <br />For me, the two weakest moments in the book came when the author attributed motives to Warren Buffet and took pride in not making money during the upside price movement of the great bull market of the last 10-20 years.  In Buffet's case, the author presumes that Buffet is interested per se in accumulating billions.  Unless Taleb knows Buffet personally, and there is no evidence of this, it is arrogant in the extreme to attribute motives to Buffet.  Taleb ignores the obvious, that Buffet like the rest of us, is a man with a craft who simply exercises that craft to make a living.  Taking pride in not exploiting the upside of the great bull market seems like a peculiar deviation from one of the underlying themes of the book, i.e., that the financial markets are populated by occasional rare events and that these events can be exploited for financial gain.  The great bull market surely classifies as an extraordinarily rare event.  Perhaps the author is so preoccupied with turns of luck that happen over a period of a few minutes to a few days and how to exploit them, that he is blinded to turns of luck that happen over periods of years and is professionally incapable of exploiting them.  This should be a warning to anyone who might try to absorb the lessons of this book uncritically.<br />All in all, this is a refreshing addition to the literature on markets and even to the literature on the vast subjects of human behavior and life.  The number of reviews for this book on Amazon.com itself is a recommendation to read the book.  Nearly 200 people taking the time to comment probably means that the book is stimulating and provocative.  For me, it was certainly stimulating.  Provocative?  No, I was not provoked.
0156027321|5.0|Since Life of Pi won the Booker prize and has received rave reviews almost everywhere, I didn't see much point in posting a review. But I just spoke with someone else who finished it and her experience was much different than mine, so I thought I should at least offer a few words on the difference in our perspectives.<br />It's hard to say anything interesting about Life of Pi without giving away the ending, because so much rides on the last 20 pages or so. In fact, until that point, my fellow reader and I are in complete agreement. Pi is touching, funny, and beautifully written. It's a fantastical journey, yet it still manages to offer real-world insights into philosophy, religion, and the human ability to cope with unspeakable tragedy. It's both a great story and a demonstration of the incredible (and perhaps healing?) power of a great story.<br />We both thought the book was great until the last 20 pages, at which point it became one of the best books I've read in some time and one of the most frustrating and disappointing that she has ever read. I was moved to tears (in public, on an airplane of all places) by a twist that made the book much more profound, though admittedly heartbreaking. This same twist left my friend feeling betrayed by the author. In her words, it was just too &quot;unbearably sad.&quot;<br />Ultimately, I stand by my recommendation. But I do understand the opposing point of view, so I'll add this caveat: be prepared by the ending, which will force you to reevaluate the entire book with a new perspective. You're bound to have a strong emotional reaction, which may make the book better for you or may make it worse, so proceed at your own risk.
B00005IC2H|5.0|I type this review for those surfing Amazon looking for new music.<br />I sit here at my computer with headphones on, Olsen Olsen playing for the 9th time tonight, feeling rather fortunate that I stumbled on to Sigur Ros while surfing Amazon.com for new music.<br />Words cannot describe the music on this album. Sounds so beautiful it will make you weep. Get the CD. Put the kids to bed. Plug in the headphones. Close your eyes. Play the CD. See the angels coming down to earth, singing the most heavenly music you have ever heard.<br />For those who just don't get it, I truly feel sorry for you. You are really missing out on one of the most unbelievable musical experiences of our time.
B00008J4P5|5.0|People who write reviews with tons of inverted commas all over the place really really piss me off, it makes it seem like they take what they are saying far too seriously. <br />Well Elephant is a fourth release and the white stripes haven't changed their formula all that much but Why change what works? Everyone seems to be slating the album for not being original. They say stuff like; they're not as got as The Flat Duo Jets or that they're a copy of The VU. The thing is that the whites stripes may not be incredibly original but who cares. They are making good music and at least it's better than Britany. Seven Nation Army is an awesome rocker and the video for The hardest Button to Button couldn't be better. The White Stripes are invigorating for their freshness in today's music scene. they're a continuation of good bands like the duo jets and they're helping bring good music back into mainstream. give credit where it's due. great songs include the air near my fingers, there's no home for you here and in the cold cold night with it's jazzy female vocals
B0000CDLA7|5.0|A Dream Theater record is like a box of chocolates...:-)<BR>On this occasion we have a HEAVY METAL album. Plain and simple.<BR>In my personal opinion, nobody is better at progressive rock/metal than Dream Theater. This release is just another ex-<BR>ample of what they are capable of. Rather than going for variety<BR>as they did with &quot;Six Degrees&quot; (symphonic rock/prog on one side,<BR>and metal on the other) or a concept piece, like &quot;Scenes From A<BR>Memory&quot; they decided to give us an a-- whuppin' with a serious<BR>&quot;professional&quot; METAL album. Now if proggers can handle heavy<BR>crunching guitar, beautiful high vocals, blistering clean multi-<BR>lightning speed drumming and well written songs that deal with<BR>such subjects as self improvement and sorry gutless men...<BR>well, they might just love this record. Everything flows together<BR>so well; some numbers, although they're separate songs, flow to-<BR>gether like a prog piece. You wouldn't know they were separate<BR>songs.<BR>      Also, there is some no-holds-barred SHREDDING. BIG TIME.<BR>By keyboardist Jordan Rudess as well as guitarist John Petrucci.<BR>      I'm not necesserily a metal fan. Just a fan of excellent<BR>music (which is why I like Dream Theater. They're PROG. Period).<BR>Not only is the music great on this, the production is top notch!<BR>It's the most &quot;consistant&quot; record since &quot;SCENES&quot;. The sound on<BR>this record...the SOUND!!! Just awesome. I hope you enjoy it as<BR>much as I have.
0805066691|5.0|This is an amazing description of what our history has labeled as a time of &quot;manifest destiny&quot;, but was actually a time of murder and deceit. Brown astounded me with his neutral views, giving credit where credit was due, both to good and bad indians and good and bad white men. Since i first read it in 2002 i have re-read it 3 times. Really shows the truth about what America has tried to cover up.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|As much as I hate to compare ANY band to Radiohead, I think in this case, the best analogy is to compare the transition from Mer De Noms to Thirteenth Step to that of OK Computer to Kid A. Both the former and the latter are great cds, but both are very different styles. In Thirteenth Step, the music becomes more syn-thy and deep, which is NOT at all a bad thing, just very unique. While Mer De Noms was more publicized, the highly anticipated Thirteenth Step did not let anyone down. The first song to hit the radio, The Weak and Powerless, is not nearly the highlight of the cd. Compared with tracks like Blue, Noose and The Outsider... It does not compare. But the highlight of the cd is really a cover of &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot;(from Failure's Fantastick Planet album.), the eeerily melodic song about the nurse who &quot;has all I ever need&quot;, but for an 'alternative-rock&quot; band, this is as close as APC will ever get to a love song. Eeeerie. This is one of those rare cds that you can listen to without skipping through any track at all, which is rare in the pop-oriented world we live in today. Im sure after 690 customer reviews, one more wont change your opinion, but Im going to go ahead and tell you my rating of each song anyways:<BR>The Package: 7/10<BR>Weak and Powerless: 6.5/10<BR>The Noose: 8/10<BR>Blue: 9.5/10<BR>Vanishing: 8/10<BR>A Stranger: 7/10<BR>The Outsider: 8.5/10<BR>Crimes:7.5/10<BR>The Nurse Who Loved Me: 10/10<BR>Pet: 9/10<BR>Lullaby: 8.5/10<BR>Gravity: 9/10
B0000AI45P|5.0|Marque Moon stands as a seminal album in the new music movement of the late 70's. While not as polished  as the band's second underrated album Adventure, Marque Moon does have all the right elements in place: Tom Verlaine's strangled vocals (imagine David Bryne with the hiccups and you've got an idea as to Verlaine's early vocal style); Richard Lloyd's structured unusual guitar solos (in marked contrast to Verlaine's more direct, off the cuff solos)and the solid rhythm section of Fred Smith (bass) and Billy Ficca (drums)all combine to create a unique, new sound.<br />Television has been lumped in with all sorts of genres (from new wave to punk)but its unique sound and Verlaine's unusual melodies simply defy convention. It's not fair to pen them in with Talking Heads, Xtc or other bands from the same era; each of these bands had a unique sound but the one thing that they had in common was combining the best of the old (adventurous songwriting and performing)with the best of the new (the energy and in-your-face brio of punk).<br />While Marque Moon is a seminal, important album it doesn't stand up quite as well as the band's best work the sophmore effort Adventure. Songs like Friction and See No Evil certainly deliver but there's a lack of focus here that would be evident on the band's second album (and Verlaine's many solo albums). One reviewer commented on how they couldn't see why they didn't break through to the big time. It's actually quite simple; the band's sound even when tamed was still unconventional enough to prevent them from gaining the radio exposure of the much more radio and image conscious Talking Heads or Blondie. Expecting Television to break through on the stength of this album would be akin to expecting XTC's second album to pull through simply on the extraordinary talent of the band. People were still in thrall to disco and bands that borrowed from disco, conventional rock music and the like were much more likely to break through because there was something familiar that audiences could relate to. Television borrowed from punk, new wave, rock, art rock and  managed to mix it up enough to make it original and unforgettable. Unfortunately, those very qualities worked against them when it came to airplay in the United States.<br />Ironically enough, the UK became the true home of Television; both their first and second albums became strong sellers in the UK with adventure threatening to crack the top twenty (it only made it to the best of my recollection to a healthy # thirty). They never received the recognition in the US (beyond a strong cult following and critical opinion)they deserved until over a decade later when they reunited to make their third self titled disc.<br />Remastered editions with bonus tracks have become the norm now so I'm delighted to report that while the rarities are slim (it's actually a surprise to me that they were able to find as much as they did given the band's thin discography), they are important enough to be included and heard. Also, the digipak sleeve includes information on the recording of the album and a booklet with comments from the band.as something familiar that audiences could relate to. Television borrowed from punk, new wave, rock, art rock and  managed to mix it up enough to make it original and unforgettable. Unfortunately, those very qualities worked against them when it came to airplay in the United States.<br />Ironically enough, the UK became the true home of Television; both their first and second albums became strong sellers in the UK with adventure threatening to crack the top twenty (it only made it to the best of my recollection to a healthy # thirty). They never received the recognition in the US (beyond a strong cult following and critical opinion)they deserved until over a decade later when they reunited to make their third self titled disc.<br />Remastered editions with bonus tracks have become the norm now so I'm delighted to report that while the rarities are slim (it's actually a surprise to me that they were able to find as much as they did given the band's thin discography), they are important enough to be included and heard. Also, the digipak sleeve includes information on the recording of the album and a booklet with comments from the band.
B00006G8G1|5.0|This is a great DVD and well worth the price. Being a Maiden fan for twenty years and seeing them a couple of times in concert in the mid 1980's, I can say that I have never heard them sound better or have a better stage show! I agree with the reviewers that &quot;Live After Death&quot; should be released on DVD. However, I believe that the band gives a much better performance on this DVD: Bruce's singing is much better than and the band's energy level is much higher - you would think that the &quot;boys&quot; are 20 years younger! Some people mention the editing as a reason for not buying this. I don't see it at all; Steve Harris did a great job in spreading the footage equally between the band members. You can actually see Nicko in this one! This is a definite must for any Iron Maiden or heavy metal fan, buy it!
0385504209|5.0|I loved the book!!!  The combination of suspense and historical<br />facts made in so interesting and entertaining.  Someday this will be one #1 hit movie too.
B000002G7E|5.0|I love this album. I don't know if its as good as the first one, its hard to compare, but it only took me one listen of this to knock my socks off, the first took 2 (4 or so for the nico songs). This album can't boast the diversity that the first one had that is certain. What it can boast, however, is the most psycotic loud maniacal orgy of sonic noise i have ever heard, that being the 17 minute long sister ray. If you liked Venus in Firs on the first album this is that cubed. This is the song people think of when they talk about this album, and i do the same. The others are great for the most part but ultimatly forgettable when put aside this behemoth. Its just pounding sonic noise -but wow it sounds good. Hard to believe that it was a recording of just one jam session. They said to themselves going in that this would be only one take anything you want to do you better do it, make it count. Morrison, cale and reed didn't want their performance to be remembered as anything but sub par, it was a one shot deal but they gave it their all. Tucker's drumming is pretty constant throughout except for one improve bit in, i think, the 14th minute but its still flawless. One doesn't need to take many takes if your not quibling over notes and just launching out the most pounding intense fuzz imaginable, something the underground were masters at. <br />        The other songs are great too, white light/white heat is pretty excellent, it sounds like something from their loaded album. The gift is usually badmouthed but i still really like it. If at first you try paying attention to the story on repeated listens you concentrate more and more on the groovy jam.<BR>Lady Godivas operation is pretty good its weird how all of the sudden they go from describing mrs. robinson to a tumor operation or something. Here she comes now, is another great pop song sounding like a cross between their third and 4th albums. The only song i don't like is I heard her call my name. The solo IMO doesn'tmake any sense at all, just noise, but not the melodious noise like on sister ray.<br />     White Light/ White Heat is showing Cales contribution to the band like no other and he is a very talented guy in his own right (of course its not like tucker and morrison are scenery they make important contributions as well)<br />Buy this cd and crank up the volume it'll blow you away!
B00004Z459|5.0|This album is the best of my collection.  Linkin Park hits the nail on the head with this amazing album of confusion, anger, and lonliness.  I encourage anyone to get this album for an aspiring music fan or musician.  Best...album...ever!
B0000CFW87|5.0|I first knew about Josh when I saw him singing in his concert on TV. I fell in love with his VOICE .. i found he has amazing voice (for someone so young).  Although I didnt understand what he was singing, his voice was so mesmerizing.  I particularly liked the song &quot;To Where You Are&quot;.  I couldn't wait for his second CD to come out!<br />Again, I was not disappointed!  Josh still has that expressive voice.  His CD grows on you.  Just like his first CD, you need to listen it a couple of times before you appreciate his songs.  My favourite at his moment is &quot;My Confession&quot;.  <br />Can't wait for his next CD to be out!
B0000CDLA7|2.0|This album sipmly just blows and as a DT fan I'm very disapointed. It seems obvious that they have forgoten the lesson of &quot;Falling into infinity&quot; and released something really commercial. It looks like now they are going for that Godsmack/Disturbed/new Metallica sound which I can't stand. When bands used to say thay they are playing heavy they meant something in the vain of Iron Maiden/Megadeth/old Metallica, but now it is used to discribe the Nu Metal sound. Not to say it doesn't have its moments, but over all this album is a downer. Overall the complex technical and song writting that they are known for is gone in this album. I think that a two to three year break is in order for DT and they should remember why they have had the following they have had for years.
B00008PX8P|5.0|This is truely a must have DVD.  When I put this in my player and set up the surround 5.1 and listened to 'Going to California' I was floored at how good it sounded.  You'll swear that you are there in the front row.  I paid $22 for this and would have easily paid double that amount.  You don't have to be a die hard fan to enjoy this, but if you are, you'll be thrilled at what you see and hear.
6301966988|5.0|I am a big fan of this movie and Whoopi. I watch it everytime it comes on TV.  I've seen just about every movie she's done. One of my favorites is this one, Ghost.  Very good film. Whoopi was excellent in this movie.  Funny too. If you have never seen this movie, you are really missing out. I do recommend this movie.
B000001GBJ|5.0|Ethereal and angelic- music to relax by and to get in touch with your heart and soul. Outstanding music!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Sarah's return from hiatus has produced her most understated work yet. Afterglow feels significantly less produced than her previous efforts, but her style has amazingly stayed unchanged in the world of hip hop fashion and stunts. From 1993's Fumbling Towards Ecstasy to 1997's Surfacing and Afterglow in 2003, Sarah has largely pursued her music in the same low-key direction but never sounding dated at any instance.<br /><br />The first single Fallen follows most in the vein of her past songs, like Building A Mystery. A nice slow-rock song that echoes of a crestfallen soul. My favorites on this album will have to be Answer, Train Wreck and Dirty Little Secret. Answer, in itself, is a song about being there for someone you hold dear and thes sentimentality and raw emotions conveyed through Sarah's soothing voice is worth the price of the CD itself. Train Wreck features some of the best lyrics on this album and Dirty Little Secret makes for a perfect closer to the album.<br /><br />This album may come across as being more subdued but it has successfully conveyed Sarah's happiness in the afterglow of her mum's death and her daughter's birth through Sarah's good delivery. I hope we won't have to wait another 6 years for more. Along with Annie Lennox's Bare, this is one of my favorite albums of the year.
0385474547|5.0|When we began to read this book in my 10th grade history class, I was bored with the book and looked at it only from a literary point of view.  However, I soon realized that Achebe did not write the book to be full of symbolism and thematic elemants with the caliber of a classic novel.  He wrote it to show others about the customs of the Ibo people of West Africa and the effect of Europeans on their society.  It is written from the perspective of Black Africa and gives the reader new insight into religion, government, customs and general culture.  It also gives the reader a new view on the Chrstianization of Africa and the &quot;savages&quot; missionaries went to go save with God.  Of course, no history book is 100% correct because it only has information from one point of view: the authors.  However, this book is a very important supplement that offers the other side of the story we have been hearing for years.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is the Beatles shimmering, shining swan song, the last album they ever recorded (even though Let It Be was released later; the fact that AR was recorded AFTER LIB was not generally known at the time) and a fitting tribute to their FABulous career as a band. &quot;Come Together&quot; was the last song they recorded as a group; it still sounds utterly contemporary today, with its hypnotic bass lines, rock-solid percussion, and first-rate John Lennon vocals and lyrics. &quot;Something&quot; is the band's most achingly beautiful song ever; the fact that George Harrison wrote and recorded it proves that the Beatles had too much talent to contain in one band. Paul's delightfully droll &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; and 50's malt-shop classic &quot;Oh! Darling&quot; are thoroughly enjoyable little songs, no more and no less. Ringo Starr's &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot; is sort of a sequel to &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; and sounds like it was much fun to make. John's &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy)&quot; is about Yoko (naturally!) and features fabulous guitars building to a Bolero-like crescendo before being abruptly cut-off (the cut-off is not &quot;meaningful&quot;, just annoying!). &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; is another gorgeous George number, written in Eric Clapton's garden and effectively parodied a few years later by George and Eric Idle on Saturday Night Live. Standouts of the remaining tracks include &quot;She Came In Thru The Bathroom Window&quot; (nicely remade by Joe Cocker), &quot;Sun King&quot; (which, George admitted a few years later, was inspired by Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Oh, Well&quot;), &quot;Mean Mr.Mustard&quot; and &quot;Polythene Pam&quot; (great character sketches by Paul and John, respectively), and the lovely, fun &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot; medley which closes the album. (By the way, let's set the record straight: The Beatles were a VERY innovative band, but they can't get credit for being the first band to meld songs together as in the &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot; medley; Paul later admitted that he got the idea from the album Freak Out! by Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention. Jefferson Airplane's After Bathing at Baxters and the Byrds Notorious Byrd Brothers are two earlier albums which also feature this device.) In any case, musicianship is solid throughout, the writing glorious, the vocals excellent, and the cover art (which inspired more recreations of an album cover by live people than any other; it seems like just about every visitor to London has to try the crossing-the-street thing.) grand. In short, Abbey Road is truly an album for the ages, something to play someday for the grandkids while spinning stories about walking ten miles uphill barefoot through the snow to attend school! Get it today!!!
B0000CDLA7|5.0|This may not be a typical DT album, but comparing it to Metallica and the like is very misleading. This may be what Metallica would sound like if they had any imagination or the talent to pull this kind of metal off..I listen to a cd as a new<BR>experience not to hear what a band can do to repeat their previous works. I have a feeling that Dream Theater is a bit tired of being an aquired taste and I think this is a great way to appeal to listeners who never quite got what they've been doing for so long. By coming in under the guise of a Metallica<BR>type band they may get some more airplay and show fans of the other pretender metal bands how it sounds when the talent is equal to the thunder..Listeners who are unaware of what metal should be need to check this out. And listen to bands like Wolverine and Pain of Salvation..another Great new cd is Damnation by Opeth..Compared to these bands Metallica is metal lite..
B00005JM02|5.0|I loved this movie so much,I almost laughed my lungs out!I have some quotes to share you'll like.<BR>From Exploring The Reef from DVD<BR>Dory:&quot;I'm Dory,and i live in the ocean!&quot;<BR>Jean Michel Coustau:&quot;Good for you,now I must continue on making my film,so long Dory.&quot;<BR>(screen changes pushing away Dory)<BR>Dory:&quot;Hey!&quot;<BR>From the movie:<BR>(Dory is talking in her sleep)<BR>Dory:&quot;Carful with that hammer.&quot;<BR>Marlin:&quot;Wake up Dory&quot;!<BR>Dory:&quot;Yes I'm a natural blue.&quot;
0156027321|2.0|I think Life of Pi accomplishes what it sets out to by evoking in the reader the dread, frustration, and, ultimetely, the boredom the narrator experienced while, fictionally speaking, living through his ordeal. But just because the books succeeds as a work of art in evoking its intended emotions in its readers doesn't mean that it's a great book. There are a lot of gaps in the book - the book begins with the chapters alternating perspectives between the author in the present interviewing the now mature Pi Patel and Pi's story in first person. As the story progresses, the author's perspective is abandoned entirely and is never returned to. I found it difficult to suspend my disbelief long enough to actually appreciate the fiction as possibly real - though it was highly imaginative and extremely well-reasoned. The explanation Martel gives us for surviving and ultimately training a tiger on life boat is certainly persuasive. And, finally, I'm not sure how or where in the book, exactly, I was supposed to find inspiration enough to feel a vigorous, revitalized connection with God.<br />The problem with over-hyped books like Life of Pi is exactly that: they're over-hyped and set expectations that are difficult to meet. In the end, my expectations weren't met; but judging the work on it's merits alone, I wasn't impressed either.
076790592X|3.0|Watching death is not easy, but especially those involving such as ALS.<br />It is better to go to a house of mourning, than to go to a house of feasting, because that is the end of every man, and the living take it to heart.  Ecclesiastes 7:2<br />O death, where is your victory? O death, where is your sting?  The sting of death is sin, and the power of sin is the law; but thanks be to God, who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.  1 Corinthians 15:55-57<br />See also the fascinating work by Jerome Groopman: \\"The Measure of Our Days.\\"
B00003CY0U|3.0|Hugh Jackman is a hack man who is sent to John Travolta because Travolta needs him for a job. along the way we get  great special tricked out effects and some good chases. Don Cheadle, Rudolf Martin, Vinnie Jones and the nude Halle Berry also star. the beginning where theres the camera panning around the place when the explosion accures it a good start. also where Travolta explaisn about the world of the computer. but theres some flaws along the way. Jackman must of hand a great time when that girl was giving him the old bob the knob while he hacks away
0679729895|5.0|If you remember the TV series, and/or know where to get the episodes on video, please let me know.  Very similar to &quot;Night Gallery&quot; and the &quot;Twilight Zone&quot;, I thought.  Email:  raymonde@tiac.net
B0000B3FCX|4.0|Great CD, just loved it, can't wait for more from Nickelback.  And Mike, what is wrong with other people liking Nickelback?  Just because you don't like it doesn't mean that we all have to go out and buy CD's from \\"Flaming Lips\\" and \\"Mercury Rev.\\"  I definitely won't need to deny hearing them because I have never heard OF them, and anyway, I WOULDN'T want to listen to a bunch of drugged-up losers.  You really need to get some looser panties and a puzzle.  New panties because they are obviously cutting off circulation to your brain, and a puzzle to give you something else to do besides harass people.  Feel better now?
B00005JKHN|4.0|This DVD is a &quot;must have&quot; for any animation fans.  The Special Edition has the widescreen version as it was originally shown in 1959.  This was the first animated movie shot in 70 mm. I couldn't believe how much of a difference it made from having the sides croped off for television.<br />The 2nd disc has great extras showing the main artist's involvement and the black and white acting for the fight scene.
B0000028P8|4.0|This album is great although there are only seven tracks. She promoted the EMOTIONS album while recording this concert in March 1992 for MTV's Unplugged show. VISION OF LOVE was Mariah's first hit of her career from her 1990 self-titled debut. From the same album comes SOMEDAY,whom Mariah dedicated to those who have been dumped by former lovers. From 1991's EMOTIONS are the title track,CAN'T LET GO,MAKE IT HAPPEN and IF IT'S OVER which was written by Mariah and her longtime idol Carole King. This album spawned the hit I'LL BE THERE a cover of The Jackson Five recording. The total playing time for this CD is only a half-hour.
B0000E1ALR|3.0|Since I have everything on the first two disks, I only bought this for the third \\"bonus disk\\" of rarities and unreleased material. It was a little expensive for the sake of 45 minutes worth of music, but there are some real gems on that bonus disk, in particular \\"None But the Brave\\".<br />As for the \\"Essentials\\" portion, Disk 1 covering 1973 through 1981 is stronger than the second disk covering 1984 through 2002, (surprise, surprise). Unfortunately it seems Bruce made his selection of songs based on including examples from each album in order to represent his whole career. Therefore, weaker more recent songs were included at the expense of some of his best work.<br />So, if you are the non-fan who doesn't own any of his music and just wants to just have something of Springsteen's in you're collection, this is a better choice than the \\"Greatest Hits\\" CD. However if you want a better understanding and appreciation of his music I would suggest the \\"Tracks\\" and \\"Live 1975-1985\\" box sets. If you are the devoted fan, like myself, buy this for the \\"Bonus Disk\\" while it's still available.
B000002VDW|5.0|Right now, in 2003, this music is just so hopelessly U N H I P it isn't even funny. It's almost like you have to apologise for liking it! Well, to me this album has been like a faithful friend for almost 25 years now. It's an album I often return to. After a stressful day, it's like balsam to my soul more than any other album i know about. And for those very inspired moments, it's everlasting.<BR>I believe this is Stewart's best album. I haven't heard them all, but I do think it's better than &quot;Past, Present and Future&quot; and &quot;Year of the Cat&quot;. Stewart has just the nicest, most sympathic VOICE in the entire history of pop music. &quot;Time &quot;Passages&quot; has a more &quot;symphonic&quot; touch than other Stewart albums I have heard, and it pays off. There's not a single weak song on the album. I've heard some people dislike &quot;Song On The Radio&quot;, but I really don't understand why. When I go for a drive on a sunny day, I can't think of any better soundtrack than that song. <BR>I LOVE this beautiful album, and I would definately take it with me on a desert island.
B00008J4P5|1.0|I have tried to like this band but in the end I don't get it. Yes, there's some guitar and very basic drums, but that alone does not constitute &quot;back to the basics&quot; rock. This is like unfinished music. Try any number of young bands out there really rocking actually using a bass and other instruments until you find one you like.
B000088E6D|5.0|With a voice like cream &amp; delivery such as we've not heard in a long time - someone mentioned he has a Christmas cd - Can't wait!
B00008J2DQ|5.0|Godsmack. What can I say about them? They are simply a excellent band. Best band in the world. I am a diehard Godsmack fan myself, and I can safely say this is their best album to date (followed by their self-titled debut). Some will complain it is very generic, too heavy, too profanic, ect - well, it isn't generic - it's Godsmack. Look what happened to Metallica when they 'evovled' - they were abandoned. Godsmack is a powerful, energetic band that is solid. I hope they never change. All the songs on this album are excellent. The best songs incldue 'Realign', 'Releasing the Demons', 'I F****** Hate You', 'I Stand Alone' &amp; 'Make Me Believe'. But, don't get me wrong - all the songs on this album are awesome in their own dark, metallic right. The lyrics are excellent anger vents as usual (which is good). Very good lyrics, and comforting and adrenaline rushing when you hear disgruntled frontman Sully Erna scream things such as 'I F****** HATE YOU!&quot; and &quot;I, I Stand Alone! Inside me, I Stand Alone!&quot; Mr. Tony Rombola is an excellent guitar player, very reminiscent of early Alice In Chains, Late Black Sabbath - very hard hitting and low tuned with some fuzz. Good stuff. Also - with Sully providing rythmn on some tracks - Tony is free to shred on solo's and they are excellent! Speaking of Sully - his voice is great here! Growling, pretty good range and very angry and powerful. He make's Eminem look like Barney Singalongs. Powerful Stuff there, Mr. Erna. The bass is great as well. Very groovy and deep - good job mr. merril. Now this is the GS debut of new drummer Shannon Larkin (Ugly Kid Joe &amp; Amen) - and he is astounding. Absolutley bashing thoose cybals and toms. I hope Mr. Larkin sticks around for a while. As an accomplished musician - this is probably the best album i own by the BEST BAND EVER.
B000089RVX|5.0|Ok the first reviewer has a hair up his ass, don't let him taint your view of the album.<BR>Like him I find it to be a truly great not just because of it's incredible skill, but also because it is a work of art.  <BR>However for the less culture seeking it is still one of the most powerful bands out there.<br />as to the reviewer who said that tourniquet was 'christian'<br />Tourniquet refers to god as a tourniguet, a process I am not fond of.  and the last line is &quot;Christ, Tourniquet, my suicide&quot;
B0000E1ALR|4.0|Another release of a totally useless album for us who worship bruce ... so who cares ... you don't want it you don't buy it ... I'm totally sick and tired of people who think the masses are addicted and will buy anything there is out there ... so what it's their moneu they hurt only them selves...<BR>Talkin about the music it is great to have so many strong tunese alla toghether on 3 tracks ... maybe somebody who just new the latest stuff will apreciate earlier springsteen ... and rest assured I'll just flood all my non springsteen fans friends with this album because it is a great way to start ... hoping for a new album soon
B0000CFW87|5.0|I was very nervous about this album because I liked the first one so much and I am a die hard Grobanite. However, listening to Closer has quickly dispelled my fears. This is a heart-touching album on so many different levels. My favorite is Mi Mancherai. You can hear the passion in Josh's voice. You can also tell that his voice has matured with this album. There is a greater range and richness in Josh's voice. I tell people I have fallen in love with a  voice. Trust me, you will not be disappointed in this album. Can't wait for the next one to come out.
B000002J6H|5.0|Let's see now, he wrote almost all of their most enduring songs, provided the electrifying guitar work and the gut wrenching lead vocals, and had the only really successful solo excursions of the band (Manassas), and yet he is the LEAST accomplished member of CSN? I don't get it! The only other member of this band who even holds a candle to Stephen is ex Buffalo Springfield cohort Neil Young, who was only occassionally a member CSN. Without Stills there simply would have been no CSN at all, end of story!<br />This album is indeed a bit dated, particularly with regard to some of the studio arrangements, but Stephen comes through strong and clear on every song, and demonstrates here why he was one of the most creative and original musicians of his time. The musical landscape of the late sixties and early seventies would have been much less vibrant without him.
B000002H70|5.0|When I listen back to a disc of yesteryear, especially one that influenced the youthful psyche, I quickly find myself submerged in the softly-whispering spell of nostalgic recollection: memories exude from long-locked vaults and the body itself reacts thrillingly to the aural vibration. Time slows and I find myself curiously frozen, like the ant in amber, within a snapshot picture of those ancient days, those \\"pictures of you.\\" <br />Disintegration is one of the few true masterpieces of alternative pop, and a telling document of 1980's teen-Goth subculture.  On the cover, Robert Smith stares out into the existential void, a sigh of *huunh* hovering on those glum clown-lips.  His opium-dot eyes indicate a surreal sort of dissipative wisdom, utterly contrasting the white abstract of greasepaint; and the wreath of black flowers surrounding this \\"gloom-god\\" transcends the cliched gothic archetype... within context, it actually works.  This artistic scheme quite deliberately warns the casual listener that non-casual musical expression lurks within; it jumpstarts the eyeshadow set's manic-depressive neuron-fire, leaving such turned-on and trembling.    <br />Disintegration: I consider this album one of the 100 definite albums of the 1980's, yet truth be told, I didn't listen much to the Cure growing up. Nurtured in the sunny climate of SW Colorado, I usually preferred more _upbeat_ sounds for my daily dose.  Several of my early-teen friends had REM and the Cure on feverish rotation, their \\"songs for life\\" to define that tumultuous era, but I could not relate; I shrugged my shoulders and went \\"meh.\\"  I found REM to be borderline-pretentious wuss-rock (Out of Time being their pinnacle and swan note), and as for The Cure...most of the time I shied away; the music, though evocative of deeper currents, simply did not suit the sunlit hours of the day.  <br />But come the gathering of heavenly shadows, the first tap-tap of rain upon the tin roof, my music-mood would abruptly change, strangely enough -- and the forlorn synth soundscapes, the shuffling percussion, the bittersweet guitar chimes of Disintegration seemed more appropriate to the rainy day's atmosphere than any other cassette tape in my collection.  I would sit by the window, watching the white mists furrow and the rain lash abstract patterns across the glass, sighing the occasionally *huunh* whilst scribbling bad angst-ridden poetry about things I had only tenuous awareness of.<br />Plus, if you wanted to score with the hot Goth girls, you had to have this in your collection. <br />Today, with ears of far greater experience, I find myself able to endure most -- if not all -- of Disintegration in a single sitting. The opening six songs are absolutely brilliant, magically and majestically emulating the young neo-existentialist's gimlet-eyed muse.  _Plainsong_ crashes and chimes, deluging all the horror of the world in a navel-gazing major-chord orgy.  _Pictures of You_ ripples out with deceptive power; appropriately, it is now used to market cars to those grown-up YWG/B (Young White Goth Girl/Boy). _Last Dance_ gets a bit too melodramatic for even my taste, but _Lovesong_ and _Lullabye_ deliver on the promise of previous big-Cure hit single _Just like Heaven_: the former a polished ode to sentimental passion, the latter a fascinating and frank allusion to naughty nighttime activities...something for the kids to relate to! _Fascination Street_ shatters the mood with shrillness, and repetition threatens within the subtext of the next couple tracks, but like all musical masterpieces the Cure closes Disintegration with brilliance: the somber, angry _Prayers for Rain_, and the gloom-epics of _Homestead_, and _Untitled_. <br />All in all, a great album, an essential 80's subculture document, and easily the Cure's best.  Five stars.
0783240287|1.0|I've seen this play performed in several youth stage programs and I loved it. I saw this movie and was deeply disappointed. The singing was alright but everything else about the movie was horrible. The directing was bad and the characters seemed to be making fun of the story instead of portraying it as a true event that actually happened. After seeing it I feel that the rating should be at least PG-13 because of the many sugestive scenes and revealing costumes. If you are thinking of buying the movie I suggest you rent it first.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Am I a Quentin Tarantino fan? Yes, I guess I am.  This is the first film of his I have seen, and after six visits it just gets better with age.  The pacing, the details, the story line, the use of color and black and white, the actors weave a very rich tapestry which turns out to be one of the better films of this year, or for that matter any recent year.  My advice is to go see it at your neighborhood multiplex before it closes, and then get on the email list to be notified about the DVD!  ENJOY!
0060977493|3.0|I think the Booker Prize (which Roy received for this book in 1998) is beginning to resemble the Oscar. A Booker Prize like an Oscar means increased even phenomenal sales and so the award has become corrupted by a number of influences(namely political) none of which provides a true measure of literary talent.<br />This author combines a lot of influences. Her writing style owes a debt to Latin America. In fact the book reads like it has been written by a student of Gabriel Garcia Marquez's. It's not quite Magical Realism but its close enough. Unlike Garcia Marquez however Roy has no sense of structure. The past and present tense seem to flow in and out of each other and in no particular direction. I suppose you could call this &quot;experimental&quot; but theres not much method to the madness.  The individual stories of at least twelve characters are told and each story would be rather simple but the stories are all shuffled together with no regard for tense and this makes the book seem much more complex than it actually is.  Also Roy seems very aware that for most of her readers India is still an extoic and faraway land and the way she describes it makes it seem like its an exotic and faraway land even to her.  In other words the imagery like the vegetation is overly ripe.  The storyteller is really more in love with the way she is telling her story than she is with her characters.  The characters are merely caricatures each conveniently outfitted with an amusing assortment of eccentricities and yet its still difficult to tell them apart because they don't really have individual voices; the only voice we hear is Arundhati Roy's.  Some of these same arguments could be railed against 100 Years of Solitude but Marquez's book is full of events and characters that are all larger-than-life and lend the book its fable-like quality and like a well constructed fable the book has mythic power in it.  Roy uses the magical realist's verbal style but she fails to give us characters and events that make an imprint on us and so her book falls somewhere short of magical realisms goal. Plus she moves forwards and backwards and sideways in time towards a central event which has been hinted at in countless ways but by the time you get to that event you are mad because all of the confusion could so easily have been avoided if she'd simply told the story, or each of the twelve stories, chronologically.  A shift of tense is a viable storytelling device but in this book Roy is guilty of gratuitous shuffling.<br />Its really not a bad book, by far not the worst I've ever read, but when you give a book a prestigious award like the Booker Prize readers like myself expect an extraordinary read and this is merely an ordinary one.cters and events that make an imprint on us and so her book falls somewhere short of magical realisms goal. Plus she moves forwards and backwards and sideways in time towards a central event which has been hinted at in countless ways but by the time you get to that event you are mad because all of the confusion could so easily have been avoided if she'd simply told the story, or each of the twelve stories, chronologically.  A shift of tense is a viable storytelling device but in this book Roy is guilty of gratuitous shuffling.  <br />Its really not a bad book, by far not the worst I've ever read, but when you give a book a prestigious award like the Booker Prize readers like myself expect an extraordinary read and this is merely an ordinary one.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|I will keep this brief.  This is a classic DT album from start to finish.  It rocks, and is probably their best album.  And yes, I am a long time fan, who actually bought When Dream and Day Unite when it was originally released on Mechanic Records in 1989.  The only album I don't really care for is Awake, but this album is a metal masterpiece.  Go out and buy it.  Play it loud.  Rock on!!!
B00005QZ7U|5.0|So you've never seen Moulin Rouge before, or maybe you heard of it but, Nicole Kidman, Ewan McGregor, come on you've never even had any bit of appeal for any movie they made, but your wrong. This is an amazing movie, I heard of it at school and was like, \\"Oh, that movie that had that ugly Christina Agulaira music video, no thanks,\\" so much buzz made me rent it. I saw it the first time and was a little out of the loop afterwards, I mean this was a weird idea of a modern-day musical, and kinda freaky, so I had to watch it again,and then again and about 5 times more. Its amazing love-story fitted with a wonderful plot and music that you already know before you see it it is the perfect combination for another Baz Lurhman masterpiece. If you just want to see if you'll like it just watch the song 'Roxanne' and you''ll see when you can't for the life of you get it out of your head.    <BR>     It is definently addictive, and if you like Chicago, or even if you don't, or if you like anything of Baz, Romeo + Juliet, Strictly Ballroom and soon to be Alexander the Great, then this is a must watch since it is an infiniti times better!!!
B00006CXSS|5.0|I have watched this twice already and now have to buy it.  The best view of WWII that I have seen, it is the best movie on WWII even and it is 10 hours long!<BR>MUST HAVE!
B0000C7PRY|3.0|Neal Morse is arguably the single best progressive rock musician of today. Almost all of whatever he has a hand in turns out to be nothing short of brilliant. Unfortunately, \\"Testimony\\" is the exception. Its main problem is that it lacks subtlety, both musically and lyrically. On this album Morse takes himself so seriously that it appears as if he has joined the \\"church triumphant\\" (i.e., Christians as proselytizing) and abandoned the \\"church militant\\" (i.e., Christians as underdogs). This is not a \\"per se\\" knock against Christian Rock---indeed, if you listen carefully, TransAtlantic's Second Album (certainly the major 1st and 4th tracks) and much of \\"Snow\\" are albums laced with distinctively Christian themes, and they repesent Neal Morse at his best. The difference is that these themes are not shoved down your throat, as are the lyrics of \\"Testimony.\\" Perhaps part of the appeal of the former albums is that they focus largely on the theme of despair, which is much more interesting than the theme of 'glory, glory Hallelujah'. For that matter, in all fairness, there are some really strong moments on disc one of \\"Testimony,\\" especially Part one, describing, presumably, the period before Neal's full conversion. \\"Colder in the Sun,\\" in particular, is a strong track, and the musical overtures are really well done. Throughout, Mike Portnoy's drumming is spot-on. The tracks that make up parts 2-5 (which spans the second half of disc one through the end of disc 2), however, musically speaking, are not nearly as creative and full of modulation as are other Spock's Beard favorites such as \\"Doorway,\\" \\"The Mouth of Madness\\" or \\"Solitary Soul.\\" Neal needs his band just as much as they need him. Together, they are the best at what they do. If we're lucky, as I predict we will be, the separation will be just a phase.
B0000CAQ27|5.0|I was so excited, and worried at the same time about this new Album. How could Pink make another Record that could stand up to her Previous one? Well, she has!!!!!! Every track on this album is wonderfull and very catchy, also every track has it's own feeling and style. For the most part, this Album is about going out and having a good time. This Record is deffenitly worth the money. PINK YOU ROCK!!!!!!!!
B000002J1U|4.0|When I say least favorite I don't mean worst or weakest. On this album they were more blues/acoustic than they were in there other albums. I was always a fan of their heavier songs which would explain why I love \\"Immigrant Song.\\" It is an awesome song even though it isn't even three minutes long! They continued their tradition of starting out with a hard-rock song and this is one of the only discs where they released the best song as a single (Immigrant Song); one could argue that they did on Led Zeppelin II as well, but thats the only one that comes close. \\"Celebration Day,\\"  \\"Gallows Pole,\\" and \\"Tangerine\\" are very nice acoustic songs, but their hard-rock songs are better. Remember, that Led Zeppelin wrote their songs for many different genres including blues, metal, rock, rock n' roll, and eclectic. Still a good disc even though I didn't like all of it.
B00004RF9I|5.0|Network, (made in 1976) has done very little to date itself. It has more relevance in society than it did in those golden years of television when it was made. Since 1976, the market has become more flooded with insistantly rambling reality shows like Survivor, American Idol and Fear Factor, which in many ways are like the Howard Beale show in Network.<br />Howard Beale? He could be seen as the main character, after all the said show of his revolves around his lunatic government rantings, but this brings back the statement of is he the main character? Whether or not this is true, however doesnt show in Peter Finch's amazing portrayal of the maniac Howard Beale, using Shakespearean and stage acting to stagger his way through the explosive TV broadcasts. But did he do it alone?<br />No. Simply. The film's ensemble cast is quite impressive, ranging from big time actors of the period like Robert Duvall and Faye Dunawya to small character actors like Beatrice Straight and Ned Beatty. Its definitly a character driven piece, and it shows through the talent of the cast. William Holden plays the former head of news at the TV studio, Duvall as the savage conglomerate hatchetman manning the whole network, Straight as Holden's wife and Faye Dunaway as the seductive programmer who seduces Holden and steals his show all at the same time. It's a kudos cast, especially from a year that showed another great ensemble in All the President's Men. <br />But the film wouldnt have been the way it was without two talented veterans of show business Sidney Lumet and Paddy Chayefsky. Chayefsky, who has won an unmatched 3 oscars for screenplay, (including Network) worked for two years carefully sculpting the script making it perfect, and Lumet played out his dream brilliantly on the big screen with this satire. <br />The audience laughs it's way through the last bit of classic TV with Beale twitching madly on stage after the network terminates him. AFI ranked this brilliant satire for a reason. Its great film making.
B000002J03|5.0|When I say that this is my favorite I don't mean that this was their best disc. What I mean is that I can listen to this disc all the way through. \\"Whole Lotta Love\\" kept up the tradition of hard-rocking songs at the beginning of the disc, but it was so good that their manager broke his policy of them only producing albums, not singles! \\"What Is and What Should Never Be\\" is a great song and is next. I didn't like \\"Lemon Song\\" or \\"Thank You,\\" but then come \\"Heartbreaker/Livin' Love Maid\\" which make up for the previous two songs. \\"Ramble On\\" is by far my favorite song on the disc with nice vocals and guitar. \\"Moby Dick\\" is also a pretty cool song in which John Bonham showed his talents on drums, but this song is much better live. This is the first disc where you can tell that Led Zeppelin is something special. You can tell because each of the band members get to show how good they really are.
B00005JM0B|4.0|In response to Ryan Capuano's review (and others?) who had trouble believing the TX was stronger than the T-850 (Arnold's character) because she is smaller - new technology generally IS smaller, more compact, and more powerful.  Take cell phones for example.  It makes sense that a new and improved Terminator model could also be a smaller and more compact machine.<br />As for the movie, it was a pretty good action movie.  The effects were improved over the previous movies - when parts of the terminator get blown away, you can actually see through the gaps and holes in it, unlike the previous films where they might have stuck make-up over top of his face to simulate the cyborg skeleton underneath the flesh.<br />I've read some complaints about character development.  I tend to agree, although it wasn't a fatal flaw in the movie.  In T2, Arnold's character was able to learn to mimic human behavior and during the course of the movie, he became more human as he learned more about them.  This movie lacked that.  His character didn't seem to have that ability (except for the funny &quot;Talk to the hand&quot; gag) and that was part of the magic of T2.<br />Something funny to ponder - in the scene at the convenience store, when the T-850 (Arnold) grabs food and supplies from the store, he pauses at the sunglasses display.  When he walks out, he's wearing his pair of expensive glasses ($175 a pair).  Uh-huh.  Tell me he found THOSE on one of those cheap convenience store racks!<br />So, it doesn't quite measure up to T2, but I still recommend it as a good action movie and a decent close to the story.  Much better than some other action movies of late.
B000002J09|5.0|This is not their best album, but it is still good and has their greatest song ever and maybe one of the greatest song of all time! (Stairway To Heaven) They start out with \\"Black Dog,\\" a hard-rocking song that was way ahead of its time, but I did not care for that song. \\"Rock and Roll\\" is an okay song, but I am tired of it now because I always heard it on a certain car company's comercials. \\"Stairway to Heaven,\\" great vocals, guitar, and drums is their greastest and one of the greatest songs ever, end of story, one thing that would make more people like it is if radio stations stopped plaaying it so many times. \\"Going to California\\" is one of their best acoustic songs. \\"Misty Mountain Hop\\" could be one of their worst songs ever and is what keeps this from being their best album. \\"Battle of Evermore\\" is one of their more mystical songs and is pretty cool. One of the most popular albums ever, it is easy to recommend this for anyone, not just Zeppelin or even classic rock fans.
B00005OCMR|5.0|I remember watching Tron on TV during the mid 80s and while i enjoyed the movie I had virtually forgotten about it and how important a movie it really is for early CGI fans.<BR> <BR>Tron looks simply stunning on DVD and I think of it as more a work of art than a movie. The hours of painstaking work involved in making this movie back in 1982 must have been unbelievable, but amazingly it got completed and has stood the test of time quite well. The bonus features are very well done and tell you virtually everything you will ever want to know about Tron and its creation. I also enjoyed watching the movie with the audio commentary, which I found both informative and amusing. The new<BR>5.1 dolby soundtrack is simply stunning and has to be heard to be believed.<BR> <BR>I was trying to think of a movie to compare Tron with, but to be honest Tron is a true original. The computer world which Flynn enters looks beautiful and was designed to resemble the line 'vector' graphics which were cutting edge videogame technology back in 1979-1982. Everything that takes place inside the computer has a neon look, backlit using blue, red, yellow, etc.<br />If you are a fan of videogames, computers or just 80's retro, buy this movie and take a trip into the world of Tron.
B000096IB6|4.0|Matt Murdock (Affleck) loses his sight (and his father when he refuse to take a dive in a boxing match for some petty criminals) from a childhood accident.  But it upgraded all of his other senses and becomes the vigilante know as Daredevil (at night, while he becoming a lawyer by day).<br />I admit, I have a thing when movies being made from comic books (or even from TV shows etc.) because most of them don't translate very well or that it should be left alone.  But not this one!  Everyone should commended for a great job with this film, it's a brilliant film from start to finish.  Jennifer Garner does a great job (although it seems like it was limited) playing Elektra (who has a martial arts background, captures Daredevil/Murdock's heart).
B0000DZ3EA|4.0|For so many artists, they always seem to be manufactured, rather than set the field for technology and innovation. Very few artists seem to really respect that, and that is just a shame. Still, there are some already who truthfully seem to understand it in full format. Other than everyone else, Peter Gabriel is absolutely one of those performers. He has always made music an innovation and just an excitement all around. Nearly about 35 years after he started his way on stage, as the first frontman of Genesis, he continues to shock audiences and people all around. Finally, his time as a solo act gracefully has paid off.<br />The 2003 album, Hit, ironically titled, consists of nearly 30 of Peter Gabriel's tracks from his solo era. The collection is nothing new from his loyal fans from the 80's. The songs truthfully range with all his dynamic innovations with technology and music that keeps getting better. The collection also adds a little more than his previous collection, Shaking The Tree - 16 Golden Greats. The collection consists of a majority of songs including Sledgehammer, Shock The Monkey, Big Time, and Red Rain. Still, there is absolutely a little bit more than meets the eye, as the collection also includes hit songs like In Your Eyes, a track that was misplaced from Peter's previous greatest hits collection, as well as tracks that were from his last two full-length records, Us and the lackluster Up, like Steam, and Love To Be Loved.<br />Although it is just a shame that many people don't seem to respect Peter Gabriel as an artist anymore, largely because of what seems to be hot in \\"Manufactured Corporate Pop\\" like Britney Spears and Jennifer Lopez on the market today you can't help but enjoy the art and the majestic voice he has made with music throughout the 70's, 80's and 90's. Yet with all the phoney and fictional acts now, Peter Gabriel has something no other act seems to have, a sense for real music out there.
0790729725|1.0|We all know how great this movie is...yada...yada...yada. Its one of scorsese's best, if not the best.  But this DVD is awful, the picture is not up to par, it seems a little better than VCR levels, there are errors on the print, just not good.  No commentary; outakes; deleted scenes..nada! and the kicker is that its a TWO-SIDED DVD! you have to flip it over to continue the movie! who ever heard of that?  this came out in the DVD early days and was rushed to the market.  A new SE with commentary is on its way out, so for those of you who can, i highly recommend waiting for the new version.
B000092ZYX|4.0|For those of you who gave this album a low rating because you don't like Radiohead...then why the hell are you writing a review for it anyway? Giving a bad review to a type of music you don't even enjoy listening to is just stupid and ridiculous. I mean...come on! Some of you people suggested bands like Metallica, Pink Floyd, etc. instead of Radiohead...such nonsense because they're not even in the same music genre! So if you're reading these reviews because you're not sure whether to buy the album or not, don't even bother reading low-rating reviews from non-Radiohead fans; their reviews don't count.<br />A few of you claimed that Radiohead stole some of the stuff from The Beta Band...well where have you been? Music exists because it is built-on and borrowed from previous or other artists. If you haven't noticed, all music is borrowed from another artist in some way or another, and the styles are then added on using the artist's own styles. Radiohead borrowed some different styles from many different artists, then added their stuff, and as a result produced something new. You probably forgot or didn't realize that The Beta Band probably also use different styles from other artists as well, and then added their own stuff.<br />Also some of you claimed that Radiohead is overrated, why? Maybe because they actually have talent and play music because it's their passion and not because they want popularity. They became popular because so many people like them...they didn't choose to be popular. Their numerous fans made them popular. There are lots of bands, Creed for example, that are truly overrated. Radiohead is not.<br />Finally, for those of you who are ex-Radiohead fans who claimed that Radiohead is getting worse and worse after each album, then probably because you enjoy the old style of Radiohead, which was purely rock. But being a Radiohead fan you should've known that the band likes to try out new things and styles in each of their albums. I believe the reason why they keep trying out new stuff is so they can find better ways to express different moods in their songs. To me, Pablo Honey wasn't that good...it was okay...but The Bends is the album that started showing the band's true talents.<br />As for this CD, it is a good CD, but OK Computer and Kid A, 2 of their masterpiece, are still by far the best of all of their albums. If you have enjoyed Radiohead up to Amnesiac, then I recommend you purchase this album.
B00005JMFO|5.0|Loved it from begining.  The two hours flew by.  You have to listen to the opening by Hugh Grant.  Acting was very good.  Would love to see a sequel next year.
B00009MGQL|5.0|In my opinion this is possibly his best work yet.  It took me several listens to get into it but as a guitarist myself I'd say that Jeff Beck's 'touch' has certainly come back on this one.  The last 2 CDs were very good with moments of the old Jeff Beck magic from the 1970s, but generally they weren't up to his old standards.  But this one is back on form.  The musical texture, character and atmosphere he creates by using what can only be described as jaw-dropping guitar techniques is like nothing else I've ever heard. I think possibly that some of the less glowing reviews here are the result of people not giving it enough time to really appreciate it.  I think this will become a classic.<BR> If you play guitar you should certainly get it...and listen carefully.
B0000DZ3EA|4.0|This is a really good CD for those who want an overview of PG.  But I'm guessing that most of those who will pay for this CD are already PG fans, and thus have already heard all these songs before (and already own them all).  What PG needs to do, it seems to me, is to go back and redo some of his older material with the current sound he's mastered.  When he released US about 10 years ago, he remade &quot;Games Without Frontiers&quot; and it was awesome.  He also did a mellow, moody version of &quot;Steam.&quot;  On the GROWING UP DVD there's a great new mix of &quot;More Than This&quot; that illustrates my point completely.  Instead of giving us the same stuff over and over (like Sting who has released I believe 3 different 'Greatest Hits' compilations in the past 10 years--of the same batch of songs), give the true fans something worth our $15.00.  Another idea would be to go back through the studio recordings from the past 15 years and find some alternate recordings and demos.  You know they'd sound good--PG is known for being a perfectionist in the studio.  And, from everything that's been said about PG, you know that there's a lot of material there. I read somewhere that he started with about 100 songs and riffs that was eventually boiled down to 10 songs for UP. The process took about 10 years, working off and on.  Why can't some of that be made available for the true fans?  Anyway, these are just my personal gripes...  I love PG--always will--he's a brilliant artist in a music world full of tripe and garbage.  If you want a good look at his career so far, this is better than &quot;Shaking the Tree.&quot;
B0000CDLA7|2.0|I amazed at some reviews referring to this as DT's best ever and how creative it is. It isn't their best by a long shot, and how much creativity gets translated to a solid musical effort in only 3 weeks? Should you buy this CD? If you're a true fan of progressive rock you will be disapppointed. If you like heavier, distorted metal that is not much different than many of the other metal bands out there, it's for you. 'Honor Thy Father' may be their worst song to date. <BR>I'm still a dedicated fan of DT, will probably see them yet again in concert, and I'm keeping my fingers crossed for the next effort.
B0000640VO|4.0|In order to fully appreciate this film, the viewer has to focus not on all that it isn't, rather all that it is - a charming, entertaining and inspiring movie. It's not meant to be a realistic, &quot;Wow, that could happen to me!&quot; kind of movie. More like, &quot;Wow, I WISH that could happen to me!&quot; Amelie is a movie to watch when you're feeling kind of low, and need a good mood lifter.
B0000E1ALR|3.0|A Bruce compilation cannot be titled as 'Essential' when some key songs are absent; to name but a few: 'Bobby Jean' (perhaps the center piece of 'Born in the U.S.A.) 'Better Days' (the best song from 'Human Touch' and 'Lucky Town' period), 'It's hard to be a saint in the city' (both essential and influential for other artists, such as David Bowie!!), 'Murder Incorparated', 'Point Blank', 'Racing in the street'. A far better choice for 'The River' would be the 'Live 1975-85' version.<br />Despite this, the track selection is strong enough for those who do not know the impressive Springsteen career. Consider how difficult is to select only 160 minutes of Springsteen music (this is the silly restriction imposed onto creativity and music quality by this kind of compilations).
6304428928|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time in about 1991. I have loved watching this movie again and again over the past twelve years. Dustin Hoffman is a genius in the film. I say that because good acting is only good if you don't notice that it is &quot;acting&quot;. I truly believed Dustin Hoffman was Raymond Babbit throughout the movie. The realism of autism brought out by Hoffman and the writers is spot on. I have a cousin who is an autistic savant, and the similarities are incredible -- and my cousin wasn't even born when I first saw the movie so watching it again later in years brought out another meaning for me.<br />If you are the least bit curious, feed your curiosity. This is honestly a good film.
0780020685|5.0|When someone asks me what my favorite movie is, the immediate response is &quot;Seven Samurai&quot;, the only movie that ever brought a tear to my eye.  <BR>This heroic tale is a tale about real men, men of no materialism, no induldgence (except for one), no pride, men of great temperance, honor, justice, fortitude and courage.  These are the things that make this movie so great.  <br />Seven virutous and skilled men who defend the weak from naked aggression with no concern of personal possesions or of whether they live or die.  They fight for the shear fact that it is the right thing to do, that it is the moral choice, that the just act is action itself, and that inaction will lead to the loss of innocent lives.  Never has a greater film been made or a greater story been told.<br />Some of my favorite warrior movies are Gladiator, Braveheart, Tombstone, The Patriot, and others of this type, but the men in these movies fight for vengence, and the men in Seven Samurai don't, thats why I have to rank Seven Samurai as my absolute favorite, number 1 movie of all time.
B00005JMFR|1.0|This movie is boring. I feel like I am watching Aliens and Superman. I feel like that they are cutting some sences from Aliens and pasting them here and there... cutting some more from Superman and pasting them over there.  Story is not good at all. The movie only mentions the philosophical issues brought up by the second movie.  It doesn't really discuss what it is so special about these issues.  Most of the time, the movie only mentions the wording. There is no meaning behind the wording.<br />IMO, the second and the third movies switches the focus to Agent Smith. I think they should have more dialogs for Agent Smith rather to just make him punch and punch and punch something all the time everytime I see him show up in the movie.<br />Maybe this is why the movie is so boring.  There is nothing to tell regarding The One and his followers anymore.  And the contents from the special effects are 10-20 years old. (i.e. you punch me, I punch you back. There is nothing special about this.)
B000002J23|5.0|On 1980's Drama, Yes lost two key elements of their sound: Jon Anderson and Rick Wakeman. However, contrary to popular belief, Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes did a good job on this album. Howe, Squire, and White are all excellent. The cd isn't that much of a departure of their classic material. Classic Yes fans will most likely enjoy Machine Messiah and Tempus Fugit, both excellent songs. This is a very underrated album which deserves more recognition.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Let's be honest. This is the greatest rock/pop all round band of all time and this album once again confirms it. This opinion is indeed shared by a lot of people but what is important is that the opinion is held by a lot of both casual and serious music listeners. For every Australian I come across who has a large collection (say over 500 albums) Journey figures prominently and is generally in that person's top 5. Why are Journey the greatest? Has anyone ever heard a bad Neal Schon solo. Add either of the two Steves on vocals and throw in the songwriting credentials from their ranks and you have the ultimate all-time band. Believe it or not, most Australians have never heard of Journey as their songs never made the radio (too many notes and variations compared to most down under music). You will often hear a negative review about a certain Journey album but this generally comes about because they have so many brilliant albums. This album is one of the brilliant ones with the focus in the song writing on long term relationships. Loved By You is the stand out track but every song is a gem. Neal Schon is arguably superior to any other rock guitarist of all time with Steve Lukather a close second. I notice too that these two are still delivering great albums both with their respective bands and on a solo basis as well. <br />Journey to me has rached across the masses so much better than all other bands because they have so many diiferent types of appeals in their music. This album is another great demonstration of that ability. People who love pop/rock will love this album irrespective of your age or level of music development, whether it be Sesame Street, Metallica, Barbra Streisand or Steely Dan.<br />Now get out there and buy this album and make sure you own both Infinity (Feeling That Way is the most underated Journey song) and Escape as well. If I had to pick my favourites, it would be these three.
B00005JM02|5.0|Pixar continues to dominate computer animation with the crowd-pleasing family blockbuster \\"Finding Nemo\\". An overprotective clownfish named Marlin (voiced by Albert Brooks) must face the many perils of the open ocean to rescue his \\"fish-napped\\" son Nemo.  His only ally in this amazing adventure is a forgetful blue tang named Dory (voiced by Ellen DeGeneres). \\"Finding Nemo\\" is an astounding and funny animated experience that sets new standards for computer animation. The fifth animated feature from Pixar Animation Studios was a runaway hit with critics and American audiences and became the top-grossing animated film of all time. \\"Finding Nemo\\" features a funny and enchanting storyline and memorable characters. Albert Brooks and Ellen DeGeneres are an amusing pair with superb comic energy. The top-notch voice cast also includes Geoffrey Rush, Brad Garrett, Allison Janney, Vicki Lewis and Willem Dafoe. The computer animation is definitely groundbreaking with great detail on the underwater scenes and colorful characters.<br /><br />If you're only going to purchase five DVDs this year, then \\"Finding Nemo\\" 2-Disc Collector's Edition should be included. The film is presented in both 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen (Disc 1) and full screen (Disc 2) formats. The picture quality is flawless with amazing clarity and rich use of colors. The Dolby Digital 5.1-EX sound is impressive and quite dynamic. This 2-Disc edition contains great supplemental extras including a filmmakers' visual commentary, an enjoyable virtual aquarium option, \\"Making Nemo\\" documentary, theatrical trailers, deleted scenes and some clever animated menus. Overall, \\"Finding Nemo\\" 2-Disc DVD is an outstanding purchase and definitely scores an \\"A\\".
B0000DYJM6|3.0|Um moron Duran Duran was out before Pearl Jam so it's hard for them to be copying eddie veder or wanna be's......were you not alive in the 80's?
B0000E1ALR|4.0|I started to read the reviews just to get an overall feel of how the set was going over, I must admit, there are some truly clueless folks out there!!<BR>The ones I find most amusing are the whiners who complain about Bruce making money off his fans, DUH!  This is his job, this is how he makes money.  A little music business lesson for the clueless ones.  It's the record company, not the artist who put out these Essentials, Best of's, greatest hits, etc.  These are released in November for one reason, to take advantage of the Xmas season and make money!<BR>Now on to the collection.  I like most fans have all of Springsteens work, so why did I buy this on the day of release?  Because Im a fan, and collections like this are great for the work-place.  It beats lugging around the whole catalog of music.  There are some favorites missing..Candys Room, Racin in the Street, Sherry Darling, but thats a minor issue.<BR>If your one of the many who saw Bruce on his recent tour, and not familar with his work, this is a must have.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|This DVD is so good from Dancing to SInging to Chers Beautiful talent. This DVD is awesome. I recommend it with 10 stars unfortuantely here we can only give 5. I think Cher is Just Plain Awesome.  J....Chicago
B00005OAIE|5.0|The minute I put in this CD, I realized this guy is a musician.  He can do chord progressions reminiscent of Chicago.  I think listeners get so caught up in who sounds like the current sound that they fail to notice that this guy can play music and he's got a really good ear for doing something musically different.  That's refreshing.<br />On top of all that, he uses his lyrics to paint strong feelings.  Like the letter to his parents, probably, asking if he shouldn't have had a say in the throwing away of the remnants of his childhood.  Like the song that says he's putting away the camera so he can see the beauty of the world with his own two eyes.  There's pain on this CD, but it's nicely balanced with a positive view of the world.  Like the song where he says he may have seen her in a sandbox or passed her on the street, and may have just missed noticing that one person meant for him.  Yeah, it's romantic, but isn't that a nice change in itself?<br />If you appreciate music, I mean real music, buy this CD.  If you want bubblegum pop, there's always Pink.
B00005JMFR|5.0|To the Wachowski brothers, I say, thank you. You didn't underestimate your audience, you didn't compromise your vision, and what you created is wonderful.<BR>Revolutions brings to an end the greatest science fiction epic ever put on film, and does so beautifully. Though it requires an attentive audience that is willing to think about the story, about its symbolism and its implications, about the questions it answers as well as those it leaves open to interpretation and debate, it never the less fulfills, and regardless of what the critics and the nit-pickers and the nay-sayers claim, it does resolve nicely, concluding in the only way that it really could. It also definitely lives up to all that came before it. Revolutions is a fantastic film, which will be even better when viewed consecutively with the first two movies, because ultimately, its all one continous story.<BR>This is a story gives back to the viewer that which the viewer is willing to put into it. If you want nothing more than action and special fx, it delivers, and if you want something to ponder for years to come, it delivers this as well. <BR>Personally, in the future, if I ever see anything that even remotely compares with it in content and passion, I will be amazed. I doubt that's likely though.
0385504209|3.0|Overall, I found this book to be very entertaining. The theories were interesting, the plot moved quickly and there was plenty of suspense. No, the writing wasn't spectacular and the characters lacked depth, but so what? It was a good, fun read.<br />Don't take this book too seriously. It's fiction, people! If you're worried/offended/disturbed about the theories contained within, get off your duff and do your own research...then you can form an educated opinion. This is a novel, not a theological treatise!
B00008VGL6|5.0|This is definitely better album than his first counterfeit album. Every song on this album is good. The best songs on this album are: In my time of dying, stardust, I cast a lonesome shadow, loverman,  and oh my love. Martin does a great job in all these remakes. This great song writer does a great tribute to all the artist that wrote these songs.
B00005JKZV|5.0|At the outset, Peter Jackson and company has done an incredible job of bringing Tolkien's vision to the screen. I first read The Lord of the Rings almost 30 years ago, and I felt the books were unfilmable with the then current technology. Even with today's state-of-the-art CGI, I still felt that the LOTR could not be filmed properly, unless the people making the film had a great understanding and love for the source material.  It is obvious from watching the films that Peter Jackson, et al, has a great awareness and compassion for Tolkien's work. <br />I realize the immense differences between the two mediums of the written page and films and the challenges adapting one from the other. So I accepted the changes in the movies weighed against the books without much grievance, i.e.:  Tom Bombadil's absence; Faramir's personality change; Frodo & Sam in Osgiliath; the presence of the elves at Helm's Deep; Arwen's expanded presence; even the silliness of Gimli's character, etc.<br />But there is one element of the movies that disturbs me. It's the films treatment of the \\"ring\\" itself. This is where I get to be a LOTR geek, so bear with me!  In the books, Sauron never had a psychic connection with the ring as it's portrayed in the films, so he's never certain who the ringbearer is. Frodo never sees the \\"eye\\" when he puts on the ring, and vice versa. This is a major plot device in the books, especially in The Return of the King, where Aragorn is in possession of Saruman's palantiri, and uses it deliberately to allow Sauron to track Aragorn's whereabouts and thereby deceiving Sauron into thinking he had the ring.  In so doing, Sauron's attention was averted from Mordor where Frodo and Sam were able to enter virtually undetected.  <br />Thus far in the films, Sauron knows exactly who and where the ringbearer is, and that makes it impossible for the ringbearer to enter Mordor unnoticed. I see this as the one major flaw in Peter Jackson's visualization of LOTR and I hope this problem is resolved in The Return of the King.
B00005U1YO|5.0|This album rocks from the first song to the last song. Come with us is mind blowing techno that is really great. It began in afrika, star guitar, galaxy bounce, and the test are real good. If you are fan of dj music this is as good as it gets.
B000069AUI|5.0|While firmly in the minimalist-rock tradition of Pink Floyd, U2, R.E.M., Radiohead et al., Coldplay has an ear for melody and sound that should make their musical fathers and older brothers drop their jaws with envy, even if it doesn't.<br />The first 5 tracks of this CD are undisputable classics...and track 8 has one of the most beautiful &quot;transitions&quot; in song structure that I've ever heard.<br />Oh, and one more thing - it's so nice to hear a keyboard-dominated band for once. A hundred gazillion guitar bands are just a bit much to take, don't you think?
B00009V7T2|5.0|This album has restored my faith in music. Our generation's music is unacceptable (yes aside from few bands). But think of the crap people listen to now a days. Just about any teenager can pick up a guitar, turn up the distortion palm mute three power chords and be a rock star. This band is so complex that it is disgusting. And whoever says it's over the top is insane. I dare anyone to try and compose such a masterpiece... impossible. sheer brilliance. a MUST HAVE.
B000000WFF|5.0|Sometime in April of last year I got this little bug in me.  I just wanted to listen to the spice girls.  I had &quot;spice&quot; by them but not &quot;spiceworld.&quot;  So I bought it.  Now I have to say that this album is such fun and so much better than most of the pop out now.  You have &quot;spice up your life&quot; and &quot;do it&quot; on here.  Both songs are dance, full of movement and just full of energy!<br />Put this album on and you realize how much fun that time in your life actually was, how much you've changed but also how much you cna still look back on the old times and remember everything.  The spice girls ruled the world while they were around, and I didn't mind.
B00005NKW3|5.0|That Christmas is synonymous with \\"big business\\" and profits are not new concepts.  The Miracle on 34th Street, which was released in 1947 by 20th Century-Fox, evolves around this same theme.  Today, times haven't really changed much, if not things have gotten worse.  That is probably why an updated version in 1994 of this Oscar-winning picture was also successful.  <br />But, in this black and white comedy classic that was directed by George Seaton, Edmund Gwenn, who delivered an Oscar-winning performance as Kris Kringle, attempts to change the minds of each parent and child about the true meaning of Christmas.  He is hired as Santa Claus for Macy's in New York by divorced mother Doris Walker, who is played by the beautiful Maureen O'Hara, though her acting is somewhat stilted in this movie.  It is easy to see why Gwenn received the Oscar with his quit wit and flowing lines, as he works his way into the hearts of the public as Santa Claus.  As Santa Claus, he encourages Macy's shoppers to use other store chains when products are unavailable or the quality of the item is not the best.  These recommendations promote Macy's as a company of good will and the \\"miracle\\" begins.  Not to be out done, Macy's competitors join in the fray by adopting similar practices.  Doris Walker's daughter Susan (played by a very young Natalie Wood) has been taught by her mother not to believe in dreams or fairy tales, and she is very skeptical when she meets Santa Claus.  Doris, who is concerned about the man she has hired as Santa Claus and fears that he may be somewhat delusional, has Kris Kringle examined by the store's nasty psychologist.  Because Kris Kringle truly believes he is Santa Claus, the psychologist tricks Kris Kringle and has him placed in a mental institution. John Payne, who plays attorney Fred Gailey and who has also taken a personal interest in the Walker's, befriends Santa Claus.  The writers did an excellent job developing Gailey's character and his interaction withthe Walker's and Santa Claus.  Mr. Gailey takes on Kris Kringle's case to prevent the state from permanently committing him to an institution for only trying to keep the spirit of Christmas alive.  <br />The miracle of this enduring movie is that we need to remember to believe in our dreams just as this jolly ole Saint Nick tried to remind all of the people on 34th Street.  This film is timeless and was well done.  It also won awards for Best Original Story and Best Screenplay.  It is a great family movie and it deserves a \\"look\\", especially during the holiday season.
B000069HKH|5.0|Once again, Bruce puts his finger on it, lyrically and musically, and delivers a moving classic.
0446530891|2.0|He is one of my favorite, and although this looks like an exciting book, it was actually boring and even dumb!  I was really disappointed.  I hope his next is better.
B0000CC5CS|5.0|I've been a fan of Arnold for some time. He's not a serious dramatic actor, so I don't try to compare him to more serious Oscar-caliber actors. He's an action star and there's no questioning this. He does it with a certain flair and his one-liners would sound ridiculous spoken by anyone else.<br />Terminator 3 is a great sequel to Terminator 2, with more car chase sequences and firearms usage. When it comes to action movies for 2002-2003, Terminator 3 is one of the best.<br />My only wish is that they come out with Terminator 4 and show more of the future resistance members fighting Skynet instead of 5-10 minute snippets of T-100s (w/o any skin) firing lasers, walking on skeletons with the gliders hovering over the air.<br />What made this movie even better was seeing how Skynet really got started and how the US Air Force was involved.
1878424319|1.0|I never felt the need to review a book before, but felt it necessary this time to warn off potential future readers (especially given the # of stars it has received.)<br />I've had anger management issues, and joined a local support group to help me deal with my problems.  They stated that this book was their Bible and that I should read it.<br />So, I read it (in one sitting) and felt really good about things.  Sure, it was a little repetitive, but I figured that was just my negative side coming out, so I ignored my feelings.  I re-read parts of it over the next couple of weeks, and slowly started developing doubts about the book (especially as compared to other books I was reading at the time, more specifically dealing with anger problems.)<br />What I finally realized was that this book is crap.  The ideas aren't crap, the book is.  In terms of my own problems, this book was about as helpful as somebody telling me that &quot;Your anger is just the Parasite.  Starve the parasite, and the anger will leave you.&quot;  Well, gee whiz, why didn't *I* think of that?!<br />I finally started seeing the truth of this book, when I started looking online for references to Don Ruiz.  I found his website, and all of the hokey &quot;retreats&quot; and &quot;power journeys&quot;, and a picture of people gathered around a bonfire, all wearing white clothing.  Give me a break.  I felt like I had just been the victim of brainwashing by a cult.<br />Again, the ideas in the book are good ones.  They are just not presented in a way that will actually help you to achieve real change.  Real change is hard.  It takes concerted effort, and practical day-to-day tools that you can use.  Change doesn't come about simply because you &quot;decide&quot; to kill your parasite (a term used in this book which I found to be very creepy.)<br />If I were a Toltec, I would haunt Don Miguel in his dreams until he stops profitting off of my well-intentioned ideas.
B00005T30L|5.0|... I ...watched the film.  At first I thought it was too long but then I watched it again and realized, it was worth every minute.  Thora Birch is [cute]...as ever and Scarlett Johanson is perfect in one of her first major \\"teenager roles\\".  I can't wait to see Scarlett in Lost in Translation.  Of course what is an indie film without Steve Buscemi?  He plays the character of Seymour very well and is a veritable imitation of director Terry Swigoff through inspiration of cartoonist Robert Crumb.  Other good performances come from Bob Balaban as Thora's father, his stuttering and spontaniety kept me in stitches!  Brad Renfro was good playing the straight man Josh.  I'd never seen Brad in the Client so seeing his acting was a first for me!  David Sheridan, better known for playing Deputy Doofy in Scary Movie is hilarious here as mullet head punk Doug.  The film is based on a comic book which I bought after seeing the movie and it is wonderfully written and the art is done in all light green.  That's something else to look for throughout this movie.  The color green is in just about every scene.  I also own the soundtrack which has a lot of old blues songs; some taken from the original 78s of Terry Swigoff's own collection.<br />As for the DVD extras.  There are 3 deleted scenes which aren't really necessary; an alternate shot of Illeana Douglas' character showing the infamous pavement pants to some museum gazers telling them its title is \\"Wasteland\\", and 2 alternate shots of Doug fighting with the convienence store clerk.<br />The DVD contains a soundtrack spot commercial which is nice.<br />The theatrical trailer which as I stated earlier rocks!<br />Theatrical trailers of other DVDs connected with United Artists.<br />A Making of the Film.<br />And finally one of the most funniest extras is the complete \\"music video\\" of Mohammed Rafi's \\"Jaan Pehechan Ho\\" playing at the beginning of the film; taken from the 1960s Indian film \\"Gumnaam\\" which is actually one of the mostviolent movies in the world but this one part that was used from it is pure 60s rock and roll hilarity.<br />I can really relate to this film.  I myself had no idea my life would turn out the way it did after high school.  I am surprised I have come this far.  If you are a fan of Thora Birch, Scarlett Johanson, Steve Buscemi or you enjoy teenage dramedies, check out Ghost World and go to your local comic book store to see if they have any copies of the book!<br />I LOVE YOU THORA!
B00005JMFI|5.0|Elf is well worth going to see on the big screen.  It's a laugh a minute holiday film for the whole family. Will Ferrel is hilarious!!! He did a great job acting naive and happy-go-lucky when he went to the city.  It's definitely worth the watching. I haven't laughed that hard and long in a long time.
B00006CXXU|2.0|HI X-tina fans! I bought this album cause her first one was REALLY good!When  I saw the video &quot;Dirrty&quot; I thought it was a good dance song then when I purchased the album I only liked 3of 20 songs! Wich is &quot;Fighter&quot;,&quot;Beautiful&quot;,&amp; the Dirty track&quot;Dirrty&quot;! Okay she wrote all of the songs! Wich is pretty good and has an AMAZING voice,but she should go back to her Geine days cause &quot;Stripped isn't what I expected 2 thumbs down and lost an fan also I say Britney is Better buy IN THE ZONE before you wanna get Dirrty! Well bye!
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Dream Theater focus on producing music. Not pop, rock or metal made for radio that everyone seems to focus on buying because the record industry wants you too. This band is on a major label because they are the best at what they do. Buy this record and listen to it with all the thought you can muster. Then you will understand and appreciate the art of DT. <br />Of all the albums this great band has made I'd have to say this is a 5 star! Heavy, progressive, with all the power and awe that is Dream Theater. You won't find 2-3 minute songs. You'll instead find thoughtful, aggressive music and in your face lyrics designed to make you feel a myriad of emotions.<br />Train of Thought makes you think. It gives you chills. 7 songs charting near 70 minutes. Of all the albums yet this is the best. I don't understand where fans see this as a 1-3 star rating. This band is better than 95% of what's out there. The best part is they are consistent every time...<br />If you are looking for energy, speed, time changes, harmony, epic solos and power then this is the band for you. DT has to be the greatest live band touring if the not one of the best bands of this genre or music period! You won't regret Train of Thought or any other DT album.
B00000JPHD|4.0|Not many thrilling special effects here, but none are needed. So sad to see how Bela Lugosi forever embedded himself into this character. This is the orginal &amp; just as scary,if you ignore the bat on a string !
0385504209|5.0|The hero of our story Robert Langdon is in Paris on business hrecieves a phone call thar curator of the Louvre has been murdered.Langdon had been scheduled to meet with the curator that night but the curator failed to show.A ciphered message is found on the floor near the body.Langdon teams up with French Cryptologist Sophie Neveu to try to solve this mystery.Many of the clues lie within the works of DaVinci.<br />  Langdon discovers that the curator was involved with the Priory of Sion a secret society whose members include Sir Isaac<br />Newton,Botticelli,Victor Hugo,and Da Vinci.He believes that this society is hunting for an ancient secret.<br />  Neveu and Langdon race across Paris and London trying to out wit a secret powerbroker.His identity will shock you.The ending of the book will shock you as well.<br /> This is an excellent book that I enjoyed reading.It is definitely classified as a page turner.
0385504209|1.0|If only I had 1000 acres of Florida swamp land;  I would solicit all of the folks giving this hardbound nonsense a 4 star review.  This book reads like it was written by a National Enquirer staffer. Truly a side show that would have made Barnum<br />drool.
B00005JMFR|3.0|Man, after the Matrix Reloaded I thought that this movie was going to have a hard time topping it, becuase of all the great fight sequences. Yuen Woo Ping was the fight choreographer for the first two films and Reloaded was AWESOME! But Mr. Yuen could have taken this one off, there was only 1 fight scene and that was at the end and it kind of sucked because they just flew around. You throw in a complicated and confusing story and you come up with:  DISAPOINTMENT. I'm sorry, but I sure expected more from this movie. I knew it would have been impossible to top Reloaded, but they could have at least tried. This movie manages three stars based solely on the first two movies. This movie on its merits only deserves one maybe two.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Mere words cannot dscribe this newest gem by Josh Groban.  You must experience it!!
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh Groban's voice is like musical therapy for the soul, an audible feast for the ears and heart.  This sophomore CD gives us as listeners an amazing experience, from the drama of Oceano to the intertwining of Josh Groban's baritone with Joshua Bell's violin on Mi Mancherai, we're transported into another dimension, where pain eases, loneliness and grief are diminished, and we find ourselves smiling, smiling and humming, as Josh Groban's pure tones ring in our ears.  English, French, Spanish and Italian, Celtic influences, an Edith Piaf standard, and an original collaboration, Remember When it Rained, make the theme of the cd musical diversity, and bring us Closer to who Josh Groban really is.
B0000C9V3T|4.0|I must say, if you got the soundtrack for all 4 of Tarantino films you would be quite happy. Another excellent soundtrack to surprise and blow away your friends with. I mean even the Zamfir (master of the pan flutes) song is cool! Enhanced Stuff - You will see some very brief scenes from vol 2 in trailer 3. Highly Recommended.
B0000A36J5|5.0|Is the film that the theatrical release SHOULD have been.<br />This film ties up the loose ends and answers many of the questions that were created in the theatrical release, was much more enjoyable to watch, and has at least one Easter egg that I've stumbled upon so far.<br />I'd write more about this, but I've got to go watch the Gollum disc now. :)<br />(I HIGHLY recommend this over the theatrical release, btw.)
B000000WCX|4.0|Although the 1970s were clearly David Bowie's most fertile period artistically, and a period he will almost certainly never again equal, &quot;Earthling&quot; is Bowie's first offering since his commercial detour in the 80s that gives us a taste of his true talent.  Eschewing his pop-ballad crooning, so prevalent in his output over the last two decades, Bowie revives the post-modern, ironic outlook of his best seventies work and sets it to a techno-rock backdrop, mostly to convincing effect.  The result is a selection of nine songs of generally high caliber, with a sonic and thematic cohesiveness uncommon in much of Bowie's work.  The strongest tracks here (for me, at least) are the opening &quot;Little Wonder,&quot; and the savagely intense &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans,&quot; but there is very little in the way of weak moments on the album.<br />What keeps &quot;Earthling&quot; from being a truly great Bowie album is the sense that Bowie is trying to adapt to an existing musical scene, rather than forging his own trail.  Drums-and-bass were cutting edge in 1997, but Bowie certainly did not invent them.  In 2003, when the drums-and-bass sound is already passe, the listener can easily get the feeling that Bowie was consciously trying to modernize his sound, rather than coming from a more organic place of inspiration; the effect is timely and ephemeral, rather than timeless and eternal.<br />The dated sound notwithstanding, &quot;Earthling&quot; as a whole holds up surprisingly well.  One particular delight is being able to hear the amazing guitar work of Reeves Gabrels in a setting other than the dismal, and inherently limited, Tin Machine.  Gabrels's sound meshes perfectly with the techno elements Bowie employs, and the effect is much more vibrant and alive than anything the two of them put forth in that shortlived band.<br />Bowie may never return to the greatness he showed during the 1970s.  However, this album shows that he is far from being an aging legend content to rely on his past.  &quot;Earthling&quot; is the sound of an artist at work, and a pretty good sound it is at that.<br />Currently, this disc is out of print -- a preposterous turn of events, when you consider the ready availability of Bowie's uninspired 80s albums.  Hopefully it will be returned to circulation sometime soon.  In the meantime, you should be able to find a decent used copy with a little effort; that's how I got mine.
0380820846|4.0|This book is great, but, again, I had to save my 5 star rating for those books that that are perfect!!<br />This is the fourth novel in the &quot;Bridgeton&quot; series...following &quot;The Viscount who Loved Me&quot; &quot;An Offer from a Gentleman&quot;  and followed by &quot;To Sir Phillip, With Love&quot; and soon...&quot;When He was Wicked.&quot;<br />I really liked this story.  Penelope has always been a character that I admired...one of those that has been in all the ridgerton novels and we knew we wanted to read more about...and who had a brain amongst all the pretty faces in the ballroom.  Penelope has always had a crush on Colin...but he thinks of her as a sister.  Penelope has a side that she doesn't let anyoen else see...and it takes Colin opening her up and lady danbury's coaxing to bring her out of her shell!<br />I was both happy to see an end to the Whistledown side story and sad.  The way Lady Danbury brought the subject up as a contest and has the whole ton, including Penelope and Colin, looking at their peers as possible Whistledown's in disguise was just great!  Quinn is great!
0385335482|1.0|This book was AWFUL. It's nothing more than a poorly-done, thinly veiled ripoff of Bridget Jones' Diary only with a far more annoying and less sympathetic main character. And is the author even actually British? I can't find any information on her but it felt like she just threw in British slang here and there as an afterthought so it would make the book trendier. I'm sorry I wasted time reading it.
B0000CDLA7|3.0|I was not expecting this from them.  It seems way to heavy and simple and the songs themselves seem a bit on the boring side.  Its sounds more like a mix between Metalica-ish songs and Yngwie solos.  Im suprised how much DT has moved in prog rock over the years.  Even 6* of Inner Turbulance gave me a bit of shock.  Their recent stuff is simply to heavy and lacks the melody and soul mixed with great rythems, progressions, and intricate passages of the previous materal.  DT had a signature sound throughout the 90's, all of their stuff being very melodic.  I found their older stuff not heavy because of bar chords strummed with heavy distortion, but becuase of the crazy melodic ideas mixed with great rythem and the perfect progressions.  Now it is just heavy, somewhat boring music.  Just listen to all their albums before this one and 6* of Inner Turbulance, and they sound much much different and much more melodic and soulful.  I still will listen to it since its DT and im a loyal fan, but I however am starting to dislike their change and fear what may be in the future.
B00005JM02|5.0|&quot;Finding Nemo&quot; what an adventure.  The movie starts out with Marlin losing his beloved wife and all of his 'baby' eggs except one whom his wife wanted to call Nemo.  As the movie continues we see young Nemo starting school and immediately the adventure begins as he wanders away and is captured by a Scuba diver and taken to a fish tank in Australia.  Dad is heartbroken and vows to find his son.  During his travels he meets up with Dory, a blue fish who has short term memory loss.  What a hoot!<br />My grandchildren sat glued to the TV through this entire movie.<br />It was packed full of eye catching animation and adventure.<br />Three words would best describe this movie: Captivating, imaginative and riveting!  Well done!
B0000CDLA7|1.0|I already wrote a review, but I still have not gotten out all of my anger.  This is really shameful of DT.  I think this album is causing my respect and love of DT to get smaller and smaller every day and shift over to Vai.  Im sorry, but what the **** happened to melody? Theres nothing here.  NOTHING.  Fast, heavy, souless music.  After listening carefully over and over and over again, I come to the same thought, &quot;wow, that was fast, but no melody at all just fast notes.&quot; The songs dont progress anywhere, something I haven't heard with DT other than 6 deg. of inner turbulance.  What made DT great was the mix of soul, melody, technical wizardry, inovation, and progressions that make your heart race. This has no soul, no melody, no inovation, and no great progressions.  Just hard, dark, fast solos and chords, I don't even want to call this music.  Im very dissapointed.  I thought 6 deg. of inner thought would be the end of their metal rage, but obviously they want to be like every other metal band and just planly SUCK.  And for all you who think this is soo great because its soooo fast, go listen to Yngwie Malmsteen or Michael Angelo.  Its all been done before and its getting quite old.  Speed without melody is pointless and boring, no, its annoying.  But speed, melody, inovation, and complex rythems permutating into crazy progressions, thats great fast MUSIC, thats Dream Theater.  This, however, is not Dream Theater.  I think Kevin Moore would be ashamed of this, as I am
B00000AFDW|1.0|Frehley and Criss don't play on the record, for the most part, so it's a dishonest effort, and deceitful since no credits were given to the musicians who actually played drums and lead guitar.<br />Why Kiss did this is beyond me. <br />The songs aren't that good either. The production is too slick, and absent the chopsticks quality that Ace and Peter gave Kiss during the classic years, it's sterile.
B0000C9ZLD|4.0|But not great. I loved Is This It and was expecting Room On Fire to disappoint me. I can say that it did not. I can say that. I can only support what other people have said, because I feel pretty much the same way: It's way too short, it takes several listens to enjoy it, blah blah blah. Should you buy it yes? Is it better than their debut? Not a chance.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|I liked the movie but it seemed to lack the depth of story that the first one had and the special effects were more over the top than necessary.  It also had some melodramatic acting, as expected.  I think you pretty much get what you would expect from a sequel to the Matrix.
B00008BXJF|5.0|It seems that the older each member of King Crimson becomes in age, the younger they become in spirit. You wouldn't believe that a bunch of 50-year-olds would be making music that sounds so heavy and so modern. If one were to listen to some of the tracks on this particular release, without any prior knowledge of this being the product of a musician who made &quot;boring old fart&quot; music in the late 60s and early 70s, they'd most likely be shocked, to say the least. Who am I talking about? That would be Robert Fripp, the driving force behind Crimson -- from '69 until now.<br />While Crimson were lumped with other classic progressive rock bands like Yes, Genesis, Jethro Tull, ELP and several others, Crimson possessed a darkness and a heaviness which set them apart from the rest. To make a personal hypothesis, symphonic-oriented bands like Tull and ELP seem to be generally more appreciated by the older crowd, while Crimson possessed more of a darker, heavier, sinister edge that many vituperative-loving youngsters -- whom otherwise wouldn't have much use for the sophisticated works of prog-rock -- felt they could latch onto. This definitely isn't &quot;your daddy's prog-rock,&quot; but more like the prog-rock of kids who locked up their parents in a closet, threw away the key, and added their OWN twist on things, which would again, point to irony, given that the folks who created this music assumedly average a half-century in age. (Note: if by chance, you stumble upon this page and review, doubt that prog-rock could be heavy and &quot;boring,&quot; and haven't heard a thing from Crimson, head straight to their 1974 release, RED.)<br />Robert Fripp (guitar), Adrian Belew (vocals/guitar), Pat Mastellotto (drums - though credited for traps and buttons, don't ask me what they're supposed to be) and Trey Gunn (Warr guitars -- guitars that mimic guitars, basses, and sometimes keyboards) continue on their strange and compelling musical journey. This album sees Crimson making complex, technical hard rock/metal, but this time out, they've trimmed things quite a bit to be more succinct and concise, and the results are very impressive. Within all the heaviness, there are moments of ethereal beauty that one probably wouldn't expect from Crimson -- not to mention that the album is addictive and utterly fun.<br />The album opens up with a theme that revolves around the title track, bringing some resemblance to the cyclical theme running through IN THE WAKE OF POSEIDON (1970). It features a processed a cappella vocal from Adrian Belew, which brings some atmospherical resemblance to Dire Straits, as well as some 80s new wave bands, before sliding into the heavy, menacing &quot;Level Five.&quot; Opening with an ominous 7/4 crunch, the phrases teeter between ascending and descending, which eventually give way to a scrumptious climax: the climactic riff lifted straight out of &quot;FraKctured,&quot; was used as this track's climax as well. Then, come around the 5:03 mark, the main song's riff is repeated, but altered in key, which sounds very similar to the ominous, cello-laden middle section of the title track to 1974's RED. &quot;Eyes Wide Open&quot; is an ethereal, ambient ballad with dreamy, oriental-like soundscapes. Crimson? Ethereal, poignant and dreamy? Who knew? A very beautiful number. &quot;Elektrik&quot; begins with some airy, woodwind-like soundscapes, which I'm guessing are spurted from Trey Gunn's Warr guitar, before kicking into one of the most addictive, grooving, head-bopping sections to be heard. The guitar passages seem to coil around one another like two or more snakes, which seem confusing, at least on the surface, while the soundscapes in general sound like perfect music for a video game. &quot;Facts of Life&quot; features some quirky, yet unusually thought-provoking lyrics, as we see Adrian taking on something of a Neil Peart role - philosophically discussing...life!<br />The second part of the title track is an ambient number featuring a multitude of soundscapes. The first section can please many hydrophiles with those drip-drop sequences, while later there's a soothing section of chime-like beauty that can lull a baby to sleep. &quot;Dangerous Curves&quot; is an exercise in tension: the orchestration seems to mostly ascend in pattern throughout the song, which naturally links up with the steadily increasing dynamics before a creepy explosion closes out the song. &quot;Happy With What You Have To Be Happy With&quot; has been said to be a mockery of numetal bands, but, I think the members are generally poking fun at any musician who writes in standard, typical verse/chorus/verse format. The chorus is 11/8-ish, which isn't odd, given that 11 is the exact amount of syllables in the title (11 syllables = 11 eighth notes.) That sinister laugh heard somewhere near the end of the track shows the boys having some fun - even if it were on sinister accounts. That, to me seems like the real ending of the album, as the last two parts of the title track seem like bonus tracks tacked onto an otherwise excellent album. They're enjoyable on their own, but in context with the rest of the album, they seem like filler, and wasted space.<br />Not much more can be said from me. Robert Fripp and company continue to make interesting music. This album is intelligent, sinister, aggressive, poignant, fun and hilarious. Worth adding to your collection if you're a Crimson fan.number featuring a multitude of soundscapes. The first section can please many hydrophiles with those drip-drop sequences, while later there's a soothing section of chime-like beauty that can lull a baby to sleep. &quot;Dangerous Curves&quot; is an exercise in tension: the orchestration seems to mostly ascend in pattern throughout the song, which naturally links up with the steadily increasing dynamics before a creepy explosion closes out the song. &quot;Happy With What You Have To Be Happy With&quot; has been said to be a mockery of numetal bands, but, I think the members are generally poking fun at any musician who writes in standard, typical verse/chorus/verse format. The chorus is 11/8-ish, which isn't odd, given that 11 is the exact amount of syllables in the title (11 syllables = 11 eighth notes.) That sinister laugh heard somewhere near the end of the track shows the boys having some fun - even if it were on sinister accounts. That, to me seems like the real ending of the album, as the last two parts of the title track seem like bonus tracks tacked onto an otherwise excellent album. They're enjoyable on their own, but in context with the rest of the album, they seem like filler, and wasted space.<br />Not much more can be said from me. Robert Fripp and company continue to make interesting music. This album is intelligent, sinister, aggressive, poignant, fun and hilarious. Worth adding to your collection if you're a Crimson fan.
B00005JM02|4.0|Finding Nemo was a very enjoyable animated film, but I just can't gush about it the way that most reviewers have.<br />The visuals, naturally, are incredible.  The commentary and extra chapters included in the 'visual commentary' do an excellent job in showing how much work went into making believable computer generated water even if though it seems almost impossible to get an indepth look without a degree in computer animation.<br />The character of Dory made the movie for me.  A couple of the side characters fell a little flat though.  The surfer schtick of the sea turtle is something that will amuse small children but not adults.<br />As for people going on about how scary this movie is, don't underestimate your kids.  Nothing makes me want to vomit more than sugar-sweetened childrens entertainment.  Walt Disney removed quite a few dark elements from his fairy tale adaptations, but at least he left a few dark elements.  The bottom line is that I was scared by the Wicked Witch of the West, the Wicked Queen, etc etc but it didn't scar me for life.<br />Speaking of which I love how the plot ties into current events.  Senseless acts of violence happen (columbine, 9/11) but you need to learn to not live dominated by your fear.  I think that this is the main reason why the movie has become such a success.  For the same reason that the Lord of the Rings movies present ordinary people in heroic situations.
B00005JKWJ|4.0|A tremendous movie from Guillermo del Toro.....the action and special effects are top notch.  If all out dazzling action is your thing then this one is for you.
B00008J4P5|1.0|I cant believe I bought this. It just makes me ill......so ill and not like that was the illest like i really wish this band wasnt so hilarious and actually could make people think they are good.. True work of art by doing so might i add
B0000DYJM6|4.0|Yes Pearl Jam has created a huge body of material, and their output seems to keep increasing as their sales dwindle, long after the grunge followers have forgotten that the band exists. They're on a creative mission that is no longer appreciated by everyone. Therefore, this compilation is a godsend for Pearl Jam collectors but will not be incredibly useful to anyone else. That's because these B-sides, outtakes, and leftovers were left off the original albums for a reason. They at least don't fit in with their fellow songs, and in some cases are just plain sub-par. Granted, there are some justifiable classics here that Pearl Jam fans deserve to have on a proper album, especially the beloved &quot;Yellow Ledbetter&quot; which is obviously a fan favorite, and for good reason. Collectors will find many other surprise winners here. These include the Ten-era instrumental &quot;Brother,&quot; the rollicking &quot;All Night&quot; from the No Code sessions, and at least three surprising Binaural outtakes that would have made that dreary album more exciting. Those of us who are familiar with the live bootlegs will also be happy to find several lost tracks that have become strong live items over the years, like &quot;Down,&quot; &quot;U,&quot; and &quot;Footsteps.&quot; (Though I wonder about the absence of the tremendous &quot;Crazy Mary,&quot; &quot;I Got S**t,&quot; and a few others.)<br />But on the other hand, this becomes one of those compilations that in its efforts to collect more and more outtakes, at times becomes downright embarrassing. Now we enter the realm of songs that deserved to be left off the albums. This includes the clumsy Red Hot Chili Peppers rip-off &quot;Dirty Frank,&quot; the hokey sing-along &quot;Drifting,&quot; and the horrific surf-rock remake &quot;Gremmie Out of Control.&quot; Personal showcases from Stone Gossard (&quot;Don't Gimme No Lip&quot;), Jeff Ament (&quot;Sweet Lew&quot;), and Jack Irons (&quot;Whale Song&quot;) are at best vanity pieces, and at worst self-indulgence that should never have seen the light of day. So if you're a long-standing PJ fanatic, this is a convenient gathering of hard-to-find items and it's great to finally have them in one place. But it's very important to remember that this is only for collectors who understand Pearl Jam's mission and sense of exploration. Though you could also say the same about their last three or four studio albums. [~doomsdayer520~]es, and at worst self-indulgence that should never have seen the light of day. So if you're a long-standing PJ fanatic, this is a convenient gathering of hard-to-find items and it's great to finally have them in one place. But it's very important to remember that this is only for collectors who understand Pearl Jam's mission and sense of exploration. Though you could also say the same about their last three or four studio albums. [~doomsdayer520~]
0061015725|2.0|This is not Michael Crichton's best work. An interesting idea, but not very well fleshed out or expanded. I could have done without the scenes with the kiddies and I found it hard to believe the hero ever loved his wife. So who cared if she became infected. PREY they don't make a movie.
B00005NMVP|5.0|The last reviewer missed the boat on this one.  Anniversary Editions should include a sparkling master of the original, and nothing more (imagine Pink Floyd's DSOTM with extras...).  It's a remaster of what was originally released, and nothing more.  Extra tracks are what boxed sets (and CD singles) are all about recently.  The extras here are a real bonus.  This one truly delivers.<br />This is one of the best remasters I've EVER heard.  Maybe it's time to upgrade your equipment?  You'd be amazed at the difference.  My system doesn't scream, but the difference is definately there from the original CD.  Much worth the upgrade if you already have it on CD.  This even beats the pants off the old MFSL LP, which I thought was superior to the original CD.
B0000TB014|4.0|15 of his greatest videos on one DVD, been nice it if would have had all of his videos but if you just want one music DVD by him, this is it.<BR>Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough (4:11)<BR>Rock With You (3:22)<BR>Billie Jean (4:55)<BR>Beat It (4:56)<BR>Thriller (13:43)<BR>Bad (4:20)<BR>The Way You Make Me Feel (6:43)<BR>Man In The Mirror (5:00)<BR>Smooth Criminal (4:16)<BR>Dirty Diana (5:08)<BR>Black Or White (6:22)<BR>You Are Not Alone (5:37)<BR>Earth Song (7:29)<BR>Blood On The Dance Floor (4:15)<BR>You Rock My World(10:26)<BR>I had orignally gave this 5 stars but with Bad, Smooth Criminal, and Black Or White shortened, that knocked it to 4 stars.
B00005JLEU|4.0|spirited away, despite being anime (one of my pet hates), is a great movie. filled with childish charm, its gives you warm-fuzzies without disney sentimentality
B000051VWW|5.0|&quot;Lover's Rock&quot; is her first studio release in eight years.  This is also one of the best albums released in 2000.  Her soulful voice is one of the most unique in mainstream music.  She expresses her emotions wonderfully, whether it's sadness, love, loneliness, intimacy, or others.  She digs deep, personal feelings and connects them one-on-one with the listener.  It blends very well with her soothing music.  Such mellowness combines with pop, R&amp;B, and world.  She proves on every track that she's evolved greatly as a musician since &quot;Smooth Operator&quot; (1985).  Such quality deserved her the 2001 Grammy win for Best Pop Album.  Her hit single &quot;By Your Side&quot; is a great album starter.  This capitalizes her musical capabilities.  &quot;Lover's Rock&quot; is a great album for those looking to relax with.  Those pleased with this album, which surely many will, should also buy &quot;The Best of Sade&quot;, her greatest hits.
B00004VWA7|1.0|I have to say, that I can't understand where all of the above reviewers are coming from. This album is simply put, boring!! If you want to hear some bass mastery, I suggest that you check out the latest release from Tweet- and the arrangements- ohhhhhh!!!!!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|&quot;Afterglow&quot; is Sarah McLachlan's first studio album in six years.  Such quality heard on this album makes it worth the long wait.  She proves that she's evolved a lot in her music since &quot;Surfacing&quot;.  Every track showcases her beautiful soprano voice.  Her guitar and piano playing live up to her voice.  She writes every song lyric from her heart, which is showcases wonderfully.  Her range of music genres allow her to express such deep emotions more thoroughly.  She combines pop, easy listening, and rock.  &quot;Fallen&quot;, her latest hit, is a great album starter.  &quot;Stupid&quot; explores her rock side at her edgiest while never losing her musical quality.  &quot;Dirty Little Secret&quot; shows her intimate side, similar to &quot;Angel&quot; (from &quot;Surfacing), by featuring only her voice and her piano.  &quot;Afterglow&quot; is one of the best releases of 2003.  This is a great pleaser for those wanting to listen to a quality artist.  <br />****Expect a 2003 Grammy nomination for Best Female Pop Performance for &quot;Fallen&quot;.  Also, expect a 2004 nomination for Best Pop Album. (The single was released before the deadline date[9-30-03], and the album was released after.  That's why the years are different.)
B00000099Y|5.0|I was wondering what to say of an album that has over 700 5-stars reviews that hasn't being said already. I'll try to take a different approach; i understand how people wouldn't like or \\"grasp\\" this CD. It's not accesible in a first, second or even third listen, even if you're willing to like it.<br />  But then it grows on you, fast. And it gets better with each sucessive listen after that. It has a lot of layers, sonically and in meaning, and has a \\"flow\\" to it; in that way, \\"the Pink Floyd of Metal\\" might be a good descrption for the band and, more in particular, this album. Don't expect solely headbanging metal here (through you'll get your doses of that with \\"Hooker with a penis\\", \\"Stinkfist\\" and so), because there is so muche more to this album that calling it metal is almost insulting.<br />  Take for example \\"H.\\", perhaps my favourite song in the album. It's a truly beautiful ballad. This is not easy to appreciate after the agressive opening or chorus riff, but it is there; you just need to sit through it with the lyrics in hand. If it doesn't do something for you after a listen or two, nothing will. The same can be said of \\"Eulogy\\", \\"Jimmy\\" and many others. <br />  It's truly an art masterpiece. It defies the listener, but the result it's so rewarding you'd be missing a lot by not giving it another chance. It might not be for you; tastes vary. But don't just diss it because of a superficial listen because there's a world you would be missing.
0671027344|5.0|I didn't like the writing style, and I didn't like the story...until the last forty pages.  All of a sudden everything picked up, came together, and honestly floored me.  I swear this book is worth your time.  I literally had to stand up and move around a little while after finisheing it because it just plain old inspired me.  I don't read often, I could read this book a couple more times.  I made a new friend, and it is the main character in this book.
037542217X|5.0|This is the fourth book of Smiths i have read over a period of a few weeks.  I was hooked after the first one.  Smith really paints a picture of life in Africa and gives great details about each character.  I would love to meet Precious!!  Cant wait for the next one in the series.  A great short read!!!
0788821075|5.0|This 1990 romantic comedy won Julia Roberts an Academy Award for Best Actress.  The stage is set in Beverly Hills for Pretty Woman.  Julia Roberts as Vivian Ward is a prostitute trying desperatly to save money to go back to college.  Richard Gere as Edward Lewis is a successful and wealthy corporate executive who meets up with Vivian in an unusual way -- or maybe the usual way!  Edward picks up Vivian on a street corner and offers her a large sum of money to spend a week with him.  She accepts and he whisks her away to the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel, where he showers her with luxuries unknown to her.  Pretty Woman is a fairytale dream-come-to-life for Vifian.  For Edward it is an awakening to the innocence and vulnerability in vivian.  Vivian sees Edward for himself:  generous, kind, sensitive.<br />Their whirl-wind week turns into the romance of the century.  Emotions run high as their passion and love build, with many twists and turns.  Edward's attempts to build Julia's confidence in herself as a woman have you laughing and loving right along with him.  Oh, Edward's secret little half smile!<br />I give Pretty Woman five stars.  The movie is excellent.  It makes you believe that fairytales can come true, that they really can happen to you.  Pretty Woman will bring tears to your eyes, but will keep you laughing throughout.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|Lol...Im just another 5 star review for this cd I guess:)  It really does earn this rating though because this disc is INSANE.  Half the songs are masterpieces, and the rest...well I'll just say there is 0 filler on this cd.<br />At the risk of sounding kinda lame, I will say that these guys are &quot;the total package&quot;.  Just listen to &quot;Second Heartbeat&quot; and you will see why.  It starts off with 80's metal guitar riffs, then some brutal hardcore screams and breakdowns, followed by an AMAZINGLY sung chorus, and finally finishing with a blistering guitar solo at the end.  I guarantee you will be hitting the repeat button:)<br />I have a lot of cds from many, many diffrent styles of music, but this is easily on my top 10 cd list.  <br />You CANNOT go wrong here...you should have this cd.
0783225857|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird, nominated for eight academy awards, is an epic story of the time honored codes of the Old South with mystery swirling around the everyday lives of Jim and Scout Finch in the form of their neighbor, Boo Radley.  Gregory Peck in his role as Atticus Finch was phenomenal!  Peck will always be remembered as Atticus, an entirely humble, reflective, courageous, courteous and sage man.  A widower with two children, Atticus was secure and playful and very much a parent.  The story focused on Atticus' views of life as he delivered them to Jem and Scout, and their interpretation of, and reactions to, those views was reflected throughout the movie.  It was about a way of life and a passage from innocence to experience -- and back to innocence.  The story focused on Atticus' dramatic representation of a black man accused of raping a white woman at a time when racial tension was strong, when everyone knew that black men lied, that they were immoral creatures, and that they were not to be trusted around white women.<br />The opening of the movie shows the cultural landscape of Maycomb, a typical small Southern town, set in the year of 1932 during the Big Depression.  The streets through town were mostly dirt roads, with farmers in their horse-drawn wagons going to town.  Had the movie not been in black/white, you would not have had the feel of that small, steamy town with dust eddying around the wheels of the horse-drawn wagons.  There were very few cars, but you got the feeling of the time -- as if you were in the car with Atticus, when used his.  The buildings were in period, as was the courtroom.  The clock striking in the background during the courtoom scene had a profound effect of the measure of time.  Atticus' representation of Tom Robinson and his cross-examination of the woman Tom was accused of raping and her father will forever be the most dramatic courtroom scenes of all time.  The outcome will be forever dramatic, filled with a feeling of injustice, hopelessness and despair.<br />Through the movie you are allowed to become a part of Atticus' family and their everyday lives.  You are introduced to the other characters and get to know them and the intimate details of their lives.  You become a part of the story.  You feel their hope, their pain, their fears.  Atticus' representation of Tom Robinson may have caused Atticus the lose of some friendships, but he gained respect from the community -- blacks and whites -- that is heartwarming.  No one but Atticus could have represented Tom.  No one but Gregory Peck could have been Atticus.<br />It is a movie for all times.  Never forgotten, forever watched and rewatched.  It has a message for everyone that transcends time.  It is a brilliant movie.<br />Yes, it would have been like killing a mockingbird.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Wow... this film which I just finished watching, made quit a big impact on me. As one other reviewer had quoted in this list, he expected another typical hollywood run of the mill film, but this is far from that. No this film addresses so many issues, on so many different levels, and so many different important topics. The characters in it are all very engaging, and emotionally involving, that its hard not to get lost in the film. While watching the film, I couldn't help but wonder where exactly I was being led, but as the plot unfolds, you are more than abundantly made aware of what exactly dysfunctional family life in america is all about today. The thing is though, if this film was just about a candid camera type view into a dysfunctional family, as in such a movie as \\"Ordinary People\\", it could be dismissed as just another psychological melodrama, but it is much more than that. It is about these very peoples survival skils and how they cope with situation of waking up to the fact that the American Dream did not work out for them. Although Lester is the key character that the drama unfolds around, I personally found the guy next door filming everything (the soldiers son), the one I personally identified with the most. He is the one who shows his films to Jane, to explain to her what true beauty is. At that point, there is a turning point in the film, as Jane who epitomized ugliness and self rejection to me, begins to wake up to her own beauty and self worth. Poor Lester though, he is the hero in the film, the survivor who triumphs, but doesnt live long enough to fully enjoy the beauty he discovered late in life. If none of this makes sense what I am saying here, SEE THE FILM, then will understand what I am talking about. Yep, there is every kind of topic dealt with in this film, from sexuality, to drugs, to failing marriage, on and on. <br />wow, all I can say is.. amazing job Kevin Spacey.. Kudos to you on such great acting.
B00008LOS1|5.0|Even after 30 years of FM radio playing these songs into the ground, I still love them!  People alot more qualified than myself can tell you why \\"Who's Next\\" is the masterpiece it is. I will say, however, that the improved sound quality is reason enough for springing for the deluxe edition. That and the excellent bonus material. The Record Plant session with Leslie West jamming away in the right speaker is fantastic. Its facinating to hear familiar tunes such a \\"Won't Get Fooled Again\\" and \\"Love 'Aint for Keeping\\" as works-in-progress. This is The Who in their prime.<br />Disc Two is the icing on the cake. This live recording from The Young Vic Theater is very well recorded (with the Stones' Mobile Recorder). As with The Isle of Wight and Leeds recordings, you have Pete to the right, John to the left and Roger and Keith in the middle. The performances are stellar. Again, this is The Who in their prime. Was there ever a better live rock band?
B00005JMFR|5.0|This movie is soooo deep and I am glad that I saw it twice, because I really missed some things the first time. Matrix Revolution brings together the pieces you wonder about. The young 16 year old who jumps off the building in Animatrix- is the one who takes the risk and opens the gate during the fight scene with the sentinels. Niaobe shows us the reason why in Enter the Matrix she is the best pilot in town. If it wasn't for Morpheus persistence Neo would never achieve what he has achieved in this movie- PEACE.<br />Now the deepness of the movie. The machines teaching the humans a lesson on love, war, and peace. And given them a choice between good and evil. Machines has become MORE HUMAN than US. The message is clear. We need to stop our self destruction and stop trying to segregate and separate each other and come to a place of respect and peace.<br />I am so pleased with this movie and I cannot wait until it comes out on DVD. If you're expecting Matrix moves...then forget it people, although you get something here and there...this movie is for those of who get the MESSAGE and want more.<br />I hope they come out with more or better yet a SERIES! I haven't seen such good work in such a long time. Oh btw for those of you questioning the Oracle- the one who played her in the other two movies died in real life from diabetes. And I loved how the honored her for her work and explained the changed.<br />I recommend this movie to everyone- if you can sit back and just get the MESSAGE! PEACE!!
B0000033WC|5.0|This record has always seemed to divide many velvets fans. To some, its the band's greatest achievement, to other's, its a failed attempt to pander to mainstream tastes. As with most things in life, the truth probably lies somewhere in the middle. \\"Loaded\\" is, in many ways, a blatantly commercial pop record. But, is this necessarily a bad thing? It's not as if \\"Loaded\\" is lacking in substance. \\"Sweet Jane\\", \\"Rock and Roll\\" and \\"Oh! Sweet Nothing\\" are timeless, expertly crafted songs that just happen to be alot more accessable than much of the group's earlier material. It's just a shame that Moe Tucker was not on hand to lend her minimalistic, one-of-a-kind style of drumming to this album. <br />This 2-CD set is, in this Velvets fan opinion, absolutely essential. Even if you own the box set, you owe it to yourself to pick this up. It contains a treasure trove of previously unreleased material that is uniformly excellent. I love how disc two features an alternate version of \\"Loaded\\" in the same running order as the original. If you are considering purchasing this album, by all means, skip the standard CD version and instead spring the little bit of extra money for the \\"Fully Loaded\\" edition. The sound and packaging are superior and you get about 80% more material. Its well worth it.
B000069HPL|5.0|In less stressful times during and immediately after college, I was a huge &quot;Office Space&quot; fan.  I bought it on video, watched it a bunch of times, quoted it relentlessly (and still do) with my roommate, and generally considered it to be a funny, intelligent comedy.  I had never actually worked in an office, but I imagined the movie to be a fairly accurate depiction of what the experience is like and what it does to the typical cubicle slave.  In other words, I liked the movie, but in much the same way I liked lots of other movies.<br />Then, a few months ago, I got an office job with an enormous corporation, and I now see the world of &quot;Office Space&quot; in a whole new light.  It's still funny, but there's also a major undercurrent of depression beneath the humor.  The movie's fictional Initech Corp. is a sterile suburban hell, where the bosses have become patronizing phonies and the workers are bitter and frustrated over their precarious, unfulfilling existence.  My job isn't quite as bad, but few hours go by where I don't think of some line from the movie and realize just how accurately it describes what I go through on a daily basis.  Human beings really aren't supposed to sit around at desks staring at computer screens all day, and &quot;Office Space&quot; perfectly captures the quiet despair that corporate lemmingdom can produce.  At one point protagonist Peter Gibbons flatly states, &quot;I don't like my job.  I don't think I'm gonna go anymore.&quot;  I'm sure many would like to say the same thing, but unfortunately in real life it doesn't prove to be that easy.<br />Viewed in this light, &quot;Office Space&quot; could only have worked as a comedy.  For one thing it requires a razor-sharp satire, which this movie very much is, to truly highlight the absurdity of the situations faced on a daily basis in offices nationwide.  For another, if the movie's examination of life on the lower rungs of corporate America weren't lightened with some laughs, viewers would be reaching for arsenic and razorblades in record time.  Ron Livingston brings a definite everyman appeal to the role of Peter: you can sympathize with Peter's plight because you've probably been there, and even if you haven't you'll still be able to feel his pain because Livingston communicates it so well.  Not to mention, Gary Cole gives one of THE most underappreciated performances in cinematic history as Bill Lumbergh, Peter's &quot;evil, disgusting pig of a boss.&quot;  Sure, Lumbergh's a caricature, but Cole delivers his condescending lines with such perfect tone and expression that they still haven't stopped being funny after about ten viewings.  Plus, in case you need any more reason to watch, the cast also includes the always-hilarious Diedrich Bader and the always-smoking Jennifer Aniston.<br />As the plot progresses, &quot;Office Space&quot; brings in an element of wish fulfillment when Peter decides he has nothing left to lose and he might as well see what it takes to get fired.  For most of its hilarious middle third the movie plays on this strain of insubordination, becoming the ultimate workplace fantasy as Peter disrespects his higher-ups and generally acts destructive around the office.  There's also a scheme to rip off the company thrown in, but that's not really important.  &quot;Office Space&quot; is so good the plot is rendered more or less secondary.  Watch it, and drop out for an hour and a half.viewers would be reaching for arsenic and razorblades in record time.  Ron Livingston brings a definite everyman appeal to the role of Peter: you can sympathize with Peter's plight because you've probably been there, and even if you haven't you'll still be able to feel his pain because Livingston communicates it so well.  Not to mention, Gary Cole gives one of THE most underappreciated performances in cinematic history as Bill Lumbergh, Peter's &quot;evil, disgusting pig of a boss.&quot;  Sure, Lumbergh's a caricature, but Cole delivers his condescending lines with such perfect tone and expression that they still haven't stopped being funny after about ten viewings.  Plus, in case you need any more reason to watch, the cast also includes the always-hilarious Diedrich Bader and the always-smoking Jennifer Aniston.<br />As the plot progresses, &quot;Office Space&quot; brings in an element of wish fulfillment when Peter decides he has nothing left to lose and he might as well see what it takes to get fired.  For most of its hilarious middle third the movie plays on this strain of insubordination, becoming the ultimate workplace fantasy as Peter disrespects his higher-ups and generally acts destructive around the office.  There's also a scheme to rip off the company thrown in, but that's not really important.  &quot;Office Space&quot; is so good the plot is rendered more or less secondary.  Watch it, and drop out for an hour and a half.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|My husband is the real Cher fan of the family, so I bought this DVD for him.  However, I enjoyed this concert at least as much as he did.  They do this incredible thing of showing her singing side by side with herself of 40 years ago.  I had a huge emotional reaction to several of the older clips that were shown, alternating between laughter and tears.  Cher is shown singing with Sonny, including the reunion on the late night talk show. This concert is one of the best concerts that we have seen on DVD.<br /> In her Farewell Tour, she is going out like she came in:  funny, beautiful, flashy, sexy and energetic.  Thank you, Cher, for forty wonderful years.  We will miss you.
B0000CFW87|4.0|I've loved Josh since my sister said, &quot;listen to this&quot;, and played his first album for me, which brought tears to my eyes with its beauty.  Now with &quot;Closer&quot; I have another set of songs that stir my emotions and tug at my heart.  I love &quot;My Confession&quot;, &quot;Oceano&quot;, and the beauty of &quot;La Mancherai&quot; with the blending of Josh's voice with the gorgeous violin music, which takes my breath away each time I hear it.  The only reason I didn't give this five stars has nothing to do with Josh's voice, which is amazing, but because I would like to hear him sing songs that are a little different type.  Maybe a little more upbeat, with just his voice and his excellent piano playing, and more songs in English.  Don't get me wrong, I love the Italian, Spanish, etc. songs, because he sings them with such emotion you can &quot;feel&quot; the meaning.  And I may not be expressing what I mean very well, but I'd like to hear him &quot;break loose&quot; a little more.  But even if all his albums stay like his first two, I'd still buy them, love them, wear them out and tell everyone I know to buy them. (Can't wait till tomorrow to buy tickets to his concert in April. Imagine that voice in person!!!)
B0000CFW87|5.0|A true masterpiece and Josh indeed a musical genius who can move from classical to pop like a light switch.  If there is one piece that earned him more respect from me is Caruso.  It is almost comparable to Pavarotti's but only Josh's is better (my opinion), being a non-Italian, he delivered it with such enthusiasm and command making Bocelli's version so sad (my opinion again!).  This album presents a big challenge to Josh himself, how can he outdo this on his next?  Congratulations, Josh, your voice is truly a wonderful gift to the world.
B00005JLK1|2.0|This thing could have been awsome,but it bites the big one instead.All those people who were killed on the ship and all we get are a handfull of spooks.no action,no scares,and red paint for blood.The cast is really good,but the movie feels watered down for idiots and stoned teens.
B0000CDL3W|3.0|I hated the trailer. Robobarbie couldn't scare me. I hated all the chosen actors (except Arnold). I started watching this movie knowing it would suck. I love it when I'm wrong! <br />As much as I wanted to hate her, Kristanna Loken played a very convincing killing machine, albeit with one facial expression. But then how many does a robot need? <br />It wouldn't be Terminator without Arnold but his performance added nothing new to this movie, with a lot of rehashing of old lines (including &quot;She'll be back&quot; and &quot;I'm back!&quot; Good grief!) The action scene where the truck arm smashes through telephone poles, cars and buildings was one of the best I've ever seen. I'm not one to rewind to re-watch action scenes but it looked and sounded so incredibly meta-crunching real even on a plain old stereo TV, I had to see it again.<br />My biggest problem with this movie is the choice of actors for future leaders of the human resistance. It wasn't that the acting was bad. Nick Stahl certainly looked like someone on the fringe of society, but the potential for him to become the great leader he was supposed to become was nowhere to be seen. And how come John Connor is now short? <br />Ed Furlong in T2 is proof that actors chosen in a sequel don't have to be well-known. They just have to be right for the character and give a memorable performance. Michael Biehn of T1 and Ed Furlong of T2 were excellent choices and any sequels will have a hard time matching them. This one fails miserably. <br />This movie also proves that choosing a well-known actor doesn't guarantee success either. Claire Dane's role was nothing more than a long drawn out damsel in distress. Claire is good at playing innocent doe-eyed young women but she can't play tough. Linda Hamilton was totally believable wielding that gun in T2. Claire with a gun leading troops? She'll probably accidentally kill herself the first time she shoots.<br />CONCLUSION: The original action sequences are excellent. I still enjoyed seeing Arnold as Terminator (or is it anti-Terminator? Damn, he's still in good shape for his age!). And Robobarbie scared me a lot more than I expected. The only reason I give this 3 stars is it makes a pretty good rental and the parts that worked surprised me. But quite frankly at the end of the movie, I was rooting for Robobarbie. <br />[Author's Note: I coined the term RoboBarbie. You can use it with my permission.]
B0000VCZK2|5.0|I'm speechless. I cannot believe this boxed-set! Not only do they include new bonus features, but they even include the laser-disc special features with this collection. I knew there was a reason I never purchased the Legacy set. And the price is actually cheaper than the previous collection, and there is much more. <br />I'm looking forward to hearing the audio commentary on Aliens. Too bad James Cameron and Sigourney aren't on there. I also can't wait to see the extended version of Alien 3. <br />I will continue this review in a few weeks when I purchase this new stupendous version of an all-time sci-fi classic.
B00006CXXU|1.0|This CD is awful and you can tell they didn't spend a lot of time on it.
B0000AFQS0|5.0|I'm going to make this really simple:<br />TKAA is THE best music DVD I own -- and I do own quite a few others. Fully remastered, with incredible sonic and video quality, the movie captures the essence of the group, with various clips of appearances and concerts, and even back stage antics of the group after a gig. Highlights of the movie were the Sheperton concert footage, featuring live versions of &quot;Baba O'Relly&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;. I also enjoyed the second disc, which allows you to select one of four camera angles when viewing a few selected concert numbers.<br />Having never seen the Who live in concert, for me this DVD is as good as it's ever going to get. The bonus materials are fantastic, from showing how the film was restored to actual comparisons between the theatrical release audio/video quality and the DVD restoration. It was very obvious to me that the folks behind the restoration of this film were big Who fans. The 2 disc set is a labor of love, by Who fans for Who fans. If you enjoy The Who, (and who doesn't?), this DVD really should be in your collection. Highly recommended.
B000099T2L|1.0|Save your money. Trust me, why settle for these really bad remixes she attempted to make when you can buy Mariah Carey's &quot;Remixes&quot;. She knows how to do it. Just face it Beyonce, Mariah's &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; with Jay-Z is better than your &quot;Crazy in Love&quot; with Jay-Z. Mariah's duet with Luther &quot;Endless Love&quot; is better than yours with Luther. Please get original or give up.
B00006F83Y|4.0|They are not my favorite band but it is worth the money to but their cd's any one will do. But at least one is a must have. So get one!<br />      For further comments on the subject please feel free to contact me on AOL instant messenger s/n    EvilLittleDoodle
B0000C6E4D|3.0|This cd is very, very slow. It's pretty and in the dark when I'm about to fall asleep, it's the nicest cd to listen to.
B0000057C5|5.0|RAMMSTEIN even the name sound awsome but it is nothing compared to the band. I only needed to hear them once to understand their greatness, and for them to become my all time favorite band. I would definantly reccomend this band to every one of my friends, as i do. You only need a sample and your hooked on the Greatest music of all time. Great for pumping up for a fight, working out, or what ever. Please at least sample the music above.<br />         For further comments on the subject please fell free to contact me on AOL instant messenger s/n   EvilLittleDoodle
B0000AQS0F|4.0|If you managed to catch this show during the 35 seconds that Fox allowed it to air, you know that it's unlike anything else.  For the rest of you, a brief summary:<br />In the future, the Earth finally gets trashed by mankind.  Fortunately, before that point we developed the technology for spaceflight, and the ability to quickly terraform asteroids and other planets.  So the folks with the tech did that, then scooped up whole populations of other folks and dumped them onto those terraformed places, with not much more than basic supplies, seeds, and food animals.<br />So what you've got now is essentially what we had during the settlement of the American West: transplanted pioneers in isolated towns, some as little more than slaves to corporations and others with money.<br />Of course, most don't know this because Fox, in its infinite wisdom, chose to show the episode that explains all this LAST.  Before cancelling the show without even showing 3 of the episodes.<br />While some shows are doing \\"Vietnam\\" or \\"World War II\\"... Firefly is doing the Civil War.  You're looking at a post-Civil War society, and people trying to put together the shattered pieces of their lives.  And then there's the girl in the box...<br />The characters were quirky but not cute.  The show was doing a GREAT job of fleshing them all out, and moving the plot, and making you want to know what happens next.  You could see signs that none of them were quite what the stereotypes said they should be.  (Well, maybe Jayne was.  Except when he was a hero.)  The high tech was very realistic, down to the dirt and grit and up to the great use of smart paper and other REAL technology.<br />I'm really looking forward to getting the DVD, so I can finally understand all the nuances of what was going on!!  You won't be disappointed.
B0000508U6|5.0|I can not say enough about this spectacular creation.  The writing on this album is some of the best i have ever come across.  Chris Martin has a very unique voice, so incredibly original, captivating.  His use of it is heartfelt and real.  While it is not the kind of voice just anyone would like, (all you Justin Timberlake, Eminem, Metallica or 50 Cent fans need to skip over this one) it is a voice to be reckoned with (no cookie cutters here, folks).  The first time i heard this cd i was spellbound, and i have been hooked on Coldplay ever since.  They are truly phenomenal.  I have a very short list of &quot;perfect&quot; albums (a list of about 5) and this one is on it...yes, it is that good.
B0000C6E4D|4.0|After the mega-success of her 1997 album, &quot;Surfacing,&quot; Sarah McLachlan took an extended hiatus from music, during which time she was dealt both personal sorrow &amp; joy---her mother passed away from cancer, and she gave birth to her daughter. Now, in 2003, Sarah returns with &quot;Afterglow,&quot; and it's a beautiful album, but it isn't exactly going to hit you over the head on the first listen---this is an album that needs to be *explored*. *Listened* to. I don't think Sarah was really in the mood to &quot;rock out&quot; on this album, considering what she's been through in recent years, and the album's deliberate mellowness and laid-back nature does take a few listens to fully appreciate. Some other reviewers have said that &quot;Afterglow&quot; is a little *too* mellow for their taste. Obviously, they've only played the album once. But, I guarantee you, there's great magic in Sarah's latest collection of songs, it's just that some of the tunes need time to grow on you. Myself, I'm enjoying &quot;Afterglow&quot; more and more with each spin, and I'm hearing something new in the album each time. As always, Sarah's songs, like her angelic voice, are very heartfelt. Immediate winners are &quot;Fallen,&quot; &quot;World On Fire,&quot; &quot;Stupid,&quot; and the terrific soft-rocker, &quot;Train Wreck,&quot; my personal favorite song on the disc (and I sure hope it's chosen as the next single). The songs that make up the second half of &quot;Afterglow&quot; take a little while to fully get into, because, on the *first* listen, they sound like they are all performed on the same low-key level. But repeated listenings have since proven this to be wrong, and I can now definitely hear the individual beauty in such songs as &quot;Push,&quot; &quot;Answer,&quot; and &quot;Dirty Little Secret.&quot; All the while, Sarah casts her spell throughout with her beautiful voice and songwriting. The musicianship from Sarah and her band (including hubby &amp; drummer Ashwin Sood) is supreme, and, produced by her longtime record producer Pierre Marchand, the album's production is sharp and crystal-clear.Is &quot;Afterglow&quot; Sarah's greatest work? Not really---the outstanding &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstasy&quot; is a mighty difficult album to top---but &quot;Afterglow&quot; IS a very lovely, very soothing album from this amazingly talented artist, and it's so good to have her back at last. Seriously, listening to this woman is like spending time with a good friend. So do yourself a favor, and bask in Sarah McLachlan's &quot;Afterglow.&quot;
B0000AMRJC|4.0|The critics mainly got it wrong.  This reissue puts it right. Take one great moment in cinema - the setting is Frank's mansion, the time two minutes after 3am about 30 minutes after Frank had had two workers put about five hundred rounds into a nightclub in an attempt to rid the world of Tony Montano (Tony the Mountain aka Mr Pacino)but missed. Tony  has just given sidekick Manny (Mr Bauer) the order to give drug &quot;lord&quot; Frank (brilliant Mr Loggia) the what for after Frank sank to his knees and kissed the shoes of Tony pleading for his life, begging for a second chance, crying to be saved, and Manny dutifully puts one into Frank.  Tony then turns his attention to bad guy and Chief of Detectives of Narcotics.  Tony gives him one in the guts and then lets him have one in the chest.  Tony and Manny turn to leave but Manny says &quot;What about Ernie?&quot; Frank's loyal and ucommunicative sidekick who has been watching the evening's events unfold before his eyes, and, let's say, is now facing an uncertain future.  A little overweight, in a suit just a little too small, a worker, loyal, Cuban exile, with beads of sweat on his face, which the camera ponders for about five seconds.  Then we see Tony's face for a few moments - &quot;Want a job?&quot; he says, knowing that either way, he's got this guy's life.  A great moment in cinema. Many good extras too - especially interviews with Mr Stone and Mr Pacino.  Very good value.
B0000CD5I6|5.0|The holidays have gotten even brighter with Jethro Tull's marvelous offering for this time of year, &quot;The Jethro Tull Christmas Album.&quot; Ian Anderson &amp; company serve up a hearty yuletide blend of new Tull Christmas originals, including the terrific &quot;Birthday Card At Christmas,&quot; &quot;Last Man At The Party,&quot; and &quot;First Snow On Brooklyn,&quot; as well as new re-recordings of old holiday-themed Tull favorites like &quot;A Christmas Song,&quot; &quot;Another Christmas Song,&quot; &quot;Ring Out Solstice Bells,&quot; and the signature Tull tune, &quot;Bouree.&quot; Along with that classic instrumental, the band give us some more wonderful instrumental tracks, like the brilliant jazz take on &quot;God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen,&quot; &quot;Pavane,&quot; &quot;Greensleeved,&quot; and the beautiful closer, &quot;A Winter Snowscape.&quot; The band play brilliantly, and Anderson's voice and flute are still in pristine form. &quot;The Jethro Tull Christmas Album&quot; is a magnificent gift from one of rock's most enduring acts. Happy holidays from Jethro Tull!
B00005JM02|5.0|Being 19 years old you can imagine I received some ridicule for buying, watching and loving this movie. The fact is though, it is an amazing movie with jaw dropping visuals, hilarious jokes and a perfect cast. Despite that it is a &quot;Children's movie&quot;, it is great for all ages.<br />Finding Nemo is about a paranoid clownfish named Marlin and his son Nemo who both have basically never left their home in Australia's Great Barrier Reef. After the death of Marlin's wife Coral, Marlin becomes overprotective of Nemo and when Nemo gets captured by a scuba diver, Marlin does everything he can to get him back. <br />For parents: This movie is actually the first to include blood in a computer animated feature. It's not gory, just a simple nosebleed. Plus there are some scary parts, but nothing to get worked up over. Also, I should note in the director's commentary, it sounds like there was a bleeped out &quot;F word&quot;.<br />Extras: <BR>The movie comes in 2 discs with a widescreen format on the first and a fullscreen format on the second. The fullscreen format is actually an *extended* version of the widescreen. It takes away the 2 black lines on the top and bottom and replaces it with footage that was removed for the feature film. <br />Other extras include a documentary on making Finding Nemo, a behind the scenes look into Pixar's studio, a Fisharades game(Charades with a school of fish), several easter eggs, the ability to turn some dvd menus into a virtual aquarium, a visual commentary that showcases some deleted scenes(sketches with voice  overs)and in-depth looks on how particular scenes were made, a message from Jean-Michel Cousteau about caring for the environment(who gets a visit from the stars of the film), Mr.Ray's encyclopedia where you can learn about the fish species in the movie, a color script which is a set of beautiful pastel paintings which served as a storyboard of sorts, and much more artwork from the creation of the film.<br />Quite a lot of extras isn't it?<br />Finding Nemo is an amazing movie with a universal story, lovable characters, moments of hilarity and almost tear-inducing sadness. It's well worth the price of admission. I wouldn't be surprised if this movie receieved several Oscar nominations. It's that good.
B00006JDS4|4.0|As a slasher movie, it stands the test of time. However, the movie and the story both need work. Since reality programming is now all the rage and people expect a sensibility of reality in their movies, I'll approach my review from the standpoint of the social aura that defines society as of 2003. In other words, I'll cover how the society and this movie feed off one another. It may not be fair to hold a piece from 1978 to the fires of 2003, but I'm going to do it anyway.<br />I would first make the woman less helpless. She's smart and sophisticated, like most city women, but she doesn't seem strong enough to live in the city. I would give her a bit more strength and common sense. Playing her as a helpless little girly-girl and a pure victim throughout most of the movie should offend most feminists.<br />However, the \\"helpless woman\\" is a powerful ideal that allows women in our modern society to play both sides of the fence in social and legal arenas. Women love to be strong, yet helpless. Empowered, yet underprivileged. Equal, yet they must receive special considerations. Sadly, this enigma is a social phenomenon that allows this movie to work well.<br />Only a woman can be a helpless killer.<br />To maintain this unique social power, feminists will turn a blind eye to all fiction and non-fiction characters that portray women in this light. The best way to avoid exposure of the feminist agenda in this script is to distract the moviegoer by pointing a finger directly at what one can visually see: The Rape Scenes.<br />These scenes are powerful on a disturbing level. But who is it that is committing the rapes? There are four \\"men\\" in this group. However, only two of the characters were effectively developed. The Alpha Male (the leader) and Matthew (the retarded man) were developed in such a way that you cared about them a little. However, they were depicted as back-wood country boys (ref: really stupid) who only think with the little head between their legs.<br />This is about as accurate a depiction of men as the character of the woman. Are women really this helpless and nave? Are men really this stupid and hormone-driven? These characters are simplistic at best and offensive at worst.<br />To make the pack of men stronger, I would get rid of one of the miscellaneous friends and develop the third one more. Make the men a little bit smarter; bring the overall challenge to a higher level. People are more complex than what we see on this screen.<br />I would also get rid of a few scenes. The \\"Forgive Me\\" scene in the church was gratuitous at best. Does this woman need an excuse to kill? Does she require forgiveness? She has a good reason to want them dead. Reporting them to the police wouldn't result in a good slasher movie, though, unless the guys killed the one-man police force and brought more peril to the situation (a-la \\"Misery\\").<br />Even if the guys didn't rape her, she could use PMS as a legal defense and no jury would convict her.<br />Another scene that needs to be cut is the \\"Missing Husband\\" scene, where the Alpha Male's fat, bull-dykish, grumpy wife bounces around the yard outside the gas station, wondering where her loser husband has gone. She is not concerned that something bad may have happened to him. Her presence only serves to solidify the feminist agenda of this script.<br />If my observations do not convince you that feminist tone exists in the film, how about the original title. \\"Day of the Woman\\" says it all.<br />This agenda is so overwhelming that everybody misses the FOURTH rape. What I'm talking about is the rape of Matthew. He just wanted to fit in with the guys and got sucked into their idiocy and mayhem. It was most disturbing when the leader was showing him how to kill with a knife, sending him in the house to do the dirty work. In a feminist light, this shows the true cowardice of the men. However, it could be argued that, if the Alpha Male had carried out the stabbing, Matthew would have blabbed it out at the diner (which he blabs on himself later). Matthew was a pawn in their game.<br />Finally, I would move the scenes around. Having cut one of the male friends out of the picture, I would kill the least popular one first (maybe the guy wearing the suspenders). Then I'd take Matthew out, and finally blow my cinematic load with the bathroom scene. As the movie stands now, I think that the bathroom scene is the climax of the movie. After this scene, I didn't care about the other two. Having them team up on her was the only (partially) saving grace.<br />When I got my driver's license in 1980 at the age of 16, the first thing I did was drive to the big city from my little Indiana country town, go to the midnight movie, and see \\"I Spit On Your Grave.\\" I couldn't wait for the slashing to begin.<br />Even with my teen hormones awhirl, the rape scenes were still disturbing to me. This gives me hope that all people are not victims of their hormones, especially men who commit the heinous act of rape and women who kill their spouses and children under the guise of PMS.<br />Those who say that this movie glorifies raping women are missing the bigger picture. Nobody has tackled the notion that there could be an insidious message that it's socially acceptable to kill a man or sever his member because he's \\"being a man\\" (insert feminist definition here).<br />This proves one thing; that this film allows a person to take away from it exactly what they bring into the theatre. The Mysogynist and Mysandrist alike (and normal folks), can revel in the shallow filthiness of this movie.<br />I loved it!d it out at the diner (which he blabs on himself later). Matthew was a pawn in their game.<br />Finally, I would move the scenes around. Having cut one of the male friends out of the picture, I would kill the least popular one first (maybe the guy wearing the suspenders). Then I'd take Matthew out, and finally blow my cinematic load with the bathroom scene. As the movie stands now, I think that the bathroom scene is the climax of the movie. After this scene, I didn't care about the other two. Having them team up on her was the only (partially) saving grace.<br />When I got my driver's license in 1980 at the age of 16, the first thing I did was drive to the big city from my little Indiana country town, go to the midnight movie, and see \\"I Spit On Your Grave.\\" I couldn't wait for the slashing to begin.<br />Even with my teen hormones awhirl, the rape scenes were still disturbing to me. This gives me hope that all people are not victims of their hormones, especially men who commit the heinous act of rape and women who kill their spouses and children under the guise of PMS.<br />Those who say that this movie glorifies raping women are missing the bigger picture. Nobody has tackled the notion that there could be an insidious message that it's socially acceptable to kill a man or sever his member because he's \\"being a man\\" (insert feminist definition here).<br />This proves one thing; that this film allows a person to take away from it exactly what they bring into the theatre. The Mysogynist and Mysandrist alike (and normal folks), can revel in the shallow filthiness of this movie.<br />I loved it!
0151008116|5.0|Read it.  That is all I have to say
B0000DZ3IG|4.0|I thought this soundtrack was great.  I bought it immediately after watching the movie (also great) and it really captures all of the emotion of the film and of the characters.  Because I hear a certain song and am right back in the movie, with the character in whatever situation they were in when the song played.  I loved the pop touches, like Kelly Clarkson (with a rare good song of hers), Dido (with the song that made her famous from the Roswell sdtk), and The Calling (one of the biggest songs of last year).  And they all mix well with the classics like Joni Mitchell(although adding 'River' to the sdtk would have been a great touch), the Beach Boys and Otis Redding.  And everytime I hear Billy Mack's &quot;crappy Christmas jingle&quot;, I die laughing.  Great soundtrack for a great movie.
B00009TB5G|3.0|Why would I buy the theatrical version when this extended version exists?  Stupid rebate policy on this one, Amazon.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I think this movie was frankly genius.  And the guts it took to make it...I mean musicals haven't been \\"in\\" since the 70s and no one could forsee this one being any different.  But Baz Lurhman took a big leap and gave a rebirth to the movie musical in excellent fashion.  The casting didn't hurt either, but this story is timeless and an immediate classic.  Both Ewan and Nicole did really well in this movie.  And they had to strike a good balance between the broad comedy and romanticism and drama this movie throws together in the same beat sometimes.  Nicole sounded great and also proved her vocal chops along with Ewan on the soundtrack(s) to the movie.  But the 2 of them together were the real magic (along with Baz's unique vision for storytelling) and I only wish more people would accept this movie as one of the greatest not only musicals but movies ever.  And without this big gamble, there would be no Chicago.
B0000039PW|5.0|Biggie is real on this album.  His lyrics and flow shows that he was very hungry at the time.  Not too many can come out hard on their first cd.  There is nothing waterdown on this album.  He doesn't talk about bling bling and how many cars he has.  He talks about a typical life in the streets of NY.  So go cop Biggie's best cd.
B00005JLSE|5.0|This is one of the top 10 films I have ever seen!  I was dying to see this movie the second I heard about it years ago, and it did not disapoint.  On the contrary, it was even better than I'd expected.  The whole cast was brilliant and brought so much life to the story.  When I think of this movie, I see it in splashes.  Richard Gere's tap number, the ventriloquist routine, and of course All That Jazz.  However, my favorite number is Catherine Zeta-Jones' I Can't Do It Alone.  Wow, now that was dancing.  Velma was my favorite character in the movie.  I didn't really think Renee had too much in the way of dancing to do, so I had a much greater respect for all of the work Catherine had to do for the singing and dancing (and Cell Block Tango? Fantastic).  This movie definately deserved Best Picture as did Catherine deserve her best supporting actress Oscar.  My only complaint is not with the movie, but with the DVD.  You'd think there would be way more extras on a best picture winner.  There's next to nothing here.  Which really disapointed me.  I was shocked to find the only things of note to be a tiny featurette,commentary, and a deleted number.  Rob Marshall says in his commentary that there were a ton of deleted numbers from the original musical, so why none of those on the DVD? Or a longer feature? It was just really bare bones for the huge movie it was.  Maybe they're holding back for a Special Edition in another year (doesn't everyone now)...I hope so, because I'd really like to see way more extras.
B0000DYJM6|5.0|Lost Dogs has 2 disks.  Not in chrono order.  The 1st disk contains &quot;the rockers&quot; and the 2nd disk is more mellow.  Lost Dogs contains songs that were never released on albums, or were b-sides of singles, or were on the Fan Club annual Christmas Singles, or were on movie soundtracks, or were on benefit albums.<br />After the album &quot;Vs.&quot;, the band tried to become less popular for self preservation/sanity preservation purposes.  As said in interviews, if a song was too catchy it was changed or excluded.  Light Years from Binaural, for example, was changed.<br />The songs &quot;Sad&quot;, &quot;Fatal&quot;, &quot;Hold on&quot;, &quot;All night&quot; and &quot;In the moonlight&quot; are so great that it has been said by many that if included, they would have greatly improved their respective albums.  &quot;Sad&quot; in particular is one of their best ever.<br />Disk 2, the mellow disk, is more somber.  &quot;Hard to Imagine&quot;, &quot;Other side&quot;, &quot;Fatal&quot;, and &quot;Wash&quot; are haunting and introspective.<br />&quot;Brother&quot; sounds like Satriani and is waiting to be put in back of a movie chase scene.  &quot;Sweet Lew&quot; well, that is experimental and sounds like it is off of Beck's Odelay.  &quot;Gremmie out of control&quot; is classic.  Shows diversity.  They actually make this surfer song believable.<br />Lost Dogs has something for everybody.  The hardly a rarity &quot;Yellow Ledbetter&quot;, the hit &quot;Last Kiss&quot;, the rockers, ballads... everything.
B0000B1OE7|5.0|To all those who rated this film poorly, you are all Idiots! Ninja Scroll was a pioneer for anime in the western world. If it werent for the cult success of that movie adult and teen anime would not be as big as it is today, we'd all just have to put up with Pokemon. To those narrow minded people who were \\"appauled\\" by the sex and violence let me ask you this, why did you buy this movie? Did the concept of a violent ninja movie seem like that much of a shock? They must think that back in the Edo age of japan all people did was throw little magic balls at each other and have cute little animals come out and fight until one got a little hurt!<BR>For those who are thinking of buying this movie I say buy it this was a movie that for me and many other fans was a steooing stone to becoming a TRUE anime fan.<BR>Five stars for the Movie, in any format you can get your hands on!
B0000AXE8I|5.0|There is only one reason why one would not be in total awe of this movie.  If a person is not a total fan of this genre, the genre that 'The Matrix' has redefined, then they will not be able to respect the true power of this movie.  Even people who do not like this movie will be forced to notice the incredible effects that this movie produces.  From the very first usage of the camera rigs in 'The Matrix', all the way to the &quot;rain fight&quot; in 'Revolutions', this series has set a new standard for the way that sci-fi movies will be made from now on.  If you do not fully understand the first and second movies, DO NOT spend your money to go see 'Revolutions'!  You will be very disappointed!  This movie, in order to be appreciated, must first be understood.  After you have a good grasp on the series, come and prepare to be blown away with this movie.  Star Wars had its decade, we now have 'The Matrix'.
B000002J27|5.0|After Peter left Genesis ... the group tried over a hundred singers and then decided to stick to Phill Collins. Firstly in this album genesis  still sounds like Genesis but with a lot of wonderfull ballads.The album kicks off with dance on a volcano which has a very unique drum start... and sung beautifully by Phil Collins..... next is one of my fav. traks on the cd Entangled ... a lovely song with beautiful lyrics. and i just cant stop humming the song all day long..Now time for the long Genesis songs Mad Man Moon and Robbery, Assault And Battery both songs with amazing work on the keybords i just cant get the keybord riffs out of my mind ..... Then comes Ripples ... this song has the best lyrics on the album and is sung amazingly well ..The album ends with the tital track and one of genesis all time classic instrumental   ... which is one of the concert fav.<BR>On the whole this album is absolutely a fantastic album  and genesis have not changed in music at all after peter gabriel....<BR>This is a must buy for any genesis fan as it is classic Genesis
0780622553|4.0|Dark City is the best example I've ever seen of bringing a &quot;comic book&quot; sensibility to the big screen.  I saw it first at the Pusan International FIlm Festival years ago and was captiviated.<br />The look of the film is tremendous.  It's a highly stylized, art-deco world not unlike the first Batman movie, but a little darker, a tad more claustrophobic.  And the effects are well-handled without exception.  Add in a murder mystery, and you've got yourself an alternate reality worthy of exploration.<br />The performances are uniformly good, if a little mannered.  The standout is Richard O'Brien (the butler from &quot;Rocky Horror&quot;) as the lead &quot;bounty hunter,&quot; Mr. Hand.  He's creepy and belongs completely to the world of the film.  Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.<br />If you surrender to the conceit of the film, you'll enjoy this immensely.  If you are grounded in &quot;reality,&quot; you might have some problems.  I think this is a wonderful, stunning movie.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Too many people have chosen to place Peter's Film in the rhelm of incomplete or unparallel with the book. I think this is a mistake, brought about by a fear of others assuming a different view on the trilogy than their own. They perhaps even fear having changed what is dear to them in their minds and hearts, after having read the trilogy. But to read with meaning and reason is to read while guessing at the untold, to be inspired by what is not written. A perfect example of this is the travels of Gandulf \\"on paths that I will not tell\\" after his debacle with the Balrog. If your read with intent, you would try to imagine in your minds eye, what Gandulf saw and did during these \\"life-ages of the world\\". There are many aspects of the film which, I believe, heighten and articulate the entire Tolkien experience for the true fan. Years ago I watched Mr.B's adaptation of the RINGS with some enthusiasm, but was disgusted by its sequel, a childs' version of the Two Towers and Return mixed together. Ah, youth. Then and recently in life I dreamed of the day when a film producer would set the story to 'reel' screen. Twelve years ago friends and fans alike would tell me that setting the book to film was too monumental a task, though in my heart I never accepted this. I always told myself that if I was a millionaire I would hire people to help me make the film myself, in another life of course. I loved the first film, from Bilbo's home gate to the elven boats used along the Anduin river. I am very excited about the third and final film. I am excited to add to my collection of thought and memory concerning a master writer and literary genius -J.R.R. Tolkien.   Enjoy the movie for what it is, read a little more, accept that we all have differences of opinion, bringing futher inclination towards art in the first place. Bombadil is a bit of a sacred fellow and should not be portrayed in the films anyway, as would be Tolkien's wish I suspect - please read the History of The Lord of TheRings , vol. 1-10 and you will find the answer to Tom's purpose - we must not yet bring the Silmarillion to the silver screen, this should not be done. Enjoy the film movie fans, I sure did.
B00005JKC3|3.0|Highlights: The best `comic book feel' ever created in film; Sam Elliot's performance; the culmination fumes with vigor; script.<br />Lowpoints: Runs a little too long; Hulk looks cartoony; pretentious at times.<br />Conclusion: While some scenes, like when Hulk holds on to a jet that soars so high stars could be seen, smolder with potency, Ang Lee's venture into comic-book territory does not entirely live up to its hype. Once the viewers get used to the digital Hulk though, they are bound to appreciate the intelligent screen-play, decent performances and amazing comic-book style editing that Hulk has to offer. In addition, the final half an hour of the film will leave anyone breathless. <br />SEE THIS IF YOU LIKED: Ghostbusters, King Kong, An American Werewolf in London, Crouching Tiger...<BR>DON'T SEE THIS IF YOU LIKED: The Lost World, Daredevil, Apocalypse Now.
B000002H70|5.0|You could have knocked me over with a feather when I heard The Cure's \\"Pictures of You\\" in an advertisement for some camera or film on TV recently. But I did have to stop for a second to listen to this classic song.  It brought back many memories and once again I had to pull out the CD and listen to \\"Disintegration,\\" something I hadn't done for several years.<br />In 1989 when \\"Disintegration\\" was released I drove my family and friends nuts with multiple playings a day at home and in my car. What was it I was/am attracted to in this particular CD? The glorious sound of it of course, the voice (Robert Smith is a God), the lyrics, the general mood of despair and sadness for sure. But with all of that said, \\"Disintegration\\" is always hopeful, always \\"up.\\" The Cure revels in their downtrodden and bleak view of life but they do it with a wink, a knowing smile and not a smirk; which pretty much says it all in regards to them and their music. And anyone familiar with their playful \\"Let's Go To Bed\\" has to agree: they're misanthropes with hope, if that makes any sense at all. The Cure are of the Light not of The Darkness.<br />\\"Disintegration\\" would definitely be on my list of CD's I'd have to take with me if I were sent to spend the rest of my days on a desert island, so that I could forever marvel at their wit, their attitude, their playfulness and their unrelenting spirit and drive to make this world a better place in which to live. I'd listen to \\"The Same Deep Waters as You\\" over and over, until I wasted away to nothing and returned to the earth from whence I had come.
B00005JKC3|3.0|Highlights: The best `comic book feel' ever created in film; Sam Elliot's performance; the culmination fumes with vigor; script.<br />Lowpoints: Runs a little too long; Hulk looks cartoony; pretentious at times.<br />Conclusion: While some scenes, like when Hulk holds on to a jet that soars so high stars could be seen, smolder with potency, and Sam Elliot's performance is a perfect balancing act between exaggeration and subtlety, Ang Lee's venture into comic-book territory does not entirely live up to its hype due to its strive for artfullness and extended running time. Once the viewers get used to the digital Hulk though, they are bound to appreciate the intelligent screenplay, decent performances and amazing comic-book style editing that Hulk has to offer. In addition, the final half an hour of the film will leave anyone breathless. <br />SEE THIS IF YOU LIKED: Ghostbusters, King Kong, An American Werewolf in London, Crouching Tiger...<BR>DON'T SEE THIS IF YOU LIKED: The Lost World, Daredevil, Apocalypse Now.
B0000B1OFI|5.0|The Italian Job gets it right on all fronts. One great cast featuring Mark Wahlberg as Charlie, &quot;Transporter&quot; Jason Statham as Rob, and other greats. It also marks the return of Edward Norton who let many people down,including me in &quot;Death To Smoochy&quot; as the villain, and boy is he ruthless. If the cast ain't one reason to see it, the action is incredible. The scene with the mini-coopers is fantastic.Also you get some great comedy along the way including Seth Green in a variety of funny moments. For great action this year, firget the Matrix Series, and see The Italian Job. It rules!
B00006LLLN|5.0|Simply superb.  My only regret is not being at the live concert myself.  This recording was so impressive that I bought the DVD so that I could just pretend I was there.  It is that real!<br />Probably the best CD and DVD live concert recording I have ever seen or heard.<br />Buy it from Amazon...it comes quickly and you will never be disappointed.
B00008PW2E|5.0|We keep checking. When is the second season going to be released on DVD. I am soooooo anxious. We finished watching the first season monthes ago and can't wait to see what's next.
B000089RVX|4.0|Alot of people consider this &quot;goth&quot;, frankly i dont see how or why. To me this band is a total reminder of 80's music, specificly 80's joan jett blackhearts. Nice clean rock and roll with beautiful female vocals.<br />Highly recommended for rock or metal fans, dont be discuraged when people try to find ways to link this to gothic music, this is pure rock and roll.
B00006CXXU|5.0|I have to say that this is one out of very few albums I felt was worth every penny. Another thing I find with Stripped is that unlike most cd's I can listen to it over and over without getting bored because of the variety of all the 20 songs and the perfection of each song. This cd is for people who like music that is pure and intersting. Displays so much talent and is for virtually for almost everyone. When it come down to it the stipped album as a whole it is a definite 5 star and if you listen to simply the music you should see that. <BR>A wonderful album that far surrpassed my expectations!
B000002B7Y|4.0|This was the second cd  of Ozzy I bought and actually its one of my favourites.<BR>Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of a Madman still remain Ozzys finest moments but this cd comes in a proud third place. This is certainly an improvement to &quot;the Ultimate Sin&quot;, but it has a strong flaw: its poorly produced. <BR>Nevertheless it still remains as one of my favourites and I dont understand why its so underrated.<BR>This was the debut of young guitar player Zack Wylde and I think he does a better job than Jake E.Lee.<BR>Now lets see the songs:<br />Miracle Man: Altough its not incredible its an enjoyable song.<BR>Devils Daughter: one of the best on the album, its cool to sing along.<BR>Crazy Babies: Probably the worst on the album, the lyrics are stupid and Its just not good.<BR>Breaking All The Rules: Without a doubt, the best on the entire album. Good lyrics, good drumming, great vocals and an incredible intro, courtesy of Zack Wylde.<BR>Bloodbath In Paradise: This song has a great beggining, and it sounds a bit EVIL. A great song all throughout with great guitars.<BR>Fire In The Sky: This song is really good although not the best.<BR>Check out the work of Bob Daisley in this song.<BR>Tatooed Dancer: Another solid effort although the chorus could have been better. <BR>Demon Alchohol: Another great rocker. Real cool and real fast.<BR>Hero: The hidden track its an excellent mid-ballad, with one of the best solos Ive heard.<br />One more thing: The cover is one of the best from Ozzy.
B00005ASHM|5.0|What can be said about an album already so acclaimed? The editorial review gets it right that it's already been over-pre-digested for the public, and when I first gave it a listen, the hype fogged my view and I didn't really take to it.<br />Now that I've gotten that initial reaction out of the way and really lived in the album, I see its brilliance. I can't even waste time extolling the handful of truly great pop songs here -- Wouldn't It Be Nice, God Only Knows, I Just Wasn't Made for These Times, and on and on. They're already canonized.<br />Instead, two points:  1) Don't Talk-- This may be the most haunting pop song I've ever heard, and maybe the only one to really capture the intensity of those moments of young love -- the strings and big hall (or church) sound imbue the feelings with a quasi-religious awe.<BR>Wilson's genius shows nowhere more than in this masterful composition, a short but unpredictably twisting harmonic journey.<br />2) Sloop John B. is the album's one flaw. It just doesn't belong here--thematically it doesn't fit with the album's young love and growing pains, musically it's lame and boring, lyrically it's just flat out corny.
006016848X|3.0|Brought up in an era committed to equality between the sexes, I was usefully shocked by this presentation of systematic differences between men and women and how they show up in relationships. Gray's ideas are not original, but they are clearly and imaginatively presented.<br />The core of the book is in Chapter 12. The rest of the book rambles somewhat, as another reviewer has noted. <br />Be wary of Gray's advice on relationships: his claimed professional qualifications have recently been exposed ([...]) as 'worthless'.
6305784116|1.0|If I could, I would have given it 1/2 a star.  This movie should in no way be considered a Disney Classic.  First of all, the story line is extremely weak and basically just involves the cats walking back home to their mansion.  Secondly, it is clear that this movie was made in the 70's.  The main male feline hero comes across to the audience as a pimp and the main female feline heroine comes across as a whore.  Even worse, the movie promotes the swinging life style of the 60's as extremely hip.  I know that they are only cats, but they are given human qualities and I wouldn't want any kids to take these values home.  Thirdly, the villain comes out as a victim and his master seems to be a pompous rich person that has wasted her life away without ever doing any real work and someone that values cats over humans.  The only reason why I would have even given this movie 1/2 a star is because of the two dogs in the farm lands and the geeses drunk uncle.  Otherwise, the whole movie was a wretched boring experience.  Furtheremore, I would suggest that you avoid this movie for your kids unless you believe that the free sex, free drugs mantra of the 60's and 70's is appropriate for your children.
6304071906|5.0|I had to give this film 5 stars - it's a beautifully photographed  movie; the acting is strong and the location breathtaking - can't wait for it to be put on at a cinema, so I can see it in its widescreen splendour. There was a big critical hoo-ha when it was released and I did not go to see at as a consequence; subsequent  word of mouth recommendation, however, made me go out and buy this film. I know that there is a great script in the film - John Hurt's lines are incredibly erudite and funny, but the soundtrack makes it sound as if it were filmed on a cassette recorder. Is there any way the soundtrack can be digitally enhanced?
0131103628|5.0|I owe whole my career to this book. I guess thats enough...
B000089770|4.0|\\"Smoke\\" is one of those movies that you'd probably be better off buying rather than renting.  It deserves --perhaps even requires-- multiple viewings.  `Great,' you may say, `another movie that I have to watch a dozen times to understand.'  No, no.  Don't be afraid.  The reason I suggest this is not because the film is presented in a haphazard format (like the double helix-like antics of \\"Pulp Fiction\\").  It's not because the dialogue is cryptic or scant, the story unfolding with minimal explanation.  And, no, don't worry, it's not because it's so damned pretentiously quirky that things seem to be going absolutely nowhere, reminiscent of highly overrated films such as \\"The Royal Tennenbaums\\", \\"Punch Drunk Love\\", and \\"Adaptation\\": those where ultimately, you learn virtually nothing about the plot and characters.  So why do I recommend that \\"Smoke\\" be watched more than once?  There are actually a couple of primary reasons:  First, I'll explain why it 'deserves' multiple viewings, and secondly, why it may 'require' them:<br />1)  Simply put: This is a comforting film.  If you need to be loved or wanted, or just want to hang out with some friends who have been in your shoes and will listen and provide solace...  then this is the story for you.  <br />Compassion is the essential theme of \\"Smoke\\".  We have a drugged-out girl (Ashley Judd) who gets pregnant, with an alcoholic mother (Stockard Channing) struggling to reunite with her ex-boyfriend (Harvey Keitel) --who is also the purported father of her daughter-- in order to assist Judd's character with raising her child, and to provide a family atmosphere.  Enter next a seventeen year-old boy (Harold Perrineau Jr.) attempting desperately to obtain employment from an amputee owner of a nearly bankrupt gas station (Forrest Whitaker) whom he believes to be his long, lost father.  The boy ends up befriending -the last of the six characters-- a once popular writer (William Hurt) who, as a result of multiple traumas (mainly because of the loss of his wife), has lost his literary mojo; consequently, he is reclusive and somewhat paranoid of others.  These are all seriously confused people, folks.  But as the story progresses --at a pace that is neither hurried nor lagging behind, echoing the pace of the characters' deep thought and introspection, and thus allowing the viewer time to synthesize the consequences of their realizations-- these people become involved with others that share their pain and loss, and they console one another.  There really are no antagonists in this film.  Of course, none of the characters are even close to perfect, evidenced when they engage in some questionable and objectionable acts (never extending the scope of realism as to make them ridiculously quirky, I must add); but the important thing is that they all learn from their mishaps and paranoias, and bequeath their knowledge to influence positively each others' lives.  To conclude why \\"Smoke\\" deserve multiple viewings: There's a lasting effect that I liken to listening to a comforting song, over and over and over again.  <br />2)  Though the pace of \\"Smoke\\" was concurrent with the goings-on in the characters' lives, these people are nonetheless complex.  They are intellegent, introspective, and contemplative --and also great storytellers and listeners, to boot.  But complex stories and complex characters both demand a high degree of attentiveness, and as a result, there is a greater probability of something being missed.  For this reason, additional viewings may be required.  <br />For whatever reason, I highly recommend at least one viewing of \\"Smoke\\".  The acting is highly realistic --even improvised many times during the film, eliciting an occasional chuckle.  Few times have I seen a film where personal highs and lows are so well-balanced.  Then why only four stars?  Well, the improvisation seems to get a little out-of-character sometimes, and the direction is occasionally shoddy.  But overall, this is a great DVD to buy -not rent.
B00005JMD3|5.0|I loved this movie; it was my favorite movie this year. I saw it twice and I enjoyed it just as much the second time. The men are very hot, the music is loud and aggressive, and the action is as loud and violent as can be expected in any big action movie. As the rare female who enjoys action movies but usually has to suffer through watching the male heroes save stupid, scantily-clad women then get \\"rewarded\\" by them, I'm happy to the report that S.W.A.T. has none of that crap. The only female character is part of the team. I felt great after seeing it and I can't wait for it to be relased on dvd. Since I buy dvds only for the movie itself, I shouldn't be disappointed.
1558908382|5.0|In Grosse Pointe Blank John Cusack plays Martin Blank, a troubled hitman who returns home to Grosse Pointe, Michigan to attend his 10-year high school reunion and do what may be his last job.  This plot may seem like a strange place to start, but this movie ends up being one of the best films of the 90s.  What is most remarkable about Grosse Pointe Blank is how many levels is succeeds on.  It is an accomplished comedy, a truly moving drama, a great romance...  All of the humor is delicate, intelligent, and perfectly realized by Cusack and the rest of the cast, whether it be the physical humor or dry banter.  The movie truly moving, and yet it takes its dramatic subject-matter in stride; that is to say, never does the film insult the viewer (as so many movies seem to) by drawing attention to the more serious aspects.  Again, the sensational acting of Cusack and the rest of the cast help to get the movie's more serious themes across without bringing the movie down or loosing any momentum.  I did also mention that the film is romantic.  In fact, the romance is almost an afterthought, and yet this movie is one of the best romantic comedies that I know, and certainly one of the very best in recent year.  If this was not enough, Grosse Pointe Blank has great action sequences.  One of the finest gunfights on the screen and what may be the greatest REALISTIC martial arts fights in movie history.  This is simply a top-notch film with great acting, great writing, great directing, and great everything else.
B00005JMFR|4.0|This film met my expectations.It didn't play major mind games<BR>if it is viewed from the heart.The scenes with Trinity and Neo where nice. Overall the story unfolds faster than Reloaded. <BR>Yet the action wasn't as exciting as the freeway scene in the last part.Thank you directors for the greatest story ever told.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|in a world where people get record deals b/c they look hot and can dance, not b/c they have any sort of talent, gavin sends a nice refreshing breeze. his album &quot;chariot&quot; shows great talent and promise. i for one counted down the days til his record was coming out, granted it was mostly b/c he graduated from my high school, but after i listened to it i fell in love w/ it. the lyrics to all the songs are so powerful, and his piano playing a wonderful voice send chills through ur spines. every song on this cd is awesome, i listen to him every where i go. his cd hasnt come out of my cd player since i got it in july or august. his songs are very addicting, u cant help but sing them wherever u go. he's also awesome live, ive seen him on tv a couple of times and he just blew me away. if there is just one cd that u can get, definately spend ur money on this, u wont regret it. I LOVE GAVIN!!
006017322X|2.0|i have to read this book for school. i have heard from my mother and a lot of other older people that this is a great book. i want to know why. it is true that i am only up to chapter 8, but this book is slow moving and boring. so far, i do not like this book. i am not like most people. i saw a beautiful mind, which has won 4 academy awards and i did not feel as if it should received that many. in order to do my homework i need to listen to any kind of music as long as its not classical or anything that doesnt have words. i get straight As but i do not study and i do not pay attention in class. true, there might be something wrong with me, but i just want to know why this is &quot;such a great book&quot;<BR>signed,<BR>confused
B000003TA4|5.0|What this album is this: 10 out of 10, 100%, Brilliant, Fanatastic, Mesmerising, a gem, 1 in a million, beautiful, great, incredible, emotional, sad, fun, rocking, perfect.<BR>  Every song a classic that will never be forgotten.  <BR>     Thank You Nirvana
B0000C6E4D|2.0|For McLachlan's zealously orthodox fan brigade who forbid even suggestions of heresy, allow me to save you further trouble:<br />0 of Billions found the following review helpful:<br />Bad news is that Afterglow doesn't come close to being McLachlan's best work.  Nothing in this album hooks on first play; repeated plays are uninspiring.  Afterglow is flat--in spots, downright Enya-esque--and it creates a McLachlan-craving it isn't able to satisfy (pop another McLachlan CD into the player to get the job done). <br />Good news is that some of the time, even the gods are entitled to be less than brilliant.  Now that McLachlan has released a mediocre record, she can go back to being brilliant again.  Until then, take heart:  The afterglow is never as fun and interesting as the fumbling and the surfacing...which may have been McLachlan's point.
0618154043|5.0|What can I say? This book is excellent. Christopher starts a winning pattern ot commentary with this book that he eventually carries over into his &quot;Histories&quot;. He does a wonderful job tying up loose ends and showing how things fit into (or in some cases changing) the published works. (ie. hobbit, LOTR, Silmarillion.)<br /> The actaul stories are beautiful. My personal favorite is &quot;Of Tuor and his coming to Gondolin&quot;, which is much more in depth than what is in the Silmarillion. Alas, it ends only with him just reaching the city. the only way to get a true look at the city is to look past the Silmarillion deep into the early mythology to the Book of Lost Tales vol.2.<br /> The other stories are all great esp. the ones in the Third Age.<br /> This book is for people who mostly want to study middle-earth and the last thoughts of its creator.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|This cd contains the most poetic lyrics and enchanting choruses I have heard in a long time.  I have worn out Mirrorball, Fumbling and Surfacing and I am wearing this new one out as well.  The strenght in the lyrics and the messages seem to speak to me.  I can find a connection to every track.  Train Wreck and Drifting are my absolute favorites on this cd.  This cd gives me an opportunity to share a common ground with my thirteen-year-old.  This one was well worth the wait.
B0000DJZ9T|5.0|Coldplay's live 2003 dvd is absolutely amazing.  They play many of their great songs to new levels.  This is a dvd you should get especially if your a coldplay fan!  Great job on this dvd!!
0393307050|3.0|Ever since I was in elementary school I have been drawn to books about the sea, so by all rights I should have loved \\"Master and Commander.\\" But \\"Master and Commander\\" is, for me, more work than pleasure. It is full of nautical terms from the 18th and 19th centuries that are never explained, there is very little plot in this book, which is first in the series, and I did not immediately find the characters \\"charming,\\" which is the term most often used in connection with Jack Aubrey. However, before POB fans keelhaul me, I did, on the third try, complete the book, and intend to keep reading my way through the \\"canon.\\" So for those who are not immediately smitten with the world Patrick O'Brian created, my advice, based upon the advice of others, is to not give up: ignore the complex naval terminology, because it really isn't necessary for you to understand it; if you are not familar with the time period, there are POB websites which will provide you with the necessary background; if you find his prose dense, and smacking more of the 19th than the 20th century (when the books were written), keep reading, it will grow on you, as will the characters. I have been told, \\"Do not judge the rest of the series by 'Master and Commander,\\" as it is the most difficult of POBs books. Frequently people, such as myself, come to this book expecting it to be similar to the works of Kent or Forester, and it is not: it is much more complex and challenging, and that can be frustrating in the beginning, but rewarding in the end. All the readers of the series assure me that the characters become more developed, and questions that are raised in \\"M & C\\" are answered in future books. I still rate it a four not a five because of the overuse of sailing terminology and obscure 18th & 19th allusions, which I suspect have kept many a reader from completing the book, and discouraged them from the rest of the series.
B0000CDLA7|3.0|The best Dream Theater album yet? Clearly not. Good Dream Theater Album...? No. Better than FII? Well....<br />FII had some good songs; Hell's Kitchen is cool, and New Millenium, though I hate hate singing, is still fun to listen to and I know it's Dream Theater. But what is this business? <BR>Well. I have a feeling this is what happens when Mike Portnoy takes total control of the band. Don't get me wrong, I play the drums, I'd like to play like him, he's very talented. But so is everyone else in the band. I read that Portnoy wasn't taking lyrics from Myung anymore because they were more poetic and weren't quite ready to go for the song. Great. This would explain why it took only 3 weeks to make this cd: apparently taking time to do things well isn't the Portnoy way. <br />I remember when Metropolis II came out, which few of you are talking about, but I consider to be by far their best album. They holed up in Beartracks Studios, it tooks months to create the cd. And it ruled. I listened to it alone for months. <br />This cd doesn't have the depth of SFAM, and while it does seem to get less distressing to me with time, I think that is just because now I'm more used to it. <br />I would say to Dream Theater - John P, you're good. But in all honestly, why would I listen to this cd? The guitar player from the band Rhapsody is pretty fast too, maybe I should pick up one of their cds and learn about the warrior of ice. Mike, you are not Dream Theater. And I know that you are good too. Sometimes good means not doing everything you can on every song. What happened to just grooving in 19/16? I guess you can just replace that with double bass/tom fills. That never gets old. Jordan, you added immeasurably to SFAM, I miss that. James, John M, not bad I guess. I heard some bass on this cd. That's kinda rare.<br />Better luck next time. Although, if this is how it's gonna be, maybe you should just tour and not make any more cds. Just play I&amp;W, Awake, COS, SFAM, classic stuff,I'd go to your shows.
B0000DJZA0|3.0|I aint bought this yet but will do because old cranky has the opposite views to me. What he says is bad is good as far as I am concerned. Most of his reviews are getting repetitive though. Any chance of a another review similar to the blender review? Another thing this bloke or blokess must be an unemployed millionair. He reviews 4-10 cd's a day. I wish I had the spare time and the cash to splash like he does! Anyway Cranster keep up the work but lets have a little variation of the theme.
0783225857|5.0|I seldom find a movie version of a story that is at least as good as the book in which it's based, but &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; is a rare exception: the film is, if possible, even better than the book.  Gregory Peck is superb here as the lawyer Atticus Finch, an everyman thrown into the role of a hero of sorts among his prejudiced community.  Another highlight is the young actors playing his children; their acting, particularly Mary Badham as Scout.  Her final scene with &quot;Boo&quot; made me cry, which didn't happen  even when I read the book.  This is child acting like Macaulay Culkin never succeeded in showing.  The film gives a tender but penetrating portrayal of the relationship between the widowed father and his children, of the children and the mysterious Boo, and of a community divided by hate.  Unforgettable.
0140177396|5.0|Although I favor Grapes of Wrath as my favorite Steinbeck novel, Of Mice and Men is easier to read.  It has his typical type of storyline, but a little shorter and it's easier to &quot;get to know&quot; these characters.  This book is a good addition to anyone's library.
B00007GZR5|1.0|If I could give 0 star to this film, I would.  I absolutely adore Robin Williams, but this film was sheer torture to sit through.  The plot is convoluted and the characters unlikeable, or at best, incomprehensible.  Annabella Sciorra's character becomes so inexplicably depressed that you're left at a loss as to why Robin Williams' character would even stand by her.  The visual effects are stunning, but just can't make up for the miserable plot.  The best thing about the film, seriously, is the title, which was what made me want to watch it in the first place and left me wondering halfway, when is this going to end???
B000001EC1|1.0|Let's do over what we all ready done but with a twist.  It surely will sell well and kill another one of those requirements with the record company.  We'll make money, the record company will make money and we won't have to do alot of work!  Ain't Amercia grand.......<br />Fantastic band...bad idea...don't bother!
630469797X|5.0|The greatest concept and amazingly timeless. My &quot;OWN IT&quot; rating is a gurantee and here is more info for you: Sure you may look at the BLUE make-up on some Zombies and laugh, but just go with it and you'll be fine. The characters are all memorable, the &quot;shopping spree&quot; scenes are great (and this is what I mean when I mention actors that are believable, it's just what you would do in their position). After this movie, you know where zombie movies should have progressed to and never have. This movie is simply great.
B00005JM02|5.0|I love these Disney/Pixar movies, and Finding Nemo is no exception. It's a great movie for everybody, with a bunch of laughs, memorable characters, and a touching story. Everyone I know loves this movie! If you enjoy other Pixar movies like Toy Story and Monsters Inc., then you should definitely check this one out.
B00006ZXST|5.0|When Moulin Rouge was out at the theatres I refused to watch it thinking a musical with Nicole Kidman - really!  When the Oscars were on and it was nominated for so many awards, again I scoffed.  But how wrong I was.  Luhrmann truly outdid himself with this film.  Not only can Nicole and Ewan sing, but the whole thing works and works beautifully.  The colour, the music, the story, the cinematography - WOW.
B0000DJZ9T|5.0|What can I say that would truly describe the feeling I got from the DVD.  Once I got home I popped the DVD in and can't get it out of the player for hours!!!  I just kept it on and watched every second of those two DVD.  <br />For die heart fan like me it's a great treat and for those who only like coldplay you will be a die heart fan after this DVD.  And I think everyone should give coldplay a chance!!!  It's a great deal for only 20 dollars!!!
B00004SCX6|4.0|Take &quot;...Baby One More Time&quot; and subtrack the catchyness and you have &quot;Oops.&quot; &quot;Stronger&quot; &quot;Satisfaction&quot; &quot;When Your Eyes Say It&quot; and &quot;Don't Let Me Be Last To Know&quot; are fine, but the rest are kinda boreing. Avoid if possible, but not totally evil.
B00004W221|5.0|Any movie that celebrates the triumph of a man against overwhleming odds, that displays courage, tenacity, disappointment, tragedy, love, and victory and that does  all this delivery in simple human emotion is going to connect with every single viewer of the film.<br />Rudy is one of those truly rare films that stay in your mind and heart.<br />The DVD is my only edition of the film, and does have the interview of the guy the film is based on, and this simply blows me away in its delivery of a regular joe sharing himself.<br />All I can say, despite its relatively simple DVD architecture, and few &quot;extra&quot;, and since I cannot give the film 6 stars, buy this DVD for the movie....after all, thats what it is for.
B000002NJS|5.0|This Madonna is one I would have liked to stay longer, but alas it did not. \\"Ray of Light\\" is Madonna at her very best. \\"Nothing Really Matters\\" \\"Frozen\\" and \\"The Power of Goodbye\\" are highlights on this beautiful techno masterpiece of dreamy melodies and soothing singing. Thou her \\"Enlightened\\" stage was like a breeze in her ever-changing life, it left a trail of beautiful results.
630025111X|5.0|in my opinon this is lee marvin best western,this is truly a underated film which never got the acclaim it deserves.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Evil techo that delivers the goods. \\"Cryptorchild\\" is my favorite. \\"The Beautiful People\\" and \\"Man that You Fear\\" also make this a well-to-do album of greedy-delight. Poetry set to music, a work of art.
B0000AFQS0|5.0|My favorite memories of the summer of 1979 involved seeing the Kids Are Alright numerous times at Philly's famed Tower Theater on a huge screen with full-concert, Dolby sound. If memory serves, that was also the year Neil Young's &quot;Rust Never Sleeps&quot; came out, and it, too, was a marvel to behold in a real concert venue.<br />After years of various VHS versions, mostly edited and time-compressed for timing, from faded, scratched prints (VH-1 has shown one of those), we finally have this, the &quot;Director's Cut&quot; restored to its glory through painstaking image and audio reprocessing. It's vibrant and loud and instantly takes me back to those summer nights where concert-sized crowds filled a theater to cheer a movie screen as if the band were there live. (It really was that energizing an experience!)<br />&quot;TKAA&quot; is a fantastic testimonial to why the Who were so great and so much more than the endless-retirement band that only occassionally showed glimpses of their old fire and power. The intensity of the performances will knock you out. And I defy anyone to not have their breath taken away in the instrumental outro on &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; when we cut from Keith Moon's drum flurry (great under-kit lighting) to Townshend flying across the stage, sliding to his knees as Daltrey's scream shatters the soundtrack.<br />Perhaps more importantly, the wit, depth, and pathos of the band shine through the interview and film clips. From their mod days (&quot;Hey, Paul Weller, Keith Moon called; he wants his shirt back!&quot;) through the recording of Who Are You, we get the band at all phases, warts and all. It's simply heartbreaking to see Keith Moon's descent into old-age at 31, and chills run down your spine when he looks to the camera in response to the interviewer's question about truth, &quot;The truth as you want hear it? Oh, no. I can't do that. You couldn't afford me.&quot; He would be dead within weeks of the film's completion.<br />As impressed as I was by the quality of the Led Zepplin DVD issue earlier this year, The Kids Are Alright reminds me why the Who were my favorite band. I don't recall ever hearing Plant or Page tell a funny story or tear at each other's sleeves during interviews. And the restoration of image and sound along with the DVD bonus features are wonderful. All in all, my favorite rock documentary gets the proper DVD treatment at last. Long live rock, indeed.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion howls, but in a good way. \\"All The Way...\\" is a great collection of this howling. All the greats are included as well as a helping of new material. \\"When You Look At Me\\" is a good addition to this collection, in my opinion (although it is awkward).  The rest except for \\"That's the Way It Is\\" are rather dismissible. I recommend \\"Falling Into You\\" for undecided buyers, but this is a great buy for a casual Celine lover.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets, the best point in Metallica history, period. Everythinng was at the best for this innovative metal band; The guitars were the best, James Hetfield's Vocals, Cliff Burton's bass, the songwriting (And Justice for all comes close) were the best Metallica has ever done, most people who don't know metallica too well say the black album is the best, most people who do say this is the best...<br />Battery:(A-) Very good openin song, not as good as Figh fire  on RTL, but still good. Drags on a bit on the end.<br />Master of Puppets:(A+) Probably the best Metallica in existence, excellent riffs, great lyrics,..what can I say that hasn't been said already? Even at 8 minutes, doesn't seem too long, not long enough anyway.<br />The Thing That Should Not Be:(A) Great melondic (spelling?) song by metallica based on a H.P. Lovecraft story, therfore the 'unique' lyrics. Great song, extremly catchy (at least for me)<br />Welcome Home (Sanitarium):(A-) Metallica second Ballad, based on One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (Excellent Movie!). Comparing this song to Fade to lack, it easy to se where the real genious was, but this is still a good effort and great song. I don't know, I like Fade to BLack better...<br />Disposable Heroes:(A+) Second best song on this album, second only to Master of Puppets. Awesome, very heavy song, with some great lyrics great gutar. In my opinion a vastly underrated Metallica song. If you first get the album you'll probobly think Master Of Puppets is better, but I'm becoming to like this even more. Great Haunting lyrics (listen to them), very fast.<br />Leper Messiah:(B+) Intristing little song here, definitly not the best, but preatty good. Very catchy, and the transition from this to Orion is awesome. Speaking of Orion...<br />Orion:(A-) I'm a sucker for instrumentals (my favorite being Woodpecker form Mars by Faith No More) and this is no exception. Call of Ktulu is the best Metallica instrumental, but this does well by having a VERY catchy riff.<br />Damage Inc.:(B) A thrash metal anthem;Heaviest song on here. Not really sure hat it's about, except destruction, which always good for thrash. Not at all my favorite, but not a low point by any means.<br />And there you have it...my review. So I'f you want Metallica album that is their old stuff, and you don't have this yet..GO OUT AND BUY THIS!
B00005JKNF|1.0|When I read the few negative reviews among all the raves, I figured that some people are simply not sophisticated to appreciate a good movie. I was wrong. Gosford Park is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. It is incomprehensible when it comes to connecting the characters. Certainly, this movie would be better watched a second time. But why torture yourself to a second viewing of a movie that goes nowhere?
B0000CDLA7|3.0|I will say this again, as I've said before:<br />Portnoy's lyrics are horrible.  Dreadful.  Obviously he's STILL writing to fill the void left by Kevin Moore, who is surely missed - at the very least in the lyrical department.<br />I agree with most of the reviewers that outline the overall &quot;lack&quot; that this CD has - melody, cohesiveness, etc.  And it's sad.  Apparently they peaked at &quot;Awake&quot; ... the last song that was a true masterpiece was &quot;Scarred&quot; ... though &quot;Trial of Tears&quot; (off, yes, FII) is great in it's own right.<br />I'm giving them one last shot before they drop off the must-buy on release day list.  Please don't let me down again, DT.  Take some time, recharge the batteries, and get back to writing some musical AND lyrical classics once again.
B00005NTJM|4.0|This is by no means a bad album, its just unrepresentative of their later sound. Mick Abrahams plays guitar, instead of Martin Barre, and boy he's good. Bunker is a wicked drummer, and Glen Cornick brews up supple bass too. Ian Anderson plays less flute on here and more Harmonica.<br />This compliments Stand Up wonderfully and are my two personal Tull favourites. I find their later stuff a bit dull and cheesey.<br />If you're a fan of Blues, Rock and funky jazz then you'll love this album. If you like Led Zep you'll love Clive Bunkers heavy drums.<br />If you like medevial folk then Jeffrey Goes to Leicester square hints at this later direction.<br />Mick Abrahams set up Blodwyn Pig after this and the first album by them is...OK, but not a patch on the best tunes here.
078401213X|3.0|Summary:<BR>Maximillian Cohen (Sean Gullette) is a brilliant mathematician who is trying to predict stock values using his mathematical wizardry.  He has turned his apartment into a giant computer and spends every waking hour working on mathematical problems.  When approached by a fellow Jew involved with Cabalah, Lenny Meyer (Ben Shenkman), Max learns about the existence of a 216 digit number that is supposed to hold the key to, well, everything - including stock values and the true name of God spoken by the ancient high priests of Israel.  Consulting with his mentor, Sol Robeson (Mark Margolis), Max is informed that it might exist, but Sol also warns him that once he fixates on a specific number he will begin to see it everywhere.  <br />It's not clear whether Max takes his advice or not, but Max seems to solve what the number is, only to be attacked by a number of people that want the number.  Eventually he is able to escape from all of these attacks only to succumb to his own insanity.<br />My Comments:<BR>Two friends highly recommended this movie.  As was the case with Donnie Darko, it was described as a 'mind trip'.  And, as was the case with Donnie Darko, I think this movie fails to fully realize its potential.  Yes, the idea that pretty much everything in the universe can be represented mathematically is cool.  Also cool is the idea that perhaps there is a single number that holds the key to unraveling all of the mysteries of the universe.  But the story used to explore this idea just doesn't cut it.<br />The story isn't necessarily full of holes, it just doesn't make much sense.  The biggest problem is Max's headaches, if that's what they really are.  I'm guessing they are supposed to be hyper-severe migraines that result in him hallucinating at times.  Max also seems to be somewhat paranoid, though his paranoia seems to be somewhat based in reality.  In the end, the headaches just turn into an excuse to kill Max off without actually dealing with what the consequences would have been if someone had actually discovered the 'almighty number' that solves everything.  It was really disappointing and much shallower than I think most people want to believe.  Yes, it had potential, but all of that potential rested in Max actually doing something with the information he discovered.  Instead, Max takes a drill to his head and kills himself.  Whoopee.<br />I'm sure defenders of the movie will turn around and say, &quot;But consider the budget.  They really couldn't do much beyond what they did.&quot;  Well, that's probably true.  But if they had a better story, they could have gotten a better budget.<br />As for the acting, Sean Gullette was pretty good.  Once again, the big problem here is the headaches.  Even though Sean Gullette plays a convincing, introverted mathematician, I don't think even he really knew what to do with the headaches.  They don't seem to have a basis in reality (i.e., no one has ever had anything like this before), which make them hard to portray convincingly.  So, yes, Sean's performance was pretty good, but considering the story didn't make a lot of sense, he didn't have much to work with.  The rest of the cast was for the most part bearable, with the exception of Pamela Hart (Marcy Dawson from Lancet Percy).  I'm guessing she only has minimal experience acting, because she didn't seem to be doing it in this movie.<br />Overall, the concept was cool, but the delivery was wanting.  The incorporation of the migraines, if that's what they were, was a copout for a story that wasn't going anywhere.  Whether this was because of a non-existent budget or a bad story doesn't matter to me.  Perhaps I was expecting a real 'mind trip', but what I got was just a dull, throbbing in my temporal lobe.  Not recommended.
B000002KKK|5.0|Billy Gibbons, Billy Gibbons, Billy Gibbons! Thats all I have to say. I mean the man can play the hell out of a guitar! He has to be one of the top players of all time. Deguello to me is ZZ Top's best album to date. They have had a lot of good ones but this tops them all! On This one everything is perfect. All the songs are winners, all the emotion and all the passion that goes along with making a good rock and roll record is here. I would have to say that the best song is 'Cheap Sunglasses' I mean come on what a song, the lyrics are great and the guitar solos are brilliant as only the great Billy Gibbons could play them! The only song that isnt almost perfect is 'Dust My Broom' but thats fine and Ok because it doesnt take away from the rest of the album. This was the last great ZZ Top album before they went and got all MTV on us. If you want good ZZ Top and I mean GOOD ZZ Top then Deguello is the album for you to start your collection with.
B0000CC5CS|3.0|Summary:<BR>John Connor (Nick Stahl), now out of high school, is constantly on the move. Even though he believes he prevented the takeover of the machines in the last movie by destroying the company that was supposed to create SkyNet, he still has a premonition that he hasn't prevented Judgment Day, he has just delayed it.  So, to be safe, he doesn't put down roots so any terminators sent back to find him again won't be able to track him down.<br />In his travels, he wrecks his motorcycle and ends up breaking into a veterinary clinic in order to get some medicine and bandages for his banged up leg.  In the process, he meets a junior high school friend/lover, Kate Brewster (Claire Danes), who works at the clinic.  But before Kate can turn him over to the police, the latest Terminator model, T-X or Terminatrix (Kristanna Loken), shows up.  Since they can't find John, they are tracking down his lieutenants and killing them off one by one.  Kate, as it turns out, is going to be John's wife and a leader in the resistance, so she's a target.  <br />But, just in time, The Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) shows up.  He helps them escape then catches up with them as they make their getaway from the T-X.  They head into Eastern California to pick up a weapons stash set up by John's mother, then decide to try to make their way to Kate's father's workplace.  As it turns out, Robert Brewster (David Andrews) is actually the one responsible for SkyNet.  The Terminator also reveals that that very day is when Judgment Day is going to begin.  SkyNet is taking over all of the computers in the world as they speak.  <br />When they arrive at the military base, it's too late.  The T-X has already arrived and shoots Robert.  While dying, he reveals what John and Kate believe to be the location of SkyNet's core and gives them the codes to get in.  They make their way there where the T-X and the Terminator have their final showdown.  But, as it turns out, the location is actually just a bomb shelter.  SkyNet is a program, not a computer; they can't destroy it.  In the shelter they will be protected as the impending Judgment Day begins.<br />My Comments:<BR>The first thing I need to point out is that they have really messed up the names of the movies in this series.  Yes, 'The Terminator' worked for the first one, even though Schwarzenegger's model isn't the original Terminator robot (which is revealed in T3).  The second Terminator (T2), is called Judgment Day.  But Judgment Day takes place in T3.  The Rise of the Machines actually hasn't taken place by the end of T3, it would only begin after T3 ends.  Who's naming these?  Hello, give it some thought!<br />As for the story in this movie, it's not very good.  There is no reason for John to be racing down the freeway on his motorcycle.  How, if they just recently graduated from high school, is Kate a veterinarian?  How did the T-X know she would be at the clinic at 4:00 am instead of in bed with her fianc?  How did Sarah Connor know to put a casket full of weapons in a tomb in Eastern California?  Why did they go there?  Couldn't they just stop at your local gun store (they are in the U.S.)?  Why doesn't Kate's dad tell them the truth about SkyNet?  There are a ton of problems with this story.<br />The acting is also B-grade.  Both Nick Stahl and Claire Danes are terrible.  What makes them even worse is that you know they can't die, even though their horrible portrayals make you want to see them mangled by the T-X.  Schwarzenegger and Loken aren't too bad, but then, all they have to do is act like robots.  <br />Of course, I can't review a movie in which my Uncle (Stan Winston) played a part without commending his involvement.  The robots were killer!  He really is an innovative genius.  Well done Stan!  Now just get someone who can write good stories.  By the way, what happened to James Cameron?  The first two weren't half bad, probably in large part due to Cameron's involvement.  Did he recognizethat they had no basis for a story here so he opted out?  Either way, these are very cool robots and animatronics to be wasted on such a silly story.  Better luck next time.<br />Overall, if you absolutely love the Terminator series, you'll probably see this movie just because it is another installment, but you'll also likely find that it isn't nearly as good as the first two.  The story is weak and the acting is even worse.  Bring back Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn.  If you haven't seen the original Terminator or T2, don't start with this one - it will turn you off from what began as a good series of movies.  You may want to see it for the animatronics (plug for my Uncle's work) and special effects, but definitely not for the story.
B00008DDSC|5.0|Sexuality has forever played a tremendous role in our storytelling.  In recent years, those roles and themes have become more visible, controversial and erotic.  Where censorship strives to dismiss controversy, \\"Secretary\\" embraces it and offers us an unforgetable tour of the taboo.<br />\\"Secretary\\" forces us to look outside of the box - and see through the eyes of Lee Holloway (Maggie Gyllenhaal).  Lee is of a unique breed, who gets pleasure from pain and finds security out of being submissive.  Lee returns home for her sister's wedding after having spent time in a mental patient facility.  We are immediately find out she is a cutter and inflicts wounds of all sorts for a sense of relief.  Determined to not spend all her time at home with her dysfunctional family, she gets a job working as a secretary in a law office for E. Edward Grey (James Spader).  Grey is an abrasive anal-retentive man who apparently runs through secretaries every few months or so.  We soon witness his growing infactuations with Lee and through his mood swings and psuedo-violent behaviors, a strange sort of romance develops between them.  He begins to abuse her and as these habits become more severe, she looks for more ways to receive abuse.  Lee must then balance her two seperate lives, living with her family/exploring a relationship with a childhood boyfriend and the taboo S&M relationship she carries with her employer.  Both worlds,of course, interfere with each other, ultimately ending with a final confrontation and a surprise ending.  <br />Maggie Gyllenhaal has proven herself to be a superb actress.  Her character seems so real in all her actions - there is nothing campy about her subtle nature and her excitement's crescendos.  Though her role is small in this feature, Leslie Ann Warren lends her usual charismatic prescence as Lee's over protective suburban mother.  James Spader is surprisingly cold and calculated in all of his antics.  Each expression on his face becomes immaculately complex, as to which we must question what is going through his head as he spanks his \\"helpless\\" employee leaning over his desk. <br />One must remember that this movie relys on exposing the dark side of sexuality.  Full female nudity, masturbation and sex is blunty displayed in a few scenes.  What makes this art instead of smut is the underlying emotional states of the characters.  One can only hope to find some understanding of their psychology and desires.  Because of how controversial the subject matter is, this movie is not for everyone.  And I think that might be a reason I love it so much!
B00005Y6YB|1.0|As to the person from Minneapolis, if you look at the technical details for this specific DVD, you will find it is 240 minutes long.  Yes, there was an earlier edition that was 360 minutes long, the one I would recommend if you can find it.  BUT THIS VERSION IS ONLY 240 MINUTES LONG.  The person from Mineapolis is mistaken and DIDN'T LOOK AT THE TECHNICAL DETAILS FOR THIS SPECIFIC DVD.
B0000E1ALR|5.0|First of all i would like to say to all those moaners out there, who are complaining that you already have all the songs on Essential, 'Duh it's an essential collection of Bruces songs so hes not going to release a load of unknown new songs on the first two discs is he'. Secondly why are you all complaing about already having the songs on the 3rd Disc. This third disc isn't for the saddos who have spent 12/$15 on Film soundtracks and suchlike just for one Bruce song.<BR>        Thirdly for all of you who have spent, lets say 60/$70 on Film soundtracks etc., and at he same time complaing that Bruce is Ripping you off, think about it, instead of paying that amount of money you could of payed a mere 15/$20 to get them all on one CD. So really its your own fault and bruce hasnt ripped you off, you've ripped yourself off.<BR>        Fourthly going back to my title,'Accept it for what it is'. It's a collection of some of Bruces best songs, obviously peoples perception of what should be on it is going to differ but what do you think Sony are going to do?'Make thousands of different combinations for each fans individual preferances'. Each song on here is worth 5 stars and it is a brilliant introduction to the music of Bruces career to the new fans.<BR>It is also good for the old fans given the fact that there is a collection of favourites on one Cd which makes listening to Bruces songs in the car easier as you dont need to carry 15 albums around with you. The third Cd is also Brilliant with songs like 'Trapped and 'None But the Brave'. With songs Like 'None But the Brave', 'Janie' and 'Brothers under the Bridge', Born in the USA could have been a double CD like the River.<BR>      Overall Essential is an Essentail part of any CD collection for old, new and casual fans alike.
B00005Y6YB|1.0|To top things off, Lonesome Dove has released two versions of their film.  The full length version (released some time ago) is out of stock per Amazon. The new version is 2/3 the film. But both versions show the same reviews on Amazon. So check the technical details to be sure the version that you are buying is the full length.
B00004THAY|5.0|Being a blues player and lover, I was refreshed by the surprisingly laid-back feel of this album.  Too many \\"Ultimate Duet\\" sessions are a tiresome shoot-out of pyrotechnics.  But as many have mentioned, these are two accomplished masters who have nothing to prove...they just want to have a good time playing great music.  A great mix of up-town refinement and good-ol' guts.  Plenty of traditional blues in the purest sense, but with an un-pretentious sophistication.<br />As for the recording/producing/engineering quality of this CD...this is a true gem.  You can really feel (and almost see) the room in which they recorded...obviously all live takes with the full band.  Great stereo separation on guitar solos and vocals, and the natural, woody resonance of the room is captured brilliantly for all instruments.  No extranneous add-on studio reverbs on anything.  Clapton's tone has rarely sounded better in recent recordings, and even the snare drum hits sound completely live...whether they be straight stick hits, brushes, or rim shots.  The bass sounds like an upright contra, but with a comfortable amount of fullness and thump.  Kudos to producer Simon Climie for his choice of mic-ing and mixing.  This should be a real treat for you audiophiles out there, and it's natural acoustic sound quality beautifully captures the essence of live blues performance, with the added sophistication of accomplished musicians.<br />This one just plain feels right.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album has been in my car for years.  Paranoid Android is an amazing song.  I just want to get the rating back up to 5 stars!
0060512806|4.0|Successful writer Neal Stephenson jumps headlong into main stream fiction with anything but main stream storytelling. At 900+ pages this book is awesome in scope if not its size. The story is about cryptography, and its use in the modern world to try and secure man's inalienable, but often tramped rights. The book is split between a cast of WWII cryptographers and service men and their modern day grandchildren. Randy Waterhouse is a network engineer and computer hacker(coder). He and his business partners are trying to set up a worldwide secure data repository, a digital vault, were a person's information (digital cash) can be safe from the prying hands of crooks, dictators, or nosy governments. Regardless if these same people are crooks themselves. The key to accomplishing this task is cryptography, encoding data in a nearly unbreakable form. <br />Stephenson interleaves this modern day story with a great rendition of code breaking history from WWII. Lawrence Waterhouse, Randy's grandfather, and marine Sgt. Bobby Shaftoe are part of  the fictitious \\"detachment 2702\\". A group that among other assignments is sent out to spread false data so that Germany will not figure out that the Allies have broken the \\"unbreakable\\" Enigma machine code. Sgt. Shaftoe is Stephenson's alter-ego. Not surprising that a self proclaimed geek would choose pure hearted (excepted for sex) man of action to offset the techno-nerd portion of the book. He is by far the best character. Besides beating back the Axis powers the story turns to a second plot involving gold transfers and the generation of even more secret codes. The past and present come together when young Randy must some how duplicate his now late Grandfather's work in order to free himself from the modern day villains that oppose the creation of the vault. The gold storyline is what is really captivating about this book. We all know how WWII ends. We keep turning the pages to find out if the modern day charaters will win the day. Sadly they do not even meet their adversaries. The one sacraficial villain offered up in the end is an off screen character mentioned on about page 100. Many good characters are dumped along the way and we never find out what happens to them.<br />Stephenson knows his stuff. And he manages to convert many areas of technology into a slam-bang, in-your-face, narrative style that will often leave the reader laughing. The scientific one-two punch style is enjoyable but does get old when he tries to adapt it to memories of childhood playgrounds and family heirloom squabbles. The concepts of starting, maintaining and attaching faith to a completely digtal currency are put forth in clear rudimentary form. He does not ascribe to the typically network huckster mantra that the WEB will solve everything. Currency must be backed and he gives us a smattering of what may happen should anyone realy try to pull off a real vault. More drama could have been wrung from this point if the author was as savy about politics as he is about computers. Is it well plotted? Yes. Is it traditionally plotted? not really. A young Orson Wells was criticized for showing the audience the ceiling in his movies (it was never done before), later he was called a genius. Stephenson shows us the ceiling, the plaster, the studs, and the copper plumbing, complete with scaly build-up.<br />There are two major criticism for this book; a very bad ending, and little actual character interaction. After 800 pages of completely engrossing story the ending appears to have been written by another author who did not even know what the rest of the book was about. Words like \\"lame\\" fail to describe it. Each character seems to act and react soley within their own head. Many interesting secondary characters are not brought fully to life because of this isolation.There is also no real male/female story.   The lead male and female instantly become an item half way through the book. Bang! they are together. Amusing that thisperfect woman, who is professed to be a virgin, settles for a 5 minute \\"quickie\\" in a dirtly Jeep for her first time. Historical figure cameos by, Yamamoto, MacArthur, Reagan, and Turing. I was surprised that there was no Patton, Romel, Monty or Nimitz.
B0000024VP|4.0|Contrary to what someone says above:<BR>&quot;Fly Jefferson Airplane, get you there on time&quot; was not what gave the Airplane their name, it was Donovan's tribute to them after being in San Francisco. Four stars only because that's what i thought of it at the time. Really good, but sometimes too precious. Worth knowing if you don't. Unquestioned classic.
B00005JM02|3.0|With much expectation I waited to see this movie. Monsters Inc was my first Pixar movie and my entire family loved it so we naturally wanted to see their next movie especially after the previews on the Monsters Inc DVD. My six year old, four year old and myself and my husband all sat down to watch this. My youngest was in tears within five minutes of the movie and my six year old said \\"mommy this isn't very good\\" I have to agree. Disney has a tendency to stick a lot of death into its movies E.G. Bambi, Snow White, Lion King and others. While it has a \\"g\\" rating it doesn't have a \\"y\\" rating which means that it wouldn't be suitable for younger audiences say under seven or so.<BR>This movie has a lot of grown up issues that it is dealing with including single parenting and learning to let go and move on. In spite of this I do think that older children will like it because Dory and the turtles are very funny. But as my children are testement I think it may be too much for kids under seven. From now on I will not trust Pixar on its name alone and will preview their films the same as I do Disney. Four year olds shouldn't have to watch a movie where the mommy and brothers and sisters all die in the first five minutes. The worst thing that happened to Pixar was to be combined the Walt Disney Productions
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Many die hard DT fans do not like the new direction DT is taking in their music.  I do not agree at all, this is the next logical step for DT as a band, they've done done the hairband metal, they've played the prog, and now they have a perfect combination of metal prog. It has everythign a prog fan can want, face melting solos on all instruments, tempo changes and irregular chord patterns. TOT also has everthing a metal head wants, loud, powerfull lyrics, extremly heavy guitar effects, up beat and of course massive guitar solos. Its the perfect step in Dt's evolution.<br />o and for everyone who thinkgs they've gone 'commercial' why would they write 10 minute songs that would need to be cut for radio? They like the new sound, other wise they wouldn't be playing it
B0000CFW87|5.0|Addictive is the word that best describes this incredible CD.  I loved his first CD so much, I was afraid the next one would truly disappoint.  Was I ever wrong.   The vocal range and maturity that Josh exhibits in this CD is tremendous, and he is only 22!.  \\"My Confession\\" is so lush and lyrical, I find myself humming it all day. It is rivaling \\"To Where You Are\\" as my favorite song.  I think I have already worn out the CD.  Just put it on repeat and let it play. It gets better each time. \\"Remember when it rained\\" is haunting, it brings tears to my eyes. Josh sings with such emotion that gets you involved.  When I feel totally stressed at work, I just put on this CD or his first one, and lose myself in the music.  Can't wait to see him in concert...........Thank you, Josh!
B00005JMFR|5.0|I was hesistant to write a review so quickly after seeing revolutions. I saw it again the same week and than read all the love/hate reviews going around everywhere. I read interesting theories and some really inane ones.  It appears so many people had this movie pictured inside their heads and when the wachowski's came up with the most simplistic of answers, they all go home crying and complaining. The machines could not just be destroyed. Life had been created by the humans. A species that has now cultivated the earth and taken it as there own. To erradicate them is irresponsible and the easy way out. The machines had zion and mankind literally by the balls. The only way out was for a half machine half man to sacrifice everything to bridge the gap between the two species. <br />I'm not here to change anyones minds, if you love or hate it than thats your perogative. But to call this movie mindless or plotless, is to really show how much went over your heads. The brilliance of this trilogy is to create what APPEARS to be a mainstream action epic but throw in much more creative thought and moral questions that have spawned a huge empire dedicated to it's mythology. The game, the animatrix, the comic, all these things feed into how thought provoking these ideas really have become. I'm not saying that if you didn't like it, you didn't \\"get it\\". But it's obvious some people prefer to have all things handed to them. <br />How delicious was that tease by the merovingian. Dangling the questions right in front of us. \\"How did neo enter mobil ave? How did his mind seperate from his body?\\" And as soon as you think he will spoon feed you some mumbo jumbo he doesn't and its almost funny, because like many mainstream art house pictures (Vanilla Sky etc) their are moments where everything is explained. As if at the last minute they got scared and decided to tell all, so no one is confused. This movie stuck to its guns and ended in peace because to kill man or machine is not the answer. We have to get there together. <br />The series ends with a short convo by the architect and the oracle. The two players who have been guiding each side for their own cause. They come to a compromise, but with a lingering threat that man may yet again make the same mistakes. I for one loved this trilogy. And others opinions are just that. So go ahead with the movie you pictured in your mind, the fact remains that they did not compromise their story for some ironic twist that would have been rediculous, or some unhappy ending that went against everything the story stood for. Our society is so cynicle that endings such as these are never respected because we want destruction and twist endings that feed that cynism. Neo was peace just as Jesus is peace. <br />Thats the answer folks, plain and simple, staring us in the face every hour of every day. So suspiciously simple yet incredibly elusive. We seek it yet deny it when confronted with it's possibility. Peace.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|When i listened to Blur's Think Tank, and i purchased Radiohead's Hail to the Thief, i thought this was as good as music could get.  But it wasn't until i played Absolution that i knew for sure this was my choice of the album of the year.  It combines everything an ablum needs: fascinating guitar, great lyrics, and Matthew's fantastic falsetto.  Lyrically, you can find everything: from hopeless love (Endlessly) to anger (Apocalypse Please) to confusion (Ruled by Secrecy).  Some can really break your heart:<BR>&quot;I only dream of you<BR>And you never knew&quot;  (Sing for Absolution).<BR>In Butterflies &amp; Hurricanes, there is a Romantic piano section in the style of Rachmaninov, opening new gates for modern alternative music.  <BR>i loved their music as soon as i heard them for the first time (Uno).  Now Absolution should win them universal recognition as one of the greatest alternative bands in the world.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|Six Degrees, at times, found Dream Theater in prog-excess, spinning their wheels as the current kings of progressive rock, particularly in the musicianship department.  The music was some of the most elaboratly arranged they've ever done, but lacked a lot of the feeling that so fueled classics like Awake and Scenes From a Memory.  With Train of Thought, they've done away with a lot of the progressive excess of of Six Degrees and instead focused on crushing yet soulful metal.  Oh, there are jam sessions aplenty on this album, runs and licks that defy the laws of physics, but they've focused more on creating mood and atmosphere than they have in the past, and this is what makes this album one of their strongest.  Because they've stripped down the arrangements and orchestrations, while at the same time focused on writing more aggressive lyrics, they've done an album that pounds with a vitality and sense of urgency they have rarely shown.  As I Am is a surging, passionate anthem of non conformity, &quot;This Dying Soul&quot; makes clever references to &quot;The Mirror&quot; and &quot;Glass Prison&quot;, &quot;Honor Thy Father&quot; is another crusher with a powerful chorus.  &quot;In the Name of God&quot; is one the greatest songs they've ever recorded.  The theme of religous hypocrisy fuels the passion of the band, making it one of the most urgent, moving, and powerful pieces of music in their brilliant catalog.  Petrucci plays with a fire and spontinaeity rarely heard before.  He really takes his playing to the next level (in spite of some of the passages that sound identical to Vai, Satriani, and Malmsteen).<BR>They're also more texture conscious than before and it pays off.  &quot;Vacant&quot; makes excellent use of the cello while some of the quirky-twisted interplay with the keyboard and guitar midway through &quot;Stream of Conciousness&quot; really make for an eerie, disquieting effect.  They use various vocal effects not heard before and even have a rap section(kinda) on &quot;Honor thy Father&quot;, which, most surprisingly, works.  Because it doesn't have the kind of dynamics and versatility of Scenes From a Memory, their masterpiece, it's not quite on that level, but is still an excellent album that shows continued growth and inspiration from one of the greatest bands on the planet, and is a must for any real Dream Theater, or progressive metal, fan.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This is one of the greatest CDs ever made. This CD is a bit harder and darker that Hybrid theory but does show some optimism. Chester once again shows us his amazing vocals shouting and singing. It's sad how people make fun of him just because he could actually sing and sing good. Mike and chester were meant to sing together and they sound incredible in every song. all of linkin park's songs are my favorite but some of the best off of Meteora include Don't stay, lying from you, hit the floor, from the inside and of course faint. linkin park expirements with diffrent beats and instruments giving us a unique sound for every song. there were some songs that were a little weird like breaking the habit which i like but is something different from linkin park and nobody's lisenting, very strange but it's a cool song. if your a linkin park fan you have to buy this album. I'm a huge linkin park fan but if i weren't i'd still give it a five. just wish there was something higher to give them...
B0000E1ALR|1.0|How can anyone expect to pay almost $20 for this?  I think that it's an insult to anyone who considers themselves a Springsteen fan, whether old or young, for the record company to reduce his finest work (his first 5 albums) to one lousy CD.  C'mon, 2 songs from the River?!!!  If this isn't a blatant attempt by Columbia to ride on the coattails of Bruce &amp; E Street's recent tour success, then I don't know what is.  Save your money.
B00008H2LB|5.0|This is one of the greatest CDs ever made. This CD is a bit harder and darker that Hybrid theory but does show some optimism. Chester once again shows us his amazing vocals shouting and singing. It's sad how people make fun of him just because he could actually sing and sing good. Mike and chester were meant to sing together and they sound incredible in every song. all of linkin park's songs are my favorite but some of the best off of Meteora include Don't stay, lying from you, hit the floor, from the inside and of course faint. linkin park expirements with diffrent beats and instruments giving us a unique sound for every song. there were some songs that were a little weird like breaking the habit which i like but is something different from linkin park and nobody's lisenting, very strange but it's a cool song. if your a linkin park fan you have to buy this album. I'm a huge linkin park fan but if i weren't i'd still give it a five. just wish there was something higher to give them...
B00003CXMG|5.0|...A great movie that manages to capture the joy, decadence, fun and earthy feel of the rock scene in the early 70's. While much is made of Kate Hudson and Billy Crudup (who are both solid actors in star-making performances)my favorite performances are by Jason Lee (he oozes real rock star appeal without being a jerk) and the always terrific Frances McDormand (is it me, or is she REALLY SEXY in this role?)both underrated actors who seem to flourish in these surroundings. While this is a semi-fictional account of an up and coming band starting to make waves and a loving homage to the music of Cameron Crowe's youth, many have questioned it's authenticity. You people are totally missing the point! This is a film made for music junkies like me who smile everytime we recognize a song (the movie is chock-full of those moments)and for those who were actually around during that magical era in music. Moments like Stillwater taking to the stage and ripping into \\"Fever Dog\\" or sitting around thier hotel strumming guitars and drinking with their women are classic! This film isn't meant to reflect everybody's reality, it's a fond remembrance of what that time was like for one young man who got the chance of a lifetime and lived it to the fullest. This is one of the best rock'n'roll movies ever made and gets better every time I watch it. \\"Almost Famous\\" is very enjoyable and hits all the right notes for a music/film geek like myself. Any lover of music should own a copy of this.
B000088E6D|5.0|I WAS a doubter. I'd heard snippets of the Michael Buble disk - songs like &quot;come fly with me&quot; on movie soundtracks and that little intro didn't make that big an impression.<BR>I went with friends on holidays to London, England, and guess who was playing there? None other than this 'kid'. Long story short, saw him at the Cafe de Paris (an awesome venue - great club atmosphere &amp; sound) and he won me - and everyone else in that audience over for life! He was 'smoking' hot!!  He is incredible live, not only a super vocalist, but a true showman - pure entertainer. Can't say enough about how impressive the show was.<br />I bought his disk right after the show of course (and I paid Euros for it too, because I couldn't wait to get one at home) and it hasn't left my player since. Trak 11 (the way you look tonight) and trak 4 (for once in my life) are magnificent. And trak 1 (Fever) gives me just that! This disk and artist are over the top good!!!!!!!!!! This is a disk to enjoy for ever.
0385504209|4.0|I must admit that this book gave me a scare. But I find that it only encreases my very strong faith inthe teachings of my Savior!<br />The book is well written and keeps the readers attention to the very end.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|Powerful movie making in this Wachowski Brothers sequel to their phenomenal hit &quot;The Matrix&quot;!  The special effects are a sight to behold...there were several scenes in which I nearly pee'd in my pants - it was that breath-taking.  This story takes you to where Neo left off as the Chosen One.  Now, he must continue his fight to free the human race.  Wonderfully acted by returnees of the maiden Matrix film.  Keanu Reeves, what can I say...Oscar winning performance in my book.  Lawrence Fishburne, again, another excellent performance as the mentor to young Neo.  And then there is Trinity, as a girl who also delves into the martial arts, I am in awe of Trinity.  She is my role model, my hero.  Portrayed like someone who has lived the part all her life, Carrie Anne Moss is a Goddess.  This movie is, in some respects, better than the original Matrix.  This film is more thought provoking and poses questions that drives you deep down into your soul to make you find answers in your own life.  Truly outstanding movie making!  I foresee, as history unfolds itself, that this movie will be mentioned in the same breath as &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; and &quot;It's a wonderful life&quot;.  A throwback to when movie making was about plot, character development, and storytelling.  This film makes you think about where your life is in your present day; griping you and not letting go until you are left sitting in your seat in a pool of sweat going &quot;wow!!&quot;
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|okay forget what everyone else has been saying about,&quot;oh the band is so melodic and this that and the other.what everyone wants to know is if the follow-up to Mer De Nom is as good as the original:simple answer...yes of course it not have been what some were expecting ,it might not be what some wanted to hear because they had in their minds what APC was to be.but,anyone who seen or heard the band Tool knows that Maynard plays to the beat of his own drums so,why do we expect his friends and fellow bandmates to be any different.so basically,if you what a well crafted cd then the Thirteenth Step is here for everyone's consumtion.and,for those who had/have an idea on what they expector expected to hear from APC,i'm so sorry you just out luck.
B0000CAQ27|4.0|I never bought Pink's 1st album because it seemed too fake and like a big publicity stunt. That album showcased her voice, but sucked as far as originality. When Missundastood came out, I was excited. That album had to be one of the best albums I've heard in a loooonnnnnnng time. Try This is a hot album too. It's different than her previous albums, but she still shines. The sign of a true and talented artist is versatility and Pink has it. She has yet to go wrong. Appreciate true artistry.
B00005JMFR|5.0|I have no idea what the critics are griping about. This is a _great_ movie.<br />And I do _not_ mean that you should refrain from looking for anything 'deep' and just enjoy the action and special effects. Oh, the special effects are fantastic, all right. But the 'deep' ideas _are_ there, and you can find them if you know what to look for.<br />I think the problem is that so many viewers misunderstood the main theme of the first _Matrix_ film, taking it to be a movie about the question 'What is real?' Then they were disappointed when the next two films had little new to say on that question.<br />But that's not the main theme of this trilogy, or even of the first film. The theme is: 'What is the nature of the relationship between humans and machines?' And the resolution of _that_ question in the third film has every bit as much mind-blowing power as anything in the original _Matrix_.<br />The question does get answered, and the answer does make sense. All the tension in the plot comes down to whether Neo is really the 'One' and what it means to be the 'One'. Well, what _is_ the One? I won't tell you, but I _will_ tell you to pay very close attention to the relationship between Neo and Smith.<br />In this final film of the _Matrix_ trilogy, humans and machines achieve the next level in their symbiotic evolution. The Wachowskis have done it right; the critics have it wrong. Don't miss this one.
B00005JMFR|3.0|Note: comments also posted on IMDB.com.<br />The whole NYC crowd laughed throughout the movie.  Every time the noise and action died down enough so that the dialogue had to fend for itself, it proved to be laughably lame and wooden, and everyone in the theater was reminded that there weren't a whole lot of actors on the Matrix payroll.  On that level, Matrix Revolutions was a failure.  I mean, Keanu Reeves is bad enough, but I kept expecting Ben Affleck to walk onto the set and start reeling off gritty, recycled, heroic, military-action-flick one-liners, all without ever losing that silly smirk that he always has on his face.<br />But I realize that the accomplishment of the Matrix film might lie elsewhere (I mean, besides the visual style, which remained stunning, even in this poor conclusion to the series).  I think what the W brothers have given us is a metaphor empty enough that everyone who sees the movie, from third graders to PhD's, can argue at length about \\"what it means.\\"  All those grad students, IMDBers, bloggers, comic book fiends, and technogeeks out there can state with utter conviction that the Matrix is really all about _______, and they can all be right!  That's the beauty of the trilogy.  It's an incredibly rich and complicated network of signifiers without any definable connection to any set of signifieds.  Another way of saying this is that the Matrix is so filled with ambiguous symbols that it can mean virtually anything, which means that, in the end, it means virtually nothing, in and of itself.<br />I've heard it myself.  I've listened to two reasonable, intelligent adults argue about specific moments in the film and what they mean in terms of the constructed, mediated nature of reality.  The fact of the matter is (at least I think it's a fact) that the movie can be used to support nearly any ontological position imaginable.  What the W brothers have created here is not a statement so much as a vocabulary.<br />I guess that could be either positive or negative, depending on one's point of view.  On the negative side, I keep thinking of the Yeats poem, \\"Second Coming,\\" which foresees the end times, when the \\"best lack all conviction.\\"  Maybe the Matrix trilogy is a true product of our age--an incredibly consuming (time, money, creative effort, careers, etc.) venture that looks great but says nothing.  On the positive side, maybe it's a good thing to give people a philosophical language that is both accessible and flexible, without the complications of history (as is the case with religious vocabularies) or intellectual elitism (as is the case with most academic, theoretical vocabularies).<br />I'm still trying to figure this out, but I guess the Oracle would tell me that I already know the answer; I just have to understand my choice (or something suitably cosmic and empty like that).<br />P.S.  I would be remiss not to include in a list of Matrix accomplishments the opening of the cast to all genders and ethnicities.  It is good to see strong, and sometimes even interesting, characters of many colors and sexes.  I like that about the movie.sitive or negative, depending on one's point of view.  On the negative side, I keep thinking of the Yeats poem, \\"Second Coming,\\" which foresees the end times, when the \\"best lack all conviction.\\"  Maybe the Matrix trilogy is a true product of our age--an incredibly consuming (time, money, creative effort, careers, etc.) venture that looks great but says nothing.  On the positive side, maybe it's a good thing to give people a philosophical language that is both accessible and flexible, without the complications of history (as is the case with religious vocabularies) or intellectual elitism (as is the case with most academic, theoretical vocabularies).<br />I'm still trying to figure this out, but I guess the Oracle would tell me that I already know the answer; I just have to understand my choice (or something suitably cosmic and empty like that).<br />P.S.  I would be remiss not to include in a list of Matrix accomplishments the opening of the cast to all genders and ethnicities.  It is good to see strong, and sometimes even interesting, characters of many colors and sexes.  I like that about the movie.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|Matrix Reloaded is a movie without a real purpose, as Neo's character arc was complete in the first movie. Fans like to compare the Matrix and Star Wars trilogies, but this is incorrect, as Star Wars took 3 movies to have Luke become a Jedi and defeat Vader, while the Matrix took only 1 for Neo to become The One and defeat Agent Smith. <br />For that reason, Reloaded and Revolutions have a lot more in common with Menace and Clones. <br />Sadly, Reloaded continues an already complete story with the expected results. The plot is virtually non-existent, the action scenes are meaningless and tacked-on, and the talking-head exposition is among the most boring and amateurish ever put to film. This DVD is for hardcore cultist fans only, and those who like quality movies will surely be disappointed.
B00000811N|4.0|I won't repeat what other reviewers have already said so eleqeuntly about this (a-hem) Ron Geesin album, but I will add that while this recording may be of limited appeal to those who do not dabble in experimental music, Floyd fans withstanding, it is a what I would call a musical box of tiny chocolates where some of them taste weird, but you are at least glad you tried it. My only disappointment with this album is that the tracks are just too short. There are dozens of moments where things sound brilliant, but with the exception of the three traditional length songs on here (Water numbers of course) every moment is fleeting. Maybe that is the point or maybe it is just because this was a soundtrack.
B00005JMFR|2.0|Matrix devotees have given it an enthusiastic thumbs-up. Critics have trashed it soundly. I'm in the middle, but leaning more towards disappointment than displeasure.<br />Straight out of an episode of General Hospital, Matrix III picks up with our hero in a coma with his sobbing girlfriend by his side. And, like the soaps, we all know our hero isn't really dead, just resting - - that is, in some interdimensional train station that's somewhere between the Real World and the Matrix World. Try explaining this one. Well unfortunately they do, for about ten minutes. None of this explanation has any relevance to the rest of the movie, but it sounds really deep and spiritual. Also, we're introduced to an irrelevant \\"cute kid\\" character, an apparent necessity in all science-fiction stories. At least it's not an Ewok.<br />The irrelevance continues! In the second installment we had the \\"Keymaker.\\" Now we have to find and do battle with the \\"Trainman\\" Who's next, Toilet Plunger Man?<br />Cue back to Morpheus and Trinity, paying a special visit to The Oracle - - wait, that's not her! The late Gloria Foster's character was replaced with Mary Alice. Most moviegoers were already aware of this, but we're still subjected to another rambling, nonsensical, and yes, irrelevant explanation regarding choice and regret. Couldn't you have just said it was the candy and cigarettes?<br />From here, Morpheus, Trinity and Seraph plan a daring rescue in (where else?) a leather-clad fetish bar so they can bargain for Neo's life with The Merovingian. You remember this guy, don't you? Frenchy, with hot wife who droned on and on about causality? Turns out the entire speech was irrelevant to the movie, but at least he can throw a cool party. Hey, wait a minute? Wasn't Mrs. Hot Wife mad at him for cheating on her? Didn't Frenchy say something along the lines of \\"that woman will be the death of me?\\" Could have been an interesting plot twist, but I guess it was all... do I need to say it?<br />Back at the train station, Keanu Reeves has his only memorable line. It's a four-letter word, but it's not \\"Whoa.\\" Trinity shows up and we endure the slo-mo reunion of Neo in his priestly garb and Trinity in her kinky latex. My brain shuts off.<br />I couldn't bring myself to write a review of the second film because of the loose ends. Any criticism I had of the movie could easily be rebuffed with a simple, \\"It'll be answered in the final installment.\\" Well, guess what? They weren't. None! So many interesting storylines were ignored, it'll spoil the movie if I list them in detail. What I can say is this movie is a high-tech ripoff of obscure books and movies that, for all its espousing, fails to answer even its own questions. Yes, the religious allegory is apparent, but it's not like a lot of thought went into it. Instead, it's more along the lines of the Wachowski's sitting around saying, \\"Okay, let's throw in a Zen quote here, steal Frank Herbert's `blind messiah' here, then we can recreate the battle scene in Superman II.\\"<br />Finally, a lot of mention was made of the animated DVD, The Animatrix and the videogame Enter the Matrix being tied into the Matrix story.  After viewing both, I can say that the additional footage is largely (you guessed it!) irrelevant.<br />The one shining compliment I can heap on this movie is Hugo Weaving's Agent Smith. For a guy forced to wear the same clothes and drone in a monotone, he plays it to the hilt and Agent Smith will go down as one of the greatest movie characters since Clint Eastwood's \\"Dirty Harry.\\" Aside from this, I left the theater feeling like I just watched my kid brother play the world's most expensive video-game for the last two hours, except videogames have a more satisfying conclusion.ack at the train station, Keanu Reeves has his only memorable line. It's a four-letter word, but it's not \\"Whoa.\\" Trinity shows up and we endure the slo-mo reunion of Neo in his priestly garb and Trinity in her kinky latex. My brain shuts off. <br />I couldn't bring myself to write a review of the second film because of the loose ends. Any criticism I had of the movie could easily be rebuffed with a simple, \\"It'll be answered in the final installment.\\" Well, guess what? They weren't. None! So many interesting storylines were ignored, it'll spoil the movie if I list them in detail. What I can say is this movie is a high-tech ripoff of obscure books and movies that, for all its espousing, fails to answer even its own questions. Yes, the religious allegory is apparent, but it's not like a lot of thought went into it. Instead, it's more along the lines of the Wachowski's sitting around saying, \\"Okay, let's throw in a Zen quote here, steal Frank Herbert's `blind messiah' here, then we can recreate the battle scene in Superman II.\\" <br />Finally, a lot of mention was made of the animated DVD, The Animatrix and the videogame Enter the Matrix being tied into the Matrix story.  After viewing both, I can say that the additional footage is largely (you guessed it!) irrelevant.<br />The one shining compliment I can heap on this movie is Hugo Weaving's Agent Smith. For a guy forced to wear the same clothes and drone in a monotone, he plays it to the hilt and Agent Smith will go down as one of the greatest movie characters since Clint Eastwood's \\"Dirty Harry.\\" Aside from this, I left the theater feeling like I just watched my kid brother play the world's most expensive video-game for the last two hours, except videogames have a more satisfying conclusion.
B0000CFW87|2.0|&quot;You raise me up&quot; is the only song on the album that caught my ear. The rest were flipped through after a few measures. Where are the stirring songs like &quot;gira con me&quot; etc? And &quot;Broken Vow&quot;  - egad  - a beautiful song that Josh turned into a mediocre ballad with little or no emotion. His phrasing is off and I can't stand hearing &quot;letchu&quot; instead of &quot;Let You&quot;...where was his voice coach on that one?  All in all, a snoozer...very disappointing for his second studio effort.
B000002LHX|5.0|There's something about these Batman movies. Some years before Batman Forever made U2 go beyond themselves and create `Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me, Kill Me', perhaps their strongest and most energetic song in over twenty recording years, Tim Burton's wonderful first movie in the series encouraged The Artist Currently Known As Prince to do his best and make his best album since the glorious Purple Rain - and that's mighty praise, and Prince never again in the last decade and a half returned to the quality and energy of the music on this album.<br />Please note that there are two different soundtracks for the movie Batman - if you're looking for the orchestral score, composed by the one and only Danny Elfman, it's not on this CD - though that other soundtrack is also very highly recommended, especially if you're a fan of Elfman's. This CD is hardly a soundtrack at all - most of the songs on it weren't even in the film. It should more accurately be titled `Songs from and inspired by the motion picture', but actually it can almost be seen as `Batman: The Musical', because all the songs are specifically attributed to various characters from the film, and though they are all portrayed by Prince (with the exception of Sheena Easton beautifully singing the part of Vicki Vale on the duet `The Arms Of Orion'), he captures the personality of each character perfectly in the songs. The Dark Knight clearly sings the dark `The Future', and as his alter ego Bruce Wayne he sings the romantic `The Arms of Orion' (an instrumental version of which was featured in the film) as well as `Vicki Waiting' and the classic Prince-ish tune `Scandalous'. The maniacal character of Jack Nicholson's Joker grants three nasty songs with the funky and fun `Partyman' (remembered from the wonderful scene in the museum), `Trust' and `Electric Chair' (which, I think, is supposed to be attributed to Jack Napier before he became the Joker). Prince even goes on to play sexy news photographer Vicki Vale in the raunchy `Lemon Crush', with surprising success. All of these songs fit marvelously into the film, but could just as well stand by their own right as a complete creation, as well as great individual funk-rock songs.<br />The grand finale is the hit single `Batdance', a funky rhythmic groove mixed from various bits from the movie. It seemed pretty nonsensical and idiotic - not to mention dated - to me the first time I heard it, but this is a piece of music that certainly grows on you, especially if you've watched the brilliant accompanying video. This is the only songs that invents a character not from the movie; that character is called Gemini, obviously Prince himself, who is sort of a cross between Batman and Joker, half-good, half-evil. His appearance on the album is brief, but significant, as it gets across an important idea of the film, which was also the main line of thinking in the Batman comics during the comics' renaissance of the 80s, which is that Batman and the Joker are really two sides of the same coin, or perhaps just causes of different circumstances. All of that Prince managed to get across with his trademark mix of soul, funk, new-wave and rock n' roll, proving once again beyond doubt that he was one of the most intelligent and sophisticated musicians working during his time. This CD is essential for fans of Prince, but also highly recommended to anyone who liked the film. You don't have to be a Prince fanatic to love this album - I'm not, and it's one of my all time favorites.
B00005JKES|5.0|I have to echo the other reviewers who lament the absence of the pilot in this box set.  And I agree that the extras are disappointing, and that it is unfortunate that they have not yet managed to bring out the second season.  I persist in giving the box five stars simply because this series signaled the possibility of a new age of American television.  Although there had been some spectacularly innovative and ambitious shows undertaken in Great Britain, such as THE PRISONER and THE SINGING DETECTIVE, American television had undertaken nothing so original and experimental.  TWIN PEAKS was as if an art theater had somehow gotten trapped inside one's TV.  Although David Lynch had managed to break into the Hollywood mainstream, his films had remained among the most eccentric to come out of any American studio.  He remained at heart an independent, America's lone box office surrealist.  I believe his surrealism is part of the key to the show's success, for the surreal has not penetrated American art and culture to the degree that it has European.  Placing it in small town American intensified the effect.<br />Before TWIN PEAKS, we had never before seen an American television show that had lavished this degree of detail to camera angles, art design, music, and special effects.  There was an unprecedented attempt to create not merely entertainment, but art, and the shocking thing was that a huge number of fans reacted profoundly to something other than the pabulum that normally was to be found on TV.  I wonder if other groundbreaking shows like BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER would have been possible without the example of TWIN PEAKS.<br />Unlike many, I never had too much interest in the plot of the series.  I never had any great curiosity about who killed Laura Palmer.  For me, what happened took a backseat to how it was all happening, the look, feel, and atmosphere of each scene, along with the almost ritualistic approach to the show's many themes.  I looked forward to new references to Tibet, or tables lined with hundreds of donuts, or the way you knew scenes would destined to build because you knew the musical themes so well.  And the quirkiness!  Dr. Jacoby's odd multi-colored glasses.  Laura's cousin Maddie who was also played by Sheryl Lee.  The off-the-chart weirdness of Ray Wise's manic singing.  And almost everything that Special Agent Cooper did, said, or dreamed.  In the end, it all seemed to make some perverse form of sense.<br />The cast was so good that at the time one imagined that every single individual associated with it was destined to become a superstar.  I'm still amazed that many haven't.  As it is, it is the best thing that most of the people in the show have ever done.<br />The second season didn't, unfortunately, match the manic brilliance of the first season, but I found that it nonetheless managed to hold my attention throughout.  I think the first season the best thing done on American television up until that time, and the second season one of the finest things.  If today there are a few shows that have managed to match TWIN PEAKS-like BUFFY and SIX FEET UNDER and DEAD LIKE ME-it is in large part thanks to its demonstrating that TV truly could be a medium for great art.references to Tibet, or tables lined with hundreds of donuts, or the way you knew scenes would destined to build because you knew the musical themes so well.  And the quirkiness!  Dr. Jacoby's odd multi-colored glasses.  Laura's cousin Maddie who was also played by Sheryl Lee.  The off-the-chart weirdness of Ray Wise's manic singing.  And almost everything that Special Agent Cooper did, said, or dreamed.  In the end, it all seemed to make some perverse form of sense. <br />The cast was so good that at the time one imagined that every single individual associated with it was destined to become a superstar.  I'm still amazed that many haven't.  As it is, it is the best thing that most of the people in the show have ever done.  <br />The second season didn't, unfortunately, match the manic brilliance of the first season, but I found that it nonetheless managed to hold my attention throughout.  I think the first season the best thing done on American television up until that time, and the second season one of the finest things.  If today there are a few shows that have managed to match TWIN PEAKS-like BUFFY and SIX FEET UNDER and DEAD LIKE ME-it is in large part thanks to its demonstrating that TV truly could be a medium for great art.
B0000636UN|4.0|Has it really been ten years since &quot;All I Wanna Do&quot;? I have loved growing up with Sheryl Crow's music. C'mon C'mon is another solid CD filled with rockin' good times (&quot;Steve McQueen&quot;) and more mellow songs (&quot;C'mon C'mon&quot; and &quot;It's So Easy&quot;). &quot;Diamond Road&quot; is a very positive song and &quot;Soak Up The Sun&quot; is just a lot, lot of fun! &quot;You're an Original&quot; is filled with funky beats and sounds like a carryover from the Globe Sessions CD - it's my favorite on the CD. &quot;Lucky Kid&quot; is another favorite, with its driving rhythym and I love the 'woo-woo' parts and great guitar work in &quot;Steve McQueen&quot;. Keep on truckin' Sheryl Crow!
B0000C6E4D|4.0|I'm a devoted Sarah fan. I love music and out of all the artist she reaches my soul and articulates emotions with beautiful visually stimulating lyrics and this album is no exception.  I gotta say that I was expecting/hoping even for Fumbling or Surfacing part II, maybe a bit more upbeat, a little more angry and  by that I mean she sounded a bit contained, like if for some reason she was holding back and not letting all her emotions through.  Then I remembered that she's human and she's probably in a mellow frame of mind, I guess those of us who have gone on this musical journey with her expect no less than greatness and why wouldn't we after Fumbling and Surfacing we all know the musical and lyrical capability of Sarah.  Then again it's like asking a painter for a masterpiece everytime they put brush to canvas.  Though short, I'd still say their are many jewels to find on this album. Just to name a few: Answer for instance reminds me of Angel, kinda like the second part and it even starts with the same note [I highly doubt that was a mistake/coincidence], it's like a conversation between the Angel and the person he/she is saving.  Fallen, reminds us to have faith and courage to overcome obstacles that we ourselves might have put in our way. Stupid, like only Sarah can do takes you back to adolescent years and even present day with her reflections on unrequited and hurtful love and coming to grips with it. Thus, all in all after a long hiatus, and many years anticipating her return the wait has been truly worth it.
B000002UAO|5.0|With &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; the Beatles did something that no other artist had ever done (only dreamed about) and that was make an album with all great songs and no fillers. They had achieved that with flying colors. My personal favorite Beatles album because of songs such as &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot;, &quot;You Won't See Me&quot;, &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;, &quot;Girl&quot; &quot;In My Life&quot; and of coarse &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot;. This also was a great album for George Harrison. It has two Harrison originals, &quot;Think For Yourself&quot; and &quot;You Won't See Me&quot; which stand among Georges finest achievements throughout his career. So in a nutshell, &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; by the Beatles is the greatest album of all time and probably forever. There will never be an album more influential as this one.
B00006GO99|5.0|We all know Monk was a genius when it came to composition.  What's most remarkable to me in this set is his genius as jazz pianist.  <br />For his brilliance as a pianist, check out \\"Bright Mississippi,\\" which, with \\"Epistrophe,\\" is one of his most challenging compositions.  What strikes me about his playing on this cut, besides the bizarro yet perfectly apt chord voicings, is the incredible way he mixes comping, soloing, and group interaction.  It's almost as if he's defined an entirely new approach to jazz piano.  Amazingly, Charlie Rouse, his long-time collaborator on sax, seems to have perfectly picked up on the vibe, spinning off a wonderful solo that somehow melds perfectly into the group ineractive vibe laid down in the first few bars.  It's almost as if this group has figured out a new way to play jazz--not the traditional statement of the head, solo improv by each instrument, then a return to the head--but rather solo/group interaction with no clear delination between who's soloing and who's comping.  And this glorious democracy of group improv continues throughout this entire remarkable disc, surely a landmark in the history of jazz music.<br />Undoubtedly, this vibe has been picked up by any number of the hottest trio jazz units, from Jason Moran to Jean-Michel Pilc to Frank Kimbrough.  Indeed, as great a composer as he was--and I in no way want to diminish his contribution here--Monk was perhaps as great an innovator in terms of his understanding of jazz small-group communication and interaction.  <br />This disc, his first for a major label, Columbia, is also a high point not only in his career, but in the history of jazz.  Joining a roster that included Leonard Bernstein, Barbra Streisand, and Bob Dylan, Monk, entirely on his own terms, without the slightest hint of compromise, took the label by storm.  Having perfected his idiosyncratic style through the late 40's and 50's, he was now fully equipped to unleash his full-blown jazz brilliance on a wideraudience.<br />Having honed both his piano chops and his unique group-improv approach, he was fully prepared to maximize his opportunity to make an indelible impression on the jazz world and indeed the larger audience for accessible though challenging and uniquely voiced instrumental music.  This he did in a remarkable sucession of releases, starting with Monk's Dream and continuing through a sucession of brilliantly realized sessions with Columbia.  <br />Thus, Monk's Dream is not only a great entre to Monk's music, but one of the all-time classic records in the history of jazz.   By all means, not to be missed.
6305079811|5.0|This is a totally goofball fun movie.  There is no high dramatic moment such as &quot;Luke I am your father&quot;.  It needs to be available on DVD and not for the arm and a leg that some of the people are charging for their OOP copies. Please release this on DVD again THX or a Super-Bit Digital transfer would be nice and some features on cast and crew,  Where are they now?  kind of stuff.
B00006JJ51|5.0|Notice I didn't say it was the greatest hip hop album of all time; I can name 15 off of the top of my head that blow this away. But more influential than this? I can't name one; can you? This one album is responsibile for launching more careers in any musicial genre, and that includes groups like the Beatles, Ramones and Rolling Stones. When Dr. Dre announces that &quot;you are about to witness the strength of street knowledge', you know you are about to hear something special. From the opening title track, it goes to arguably the most controversial song ever written, F*** Tha Police,written about police misconduct and brutality, and us in the urban community know full well what they are talking about. While some people may have written this off as an attempt to sell records and get attention, it was a precursor to the Rodney King beatings and L.A riots that followed a couple of years later. The album is raw, challenging and uncompromisingly full of F-words and harsh rebellion, so it was an instant favorite among suburban white males. Though you can get your fill of curses on songs like 8 Ball, Gangsta, Gangsta and Compton's In The House, it was recorded in the '80's, so the old school influence is still there with Express Yourself, If It Ain't Ruff , Quiet On Tha Set and Something To Dance To. My favorite songs are I Ain't The 1 and Dopeman, where Ice Cube gets to shine alone. Perhaps the most remarkable thing about this album is that it came out in 1988, the most pure year of hip hop ever; it came out alongside classics from Public Enemy, Run D.M.C, EPMD, BDP, Big Daddy Kane, Slick Rick and a slew of others. It is original, timeless, classic, or in the words of Dr. Dre, &quot;Damn that s*** was dope&quot;!
B0000C6E4D|5.0|This is her best work yet.  Being a fan of her older CD's this reminds one of where she started, yet with a wiser deeper sound and feel to it now. Rarely does one find a CD that you want to play the whole way through.  Every song has a rich, lush sound.  Of course her lyrics are as ever poetic and heartfelt. Listening to this CD is like discovering an old friend whom you reconnect with after some time to learn how much you both have grown.  She is an ever evolving artist, well worth your time!  This will be one CD you not only listen to the whole way through but replay time and time again.
B000002UAX|4.0|Let me first start off saying that this is not the best Beatles album. But it is much better than \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\\". \\"Sgt. Pepper's\\" is very childish. It is very good however but easily their worst from \\"Rubber Soul\\" (1965) to \\"Let It Be\\" (1970). \\"Sgt. Pepper's\\" is considered by many the greatest album in the history of rock 'n' roll (which I kinda disagree, i'd have to go with \\"Rubber Soul\\" for that one). And \\"Sgt. Pepper's\\" was incredibly popular as well. So how do you make an album that was just as great as \\"Sgt. Pepper's\\"? By doing the exact opposite (as they did on The White Album). Everything is the exact opposite from the title's to the cover to the songs to the production to the amount of effort and time put into the albums to the double album of the white album. And also instead of making longer songs that flow into each other like a medley (as does \\"Sgt. Pepper's\\") The White Album is filled with a lot (i mean a lot) of short but sweet songs. Every band member contributed songs to this one. This is the first album to feature a Ringo Starr original (\\"Don't Pass Me By\\"). There are many truly classic songs here, just to name a few: \\"Back In The USSR\\", \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" \\"Happiness Is A Warm Gun\\", \\"I'm So Tired\\", \\"Blackbird\\", \\"Sexy Sadie\\", \\"Helter Skelter\\",and the ever so popular \\"Revolution\\". However, be warned, there are just as many filler songs (which half of them are pretty good) as there are original songs.
B0000E1WNV|4.0|first: excuse me for my english.<BR>sorry, but...<BR>I think 5 stars are not right. this not because the concert wasn't the better of the tour ( for example Florence, Milano and Gotheborg were better in Europe ) and somes setlists of the last part of the tour were more interesting ( look at the last concert to understand ) BUT BECAUSE THE CUTTING OF THE IMAGES  could be really better. here we have a lot of ( TOO MUCH )images on bruce' face, and often cutted, or taken from distance, and many times the public images give noise.<BR>I miss the point of view of \\"live in N.Y. City\\", where you see the band on the stage, having more space. and the images are technically better. and above NOT SO COMPRESSED.
B00007BH3Y|5.0|I got this soundtrack yesterday and fell in love with it. Philip Glass has a way with composing that I have never heard before every song had its signature and special attitude that just made me sit there and close my eyes and let the music fill thoughts in my head that good music should do.THIS IS ONE TO HAVE IN YOUR COLLECTION!!!!!!!!!
B00008PW2D|3.0|Let me just say that I love the show. Every sunday my friends gather at my house and we make drinks and watch our favorite girls. I own season one through four. After season three it seemed the show started to go downhill, but kept watching. Season 5 was horrible no matter how much I love the show, it stunk! HBO has the audacity to charge full price when we will only recieve half of the normal amount of shows and the shows were garbage compared to their previous seasons. I'm a completist too, but season 4 is where I draw the line if the price doesn't come down. Also for the idiot's praising season 5, you must have either seen another season or work for HBO, because it was GARBAGE and if you are willing to pay full price for less content you deserve to. Let's get REAL people.
0767903862|5.0|This was a delightful book, one that I read within two days and left me just salivating for not only for more from Bill Bryson, truly one of the best travel writers and one of the finest humorists writing these days, but for more on Australia! Just as Bryson says at the end of his travels in Australia he wanted to push one to just one more destination, I too wanted him to do that, and will be sure to find more interesting books to read on that wonderful country (and continent). <BR> <BR>Bryson says it best when he writes that not only the many interesting bits of human and natural history but the entire country itself are often &quot;unaccountably overlooked.&quot; His travels throughout the tropics, deserts, and cities of Australia show that it is a &quot;preposterously outsized&quot; country completely filled with &quot;unappreciated wonders.&quot; Bryson clearly loves Australia (and says so numerous times) and goes to great pains to show us the real Australia, the Australia off the beaten path as it were, many times an Australia that many Australians themselves never see, doing so with respect, humor, and a sense of wonder. <br />What are some of these &quot;unappreciated wonders&quot; you may ask? Did you know that in 1967 prime minister Harold Holt was strolling along the beach in Victoria and vanished without a trace, his body never found? I've never read about that anywhere! Or that a large-scale disturbance was recorded by seismographs on May 28, 1993 in the Great Victoria Desert of Western Australia, one that may have been the results of an atomic explosion detonated by the Japanese cult Aum Shinrinkyo? The country is so vast and the deserts so remote and exceedingly hard to survive in that the it was four years before the explosion was ever investigated. News about Australia he notes so rarely reaches the outside world; it is almost as if it were on its own planet. <BR> <BR>Australia as you probably know is home to a great deal of interesting wildlife. Thought not really a natural history writer Bryson does cover some of these interesting animals, some in some detail, such as the box jellyfish (most deadly jellyfish in the world, so awful that victims have been known to scream even when rendered unconscious), the cassowary (flightless, man-sized bird of the rain forests armed with a razor-sharp claw on each foot), the blue-ringed octopus (&quot;whose caress is instant death&quot;), salt water crocodiles (which do occasionally he notes attack boats and even eat people), twelve-foot long earth worms, wombats, the platypus, the dromedary camel (gone feral in the Outback, only place in the world where it can be found in the wild), and the taipan (Australia's deadliest snake). Interesting organisms are not limited to the animal kingdom, as Bryson visits the stromatolites of Shark Bay in Western Australia (essentially living rocks colonized by cyanobacteria, an example of life that was dominant on Earth 3.5 billion years ago) and the karri (the sequoia of Australia, with can be up to 250 feet high and 50 feet around, found in the forests with the jarrah tree, nearly as large).<BR> <BR>Bryson though is at his best when he tours the cities, towns, and hole-in-the wall places of Australia, from Perth to Sydney to Melbourne to Alice Springs and beyond. In Australia's capital, Canberra, he finds a very unusual city, one with such a huge amount of space devoted to landscaping that it was essentially one &quot;extremely large park with city hidden in it,&quot; though he did note that it was quite an achievement to virtually hide a city of 330,000 among so many trees, meadows, and lakes. While there he tries to make sense of Australia's national politics, a subject he finds nearly hopelessly confusing (not aided by the fact that little news get out about Australia to aid one in tracking it), though does appreciate the more colorful language used by some in Parliament House (such as the phrases hopeless nong and mangy maggot). He visits both Sydney (home to its famous harbor, Harbour Bridge, and the Opera House) and Melbourne, two cities that forever are to be rivals within Australia, cities that have competed for hosting the Olympic games and are the butts of each other's jokes. He marvels at Alice Springs, a city that is literally nearly thousands of miles down desert highway in the barren interior yet is a major city complete with K-Marts and thriving on tourism from Ayers Rock.  He visits Perth, the most remote large city on Earth, built on the fabulous mineral wealth of Western Australia, a city somewhat closer to Singapore than it is to Sydney. Bryson revels at the glorious late 1950s feel of some areas of rural Australia (a feeling extending even to the music seemingly favored on the radio) and the punishing heat and bewildering solitude of the desert. <br />Bryson covers a lot of territory not only in terms of geography but also culture and history, discussing Australia's views of their country, its fascination with outlaw &quot;heroes&quot; from its past such as Ned Kelly, their views on government, the sport of cricket, Australian immigration and multiculturalism, the history of the exploration of its desert interior as well as its early settlement, and the story of the Aborigines, both their origins and the history of how they were treated (and are being treated) by White Australia. <br />A great book, I really recommend it.
B000003RCY|5.0|I can't exactly call Rammstein's debut album their best, as all their albums are incomparably different.  But I can call it GREAT!<BR>Songs:<BR>1)Wollt ihr das bett in flammen sehen? (Do you want to see the bed in flames): 10/10- great song, with a rousing chorus at the end and hard guitar rythms.<br />2)Der Meister (The Master): 9/10-Good song, but the vocals get a little wierd and it sounds a bit too happy.  Slightly out of Place.<br />3)Weisses Fleisch (White Flesh):10/10-A fast song, with cool-sounding lyrics and a nice beat.<br />4)Asche Zu Asche (Ashes to Ashes):10/10-Great song; goes well with the previous track.<br />5)Seeman (Seaman):9/10-A slow song, really mournful.<br />6)Du Riechst so gut (You smell so good):10/10-A cool song, with hard beats and guitars, and cool vocals.  Singer Till Lindeman's voice works especially well on this song.<br />7)Das Alte Leid (The Old Sorrow):10/10-A really hard song, but at a slower tempo.  At five minutes long, it provides five minutes of solid metal.  Lindemann's true talent comes out in this song, most noteably when the song stops as he yells out &quot;Ich Will Ficken!&quot; (I want to F---).<br />8)Heirate Mich (Marry Me):10/10-Awesome song, with slightly gothic-sounding vocals at times, and a cool guitar solo.<br />9)Herzeleid (Heartache):10/10-Another hard song, with only about twenty words spoken syllable by syllable.<br />10)Laichzeit (Spawning Time): 13/10 (I don't care if it's not possible--it's not possible for anyone else to make this awesome a song)-Starts out a little techno-ish, but quickly moves into a hard rock tune.  With a few guitar solos and another bellow by Lindeman, this is the best song on the disc.<br />11)Rammstein (Rammstein):10/10-the band's title track is one of its best.  It starts out kinda like a techno remix of the Jaws theme, and goes into a pounding, ominous guitar melody with the word &quot;Rammstein&quot; coming between phrases.  This song is the point in the live show when the singer sets himself on fire as he sings.<br />Overall score: 11/10<br />A Great album, in conclusion.  <br />Go the [...] for lyrics, news, and information about the band.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|The Strokes are the best thing to happen to rock music since Oasis.  Casablancas lyrics and vocals are amazing, and every song on the album is nice.  The CD is one of those few CDs that you can play and never hit forward.  Definitely a must have album.
B0000508U6|2.0|do you like simple, pop songs with some 1-4-5 chords? I do. I like them a lot. I like them with noisy guitar, or some punch, or sweetness, or a lot of things. but i just like them.<br />coldplay writes simple, pop songs. They aren't brilliant. they're nice. kinda catchy, kinda cute. they aren't deep or intricate or technically innovative. they're nice.<br />they are incredibly derivative. <br />simple pop songs have been around forever. They were done better in recent years by: BRMC, Sebadoh, Sleater-Kinney, Spacemen 3, Spiritualized, Ride, Oasis, Jesus and Mary Chain, the Lilys, The New Pornographers, Apples in Stereo, Pavement, The Wedding Present, The Vue, The Vaselines, Rocketship, and dozens more I can't remember right now.<br />This is the perfect album if you are driving across the country (or home for thanksgiving) and you have no CDs, so you buy this one at the gas station, listen to it on repeat for 400 miles, singing all the time, laa laa laa, and then throw it out the window just before you reach your destination--okay, maybe you even just stick it in the glove compartment. You'll have fun for 2 days, and then you won't remember you own it.
B00005JM0B|5.0|THE FILM:<br />While falling just slightly short of &quot;Terminator 2 - Judgement Day,&quot; in terms of originality, &quot;Terminator 3 - Rise of the Machines&quot; makes up for in great humor, wild plots-twists, superb acting, kick-#^% action sequences, and some of the most realistic visual effects ever committed to film! The one area where &quot;T3&quot; succeeds where ther first two failed is in it's moral: we human beings put too much faith in machines, and it will soon come back to haunt us one day! A great action epic! Movie Grade: A+<br />THE DVD:<br />The DVD of &quot;Terminator 3 - Rise of the Machines&quot; is an incredible experience! Full of insight into the making of the film, it also features an entertaining gag reel, as well as a deleted scene that will make all &quot;Terminator&quot; fans laugh until they're blue in the face! Most of all, the sound-and-picture quality is as crisp as DVD Videos may ever get! I highly recommend that you make &quot;T3&quot; a part of your collection before the machines rise! DVD Grade: A+
B0000E1ALR|4.0|THESE TYPES OF RECORDINGS ARE PUT TOGETHER FOR ONE REASON....BE THANKFUL FOR DISC 3...THANKS BRUCE!!!<br />P.S. ITS ALL ESSENTIAL.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby is definitely one of the greats of our time. &quot;Play&quot; is pure digital work of art. It's one of the greatest albums of all time! Go Moby!!
B00000AFHM|4.0|Has anyone actually looked up the word 'fey' in the dictionary? It means doomed, marked by a forboding of death or calamity, visionary. <br />Any of those phrases could be applied to the group from Glasgow. Despite their lovely textures and lilting melodies, Belle and Sebastian have a heavy cloud hovering over them. I don't see this as a bad thing. Think of it as the beauty of a storm about to break. <br />This album was the first thing I bought by B&amp;S and it still remains a touchstone, a standard by which all their other work must compare. After having listened to some of their influences (Love, Smiths, Bacharach et al) their sound has only richened. Visonary? Perhaps not...because who really is trying to sound like them these days?<br />Sure, OK-they're soft and quiet and sensitive. But man cannot live on Melvins alone (I am also a huge Melvins fan). This album, along with the rest of their catalog, carries me through the Winter months like my favorite blanket. There are few groups who can do that. <br />Go out and buy this now if you haven't already.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|First, I will say this.  I have had to listen to every Dream Theater album at least 10 times before liking the music.  Their music is so complex and every album offers something different.  DT truly defines the term &quot;progressive rock.&quot;  The definition of progressive is moving forward, ongoing, proceeding in steps or by stages.  If DT conformed to the sounds of their previous albums on every piece of work (like ACDC did for years), or followed the sounds of traditional metal bands (like the Maidens and Metallicas of the 80s and 90s), they would not be a &quot;progressive Rock&quot; band, now would they?<br />Dream Theater is clearly playing what they want to play, not what we want them to play.  Some of DT's albums rank on my list of top 10 (like IAW, Awake, and SFAM), while some are bottom feeders (like FII and SDOIT).  I've read that some people love the albums I dislike and hate the ones I love.  That's what's so great about the band.  Name another band that is liked by so many different people.  Take Rush and Maiden for instance (my #1 and #2 bands of all time).  You either love em or hate em.  I think DT breaks that traditional love/hate barrier with their &quot;progression&quot; from album to album.<br />As far as TOT goes, I think DT have made a fascinating swing from the artistic SFAM and explorative SDOIT (which, by the way, is far from heavy - I don't know what some of you reviewers are thinking when you refer to it as heay) to a thrashing, in your face TOT, that doesn't stop from minute 1 to 69.  It's by far the heaviest album yet from DT, coming after a relatively light SDOIT.  Do youself a favor.  Find a top-notch stereo system, put in TOT, and turn the volume up to 10.  This album simply rocks.  The sound quality far surpasses the likes of St. Anger.<br />It's not my favorite DT album, but it holds it's place as great one on my list.  One thing's for certain, DT fits the definition of &quot;progressive&quot; rock better than anyone, because they manage to progress their sound from album to album.  The only drawback is that you will be hard pressed to please everyone on every album.  I give them credit for playing what they want and still managing to be the best progressive rock band in the world.<br />My only disappointments on TOT are the following:  (1) MP is overplaying the drums (this coming from a dummer).  Take a lesson from early 90s Lars Ulrich and Neil Peart, louder, faster, and more taps is not necessarily better.  Don't worry so much about winning drumming awards, just play.  (2) What has happened to JL?  His voice used to be the signature of DT songs, now you can hardly hear him.  I know he can't possible hit the notes he hit in IAW over 10 years ago, but there's still ways he can contribute more and turn up the volume on the vocals a little.  (3) I love classics like Maiden's Rhyme of the Ancient Mariner and Rush's La Villa Strangiato, but songs don't have to be longer than 10:00 to be good.  Sometimes when listening to TOT, I forget which track I am on.  I play the drums and I cant' imagine how MP plays these 10+ minute songs exactly like the studio version in concert.  I guess that's why he's where he is and I am not.<br />In summary, a great album.  After listening to it, I will probably learn to better appreciate SDOIT when my ears need a little break.
B00009TB5G|5.0|This is the absolute best possible adaptation I would ever expect of the LOTR trilogy.  In fact, it far exceeds in quality any other book to film translation I have ever seen.<br />For those whining about Faramir, if he had been portrayed exactly as in the book his character would have seemed boring, and without the extra insight allowed from reading numerous pages of explanation, the audience would be left wondering why Aragorn is any more noble than Faramir.  Peter Jackson here introduces Faramir as the brother of Boromir, and at first he makes the same judgement as his brother.  Later, after Faramir sees the power of the ring when Frodo willingly offers it up to the Nazgul, Faramir realizes that it can 't help him win the war, and he lets Frodo continue on his quest.  Thus Faramir is just and wise second only to Aragorn, and the audience understands this, even the ones who haven't read the book.  You shouldn't have to read the book to understand the film (just look at how Dune turned out if you don't believe me on that point), and Peter Jackson has done an excellent job of characterizing Faramir as the more noble of the two brothers while clearly distinguishing between him and Aragorn.  I couldn't ask for a better means of doing so.<br />Middle Earth is exactly as I imagined it, and the characters are all thoughtfully portrayed.  This was a wonderful movie in the theaters, and, as I read on another review site, this extended edition is not only 40 minutes longer, but 40 minutes BETTER.
B0000CAQ27|5.0|I would have to say that this is P!NK's best cd so far. Its fun and upbeat. P!NK has a fresh sound yet again and it rocks.<BR>1. Trouble-Catchy but not my favorite yet still a fun song <BR>2. God is a DJ-This song grows on you the more you listen to it. This is her next single which I think will do well. The lyrics are really good and has a nice beat.<BR>3. Last to know-This is one of favorites on the cd. Its overall a great song. It has a super catchy bridge.<BR>4. Tonights the night-A fun upbeat song that is pretty good.<BR>5. Oh my god-This is another one of my favorites. It took me a while to get into it the first time i heard it but by the end of the song i thought it was great. Peaches makes the song even better and her voice sounds great with P!NK's.<BR>6. Catch me while im sleeping-This is a sweet love song that nothing more needs to be said.<BR>7. Wating for love-Another one of P!NK's story songs that the lyrics are true and you can kinda relate to.<BR>8. Save my life-Yet another story song that has a moving story and its somewhat sad.<BR>9. Try to hard-I would have to say this is my least favorite song on the whole cd. The flow is ok but not like her other songs on the cd. Its also kinda hard to get into.<BR>10. Humble Neighborhoods-This is my favorite song on the whole cd from the start of the song it pulls you in and it has an 80's rock sound. Two words it rocks!<BR>11. Walk away-Great flow and really a good song.<BR>12. Unwind-This song is ok in the beginning but trust me it starts to get better after about the first 40 seconds. It doesnt have the best flow on the cd but still its overall a good song.<BR>13. Love Song-This song shows P!NK's great voice even though it leaves you hanging in the end but still its a good song.<BR>Hidden Track. Hooker-A funny song that just is overall really fun and lighthearted.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|Jet has come into a world of confused rock and power chords to give us true, sweet, rock and roll.
B0000CFW87|4.0|Josh Groban's fantastic, rich voice won me over when I first listened to his first CD, self-titled Josh Groban.  Now, two years later, his voice still holds the emotion to bring tears to my eyes.  Yet, I still do not feel that Josh is singing with his full ability, possibly held back by producer David Foster.  The songs are very similar to his first album, with the transitions from English to Italian, along with Spanish and French.  My favorite track, &quot;Par Te,&quot; is co-written by Groban himself, and truly shows the talent that he posesses.  Hopefully, we will hear more of this type in the future and less Euro-pop.
0679735909|5.0|Roland Michell is a student of the life and criticism of the poet, Randolph Henry Ash.  He has a girl friend Val who is also a literary scholar but less successful and performs temp work to keep them afloat.  He was a good student but does not feel successful since he is not employed full time and scrapes by on a series of part time postitions.  He commits a theft of a draft of a letter he finds in a volume of Vico owned by Ash.  He reviews Crabb Robinsons's diary to try to determine what happened at a party because the draft of the letter contains a reference to a party.      Blackadder, the dean of Ash studies, is ensconced in the basement of the British Museum.  He had been a student of F.R. Leavis.  In 1959 Blackadder decided to do a complete edition of Ash's poems and plays.  He thought it was a finite task.      The Crabb Robinson diary yields the name of Miss LaMotte.  Roland consults a colleague about Christabel LaMotte and learns that Maud Bailey, head of a women's resource center at Lincoln University, knows all about Christabel LaMotte. It turns out that Roland and Maud are each studying the living parts of what has been left over from their educations.      A.S. Byatt's work is marvellous and funny.  She portrays a Victorian poet and man of letters, a polymath.  Ash, the poet, possessed a deep and fervent interest in natural history and the scientific advances of the times.  Byatt uses the device of parallelism. The Victorian couple of the poets parallels the couple of Maud and Roland, the modern researchers.
B000063Y8F|5.0|I saw this in the catalog - and decided to get one. It was a bit pricey, but I figured it might be worth the money (a bit of a gamble).<br />This is THE BEST garlic press I have used yet. Granted, that only covers 14 other presses, but this one is the best. period. First of all - it is nice, heavy stainless steel. There are no parts to lose - this thing is engineered better than my little german VW diesel golf.<br />The handle folds all the way back, exposing the grate for easy cleanup. The press mechanism itself is mechanically assisted - that is to say - it is a small lever - it multiplies the force to crush the clove, so you don't have to squeeze as hard. The pins on the hinge are nice, HEAVY pins. This thing isn't coming apart like those cheap aluminum ones.<br />Handles are solid stainless steel - this thing is great.<br />If you are even thinking about getting a different one - think again. Then get this one instead.<br />You won't be dissapointed.<br />The ONLY thing that could be improved on this press would be if I could buy them at a cheaper price....
0312319517|5.0|While AVENGER is not of the superb quality of DAY OF THE JACKAL and perhaps a few of Frederick Forsyth's others novels, it is still an outstanding work of fiction that should be enjoyed immensely by readers who have the patience to follow the author's narrative methodology. But for reasons detailed later in this review, this book is not for everyone. There are several elements to the story, and the author integrates them gradually in a somewhat unusual fashion, so much of the first few sections of the book are descriptions of events which have occurred in the past and which form the basis for the two complicated and interwoven aspects of the plot.<br />Attorney Calvin Dexter is a (superbly conditioned) triathelete who lives an apparently ordinary life in suburban N.J., a local boy raised by a working class father (who had been deserted by Cal's mother) and who returned from an Army tour of duty in Vietnam to earn a college degree and seemingly move on with his life. However, his experience as one of the members of the elite but unknown team of &quot;tunnel rats&quot; has combined with his own personal tragedy to form the basis of his alter ego - THE AVENGER of horrific crimes who can be hired to find and return the perpetrators of such crimes to face justice in a court of law. In a world of moral relativism and frequent lack of accountabilty, he still believes in the concepts of right and wrong, and of the possibility  of justice and the necessity for punishment. In a parallel thread that forms the basis of Cal's next quest, an idealistic young volunteer,Ricky Colenso, disappears while working for an humanitarian aid organization in Serbia during the upheaval caused by the disintegration of Yugoslavia. Unfortunately for Zoran Zilic, the gangster responsible for Ricky's brutal murder while operating under the protection of Milosevic, Ricky's mother is the daughter of Steve Edmond, a Canadian billionaire and injured RAF ace during WWII. Edmond's vast resources and political connections enable him discover the existence (but not the identity) of THE AVENGER, and Edmond manages to contact Cal and interest him in attempting to uncover the truth concerning Rick's disappearance. As Cal verifies the facts of Ricky's murder and the perpetrator, he agrees (anonymously) to accept Edmond's request to capture Zilec and bring him to the United States to stand trial.<br />Two factors complicate Cal's efforts. First, he has to locate Zilic, who became very rich as a dealer in contraband and drugs during the war and subsequentlty disappeared. Second, unknown to Cal, the CIA head of counterterrorism, Paul Devereaux, has recruited Zilic to aid in the CIA's efforts to locate and eliminate an Islamic terrorist named Usama Bin Laden (the story takes place in 2001 pre- September 11.) Thus, as Devereaux learns of the existence of THE AVENGER and his quest (but not his identity), the CIA utilizes all means at its disposal to locate and neutralize Cal in order to protect Zilic as one of its most valuable assets in the wor on terror. (It has in fact helped Zilic relocate to his seemingly impregnable compound in the fictional South American Republic of San Martin.)<br />This is a very methodically organized and well constructed story, but the various threads are only slowly woven together. We are first introduced to Cal, but only gradually learn his history in chapters interspersed with our introduction to Ricky, to Steve Edmond; the the formative events in each of their lives are gradually revealed. Only after the necessary background for the thread that binds their lives together has been provided does the author introduce  Devereaux's history and his personal philosophy regarding his justification that in order &quot;to achieve the greater good&quot; he may have to engage in immoral acts and even allow evil to go unpunished.<br />There are long sections regarding Vietnam and military actions during that war, WWII, the CIA, and other background elements which are crucial to the story but at times read almost like an educational text. There is also incredible detail about Cal's formulation and implementation of his plan, which readers of Forsyth will recognize as one of his trademarks and which serves to prolong the story while making it more believable and increasing the tension. (JACKAL is a wonderful example of this.) However, the conclusion is worth the wait. The outcome is a tribute to Forsyth's narrative skill, although given the complexity of the moral questions raised some readers may disagree with my elation at the ending. Finally,the two page epilog was stunning in its ability to capture the best of the autho's efforts.  <br />So, I highly recommend this book if you want  to read a complicated thriller with a lot of detail. The story emerges gradually as the individual elements are pieced together, just as in the construction of an elaborate jigsw puzzle. And in fact, this analogy applies as well to Cal's attempt to fullfill his mission. But I do have two caveats. First, this book is heavy on history and philosophy and is meant to educate as well as entertain, if you want fast moving action and a linear plot, look elsewhere for your entertainment. Second, there are a few instances of really gruesome events decribed in great detail, especially Ricky's murder and Cal's experiences in Vietnam and his family tragedy. The are close to nauseating, and would normally keep me from reading a book with such sequences or at least cause me to reduce my rating. But because they are elemets crucial to the story and because I hold the author in such high regard, I decided to continue reading and did not reduce my rating. But, be prepared if you are somewhat squeamish; however, their description is as minimalist as possible while still achieving the desired impact and relevance. There is also, of course, the standard violence in such a novel, but that should be anticipated by a reader of this genre.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|Been waiting for this for years!!! After buying more VHS versions than I can count, that were either played out, lost, stolen, or otherwise disappeared, I finally have the DVD!!!  And the special directors cuts let me figure out how Gilmour played those esoteric Echoes lyrics.  A MUST HAVE for any serious Floyd fan!
B00008OLYN|4.0|Damnation by Opeth is a great cd. I think the best three songs are &quot;To rid the Disease&quot;, &quot;Hope Leaves&quot; and &quot;Windowpane&quot;. The cd is great, but Opeth shouldn't do anymore non-yelling/growl cd's.
B00004BZ16|5.0|That's what it comes down to. If you are the type of listener that only like one or two of the catchier songs that a band does, then this is not the record for you.<br />If you are the type of listener that will pick up just about anything out of the mainstream, likes oddball artists and many genres then get this record.<br />Viva La Clash!
B0000C9ZLD|1.0|If you desire just plain noise - this is the album for you.  <BR>Didn't see anything noteworthy in it - only when it concluded, the silence was wonderful.
0385474547|4.0|Chinua Achebe's Things Fall Apart examines an entirely different culture and lifestyle from that which we are accusomted to read about, giving us a break from the plethora of novels which do not escape the fifty states.  Achebe investigates the Ibo culture along with us, and tries to overcome our American ignorance.<br />Things Fall Apart takes place in a very interesting Nigerian tribe, Umoufia, which clearly holds both good and bad qualities.  The way in which women are treated in the tribe is very interesting, along with a religion which has manipulated the people of the tribe and hurt them, but they still stay loyal to it.  However, united by this common religion and fraternity, the villiages of Umoufia are very tight-knit, and everyone watches out for each other.<br />Achebe demonstrates the manipulation and injustice of the tribe's religion when Okonkwo, a strong self-made man who held many titles in the villiage is exiled for a tragic event, losing everything because the religion which he had contributed to immensely ordered this exile.<br />During Okonkwo's seven years in exile, Christian missionaries slowly begin tearing apart the tribe when they challenge the native's religion.  Okonkwo watches in frustration as Umoufia is hesitant to fight back.<br />Watch as the tribe's religion, the glue holding the people together, is slowly destroyed resulting in a tragic ending.<br />Although Things Fall Apart must be approached with an open and unprejudiced mind to be appreciated, which proves extremely challenging to us conceited Americans, it is an amazing novel that introduces us to what seems to be a strange and unusual culture, and how everything, from tribes in Umoufia to the great world powers of today will eventually fall apart.
B00005RZV4|4.0|As history has shown us, electronic rock pioneers Nine Inch Nails have followed up all of their full length albums with a series of tantalizingly  brief singles and remix EPs, serving only to whet the appetites of fans waiting for a new album. NIN's new live disc 'And All That Could Have Been' is a 16 track compilation of performances from their recent Fragility 2.0 tour.<BR>The record ushers in a close to the period fans refer to as the Fragile era, serving as a career spanning retrospective  of live versions of Trent Reznor's most well known songs, as well as more recent offerings from 1999's 'The Fragile'. Among the songs included are classics Terrible Lie and Head Like A Hole, plus industrial masterpieces March of the Pigs and Wish. And All That Could have Been is a near perfect collection of NIN essentials for the new fan, and an excellent road mix for long time listeners who grew up with Trent's anguished cries for help and wailing electric guitars. Fans lucky enough to get their hands on the limited edition double disc set are treated to a plethora of unrealeased bonus tracks including two (in my opinion) of the greatest Nails songs ever recorded: Leaving Hope, and the record's title track. A fine album indeed, but this doesn't let you off the hook, Trent! We want a proper follow up to The Fragile.
B000005HFH|2.0|after hearing a couple of these songs on another disc and reading the reviews here, i eagerly looked forward to listening to this cd. how disappointed i was! except for a handful of tunes, these songs are horrible! am i the only person who thinks chet baker can't sing? every phrase makes me cringe. the only thing that qualifies this as 'singing' is the sweet little vibrato he tacks on at the end of phrases. it almost saves him every time. just awful. two good things: 1, finally, here's a disc where i can sing along with and not feel like i'm overmatched; 2, i 'only' paid $8 so i don't feel like i was totally jipped.<br />if you're considering this cd, you MUST listen to the samplers here, AND go down to your local cd store and ask them to let you listen to the other cuts. THEN AND ONLY THEN should you shell out the $$$.
B00006V9A0|2.0|This CD is like Nirvana for Dummies. Any true Nirvana fan couldn't stomach it. It's basically all the tracks MTV pounded into the masses. The easy ones to sing along to. The tracks that I'm sure any true Nirvana fan at this points skips over when he or she plays the original albums. Look, Nirvana rocked and every track Kurt spewed out was exceptional, including the included. I just think that this CD fales to capture the essence of the band. Nirvana had a lot of more range than this CD demonstrates. They took alot of risks. Ingenious risks. Nonetheless, I will admit that this cd is a pretty good introductory course. Let's just hope there's a PART II. <BR> (Kudos on the sound quality, though. Clear &amp; Crisp)
1587990717|5.0|The idea here is not so much that we are fooled by randomness but that we do not know how to handle unobservables. Of these unobservables the rare events is the major problem: we do not know its probability and do not even know where to start. Humility and saying &quot;I don't know&quot; is a course of action very few have to ability to do.<BR>200 comments is a lot ---and few get the point.
B000066NW0|1.0|Avril makes the music industry a big huge joke! Her lyrics are kiddish, some of them don't even make any sense! If you wanna buy an Avril-like album go and buy Sum41. Because Sum41 has the same type of music but in a good form. Avril sounds like a dying cow! You could have hearing phobia for months (which I know hearing phobia isn't a word.) So anyway to wrap up this message: DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM BECAUSE YOU'LL WASTE EIGHTEEN DOLLARS ON CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00006879E|5.0|The soul of Stevie Wonder. The originality of Jamiroquai. The combined vocals of Stevie Wonder and Terence Trent d'Arby. The energy of Michael Jackson....when he still had talent.
B00005QDW1|3.0|I have to say I'm very shocked. No Doubt has went from good to a little bit non-good. Their album is okay but if you're looking for something more like 'Tragic Kingdom' and 'Return of Saturn' this isn't the album to buy. They totally changed their genre from rock/alternative/ska to hip-hop mixed with alternative/ska.
B0000028RR|5.0|RATM came out so heavy and angry on this their debut and realistically could never match that freshness factor again, especially as their pockets subsequently became filled with capitalist wealth. From Bombtrack to Bullet In The Head this album does exactly what it promises and rages against the unjust, disparate system we find ourselves in. Hopefully Zach will hit us with a solo album soon, especially as the remaining members have gone apolitical with the straightforward (Yet undoubtedly excellent) rock of Audioslave.
B00005OM4N|2.0|This CD is no different than if you went and bought the first album of Christina Aguilera. Sure, Britney might've put some hip-hop into her songs and I respect that. But the songs like Overprotected and I'm not a girl ; Not Yet a Woman are just dumb songs! Listening to these songs are like reading a teeny-boppers diary! I'm sorry but if Britney should ever get any better I suggest that she'd stick to her hip-hop songs because pop just isn't doing her right.
B00009NH5W|4.0|After the lengthy gap that had passed since 1995's Vibrator TTD finally returned with a new album, new record label and new name. Initially released as a free download (with different tracklisting), Wildcard collects together his best work from the long quiet period. Personal favourites from the sprawling, lengthy album include My Dark Places, Sayin' About You, O Divina and What Shall I Do. If you haven't heard this LP yet then check it out but for the hardcore fans such as myself it feels as if this material has been around forever. Hopefully quality new songs will be forthcoming from Terence soon.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|This greatest hits collection from the King of Pop revisits the #1 hits that have earned him this title. From classics pop-cornerstones such as \\"Billie Jean\\" and \\"The Way You Make Me Feel\\" to more recent hits like \\"Blood on the Dance Floor\\" and 2001's up-tempo r&b track \\"You Rock My World\\", there is a taste of all the different styles of Michael Jackson's artistry in this one must-have collection of the best from Michael Jackson. Whether you're a long time fan, a casual listener, or even if you have never heard Michael's music before, this collection of hits is sure to get you moonwalking.
B00006RU5B|5.0|I can't help but think if people approached this LP on it's own merits rather than a Soundgarden/Rage Against The Machine comparison piece that they'd enjoy it much more. Yes I too loved Rage and the angry militancy of Zach but you know what, when I need that music it's there already on four albums and hopefully he'll put his solo work out soon. Soundgarden were great also of course and Chris Cornell's solo album Euphoria Morning I recommend to all.<br />Anyway on to the present, I was hooked pretty late when Like A Stone video started in rotation and must admit I had been sleeping. That song with it's transient, anthemic qualities still remains a firm favourite, but with the raw power of the band and Chris Cornell's excellent vocals and unique lyrics how can you go wrong? There are fourteen lengthy songs but none stand out as weak, go have a fresh listen without prejudiced expectation and appreciate the excellence of Audioslave.
B00008BRB5|5.0|This one will be short. This is one of the best albums of the entire rock era. A true &amp; total masterpiece. Start at the beginning &amp; just wait for my all time fave Synchronicity II to come on...and you think the first half is good ?<br />Side 2 was one of the most choice album sides ever (along with Side 1 of REO's &quot;Hi Infidelity&quot;). It still is today, 20 years later.<br />Get this one today; I promise you will not be disappointed.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh Groban has a phenomenal voice!  &quot;You Raise Me Up&quot; never fails to give me chills and bring tears to my eyes.  I am not necessarily a huge fan of listening to lyrics in languages that I do not understand, so I hope that Josh will do a more &quot;mainstream&quot; CD for his next release.  (No, that would NOT be &quot;selling out;&quot; rather, it would be opening up an entirely new market that will embrace Josh's vast talent!)
B00000IAU3|5.0|I always believed that Dido sounded like a cross between Sarah McLachlin &amp; the Cranberries (both excellent as well),so when Thank You was released I had no idea that it was by this wonderful new musician.<br />I never picked this up until I recently heard Don't Think of Me in a downtown Chicago store. The reviewer whom called this song weak is crazy ... this is the most wonderful song on the album.<br />Every song here is excellent ... Hunter &amp; I'm No Angel follow.<BR>Pick this up for an 52 minute long period of brilliance.
B0000CAQ27|2.0|I give this album 2 stars only because of one good song out of 14: Trouble<BR>I should have known this album would suck when I heard her sing a raspy rendition of &quot;Just like a Pill&quot; on Good Morning America. I wanted to throw up after hearing Try This and I'll be throwing this cd in the garbage. Hint: Stick to what made you popular with that mediocre voice/good beats and quit the Joan Jett/Joplin impersonation.
B0000CFW87|5.0|We, being those who know Josh Groban, have been waiting for this album for over a year now and it was definitely worth the wait!  This album trumps his first, which is definitely no small feat!  From &quot;When You Say You Love Me&quot; to &quot;Remember When It Rained&quot; you are taken on an emotional roller coaster which is brought together by the inspirational &quot;You Raise Me Up.&quot;  A blend of languages gives everyone something to listen to and even when it's in a foreign tongue (&quot;Mi Mancherai&quot; or &quot;Si Volvieras A Mi&quot;), you get the point and know what he is singing about due to the excellent production on this album.  His voice has also matured and he shows off his range on almost every song.  If you buy any album this year - buy this one.  It's destined to be a classic.
0385504209|5.0|I found this novel to be very interesting, I highly recommend it.
B00008EY9G|4.0|A bunch of people trapped in a small motel ,A huge storm is roaring outside and no body can get out ,All the communications has been cut off ,And one of them is wounded in an weird car accident before she reaches the motel ,They are completely strangers to each other ,And soon things starts to take a dark curve with people turning up dead one by one ,They discovers that the killings is taking a sequential queue ,Till this point things are pretty normal for your ordinary thriller which you can find any where including many of the straight to video titles ,But after that the movie tends towards the unknown....hideous truth .<br />I haven't known before that IDENTITY may have taken reference from a story by Agatha Christie called (Ten Little Indians) until I have read that in one of the British movie magazines , But that doesn't mean that this IDENTITY is limited to the usual boundaries of ordinary thrillers ,It just took the primal concept from the books where the same events of completely unrelated characters are gathered in one place and after that the serial killings begins ,And after that the story took flight in a whole new lands of imagination ,And in my opinion this is the first strength point of IDENTITY .<br />The movie succeeded in creating a terrifying atmosphere with using of rain and darkness to give the viewers the feel of trapness of the characters gathered there ,The plot seemed to fly from a point to another without stopping ,Things are revealed and relations are formed but thankfully in unstereotypical method ,The Screenplay written by Michael Cooney gave every character almost an equal share of the screen time depends on the situation and the events paths ,And didn't represent any insignificant character so you have your concerns about all of them ,And Director James Mangold was very good in controlling such brilliant actors like Ray Liotta and John Cusack who both delivered a top notch performance especially from cusack who was very indulged in his role to the maximum degree .<br />IDENTITY doesn't give you a chance to nod off ,It totally grips you from the first moments ,And the most important Excellency feature is that the ability to create twists without giving the viewer any feeling that the represented twist was put there intentional just to satisfy the viewers hungry for a plot's twist in every thriller they see ,Actually The main twist in the third third of the movie into higher land ,And was a good model for what should the twists made ,It completely blows your expectations away ,And it really gave this movie a very creepy feeling .<br />IDENTITY is a very respectful thriller ,Created with brilliance and talent ,Only some insignificant sequences during the last twenty moments prohibits it from getting the five stars rating ,But that MUSTN'T stop you from watching ,You will remain dizzy minded after watching it for no less than long time .role to the maximum degree .<br />IDENTITY doesn't give you a chance to nod off ,It totally grips you from the first moments ,And the most important Excellency feature is that the ability to create twists without giving the viewer any feeling that the represented twist was put there intentional just to satisfy the viewers hungry for a plot's twist in every thriller they see ,Actually The main twist in the third third of the movie into higher land ,And was a good model for what should the twists made ,It completely blows your expectations away ,And it really gave this movie a very creepy feeling .<br />IDENTITY is a very respectful thriller ,Created with brilliance and talent ,Only some insignificant sequences during the last twenty moments prohibits it from getting the five stars rating ,But that MUSTN'T stop you from watching ,You will remain dizzy minded after watching it for no less than long time .
B0000C6E4D|4.0|Some say that this is a 'fan' Cd. But I have to say if it is -- what a gorgeous 'fan' CD.  I don't much like &quot;Fallen&quot; but the entire effort reminds me of the twists and turns of Solace. The last two tracks I had to play several times on the first listen . Particularily the last track proves her again to be a master songwriter. I will take a long shot and say &quot;Trainwreck&quot; will be the next single.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|Julien Casablancas and The Strokes truly are geniuses. they have do it again, after their debut with &quot;Is This It&quot;, there sophomore Cd &quot;Room On Fire&quot; is far better. Althought very similar to their previous CD, this one is more energetic with tracks such as my favorite track : &quot;Reptilia&quot;. <BR>If you're looking for something fresh, new and that just rocks, this is the Cd for you!
B00009MEJU|1.0|This seems to have been more influenced by the Russian cinematic adaptation of Stanislaw Lem's novel than  by the novel itself. There is little of the novel here that isn't also in the Russian film and a lot here that is in the Russian film and not in the novel. Both films are fairly tedious (the novel is gripping), but the Russian film compensates for its tedium with intellectually engaging dialogue and provocative, if enigmatic, visual effects. In contradistinction, the dialogue in the Soderburgh film veers from merely banal to truly moronic. Its visual effects are studiously unimaginative. Some of the Russian film's score sounds as if it might have written by Dmitri Kabelevsky; some of it sounds as if it might have been written by Gyorgy Ligeti. In contradistinction, the Soderburgh film's score sounds as if it were written by an anonymous new-age hack; it is distinctly unoriginal and old hat. It doesn't seem to occur to either film, however, that, although Stanislaw's essay on the limitations of human intelligence has its serious ramifications, there is a great deal of  humor in the novel. To a significant extent, the novel is a send-up.
0679731725|5.0|You'll either love this one, or you'll hate it. It won the Booker Prize in 1981, so critics mostly loved it.<BR>Set in post-World War II, it deals with the life of the perfect English butler who has sacrificed himself, his identity, and his life to the ideal of `service' to his English master.<BR>Both sad and funny, The Remains of the Day is also a love story that does not end well.<BR>How, one might ask, can a Japanese author write so convincingly of British society, but Ishiguro, while born in Japan, lived in Great Britain from the age of six. He skillfully (some say cruelly) skewers the attitudes of the old British empire.<BR>See the movie (with Emma Thompson and Anthony Hopkins), too; it's good.
B0000CFW87|1.0|A big disappointment!. This album is mostly Italian love songs (I guess that's what they are)and don't mean anything to this  listener. He has a beautiful voice but it's wasted on this album. There are dozens of beautiful songs that would be even more beautiful if he preformed them instead of these rather abscure tunes. I'm talking about songs that were on his first album like &quot;Vincent&quot;, &quot;Jesu, joy of mans desiring&quot;, &quot;The Prayer&quot;. I wasted my money on this album!!
B00005JMFR|3.0|The first Matrix movie, surely the movie that defines this era of stylized action filmmaking, was brilliant.  The various storytelling elements of that first movie, on further inspection, were a bit cliched.  The thing is, it had enough originality and, more importantly, blind passion and exuberance to make us forget that, at its basic level, this is the same story that's been told countless times (guess we all just have a fascination with the \\"One\\" concept, no matter if the hero's name is Neo, Frodo, Buffy, or the story told in a little book called the Bible).  Watching Reloaded made me think that The Wachowski Brothers really had no material for a follow-up to the first movie, and Revolutions confirms that doubt.  Revolutions is really just an above-average sci-fi flick with the Matrix name attached to it.  It amazes me that many people use the special effects factor to defend the movie.  \\"The effects were great!\\"  Well, duh.  Great action scenes and beautiful special effects should be expected from this movie.  People like annoying executive producer Joel Silver always talk about how the effects in the Matrix movies can never be duplicated and yada yada yada.  Look, at a certain point, technical prowess is something we stop caring about.  So what if everyone copied bullet-time?  Bullet-time wasn't the reason we all loved the first movie, especially when, arguably, the best scene in the film was two actors in front of a white screen with a TV and couch.  I, for one, would've been fine if the effects of the first Matrix were used in the two sequels in exchange for, oh let's say, a better story.  Like I said, Revolutions is an above-average sci-fi flick.  But above-average isn't good enough.  Our expectations were all probably a little bit high, but so what?  They should be.  Saying that our expectations were too high is, in effect, saying that we should all throw the first movie out the window.  \\"You're allowed to like the first movie, but don't base anything off of it.\\"  We might as well forget the names of the characters.  To me, Revolutions is also the movie that gives us our final opinion on Reloaded.  Reloaded was dense, a bit long, and a little confusing, but was actually a pretty good movie, especially if you give it a second or third viewing.  Had this final installment resolved the questions posed in Reloaded, it would have made that movie better as well. But because Revolutions so effortlessly pretends that the events of Reloaded didn't even happen, save an annoying French character with a goofy name in a movie that's full of goofy names, that second installment is devalued to \\"a big hunk of action with one great scene involving the Architect and an unneeded 20-minute Rap video called Zion.\\"  The film plays like a successful rock band counting the platinum awards for its new album before they start writing any songs, and the once semi-cool-if-ultimately-unimportant dialogue now borders on self-parody.  There is a bit of dialogue in this movie where the audience actually started chuckling.  Morpheus' speech in Reloaded was off-key, but it was at least serviceable.  The Wachowskis might as well have deferred the scripting to hardcore fans and the directing duties to Ang Lee or, heck, even Peter Jackson.  In the end, I am disappointed because there were just so many incredible possibilities for these two sequels.  Even a few of the predictions made by my friends after walking out of the second movie, none of them particularly hardcore sci-fi fans, were more interesting.  These movies could have truly been spectacular in all facets, not just \\"hey there's a hundred Smiths on screen\\" or \\"I guess Keanu can kinda act...sorta.\\"  The Wachowskis attempted to focus these two movies more on the emotions of individuals and not the enormity of the first film.  That's perfectly fine, if it had been done well.  They make us care about these characters without giving us a reason to.  Even a seemingly lock-for-emotional-impact scene in Revolutions was handled awkwardly with too much ironic detachment and not nearly enough, well, emotion.  And here I thought that George Lucas was the only director with the ability to mess up a love story that seemed impossible of ruin.  The once ultra-cool Morpheus is not only the puppy dog of Neo, but apparently the Fresh Prince's wife as well.  And Trinity, once a strong character, is now the Princess always being captured by King Koopa.  I thought Super Mario was a plumber, not a cop who stopped a speeding bus from exploding.  The fact that Neo is Superman-Jesus takes these two integral characters completely out of the action.  At least the admittedly well-crafted set pieces of Reloaded made me say \\"whoa\\" once or twice.  Revolutions just makes me wanna circle my calendar for the day The Return Of The King is released.
B00004RD54|5.0|Steve Hunter and Dick Wagner practically own this disc. Their jamming on this recording is nothing short of incredible. Lou Reed has written some of rock's classic songs even though he never was the greatest singer. Reed even jokes that he created rap music saying that he had been rapping for years and was not able to sing. All that aside, this is one fine live recording and the band backing Lou Reed is definately one of the best in the business. Just sit and listen to this disc and let the guitar work wash over you. Feel it and let it flow through you. If you are into this type of jamming you will be in heaven.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I'm one of Josh's biggest fans.  This guy has extreme talent and this new CD is outstanding.  With each CD his voice gets stronger and stronger. His music will totally consume you in full richness and depth. It was very funny today because i had received this CD from Amazon and i had also received an Email from Radio City Music Hall stating that Josh will be performing on April 1st &amp; 2nd of 2004.  Tickets go on sale Saturday 11/15th thru Radio City.  You'll know where i'll be both days.Hope you enjoy this CD as much as I.
B00000K31V|3.0|I like David Cronenberg movies. But this one was quite disappointing. I didn't look at the year the movie was created and thought that it's some earlier Cronenberg' work so undeveloped the movie was. It turned out the movie was made in 1999. Although the spirit and environment of the movie is typical Cronenberg, the plot is hardly original, chaotic and not convincing (and it doesn't mean that I don't like complicatedly structured movies). The only bright spot is the acting (as always) of Jennifer Jason Leigh and Jude Law.
B00005QXDD|5.0|I love this album. I've owned it ever since it came out, and I still enjoy it.  I have but two quips: <BR>1. They added a bunch of totally unnescessary instruments to the album.  They're better when they're just a duo, though the addition of drums wasn't a bad thing.<BR>2. They left out many their best songs.  No \\"Sasquatch,\\" no \\"Jesus Ranch,\\" no \\"History of Tenacious D,\\" no \\"Cosmic Shame,\\" no \\"Rocket Sauce,\\" no \\"My Biznitch Is The Shiznit,\\" no \\"I'm The Only Gay Eskimo,\\" no \\"Kyle Took A Bullet For Me,\\" and no original version of \\"Tribute.\\"  They left off incredible tracks, and decided to put two decidedly mediocre tracks (Dio and The Road) in the spot where two or three of the good ones could've fit.<BR>There's not a single bad track on this album, aside the two previously mentioned tracks.  The great thing about Tenacious D is, even after the comic relief wears off, you still have great tunes.  I hope we get a new D record soon, and I hope the deep cuts from the s/t are on it.
B00005JM0B|5.0|Not a bad film at all and a pleasant suprise. It really took the task of leading John Connor down the road to Judgement Day in a fast, thrilling way and a suprise ending to boot. It was exciting to see how Skynet came alive and all the bits and pieces of the previous Terminator Canon fall into place.  This film set the perfect stage for a T4 movie that wont need Arnold but will need to focus on Skynet, Connor and Humanity. I hope Mostow comes thru.
1565123875|5.0|Written by 2003 O. Henry Prize winner Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie (who grew up in Nigeria), Purple Hibiscus is the gripping and literate novel of a privileged Nigerian family. A fifteen-year-old girl and her brother enjoy the trappings of wealth yet suffer under the strictness of their fanatically religious and controlling father. When a military coup threatens to destroy the country, turmoil, sacrifice, and danger promote desperation in this engrossing tale of coming of age. Purple Hibiscus is an enthusiastically recommended addition for all community library fiction collections.
B0000CFW87|5.0|There are not words to describe the pure emotion, beauty, and power in Josh's voice, so I will not try to. And yet it seems vocal magnificence is not enough to satisfy him because the music is also the essence of brilliancy. Produced by David Foster from day one, Josh seems to have been also blessed in finding a record company that will allow him to have his own sound. His own efforts on writing are to say the least staggering. &quot;Remember When it Rained&quot; especially has an atmosphere that reminds me very much like what surrounds him in person. And Josh does have a genre all his own, though it had been said that he has yet to find his true niche. Even though it is impossible for me to imagine, he had exceeded his first album in every way imaginable here. <br />As for each of the songs themselves, I can't describe them to anyone. You must hear for yourself to believe such beauty could exist for our souls to hear. <br />I end in saying that I hope you give Josh a chance to brighten your life!
B00005JMFR|1.0|I actually haven't written a review for Amazon in quite some time, and usually when I do it's because a product was so good or so bad that I feel somewhat compelled to do so.  Such is the case with the recent installment of the \\"Matrix\\".<br />First off, I have to say that the Matrix's \\"philosophy\\" is not really philosophy.  The Matrix just put an interesting spin on Descartes' (among others) philosophy.  I throw this in here because I can't stand people telling me that these movies have such a deep philosophical message, when it's actually just using philosophy as a means for entertainment (not that I'm against this use of philosophy, in fact I rather enjoy it).  Second, I wasn't disappointed with \\"Reloaded\\", I thought it was fun action flick that made some great promises for \\"Revolutions\\".  But, with that said...<br />...Revolutions did not deliver.  Most the questions brought up in \\"Reloaded\\" were not only unresolved, many of them were never brought up.  You want to know how Neo stopped those sentinels at the end of the last movie?  Well you won't know, because it's not talked about, except in passing by the Oracle.  Moreover, none of the people in the \\"real world\\" seem phased by the fact that Neo is able to stop these ultra-super killing machines by sticking up his hand and giving the angry face.  Why not put Neo in the middle of Zion and let him do the angry face while all the ultra-super killing machines come in?  Perhaps the humans are worried that Neo will go back into a coma, I don't really know.  Which proves my point, you just don't really know about anything.  We're just supposed to believe this is what happens, which I think is kind of odd for a movie that supposed to make you think.  And the final battle between Neo and Agent Smith was anti-climatic!  What's up with that!  But I will say that the Zion battle was pretty cool, even if it did drag on a bit.<br />So in closing, this movie really did make me sad.  It really lacked the heart the first two movies had; in fact I got the general feeling that the Wackowski bothers just didn't care about this movie at all.  It's sad to see such potential go down the drain.
B00006LLNU|5.0|It seems that Sigur Rs has found out what music can be if you love it enough. Their love of music and the different manners in which it can be made has made ( ) an album of sheer artistic beauty. It's strange how the band can record this album in a swimming pool, play their guitars with bows and make up a launguage to sing and yet still be so understated. This album is hard to discribe, it's like classical music made with rock instruments and it turns out to be a painting of a wintery lanscape that is utterly capitivating and deeply moving. With Agaetis Sigur Rs proved that they were amazing at sing construction and brilliant musicians, with ( ) they take siplicity and prove that it can be more powerful than anything else. I probably haven't helped much but take it from me this is definately an album you want to own. It will take you places you didn't think still existed
B0000AXE8I|1.0|What do you do with a terrific first movie? You piss everyone off by making an insulting seqeul, that's what. The second Matrix movie is as confusing as it is pointless. In the begining, thousands of machines are tunneling through the earth to reach the last human city, the city of Zion, so Morpheous and his crew go back into the Matrix to consult the Auricle, to find out exactly what Neo's role will be in all of this. She tells them to find the &quot;Key Master&quot; who will take them to &quot;The Arhitect&quot; who will then shed some light on Neo's role. My ass, all it does is confuse the hell out of everything, making me feel as though the Wachowski brothers are the only ones that know what's going on, and there's so much fluffy, confusing dialouge that even Neo looks like he'd rather STAY unplugged. I won't reveal the rest of the plot, but what I will say is that the fight scenes are pointless, just thrown in because they were &quot;Expected&quot; by the fans, and the ground breaking special affects, which so flavorized the first film, only annoy in the second, because they can not make up for the weakness in story telling, the way so many Hollywood producers and directors seem to think they can.
B00006LLNU|5.0|It seems that Sigur Rs has found out what music can be if you love it enough. Their love of music and the different manners in which it can be made has made ( ) an album of sheer artistic beauty. It's strange how the band can record this album in a swimming pool, play their guitars with bows and make up a launguage to sing and yet still be so understated. This album is hard to discribe, it's like classical music made with rock instruments and it turns out to be a painting of a wintery lanscape that is utterly capitivating and deeply moving. With Agaetis Sigur Rs proved that they were amazing at song construction and brilliant musicians, with ( ) they take siplicity and prove that it can be more powerful than anything else. I probably haven't helped much but take it from me this is definately an album you want to own. It will take you places you didn't think still existed
0385504209|5.0|Obviously this is one of the most controversial novels in recent history, made even more so depending on one's religious faith and perspective.  This great work is immense and important because of the author's interpretations of theology and history.<br />The codes deal with Da Vinci, his art, history, and theories related to him and the Christian church. I found suspense, conspiracy, imagination, a fast moving plot, great writing, and endless food for thought. He has integrated the mythical gray areas of religion and history into a brilliant thriller. Religious zealots need not read this work as it will either cause them some doubt about their religion or much consternation as they read and become filled with rage.<br />I just finished reading `Crossfire' by Jim Marrs, the highest selling bestseller about the Kennedy assassination and `Alien Rapture' by Edgar Fouche and Brad Steiger, the best selling government conspiracy novel dealing with the UFO cover-up, written by an authenticated credentialed Special Operations `Insider.' So if you like controversy, conspiracy, cover-ups, thrills and great plots, read all three.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|A true horror classic.  Everything from the sounds, to the setting, to the camera angles is perfectly done.  If youre a gore or zombie fan...this is a must-have.  The film starts out with a group of friends going out to a cabin for leisure and ends up with a fight to live amongst themselves.  This movie also has comical aspects, in the low-budget filming and the extreme gore it contains.  Overall, a great movie and worth the money.
B0000CAQ27|4.0|The continuing evolution of P!NK is great to hear.  Her first CD sounded like everyone else's; her second marked her as an individual apart from her contemporaries, with a terrific voice and impressive range of styles in one CD.<br />With this third CD, P!NK rocks.  Those hoping for pop or r&amp;b will be disappointed: P!NK has now defined a coherent rock image which suits her well.  Nearly every track is worth hearing again and again.  There are so many good songs that I have yet to figure out which I like best.<br />The only f___ing disappointing song is the f___ing 'extra' which is an empty f___ing shard of shouting featuring the f___ing f-word.  P!NK, P!NK, P!NK, what were you thinking?  You are worth so much more.  This song is beneath you.  Overuse of the f-word conveys nothing more than empty adolescent anger.  It does not belong on this CD.  Without the hooker, this review would have been a *5*.
630469797X|4.0|If youre a fan of George Romero's work (Night of the Living Dead), then you will be pleased with this.  While it doesn't match the classic &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot; in greatnes, it still captures Romero's mastery of creating paranoia and despair.  The image and sound quality is decent for a 70's movie, but not great.  A good buy for a horror fan, but you should see Night of the Living Dead first.
B00005JMFO|5.0|I just got home from watching this brilliant movie. I took my 12 year old daughter and even though there were several nude scenes, I was never embarassed to have her setting next to me. This movie was not your typical hollywood boy meets girl flick. This film showed you several sides of LOVE. The love between a parent and child, love between siblings, old love, new love, love from afar, and love without words, for love is truly the international language. I laughed , I cried, but most of all I LOVED while I watched, and as the movie ended I saw I was not alone. People were smiling, holding hands, and in an all around better mood for having been there. I would highly recomend ACTUALLY falling in LOVE with it too!!
B0000DYJM6|3.0|Where are I Got ID, The Long Road and Crazy Mary??? Those 3 are among their best ever songs!!! They must be waiting to add them to the inevitable Vol 2 or box set
B00007E8V4|5.0|ok first of all, anyone who hates this band can go f**k themselves because they are idiots. and second of all, this is probably my favorite album from SOAD. the first song, (chick n stew) is probably one of my favorite songs of all time because it doesnt make sense. he sings about pizza pie. but anyways, buy this album, or in this case, steal it.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|Rock and Roll is back with this group!  After hearing this CD and playing it multiple times all the way through (when was the last time you did that), I immediately drew comparisons to the Black Crowes, and The Cult.  Further listening to the CD and I picked up on some Mersey Beat type rhythm's.  You will not be disappointed by this group... yet.  I anxiously await their second attempt.  Hopefully they don't prove to be a flash in the pan.
B0000DJZ7W|5.0|This album is what ONE HEART should have been.  What's better is that it's in FRENCH!  Celine is a great singer...but she does sooo much better when she sings in her native tongue.  It seems easier for her to sing.  I am so glad that there are no ads for Chrysler on the inside of the CD jewel case.  Actually, all of these songs are really good....nice and acustic sounding.  This is a good album to play in the car while driving on a crisp fall afternoon.  I highly recommend this one....you won't be disappointed!
0393307050|5.0|I remember reading this book years ago and thinking that it would make a great movie, but thinking that the best O'Brian fans could hope for would be an A&amp;E miniseries. The impending release of the big-budget blockbuster that bears the name of this book will undoubtedly be a success, although, from what I've heard, it little resembles the book. Message: if you like the movie and think the book will be more of the same, you will probably be mildly surprised.<br />This book, the first in a large series, is a series of adventures during the Napoleonic wars. What distinguishes these books from, say, Horatio Hornblower, is that these books show both the successes and failures of their characters, as well as propagating themes other than duty and honor (although those themes aren't ignored). The friendship between Aubrey and Maturin, I have long maintained, is one of the most convincing in all of literature. In the first installment, though, my favorite character was that of Lieutenant James Dillon, a conflicted Irish first officer to Aubrey. Although he eats it a little after halfway through the novel, his moral conundrums make him perhaps the most sympathetic and admirable character of all, and his death summons up surprising emotional power. The book features a real you-are-there quality, dripping with authenticity. I admit, it takes a while to get used to, but I wouldn't have it any other way. The writing here is sublime, and all of the elements work impeccably.<br />In short, this book is perhaps the best adventure set during one of the most turbulent times in history. Adventure with a message. I guess it just isn't done this well anymore.
B0000CAQ27|1.0|CAN'T TAKE ME HOME was really good....M!SSUNDAZSTOOD was fair....but TRY THIS is absolutely horrible!  I am an avid music collector/listener, and I tend to buy all of an artist's albums once I discover them...but this time I just can't do it.  I decided to listen to the sound snippets before I bought this one, and I am glad I did!  This is terrible.  Pink was really good in the beginning....a nice deep voice which went well with the r&amp;b style of music she was promoting.  GET THE PARTY STARTED was a really good club anthem...but where do you put TROUBLE?  In the trash!  I feel very alienated by Pink's 360 degree change in image.  Granted, I like rock music....but I do have a problem with an artist who does a complete turnaround.  Obviously, I am not the only one....just look at the rank of the album on the Amazon list...and look at all of those CDs still sitting in the stores.  Pink has made a grave mistake with this CD.  She had better get it right soon....or her star just might be fading.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|This is the kind of album that you can really get into the first few times you listen to it, something not typical of most Dream Theater albums.  I don't understand what all the geeks are griping is about.  The songwriting on this album is fantastic.  This is totally different from the previous 2 concept albums, Scenes and Six Degrees and people that are big fans of &quot;When Dream and Day Unite&quot; will be hearing a totally different band. They are certainly not going back to the Majesty days. It's very heavy and catchy at times. I am very satisfied by this album and I like it better than Six Degrees. Dream Theater is one of the few bands that I've been happy about how they've evolved. Awake is still my fav DT album by far.  A good effort by the band defined by what it is not.  I look foward to seeing Dream Theater again on tour next year.
0375432302|3.0|In spite of the sophisticated subject, and the author's apparent exhaustive research of it, I found Mr. Brown's writing style extremely tedious, naive and boring, after the first 100 pages.  There were definitely some interesting, thought-provoking passages, but all in all, he was far too heavy on the travel-guide writing style...Did we really need to know exactly where the restrooms were in the Louvre, and be twice-told that the American Embassy was &quot;just a mile away&quot;, or &quot;now just under a mile away&quot;, etc. Also, did we care that there was an inverted pyramid inside the building, as well as the pyramid-entrance outside the Louvre, and that they were designed by I.M. Pei? That sounds petty, I know, but I found his detailed descriptive  asides a bore, after the first several hundred. His constant use of italics was another example of what I call his naive, &quot;high-school writing class&quot; method of handling conversations between the main characters. It was as though he thought we, the readers, might need to be helped to &quot;get&quot; what he was saying. Also, his having the characters too frequently respond to a statement with a question which repeated the statement was not terribly sophisticated, for a writer of his reputation.  An example (not from the book, but similar in structure) would be:  He:  &quot;It's raining now.&quot;  She: &quot;Do you mean it's raining (italicized) now?&quot; Well, you get the idea. I have never seen so many italicized words and phrases in a book as were in this one...perhaps the author thought the italicized word or phrase added &quot;mystery&quot;?
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|I am usually quite dissapointed with movie soundtracks, but this one has left me extremely satisfied.  The music is very soulful and captures the most memorable moments from the movie even after you've left the theater.  Packed with talent and fun songs you can't help singing along to.  I definately recommend this one for the holidays or anytime you find yourself needing a little pick-me-up.  Enjoy :)
B0000E1ALR|3.0|I live in Tokyo, where you can go to a certain neighborhood which contains about 20 shops which sell nothing but bootleg CDs off the shelf.  I paid about $70 for a 4-CD set called &quot;Genuine Tracks,&quot; which contains 63 great rare Springsteen tracks that go beyond the official &quot;Tracks&quot; release -- plus a fantasic full-color 20-page booklet/essay.  Yes, $70 is a lot -- but it's a lot LESS than the $25 I paid in Tokyo for &quot;Essential&quot; which only offered me 4 tracks that I didn't have.<br />The big record companies naturally don't want people buying bootlegs CDs (even though the same fans will STILL buy all the official releases) -- so why can't they release official CDs that give the fans what they want?  They certainly have better access to their own vaults than the bootleggers do.  Or do they?
B000002MY3|5.0|Alanis Morissette is one of the best poets &amp; artists of this decade, from the opening &quot;All I really want&quot; and the angst driven &quot;You oughta know&quot; you can feel the power of her amazing vocal abilities and the sincerity by which she comes across. This album is a masterpiece. &quot;Hand in my pocket&quot; is a powerful song that blasts through the speakers with classic and artistic written all over it. It's a song in which Alanis wieghs the pros and cons of her personality I suppose but manages to describe just about everyone who is alive. There are many strong points here but the one I feel most strongly about and is Mary Jane, <BR>this song has feeling, from the opening guitar strings, the highs and lows, I truly feel Alanis gave her best vocal performance on this song ... so many reasons to purchase this album, Jagged little Pill is one of the greatest rock albums EVER, go pick it up
0375758992|4.0|A fascinating book concerning a part of African history and its effects on one family.  There are some terrible things that happen within this family, but somehow you want to keep reading, maybe to find out what happens in the end.  What a remarkable young woman to write such a powerful book.  It's tough to put this book down once you've started reading.
B00006BTCA|5.0|THIS ISN'T JOY DIVISION!  You can't believe people who mention Joy Division in their reviews when they give it anything less than 5 stars, unless you like Joy Division.  Why does everyone expect Interpol to be like Joy Division...?  I like Interpol, but I don't like Joy division, some people, most actually, like Joy Division instead of Interpol.  And that's fine!  But it is completely unfair to base your review solely on a comparison of Interpol and Joy Division.
6302886228|5.0|This concert is a great piece of music history. This was a once in a lifetime show with musicians from all genres of music. They perform these songs adding their own feel to them and it works beautifully. Not since The Last Waltz have so many great talents come together to create a masterpiece.<BR>I have been waiting and waiting for it to come out on DVD. I don't get it. You can get a concert by Sawyer Brown on DVD but not this. I have e-mailed Sony/ Columbia and they say they have no plans for DVD release. I say everyone needs to e-mail them and tell them to get their heads out of their asses.
B00006BTCA|5.0|As far as I'm concerned, Interpol is genius.  They have a great sound and if you like them, this is the cd to buy.<br />how about instead of reading page upon page of why totbl isn't worth the 16.99 you can pay for it, just buy it (or preview it) and listen for yourslef.  <br />And i'm glad that someone actually knows what interpol is named after, if you count searching on google for &quot;Interpol&quot; (good way to ignore them by the way) and also finding a link to the International Criminal Police Organization as knowledge.  But lets not assume that the members of Interpol are jerks just because the price of their cd rose a few dollars. Its common knowledge that after people become famous, especially on one of their first albums, the price of the cd goes up. Anyways, its the record company's fault.  <br />So, instead of banging on one of my favorite bands, why don't you channel your anger into finding compliments for a band you DO like... or better yet, into getting a job to pay for an awesome cd, like totbl
6302732778|5.0|The movie bares hardly any resemblance to the book on which it's supposed to be based upon, which is not too bad, because  I didn't like the book (\\"Do androids dream of electric sheep?\\").<BR>Also, I saw the director's cut when it came on the screen and I like the studio's cut better. Once you see \\"Blade Runner\\" and naturally admire the director's achievement, it's tempting to take his side on this issue and on any other he likes, but this is what I felt after having seen both versions. The unicorn scene is a lovely piece of visual poetry, but it adds nothing to the film. It just seems out of place and de trop.<BR>Harrison Ford's narration did add a great deal, though, and it's a waste to see the movie without it. I don't care if Harrison tried to botch it up: the jaded, tough Phillip Marlowe rendition works. In Humphrey Bogart's detective movies (my all time absolute favorite actor) you can see how the two characters share the same tough but secretly vulnerable persona. There's even a scene when Ford pretends he's a nerdy, sexually neutered jerk to get informations, that makes me wonder if it might not have been inspired by a scene from \\"The Big Sleep\\" - a twist, by the way, that was invented by Bogart himself.<BR>I think here one sees Harrison Ford at his best. I'm sorry to see his acting skills deteriorating more and more with age, and it adds to the melancholic experience of watching this film to know that he's never been in such a great movie, or ever acted that wonderfully again, except in \\"Frenetic\\", by Roman Polanski.<BR>Another spoiler was an interview with Sean Young that I once read, where she denounced how badly she and Harrison Ford got along on the set. The love scene, that I always thought was so electrifying, does nothing for me now, thanks to her. She said Harrison actually did throw her violently against the window for real, and that those tears one sees her cry aren't the tears of the cracks in her character's armor showing, but of her real and actual physical pain.<BR>Nevertheless, it's still a mind-blowing experience. I'm not objective enough about this work to be able to tell if it's dated or not - I hope it isn't. I suppose one could say \\"Casablanca\\"'s dated, but it's beyond that thanks to its timeless quality. The same, I hope, could be said of this work.<BR>The beauty of the movie (the sets, the clothes, the lighting, the make-up, the music by Vangelis of course) is unbeatable.<BR>There are so many details I love about it: the city, the geisha add, Sean Young's entrance, Harrison Ford's character remembering how his wife used to call him sushi (cold fish), Daryl Hannah's acrobatics and eye make-up, Rutger Hauer's coolness, the hunger for life only the dying can experience, its slick dirtiness and tragedy.
B0000AR8NK|2.0|&quot;Aint there one damn song that can make me break down and cry?&quot; is the question Bowie was asking himself in his 1975 great album &quot;Young Americans&quot;. Well, in 2003 I am asking the same to Mr. Bowie, a great Has-been rock singer, who is showing with this album that his talent is a thing from the past.<br />I dont know. Maybe, like the greek guy said below, people who has posted commentaries here got another &quot;Reality&quot; cd, but the copy I own is a progression of convencional adult-soft-rock songs, lyrics than said absolutely nothing, and a sound revisiting his worst 80s years. Bowie has released quite awful albums since &quot;Hours&quot; in 1999. Since &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; his career became disastrous, except for &quot;Outside&quot; and &quot;Earthling&quot;.<br />People said he is near the 60 years of age, and that he has made really great songs in the 1970s and blah blah blah...But Lou Reed is older than his and he is making great albums. The same you can said about Iggy Pop.<br />personal recomendation: buy the albums released between 1971 and 1980. There is a lot of remastered new copies better than this bunch of tasteless songs.
B000002NIW|5.0|This cd contains some very good songs like the singles: 'My own summer' and 'Be quiet and Drive'. But other great ones are: 'MX', 'Headup' (feat. Max Cavalera of Soulfly) and 'Lotion'. This record doesn't sound the same as there debut 'Adrenaline'. This album is more for the summer ;). And the songs on Adrenaline are more different than Around the fur. Just hear it and you'll see for yourself! To bad Chino wasn't on the 'Strait Up'-tribute to Lynn......
B00005YW4H|2.0|If you like every song sung the same way in the same key and without expression,  then this album is for you.  Ms. jone has vocal potential, unfortunately it isn't evident on this recording.  For maximum listening enjoyment, especially when it concerns &quot;Turn me on&quot;,  I reccomend the late and forever great, Nina Simone.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|I have been reading the other reviews comparing it to metallica and that like and I have to say that who cares!!! It still sounds like Dream theater to me. If there can be any comparisons at all maybe at the start of the first track it sounds a bit like Black Sabbath but again who cares!! Like anything that D.T. does it is done to perfection and in this case while they decided to do a heavy metal explosion! it still is brilliant!. These guys are very talented and I trust the band will keep changing and keep progressing with the art form. Dream Theater have proven themselves over and over again with the writing and production abilities. Train of thought is a classic in every sense unlike that St Anger rubbish that i used as a frisbie!!! It seems interesting to me that it takes a band like Dream Theater to set the record straight about how a metal album should be. I cant wait to hear the next one.....
B0000E1ALR|5.0|ONLY THING NEW HERE IS THE BONUS CD.
0385504209|4.0|THE DA VINCI CODE has been on the top of the best-seller list for so long that I finally decided to read it and see why. The story of the book is common knowledge by this time so that much  of the mystery author Dan Brown traces so well is now a bit passe.  But THE DA VINCI CODE brings to light a few important lessons that inform about the reading public: first, there is obviously a large audience for 'who-dunnit' mysteries, second, there must be at least a little interest in matters ecclesiastic for a novel based on the Catholic Church/Knights Templar/Holy Grail/Opus Dei etc, and third (thankfully) there is evidence that the public is willing to dig in to a bit of art history and controversy that is in fact much more interesting that the information in the media today.  As far as a book is concerned, Dan Brown begins his &quot;Novel&quot; with a FACT sheet: &quot;All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals [Opus Dei, Priory of Sion, Vatican, etc]in this novel are accurate&quot;.  That alone makes this book in evidence of a lot of research.  The action takes place in approximately 24 hours but the pace of the tale from France to England and back is breathless.  While the delivery of the story is at the speed of breaking the sound barrier, with the accompanying 'can't-put-it-down' reading situation, Brown doesn't really write with elegant prose, or make his caper characters much more than chessboard pawns as far as fleshing them out into people about whom we care.  This is not a book for those who love to languish in the beauty of the English language: there are no truly memorable passages that beg to be re-read because of their beauty of expression.  But given that, this is an obvious crowd pleaser and seems a sure bet for a movie - if Mel Gibson's PASSION doesn't steal  all its thunder.<br />Writers write for different reasons; readers seek books for different needs.  THE DA VINCI CODE  is a fine escapist route to take on a plane trip or to devour when the world is too much with us.  Great literature it is not - and that really is OK!r to devour when the world is too much with us.  Great literature it is not - and that really is OK!
B00005JM0B|5.0|AWESOME MOVIE!  Arnold is not only our govenator but the TERMINATOR.  Great special effects and Claire Danes does a great job in filling in for Linda Hamilton as the tough chick who will save the human race.  I highly recommend this movie.
0783113943|5.0|Angelina Jolie gives the performance of her career in this film that depicts the meteoric rise and hard fall of supermodel Gia Carangi. This is the story of a tough, streetsmart and fast talking gril from Philadelphia who became one of the world's most successful models. Her intense beauty and wild ways open doors for all that was good and bad. She had a voracious appetite for sex with both men and women but what she loved most was definately to get high on cocaine and heroin. Her fast pace life filled with money,fame and cover shots for the world's top fashion magazines came spiralling out of control when she became a bonafide junkie that could not stop sticking needles in her arms and sniffing large quantities of coke on a daily basis. Finally her world came to a halt when she died at the age of 26 of Aids from apparently either a contaminated needle or the many sex partners that she had at various times in her life. It could be both but the film tends to draw the conclusion that she was infected with the virus thru a contaminated needle. Angelina Jolie who in my opinion is more beautiful than the real Gia, nails this character to the wall with an incredible intensity and finess. She gives a brilliant over the top performance and is with this movie in my opinion that she jumps to the category of the Hollywood heavyweights. She is truly an excellent actress and if this movie would have been release theatrically, she would of atleast grabbed an Oscar nomination as Best Actress. She did however won the Golden Globe for her performance in this incredible film. This movie even though it is sad and tragic and tough to watch at times is one of my favorites and I recommended to anyone who not only likes Angelina Jolie or wants to see what a great actress she is but also to the people who at one time or another have contimplated doing drugs and they can see for themselves what the final outcome is:SELF DESTRUCTION and probably even death like in the case of Gia who wantedto live a normal life but her inner demons (whatever they were) and obsession for the drugs and unprotected sex ended her life at an early age. You shouldn't miss this movie, it is available for rental in most video stores but don't rent it buy it this is a great film to have in any movie collection. I bought my copy and you should too.
B00005JMFO|5.0|Love Actually is a sparkling Christmas comedy about eight couples and the love in their lives.  Hugh Grant stars as the newly-elected British Prime Minister, who falls in love with his unsophisticated secretary.  The wonderful Emma Thompson and Alan Rickman play a bored couple whose marriage is on the rocks.  Handsome Colin Firth plays a writer working in France who is attracted to his Portuguese assistant, who doesn't speak English.  Bill Nighy nearly steals the show as an outrageously flamboyant  middle-aged ex-rock star who has a new hit.<br /><br />All of the actors are excellent in their roles.  Hugh Grant is my favorite, playing his usual, adorable, Prince Charming role to perfection.  Thompson and Rickman are compelling as spouses who have lost the spark, at least for each other.  The script is solidly funny, and poignant as well. (Note:  Bring your hankie.)<br /><br />The film would have been better if it had concentrated on just  three couples.  One of the unnecessary stories deals with a couple in the porn business, and there is a great deal of nudity.  For this reason, I think the film should be rated NC-17.  But it is a real feel-good movie and a genuinely funny comedy that will leave you smiling through your tears.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|Make no mistake, Train of Thought is a great piece of musicianship.  It is up to the standards of Dream Theater's best work.<br />Those who have expressed strongly negative opinions about this album are hung up on the style, which is very heavy and fast, probably too much so for those fans more interested in DT's &quot;progressive&quot; roots (imagine Slayer on speed and you'll get an idea of what Dream Theater was trying to pull off here).<br />Despite the album's greatness, it only gets 4 stars from me, because we're not treading much new ground here.  Yes, Petrucci's shredding on this record is perhaps the greatest ever recorded by anyone, but we already have numberous DT and LTE albums where he's done this for us.<br />When DT released Awake, an album musically and thematically similar to Train of Thought, we all listened over and over and over because the album was literally changing the world of heavy metal.  It was unlike anything we'd ever heard and blew open whatever old standards existed for musicianship in rock music.<br />Scenes From a Memory was similar.  Here was a rock opera that integrated a truly good story into some amazing music, giving us a new standard for the rock concept album.<br />Train of Thought, while equally great to Awake and Scenes on an objective scale, doesn't have the same magic as those albums, because DT is playing within the boundaries they've already created, instead of blasting open whole new worlds.<br />If DT wants to continue on this path, laying out fantastic, if uninspired albums, so be it.  I'll buy the records and listen, because, let's face it -- they still totally rock harder than just about anyone else.<br />But if they want to recapture the magic they once gave to fans, they need to do more.<br />They need to write songs with stronger melodic and harmonic bases, rather than the endless Portnoy/Petrucci jam sessions.  The first half of When The Water Breaks from LTE2 is the closest they've ever come to writing a melodically driven metal song.<br />They need to lay out good lyrics and melodies first for some tunes, and then put music underneath them, rather than letting the guitar riff lead the way every time.  I get the feeling that Under A Glass Moon, Space-Dye Vest, and Pull Me Under were written this way, but that style of writing seems to have left the band with Kevin Moore.<br />They need to abandon their famed &quot;jam session on a white board&quot; method of writing, at least occassionally, and explore the power of laying out an entire chart, every note, on a staff.  Doing so would force their music to conform to the power of deliberate thought, rather than the in-the-moment emotion of the jam session.<br />They need to work with new people.  They shouldn't be afraid to bring in lyricists, composers, new technicians, and new producers.  Right now, all that effort is being put into the side projects, which have grown more interesting than DT's own music.<br />But these are mostly criticisms for criticism's sake.  I love the album.  I recommend it highly to fans of DT, fans of thrash metal, and open-minded souls who appreciate great music, no matter the form.odically driven metal song.<br />They need to lay out good lyrics and melodies first for some tunes, and then put music underneath them, rather than letting the guitar riff lead the way every time.  I get the feeling that Under A Glass Moon, Space-Dye Vest, and Pull Me Under were written this way, but that style of writing seems to have left the band with Kevin Moore.  <br />They need to abandon their famed &quot;jam session on a white board&quot; method of writing, at least occassionally, and explore the power of laying out an entire chart, every note, on a staff.  Doing so would force their music to conform to the power of deliberate thought, rather than the in-the-moment emotion of the jam session.<br />They need to work with new people.  They shouldn't be afraid to bring in lyricists, composers, new technicians, and new producers.  Right now, all that effort is being put into the side projects, which have grown more interesting than DT's own music.  <br />But these are mostly criticisms for criticism's sake.  I love the album.  I recommend it highly to fans of DT, fans of thrash metal, and open-minded souls who appreciate great music, no matter the form.
B00005JM0B|4.0|[COLLUSION OR COLLISION] aRnIES  back, big BANG time alredy OBSOLETE terminator from the future,HES a good [CYBORG], hes a robot with just a hint of attitude,HES a little like wheres DOROTHY? hes not cowardly like the lion or stupid hes faithfull like a [TOTO] a TALKIN  dog to CONNER,MOSTLY TO spout/SPROUT one liners..  as usUall hes packin, an arsenal [better to buy time] he drives around alot.. yellow brick road TO demolision VISION delerious,gravity dyfing thee stooges like choreographed skits, where machine collide with other machines slaps part fly OFF  through space... machines coiled ready for the kill; frill of THRILL, adrenaline, machines dont know how to love, but ARNIE KINDA DOES, hes learnin,although theres not much time in this BIG spectacular, HEAVY metal, zoom in [SLOT CAR RACER IMPOSSIBLY SPEEDY] A,,ai,[artificial lie ]programMed ORGASM .. AL OBJECTS PROGRAMED TO COLLIDE, these machines rise to the occassionS, SEEK and DESRTOY, heat seeking OVERKILL, BIG TIME,along for amusements, witness but not a participant,stupHOR MATRIX, maximum laugh at,one LINERS OF EXCELLENCE,arnolds,,  this movie HAS the guts TO LAUGH LOUD, AND OFTEN, heroically, not only at it self, poke at its not nearlyTOO deadly earnest,[BRETHERIN]bastard LIKE THE MATRIX, left wing pointstoo , neo tribal, groovey kids KICK this movie is non political, [or its buried its head in the tombstone  years],republican liberal GOLDWATER MACHINE READY,theres a, unlike LIGHT HEARTED randomness NOT surly MATRIX friendly erks some,in THE natural  ORDER, predictable,machine turned ugly, RIDDLED WITH BULLET HOLES, take pot shots, embrasedesignerEMBRASE GAP OUTLETFACADE FRIENDLY YOUNG AND HIP,DISGRACE,BLIND AND HAIRY PSUEDOOVODDOO, MATRIX OR MAXIMS of product placemeants,CONSCIOUSNESS about,at all cost, cater to  wow wow wow,BIG BUDAHSIDDARTA HERmme hurly HESSISMS,JOURNEY  burly YEAH, JOURNEY HEREand know,THERES NO ESCAPING,,,,,, MOTHER OF ALL BIG BANG on the brink of consciousness,          NUMB, OR WAKENS US NUMB FROM THE BIG DUMB POINTLESS EXPENSE OF our machine folly put too much faith reliance in MACHINE    TELLS US HUMANS WHERE possible like in a very un like[ the CATERmatrix ],THERES NO WHERE IS THERE everywhere ,..thundering trite POSTUREponification of the youthfull and SHOPPER HER, not even mentioning down the pike next years MODELS,MACHINE OPTIMISM QUAINT PLANT OBSOLESCENCE trite,
B0000BYM3K|5.0|Otro despliegue mas de poder, ritmica y melodia de un grupo que nunca me descepciona. Comprenlo.<BR>Another display of rhythm, power and melody from a band who never dissapoint me. Buy it.<br />Si quieren algo basura compren Metallica - St. Anger. ha!<BR>If you want something to recycle, buy Metallica - St. Anger because it sucks!
B0000542DG|5.0|I thought this movie was great, very exciting and a great thrill.  It really makes you think.
B00005JLD4|5.0|The book is a straightforward telling of the story of the 3 girls walk, almost 2000 KM in about 9 weeks, eluding the police and obtaining food. Interestingly it starts with the first European's landing on the shores and the ancestors of the girls reactions. The reviews at amazon give a sufficient outline of the movie and i don't feel the need to repeat the details here.<br />What i would like to discuss is the clash of cultures that underlies and animates the movie. The key scene in the policeman holding up the paper and removing the children from their mother's loving arms, to be placed in a heartless, cruel, impersonal, prison. Western culture several hundred years ago became structured, institutionalized, bureaucratic, impersonal. The aboriginal culture, for at least 60thousand years has remained close to the foundations of humanity: hunter-gatherers, minimal technology, minimal possessions. The words of the superintendent: &quot;Just because they use Neolithic tools doesn't mean that they have Neolithic brains.&quot; is the key element in this 'clash of cultures'. The conquest of Australia, like the destruction of native cultures in the Pacific and the Americas was done via germs and guns, (to partly quote an excellent book on the topic). It was the difference in the tools, in the things of these two different cultures that doomed the Aboriginals to the destruction of their long held way of life, not the ideas, not the humanity(or lack of it) of either group. And this is, to me, one of the paradoxes of the movie. The motivations of the institutionalizers was clearly not evil as much as wrongly directed. Yet the obvious evil that emerged from it must be explained not only as a result of massive impersonal institutions creating their own inertia, but in the deflection of human personalities, of human feelings in those institutions towards the goals of those institutions. Simply put, our tools shape their own results, despite our personal feelings or conscious intentions. That is even before the observation that people assume the fascade of their organizations, even before we realize that people are shaped and controlled by their institutions and their tools.<br />So it is a story that starkly illustrates the collision of cultures in the type of tools each has purchased with the souls of the people inside. For despite the intentions and outspoken feelings of the white people involved they continued the brutal suppression and destruction of the Aboriginal culture and people through the heart-wrenching tearing away of their next generation. The movie and the book are on a very personal level, just one old lady relating what happened to her so many years ago, to us her audience. Yet even in this personal level the tools intervene, for the way home, the bread crumbs, the yellow brick road was the rabbit proof fence.<br />European culture introduced the rabbits to Australia, to the extraordinary destruction of the native habitat and unique animals that exist there. All to create more rabbits at the destruction of the kangaroos, analogous to the western peoples invasion which substituted white human bodies for black. The rabbit proof fence was a typical western ideological tool to try to fix what never should have happened. More technology chasing the problems of more stupid decisions, round and round until the destructiveness of the whole package is obvious to even the meanest minded colonist. The fence never worked, the rabbits got through, technology failed, again. But the fence became a very specific thing in the minds of the Aboriginals, it was the way to come out of the wilderness where they lived their ancestrial ways and became the hangers-on of the white tool based culture. For the fence was the boundary between white and Aboriginal, between the hunter gatherer and the stationary monthly ration outback ranch way of life. And to the girls it was the way home.<br />The movie, like the destruction of native cultures, is fullof paradoxes like these. The powerlessness of young girls arraided against the full brute force of the police and their legal papers, the fact that they are 'half-caste' who grew up hated by the full aboriginal kids, then torn from that by their father's culture who only wanted to turn them into domestic slaves. We cheer for the girls, we distaint the Aboriginal tracker who deserts his own people for the service of the conquerers, we cry with the mothers as they strike their heads with rocks to mourn their children's kidnapping. But we might miss the big picture if we look at them as the only victims of the system, for the huge imposing edifice of Western police, military, courts, governments is just the iceberg-like tip of a culture that imposed tools between people, which dehumanizes and manipulates its inhabitants into believing that theirs is the best of all possible ways of living. This is the big picture, the Aboriginal way of life, the culture as a testimony that humanity has not always lived this way, that it is not necessarily the only way to express our common humanity, that there were alternatives in the recent past. Before the machine destroyed them all.of paradoxes like these. The powerlessness of young girls arraided against the full brute force of the police and their legal papers, the fact that they are 'half-caste' who grew up hated by the full aboriginal kids, then torn from that by their father's culture who only wanted to turn them into domestic slaves. We cheer for the girls, we distaint the Aboriginal tracker who deserts his own people for the service of the conquerers, we cry with the mothers as they strike their heads with rocks to mourn their children's kidnapping. But we might miss the big picture if we look at them as the only victims of the system, for the huge imposing edifice of Western police, military, courts, governments is just the iceberg-like tip of a culture that imposed tools between people, which dehumanizes and manipulates its inhabitants into believing that theirs is the best of all possible ways of living. This is the big picture, the Aboriginal way of life, the culture as a testimony that humanity has not always lived this way, that it is not necessarily the only way to express our common humanity, that there were alternatives in the recent past. Before the machine destroyed them all.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh has truly done it again!  A friend introduced me to Josh's debut album and his extraordinary voice in early 2002. I had the distinct honor and pleasure of sitting in the front row at the Pasadena Auditorium to witness the taping of Josh's PBS Special last year. Talk about a wash of emotions.  For nearly two years now, I have reveled in the beauty that is Josh Groban's gorgeous voice. And now, along comes &quot;Closer&quot;. If you don't add this CD to your music collection, than you don't know what fine music truly is.  CONGRATULATIONS JOSH! ANOTHER WINNER! YOU TRULY ARE \\"CLOSER\\" TO PERFECTION!
B0000DJZ9T|3.0|Ok, so one of my fav. bands releases a Live cd.<br />The question follows:<BR>what for?<BR>are they going to be singing new songs? <BR>are they reinventing some of their songs?<BR>will they show that they can \\"loose it\\" if they want to?<br />One of my first impressions on this Coldplay cd is that they believe in the saying \\"If it ain't broke, don't fix it\\". <br />I mean, Yellow has a new beginning, Clocks has a more definitive ending, but that's about it. See you Soon is executed the same way as it has been for the past 4 years, In My Place is EXACTLY the same as the studio version. It is plain to see that songs like Everything's not lost can last 9 minutes (like in this live version), but it is NECESSARY to improvise a little bit; otherwise the song is simply too long for nothing.  A Rush of Blood to the Head starts with a Pink Floydish instrumentation, but soon every part of the band starts \\"copying\\" the original version.<br />There is one new song called Moses which is fairly good, but too U2 sounding. It is really catchy though, but we already know that Coldplay is about catchiness; it would be interesting to see if there's more to them than that. Songs like Clocks or Daylight (which is not in this cd) certainly prove so.<br />See you soon is a very beautiful song and we can forgive them if they play it as originally invented. But One I love... what's the point of excluding classics like Trouble and The Scientist and including that song?! I mean, imagine a medley that mixed the 2 aforementioned songs and tell me which of the options is more exciting...<br />I rate this 3 starts simply because the songs are absolutely mesmerizing. But that's not merit of LIVE 2003 CD, but of PARACHUTES and A RUSH OF BLOOD TO THE HEAD.<br />Pd. Not  to mention the fact that this cd was not necessary at this VERY early stage of their career, specially since they were not planning to do what I have suggested in the paragraphs above.
B0000640SA|5.0|Let's see, how to begin this review-- how about at the end and move slowly toward the front?  You see, that would be a propos for this film, which takes precisely that approach to tell the story.  It moves from end to beginning, with each scene that the audience sees being the scene which took place before the previous scene.<br />Well, kind of.  There is also another similar plot line which runs in true time and is mostly the main character, Leonard (Guy Pearce) talking to someone on the phone about a strange mental condition.  No worries about telling the two plot lines apart, because this alternate plot line is shot completely in black and white, while the plot line that runs in reverse is done in color.  The movie alternates black and white scenes with color scenes, which leaves us completely confused for a while.<br />Not really such a bad thing for this movie, because that's exactly what Leonard feels.  He was a detective living a normal life, when his wife was brutally raped and murdered.  He walked in on the attack and was slammed into a wall.  He developed a strange condition from this injury.  He can form no new memories.  Anything that happened to him before the attack is crystal clear.  Since then, any encounter he has fades from memory within seconds.<br />To combat this, he uses his body as a kind of billboard, tatooing various facts about the killer all over himself, so he won't forget them as he hunts down the killer of his wife.  He also keeps pictures of everyone he meets and writes notes on the backs to keep straight whether they can be trusted.  Some of the people he meets may not be his true friends, but we don't know that, we are along for the ride.<br />The two main characters Leonard meets in the movie are Teddy (Joe Pantoliano) and Natalie (Carrie Anne Moss).  Both characters are not who they seem at first, and one wonders if either can truly be trusted.  Kudos must go out to Pearce, who gives an excellent performance as the brain damaged Leonard.  You can sense his acceptance of the reality of his life, yet see the despair just underneath the surface.  Magnificent performance.<br />Camera work is another plus here.  A couple of neat tricks for us.  The opening scene is of someone being shot with a pistol.  The scene goes completely in reverse, with the bullet going back into the gun and the blood crawling  up the wall.  This sets the scene for the type of storytelling we will be seeing.  Also, I mentioned the two separate storylines.  Watch toward the very end for these to come together.  It will take a careful eye to spot the moment when they do.<br />The main accomplishment for Christopher Nolan is the ability to structure the film in this way and still leave us a surprise at the end.  Or beginning.  Whatever.  By the time the credits roll, we learn that everything that has gone before may not be completely accurate.  Is that the message?  That memory itself is unreliable?  Perhaps.<br />Finally, the DVD itself.  Wonderful.  The image is crisp and clear.  The DTS sound is awesome  The discs are loaded with extras although I admit they are a pain to access, particularly disc 2.  You may have to go to a website to fully explain how to access everything.  My favorite feature is the one which lets you watch the whole movie in real time  The black and white scenes all actually happen before the color scenes in real time.  This is evident when you utilize this feature.<br />In short, this is a must see.  I promise, you will not see anything like this for a long time.  The script, acting, and execution are near flawless.  Go grab a copy of this and get ready to watch it at least twice!
B0000E1ALR|5.0|This is a great collection of some of Bruce Springsteen's best works, plus a rarities CD, being offered here for less than $20.  Frankly, that's a bargain for someone who was born circa 1980, doesn't have much Springsteen in his or her collection, and wants to understand why Springsteen ranks among the great rock artists ever.  This 3-CD collection is a god-send for them.  Sure, there are some other songs that could have been included, but that's true of all compilation records.  What is truly amusing to me are the reviews from the long-time Springsteen fans who have every one of his releases, complaining about this being a \\"ripoff\\" because all this has been released already.  Hey guys, if you have it already, then don't buy it.  This album wasn't released for the folks who already have every one of Springsteen's releases.  And if you feel compelled to own everything the man releases, or see every possible live performance and then complain about the ticket prices (like the all caps guy below), well, those are really your issues, not Springsteen's.  This is a great opportunity for some 20-year-olds to get a lot of Springsteen material for under $20, and come to understand why Springsteen has achieved what so few rocks artists ever have.
B00005JLK1|2.0|This movie was not at all scary ! Never at one point was I scared, but for some reason, I thought it was okay. Definately not the best, but not the worst either. The main thing that I really like is the beggining, even though it was kind of gory. And I liked the part where they show what happens in the past, becuase they do it very well, especailly when they have the flashes, I love when movies have that!<BR>But, if you're the type who doesn't like movies without an ounce of scare in them, don't waste your money, unless a friend invites you to watch it or something, but if you think a movie doesn't have to be all scary to be good, then I say see it for yourself, and let you be the judge.
B0000E1ALR|4.0|The Sony &quot;Essentials&quot; Collection can be a bit of a mislabel in many ways. Just about every song on this selection is &quot;essential&quot; to Bruce Springsteen's long and illustrious career, but &quot;essential&quot; is a bit of a misnomer because it implies that the songs contained within this package are all of his &quot;essential&quot; songs. This package is a definite one-up from his 'Greatest Hits' released years back, but is lacking quite a few classic Springsteen favorites. In the foreward in the liner notes, Springsteen even addresses this issue &quot;'one man's coffee is another man's tea, one man's whiskey...' In any body of work there are obvious high points. The rest depends on who's doing the listening.&quot; <br />This listener thinks that only two songs from 'The River' is a bit of a sham, seeing that he did 'Ramrod' on most of his tour shows the past couple tours and that I hear 'Cadillac Ranch' on my local classic rock station from time to time. The three most predictable selections from 'Born In The U.S.A.' are here, but having something like 'Bobby Jean' or 'My Hometown' on here would help to show the depth of this album a lot better than the chart-toppers represented here. Also, 'My City Of Ruins' seemed to be one of the songs at the heart of 'The Rising' but it's nowhere to be found here, instead the much less soulful party tune 'Mary's Place' is on here.<br />It's impossible to please everybody, however. This collection is pretty much a by-the-numbers, glorified greatest hits. On the other hand, the remastering is very much improved from the terrible cd issues. The booklet comes with a few nice pictures and the lyrics for every song are included (and the cover is a cool shot too). The bonus disc is a bit of a hit and miss affair, really, and there really could be more to it, but it is a bonus disc of rarities and that's always a plus (finally, I have 'Trapped' on a cd).<br />This is very much like the Bob Dylan &quot;Essentials&quot;collection, which basically means that it's an impossible task to cram a whole man's career onto two 80-minute discs. Most of the big hits are here, and many key album tracks, but for every great album track included, there is one missing (like 'Tenth Avenue Freeze Out', 'Bobby Jean', 'Into The Fire', 'Lost In The Flood', and even 'Cadillac Ranch'.) This collection is a great overview for the unacquainted with Springsteen, or for those who want to dig a bit deeper than the old 'Greatest Hits' cd. Springsteen purists will probably complain about an unbalanced tracklisting.
B00005QXDD|5.0|Excellent music, well-sung vocals, and some of the funniest skits I have ever heard on a cd. These guys don't take anything seriously, and that makes this band even cooler. I've only had this album for about half a week, but I have listed to it every day of that week, and every time I hear it I like it more. Buy this album!
B0000399WI|5.0|When I first saw this movie in the theatre back in '94, I knew nothing about it. I only heard buzz that it was excellent! This movie was probably one of the best movie moments I've had.<BR>(See THE USUAL SUSPECTS) for another movie that buzzes as masterpiece before it's release.  A modern classic. &quot;No good thing ever dies.&quot;
6305075492|5.0|In the little German town of Holstenwall, performers have come from far and wide to set up exhibitions at the town's fair. Among them is a man named Dr. Caligari (Werner Krauss) who has brought a Somnambulist named Cesare (Conrad Veidt) to entertain the townsfolk. Cesare has slept for 23 years and, through his morbid trance, has acquired knowledge of the past and future. But shortly after Dr. Caligari and Cesare arrive, a series of grisly murders take place in the town. Francis (Friedrich Feher), whose best friend was a victim, vows to track down the person responsible for these hideous crimes.<br /><br />&#34;The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari&#34; is a stunning example of both German expressionism and effective commercial entertainment. Directed by Robert Wiene in 1919, with extraordinary expressionist set design by Hermann Warm and a haunting modern musical score by Timothy Brock, &#34;Caligari&#34; is no less sophisticated in its themes or story-telling technique than modern films. In fact, it reminds me a lot of Alfred Hitchcock's work, in particular his television program. Oddly, the film isn't black-and-white. It's color -or &#34;colored&#34; actually. The film is toned. Scenes that take place at night have a bluish cast. Daytime -or indoor light- has a sepia tone. And a few scenes are actually purple, which I assume was intended to communicate a melancholy mood. (The film was originally hand-tinted, but later prints may not have been. The Image Entertainment DVD is tinted, but I don't know if the other DVD versions are.) The blue and purple casts are interesting, but seem garish at times. Most of the scenes are sepia, which is pleasing to the eye and gives the film a warmth that wouldn't be possible in neutral black&white. The story is told in flashback, and there are flashbacks inside of that one. I was surprised to see real visual effects in such an antique film. And there is a surprise ending no less startling than the ending of M. Night Shyamalan's &#34;The Sixth Sense&#34;. In fact, the film's blurring of the boundaries between reality and fantasy, sanity and insanity, can be pretty unsettling. This is a rare horror film that succeeds in creating a true sense of horror at least once. &#34;Caligari&#34;'s fanciful expressionist sets are absolutely fabulous. The sets alone would make the film worth watching. Add great writing and technique, and &#34;The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari&#34; is a wonderfully entertaining example of early cinema that really stands the test of time. Highly recommended. Intertitles are in English only.<br /><br />The DVD (This refers to the Image Entertainment DVD only.): This is one of those DVDs that starts to play the film as soon as you put the disc into the machine, so be quick on the remote. Bonus features include excerpts from a film called &#34;Genuine: A Tale of a Vampire&#34;, which director Robert Wiene made in 1920, and a excellent audio commentary by film historian Mike Budd. I highly recommend the commentary, but don't be tempted to listen to it the first time you view the film. The film suffers without its musical score, and the audio commentary gives away the ending early in the film. It's very worthwhile on your second viewing, though. Mike Budd talks about  the artistry of &#34;Caligari&#34;  as well as the state of commercial film and expressionist art in Germany at the time. The film's speed is correct on this DVD, but the condition of the print leaves something to be desired. There is noticeable white noise (scratches) in much of the film, and there is a conspicuous dark band across the top of the screen in many of the scenes. Maybe the film was originally like that. This print certainly is. It would be nice if it were cleaned up. These flaws don't detract too much from the enjoyment of the film, but that dark band is especially obtrusive. On the other hand, I appreciate that this DVD was made from a print which has the original color tinting.34;. In fact, the film's blurring of the boundaries between reality and fantasy, sanity and insanity, can be pretty unsettling. This is a rare horror film that succeeds in creating a true sense of horror at least once. &#34;Caligari&#34;'s fanciful expressionist sets are absolutely fabulous. The sets alone would make the film worth watching. Add great writing and technique, and &#34;The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari&#34; is a wonderfully entertaining example of early cinema that really stands the test of time. Highly recommended. Intertitles are in English only.  The DVD (This refers to the Image Entertainment DVD only.): This is one of those DVDs that starts to play the film as soon as you put the disc into the machine, so be quick on the remote. Bonus features include excerpts from a film called &#34;Genuine: A Tale of a Vampire&#34;, which director Robert Wiene made in 1920, and a excellent audio commentary by film historian Mike Budd. I highly recommend the commentary, but don't be tempted to listen to it the first time you view the film. The film suffers without its musical score, and the audio commentary gives away the ending early in the film. It's very worthwhile on your second viewing, though. Mike Budd talks about  the artistry of &#34;Caligari&#34;  as well as the state of commercial film and expressionist art in Germany at the time. The film's speed is correct on this DVD, but the condition of the print leaves something to be desired. There is noticeable white noise (scratches) in much of the film, and there is a conspicuous dark band across the top of the screen in many of the scenes. Maybe the film was originally like that. This print certainly is. It would be nice if it were cleaned up. These flaws don't detract too much from the enjoyment of the film, but that dark band is especially obtrusive. On the other hand, I appreciate that this DVD was made from a print which has the original color tinting.
B0000DZ3IG|3.0|This album is one of the best movie album that i have heard in ages. However the americans have been a watered down c.d and should import the uk album as it has more songs on it (e.g girls aloud-jump) and you are really missing out.
B00005JMFO|5.0|I was in a very blue mood, in need of a pick up, when I went to see this movie, all by myself mind you. I thought it was one of the best romantic comedies of recent years. It will surely be the sleeper that \\"Sleepless in Seattle\\" and \\"When Harry Met Sally\\" were. I didn't go to it based on the writer/director's previous works because I thought \\"Notting Hill\\" was one of the most boring movies of the century. But, it seemed like a feel-good movie, and that is what I needed.<br />Some say that the number of story lines, characters was too much, but I disagree. Each brought their own special tone to the movie. Even the porn stand-ins. I know a lot of people thought the nudity was unnecessary, and uncalled for, but, in my opion, it was simply trying to emphasize that even in such rediculous situations, love can be found. And the idea of the couple who have seen each other naked, imitated sex, were so sweet and innocent, timid in their coupling as when John shyly attempts to kiss Judy, was very sweet, in my opionion. Yes, the scenes were a bit much, but, I think they worked for the movie, and it is rated R after all.<br />The one scene that I initially resisted was that of Colin Firth's character Jamie falling for his maid, who didn't speak English. At first, I thought how rediculous, they don't really know each other. Then I realized something in the opening scenes of their relationship when she jumped into the water to retrieve his papers. It was that scene that made me realize how he had fallen for her, and how that was a possibility given his past experience of being cheated on. This woman, who barely new him, was sensitive enough to chase after his rediculous manuscript, in cold waters, that is love.<br />Their were several jabs at Americans that *almost* turned me away from the movie. First, the jab of the Prime Minister at the US President (Hugh and Billy Bob). Sure, it probably was meant to come across as the PM putting the US Pres in his place over his handling ofthe assistant, but in reality, lets face it, it was a political jab at the US. I know the Brits may be upset at their own PM for his handling of recent events, and as polls show, so are the vast majority of Americans, but this movie was not the appropriate place for such comments.<br />The second jab at Americans was when the less than gorgeous Colin was able to come to the states, Wisconsin at that, and immediately get 3-4 girls to bed him? Just because he had a British accent? What do non-Americans think of us American women?! I know few women who would do the same. Of course, he did find them in a bar, but even so, it really makes me wonder what the Brits think about us American women. <br />I do think that more time could have been given to some characters, such as we never really know if Harry (Alan Rickman) bedded his secretary, but, overall, I thought it was a poignant movie with a great reflection of love. And it may have seemed like some of the \\"love\\" was forced, since after all this was just a 5 week period, but I thought it was all appropriately encountered. <br />I think one of the best played out seens was that of the hysterical (yeah, he almost stole the movie) scene of Billy Mack with his manager. At first you think it is going to turn into a gay thing, but then you realize that it wasn't. It was instead a man who realizes that he does indeed love his manager, who has put up with him for so many years, and stood by him through the thick and the thin. The embodiment of a good friendship, and a man admitting his love for another man. That almost brought tears to my eyes.<br />And finally, the real scene stealer, Miss Olivia Olson as the American Joanna who has stolen the heart of Liam Neeson's character Daniel's step-son Sam. The movie was worth the 6$ (matinee) just to hear her rendition of \\"All I want for Christmas.\\" I had to immediately go to Wal_mart when I realized the soundtrack was out. That little girl can SING! <br />So, if you just need a feel-good movie, can tolerate a little bit of nudity, (ok, a lot of it in some scenes) and can handle a little bit of US bashing (it is a film made by the Brits after all), then I highly recommend this movie. Don't let the political undertone ruin it for you. Just stick to the \\"Love Actually\\" portion of the movie to see that Love is actually everywhere, from the newly found romance of the PM, to the love of a 10 year old school boy, to the love of a man and his longtime friend and manager, to the love of a sister for her mentally ill brother. I walked away feeling both happiness and sadness. How is that for a movie?<br />Go see it and judge it for yourself. :-)
B0000DYJM6|4.0|From the beginning you can tell Lost Dogs is a collection of songs that either didn't make an album because they didn't make the final cut or couldn't fit on the album.  For those Pearl Jam fanatics, you'll notice the re-recorded versions of &quot;Alone&quot; and &quot;Wash&quot; and the added harmonica to the same &quot;Footsteps&quot; recording found on the Jeremy single.<br />The first disk is much louder than the second.  Stand-outs from disk one are &quot;Sad,&quot; &quot;Alone,&quot; &quot;Undone,&quot; and the concert encore &quot;Yellow Ledbetter.&quot;  Songs that don't quite impress are &quot;Don't Give Me No Lip,&quot; and the MOM songs &quot;Gremmie Out of Control,&quot; and &quot;The Whale Song.&quot;<br />Disk two is made up of rare B-sides and old Christmas singles along with an instumental version of the very rare &quot;Brother.&quot;  I'm not sure why they chose not to put the vocals on this song, but from the guitar riffs, you can tell why several die-hard fans consider this jewel a personal favorite.  In general disk two flows better and has a little better collection of tunes.  Disk two low points are &quot;Sweet Lew,&quot; and the rare but uninspiring &quot;Bee Girl.&quot;<br />Missing from this collection are &quot;State of Love and Trust,&quot; &quot;Breath,&quot; and &quot;Crazy Mary&quot; (although &quot;Crazy Mary&quot; may have copyright restrictions associated with it).  <br />Overall it's a good collection of songs but not something that really feels or flows like an album.  The previously unreleased songs &quot;Sad,&quot; and &quot;Undone&quot; and Christmas singles &quot;Strangest Tribe,&quot; &quot;Driftin,&quot; and &quot;Let Me Sleep (it's Christmas Time)&quot; make this album special.  <br />I would recommend it to any fan of Pearl Jam.  For the casual listener it's worth buying even if only to get the young Pearl Jam songs &quot;Yellow Ledbetter&quot; and &quot;Alone.&quot;
0385504209|1.0|The substance of this book distorts the basis of the faith of one of the great religions of the world, i.e., faith in the Divinity and Integrity of Christ. Much of the book depends on distorting the painting of the Last Supper. Was Leonardo da Vinci capable of this? Although a genius in many fields, he was not known for formal religious faith, but neither was he a religious fool. No, it was not da Vinci who painted Mary Magdalane into the Last Supper scene; he wouldn't have thought of it.<br />Dan Brown's fantasies did. Shame on you for your distortion of Christianity and for falsifying the history and intent of a great Church.<br />By the way, is that Dan Brown dressed up like Mona Lisa on the cover of the book?  Look carefully!<br />Yes, it DOES resemble him form the inside jacket cover; soft and femine, crossed over eyes, pasty complexion, and vacant eyebrows.<br />I think we have cause for a book here! \\"The Brownie Code!\\"<br />(The Autobiography of Dan Brown trying to become the next Mona Lisa)<br />I wonder if Dan could write it?<br />Probably! He does so well with fantasy.
B0000E2FLC|5.0|This dvd is the greatest.  I originally had the copy that was only sold in brazil, but now sony has remastered the audio and has done a new digital transfer for clearer picture on the dvd.  This is a must buy for any AC/DC fan.
B00005JMFR|5.0|10 years ago, no one had heard of the Matrix.  No one knew what bullet time meant.  No one knew knew who \\"the one\\" was, or ever watched Neo Anderson battle agents.<br />Well, that was 10 years ago, but since the Matrix came out back in the late 90's, it has truly become one of the most watched movies of all time.  A few months ago, we saw Matrix Reloaded.  Another great movie, continueing the story of Earth in a few hundred years.  Finally, Revoltions came out.  Simply put, the best of the 3, an incredible movie, great acting -even Neo this time-, and jaw dropping special affects.  Here's what I thought of the Matrix Revolutions.<br />1) The Story: *no spoilers* This movie continued the story of the Matrix, the people fighting it, and the lives of free humans fighting for their life.  At this point, Neo is an incredible fighter -both in and out of the Matrix-, and is madly in love with his girlfriend, Trinity.  There is a huge battle about to happen.  Morpheus believes that this is the battle that will end the war.  End the Matrix.  And finally free humanity.  But things are getting dark.  A huge army of Machines is heading toward the last free world, Zion.  Neo is confused and doesn't know what he, the one, is supposed to do.  Betrayals are being made, lives are being lost, and a great power is growing ever stronger in the Matrix.  When suddenly, the Machines are attacking Zion....<br />2) Special Affects: This movie looked stunning in every single way.  From showing us Zion to some of the big battles.  To seeing first hand the world of the Machines, and the beauty in which all life holds.  Seeing Zion under attack, the battles, all the Machines.  It was incredible.  It really made you feel that these machines were coming...coming for you.  Lord of the Rings like buildings and battles, this movie was just...incredible.  The bullet time action is back as well, and I still am amazed at some of the things the Matrix showed off.  A great movie, and the graphics don't hold back here...<br />3) Acting: This movie had the best acting of the 3 in my opinion.  Neo finally showed a little emotion in different areas, the love between Neo and Trinity is so strong on film.  Agent Smith, Morpheus, the Oracle, etc...  All play their parts to perfection.  If you liked the first two, or even just thought they were okay, this is a must see.  So much happens in this movie, and the acting, like everything else, is great.  If anything, see this movie to see Neo finally act!<br />4) Overall- This movie was just...incredible.  6/5 stars, it was perfect in every way.  Anyone not understand Reloaded?  This movie will fill in all the holes.  Wanna know what happends to Neo, Trinity, Morpheus, the Matrix, Agent Smith, Zion, and the world of humans and machines?  You have to see this.  And to see perhaps one of the coolest battles ever -for you action freaks like me-, this is just...awsome. <br />This is the best of the 3 by far, and if you -like i have said- loved the first two, or even just thought it was decent, The Matrix Revolutions is a movie you CAN NOT MISS!  Head to your nearest theatre and buy that ticket!  This is one of the best movies of the year.  Great movie, great conclusion, Matrix Revolutions simply is AWSOME!<br />Thx!<br />obryanstars*
0064407667|2.0|The Bad Beginning... well, it wasn't just a bad beginning. The whole time I was reading it I looked for the book to start getting better and it never did. Sure the age level is 9-12 and I am 15, but I have read reviews that said older children and adults would love it too. Lies. Maybe if you were my age and had a reading level of a 10 year old. Then it may have been ok. The overall idea of the story was good I thought, no happy endings. But the way the author wrote the book. I just really disliked the way the it was written and it was a waste of the 1/2 hour it took for me to read it all. I will not be reading any more of these books. And about some people comparing \\"A Series of Unfortunate Events\\" to Harry Potter! Please. Don't waste your time on this book if you are older than 12. Read Harry Potter of LOTR. Thank You.
0385504209|5.0|If your looking for intrigue,mystery, excitement and an extremely well researched read....look no further.  I read this book on a suggestion not knowing anything about the plot and was completely and utterly captivated.  You will find yourself racing to turn the page.  There were actually moments where I gasped out loud!!!  If your a die-hard religious fanatic some of the content may upset you...take this book with a light heart...its just superb!!!
B000056K04|5.0|This is the first Dave Matthews Band cd I bought.  I think that this is the cd that sucks you in, then you start listening to the older stuff.  Many hardcore fans dislike this cd, but I think it's a good album.  Especially for new dmb fans.
B00008J4P5|5.0|I own this in CD format and record. They just keep getting better and better...<br />I have nothing negative to say about this album. If you're looking for something unique with a fresh sound, this album is for you. The combination of Jack's one-of-a-kind voice and Meg's one-of-a-kind drumming this band will pave the path for more amazing garage rock to come...<br />If you do enjoy this album check out the previous albums, 'De Stijl' is probably the best...so raw so good!
B0000027RL|4.0|I realize I'm being hypocritical here, but i feel it should be said. Why are we using this as a message board to bash two very different but great bands? (Nirvana and Pearl Jam) I thought this was an area for reviews on albums? I'm getting so sick and tired of people wasting everyone elses time with such ridiculous bitching...Everyone has favorite and hated bands, so be it, but deal with it, and enjoy the music you like and stop forcing your opinions on everyone else. Grow up. As far as an album review, I like this album, it was an important album but i think it was merely a steping stone to greater records, such as Yield and No Code...
0792163710|5.0|After having only heard about this film, I bought this DVD and watched &quot;Shane&quot; for the first time recently. I have to say that this film deserves the reputation and all the positive reviews it has earned over the years; it is definitely a keeper that I will watch again and again over time. Ordinarily I haven't much cared for Paramount DVD's, as they are usually lacking commentary or other vital features, and their multidisk sets are typically ill-packaged, but I am very much satisfied with this release of &quot;Shane.&quot;<br />First, to correct the reviewer who complained that this DVD is &quot;pan-and-scan&quot; and missing part of the picture, this issue may be misleading. &quot;Shane&quot; was actually filmed in the Standard 4:3 ratio, not wide-screen; so the version on this DVD *is* the original aspect ratio, and with this disk you will be getting the entire picture. Early on, the studio tried to appeal to the emerging wide-screen trend at the theaters by converting the original  film to wide-screen by chopping off the tops and bottoms of the frame to make to fit that ratio; so, in effect, that was just as bad as pan-and-scan conversions going the other way. Second, this release also includes a fine commentary by the director's son (who worked on the film with his father) and the Associate Producer, who give valuable inside information about conscious decisions that were made to give the movie the look, sound, imagery, realism, and character developments that went in to make Shane the quintessential American classic that it is today.<br />I'm trying to catch up on good films from the past that I may have missed over the years. After hearing a local newspaper critic praise &quot;The Searchers&quot; recently, I went out and rented it and am glad I saw it, but I didn't think it was good enough for me to own and probably won't watch again. On the other hand, I heartily recommend &quot;Shane,&quot;  both the movie and the DVD package.
B000003N7K|5.0|By far the best alblum ever made in the Jazz world. Listen to it on Rhapsody...i did and bought it online.
B000001GS2|5.0|I can't believe it! Karajan never conducted a performance like this one. This is so different from other Karajan recordings. Karajan conducts the most exciting Pagliacci ever recorded. He must've assimilated his conducting to a new style. This is the fastest bell chorus ever recorded next to the naxos recording which might cost the same amount of money. At times the pace could be extremely fast and at other times the pace could be extremely slow. This is like recordings of modern music. Karajan's conducting is like Julius Rudel's on this recording of Pagliacci. The bell chorus sounds as it never sounded before. What a shame that nobody ever conducts like Karajan except for Alexander Rahbari.
B0000AUHPG|4.0|I picked up the UK release even though I reside in the U.S. It is beautiful and although it may leave you begging for more it could have been a lot worse. I think owners of this disk may want to investigate the possibility of supplements not listed (Easter eggs) I popped the disk into my computers dvd drive and somehow ended up viewing a newly designed film trailer which by the way was very cool. I am now wondering what other goodies may be hidden on the disk (or disks) we don't know about.
B00006EXL5|4.0|This guy said that the only reason these guys were signed was because Thursday got big. Well if you didnt notice, this cd came out in the 2002. Thursday didnt get signed with island records untill 2003 and came out with their cd in october of 2003. so this cd is not just an answer to thursday. this cd is a must buy because it has great gutar riffs and lyrics.
0784010188|5.0|Sequels are a large and largely ironic part of director James Cameron's film career.  There are those of us who remember one of his earliest films, &quot;Piranha Part Two: The Spawning,&quot; which was a sequel of sorts (same type of fish, but not the same fish), and he made two of the most successful sequels of all time in &quot;Aliens&quot; and &quot;Terminator 2: Judgment Day.&quot;  I was going to say that the irony extends to the fact Carmeron directed the most successful film of all time in &quot;Titanic,&quot; for which a sequel cannot be made, except &quot;Ghosts of the Abyss&quot; is out there in Omni-Max Theaters across the land and tends to subtract from the point.<br />Unlike Francis Ford Coppola who still had half of the origianl novel to work with, or George Lucas who was working on a trilogy (or Peter Jackson who is doing both), Cameron was faced with trying to build upon a pair of fairly success first features.  After transforming the &quot;haunted house&quot; movie &quot;Alien&quot; into a military movie with &quot;Aliens,&quot; Cameron starts with an equally significant change in the premise for &quot;Terminator 2,&quot; turning the T-101 from the villain into the hero.  When you are dealing with a machine it is just a question of reprogramming it accordingly.  Consequently, Cameron is basically able to repeat the entire opening of the original movie (two naked guys come from the future, one is good and one is bad) and then pivot the entire film on the basis of that one little change.<br />Now, you do not want to think about time paradoxes too closely because they tend to fly apart once logic or the laws of physics are invoked, but since the original T-800 failed to kill Sarah Connor the machines of the future and their overlord Skynet, send back a T-1000 (Robert Patrick) to kill John Connor (Edward Furlong).  Sending back a dozen Terminators of pretty much any model number would probably work better, but the idea here is qualitative improvements rather than quantitative (i.e., this is not &quot;The Matrix Reloaded&quot; with its infinite versions of Mr. Smith).  John is saved by another T-800 (Arnold Schwarzenegger) and proceeds to rescue his mother (a buffed up Linda Hamilton) from the crazy house, with the T-1000 in close pursuit.<br />The final significant difference between this film and the original is that Cameron and his co-writer William Wisher have Sarah Connor taking the offensive.  While the T-1000 is hunting mother and son, she is going to do her own manipulation of the time line by taking out Dr. Miles Bennett Dyson (Joe Morton), the scientist whose creative fingerprints end up being all over Skynet's creation.  Dyson is helped by having a couple of significant bits and pieces from the T-800 of the original film (which is where we get right into a &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; time loop, so let's just not go there).  For me, Dyson is the most interesting character in the story, and a clear break from science fiction film stereotypes in a whole lot of ways.<br />It is easy to get taken away with the special effects in &quot;Terminator 2&quot; because of the quantum leap that films took from the water tentacle in Cameron's &quot;The Abyss&quot; to the liquid metal of the T-1000, but the human dimension of the dysfunctional Connor family dealing with their particular fate in terms of future events.  The Terminator is now the father figure for John Connor, but the boy has a few lessons of his own to impart to his personal Terminator.  Of course, the &quot;Judgment Day&quot; sub-title is something of a misnomer give not only what happens in this film but in the 2003 finale to the trilogy, &quot;Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines,&quot; but this 1991 film (and all its myriad variations available on DVD) is a textbook example of how you can intelligently go about putting together a sequel in this genre that will make a lot of money and not insult fans of the original.ather than quantitative (i.e., this is not &quot;The Matrix Reloaded&quot; with its infinite versions of Mr. Smith).  John is saved by another T-800 (Arnold Schwarzenegger) and proceeds to rescue his mother (a buffed up Linda Hamilton) from the crazy house, with the T-1000 in close pursuit.  <br />The final significant difference between this film and the original is that Cameron and his co-writer William Wisher have Sarah Connor taking the offensive.  While the T-1000 is hunting mother and son, she is going to do her own manipulation of the time line by taking out Dr. Miles Bennett Dyson (Joe Morton), the scientist whose creative fingerprints end up being all over Skynet's creation.  Dyson is helped by having a couple of significant bits and pieces from the T-800 of the original film (which is where we get right into a &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; time loop, so let's just not go there).  For me, Dyson is the most interesting character in the story, and a clear break from science fiction film stereotypes in a whole lot of ways.  <br />It is easy to get taken away with the special effects in &quot;Terminator 2&quot; because of the quantum leap that films took from the water tentacle in Cameron's &quot;The Abyss&quot; to the liquid metal of the T-1000, but the human dimension of the dysfunctional Connor family dealing with their particular fate in terms of future events.  The Terminator is now the father figure for John Connor, but the boy has a few lessons of his own to impart to his personal Terminator.  Of course, the &quot;Judgment Day&quot; sub-title is something of a misnomer give not only what happens in this film but in the 2003 finale to the trilogy, &quot;Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines,&quot; but this 1991 film (and all its myriad variations available on DVD) is a textbook example of how you can intelligently go about putting together a sequel in this genre that will make a lot of money and not insult fans of the original.
B0000CAQ26|3.0|I was so excited for this album to come out. Her last album was so great and she deserved all the sucess that came with it. But this CD just isn't as a good. Humble Neighborhoods is a mess. Nice guitar work though. God is a DJ works as does Walk Away. I love the guitar break in Trouble and she just works that song. Try to Hard is the best Linda Perry song on the album. I wish she (Perry) would have written a song like Cruz for Pink. Cruz is a song on Christina's CD, probably the best on that album. But here we get the lame Catch me While I'm Sleeping. And what's all this I hear about this CD being punk? There IS a punk attitude on the cd but as far as the music goes, not so much.
B00005N5S5|5.0|Looking back almost twenty years to James Cameron's 1984 film, &quot;The Terminator&quot; almost seems quaint.  Given the special effects that would dominated not only its two sequels but just about every other big budget action film to come down the pike, there is an almost brutal simplicity to the original offering.  Lacking the computer generated effectives, more expensive production values, and the self-reflexivity of the two sequels, &quot;The Terminator&quot; simply strikes me as being the best of the bunch.  There was a lot of creativity and thought put into &quot;Terminator II,&quot; but this one has the better story.<br />If you think back to 1984 then what we have in this movie is a combination of key elements from &quot;Jaws&quot; and &quot;Halloween.&quot;  From the former we get the idea of a relentless killing machine that stops at nothing, while from the latter comes the fact that somebody who knows you is out to get you for reasons that you do not know and none of the tradition tools of persuasion, such as knives and automatic weaponry have any effect; like Michael Meyers this guy keeps getting back up.  &quot;The Terminator&quot; now acknowledges the work of Harlan Ellison, whose teleplays of &quot;Solider&quot; and &quot;Demon With a Glass Hand&quot; on &quot;Outer Limits&quot; are clearly antecedents for this tale, but in many ways Cameron's movie is a high-tech slasher film.  Keep in mind that his previous directorial effort was &quot;Piranha Part Two: The Spawning,&quot; and from this film he moved on to &quot;Aliens.&quot;  It was not really until &quot;The Abyss&quot; that Cameron's films started evidencing a sense of the truly poetic (then again, there is the Polaroid photograph in this one).<br />The premise is simple and direct.  Two naked guys show up in Southern California.  One of them tears a page out of the phone booth and starts killing women named Sarah Connor.  However, there is one more name and address on that list and she is the true target of what is happening.  By now both of the naked men are dressed and the other one saves her from the killing machine, at which point she finds out it really is a killing machine.  Not only that, it has been sent back from the future for the sole purpose of making sure she ends up dead.  Furthermore, it turns out the stakes are a whole lot higher than that as well.<br />Much is made about the title character being played by the (almost) current governor of California, and while this was certainly a breakthrough performance for Arnold Schwarzenegger (at least for those who never saw &quot;Pumping Iron&quot;), the story is still the more important element.  Cameron knows how to have exposition double up for explanation, especially when yelled by a character during a car chase, and that most of his audience are not hard-core hard-science science-fiction fans who enjoy a good time travel paradox narrative, whatever the problems in logic and physics.<br />As Cameron would prove again in &quot;Aliens,&quot; he knows how to push down on the pedal and pour on things at the end to give us the thrill of several &quot;what next?&quot; moments.  Also, he maintains the Dionysian sense of gloom until the end of the film.  In fact, that is true of the entire trilogy, which has ended the series without every providing a moment when the lead character and the rest of us can believe that things are going to be okay.true target of what is happening.  By now both of the naked men are dressed and the other one saves her from the killing machine, at which point she finds out it really is a killing machine.  Not only that, it has been sent back from the future for the sole purpose of making sure she ends up dead.  Furthermore, it turns out the stakes are a whole lot higher than that as well.<br />Much is made about the title character being played by the (almost) current governor of California, and while this was certainly a breakthrough performance for Arnold Schwarzenegger (at least for those who never saw &quot;Pumping Iron&quot;), the story is still the more important element.  Cameron knows how to have exposition double up for explanation, especially when yelled by a character during a car chase, and that most of his audience are not hard-core hard-science science-fiction fans who enjoy a good time travel paradox narrative, whatever the problems in logic and physics.  <br />As Cameron would prove again in &quot;Aliens,&quot; he knows how to push down on the pedal and pour on things at the end to give us the thrill of several &quot;what next?&quot; moments.  Also, he maintains the Dionysian sense of gloom until the end of the film.  In fact, that is true of the entire trilogy, which has ended the series without every providing a moment when the lead character and the rest of us can believe that things are going to be okay.
B00005JLF5|4.0|The first spin-off of TNG launched in a spectacular way. Opening with the Borg battle at Wolf 359 (from TNG's classic two-part episode \\"The Best of Both Worlds\\"), we are introduced to Lieutenant Commander Benjamin Sisko. He is the Executive Officer on the Saratoga when the attack begins, with Jean-Luc Picard -former captain of the Enterprise and now Locutus of Borg - leading the assault. And quickly, Starfleet discovers they are no match for the Borg. Forced to abandon his damaged ship, Sisko is able to save his 9 year-old son; his wife is tragically killed. <br />Three years later, we meet Sisko as a Commander about to assume the position of command of a former Cardassian space station Terok Nor -now renamed Deep Space Nine. Starfleet needs Sisko there to help prepare the Bajoran's for entry into the Federation. And a bitter single father soon discovers, his newest mission to aid the Bajor may have been written in the stars centuries before he was born.<br />DS9's first season, like TNG before it, had many high and low points. The 2-hour opener was a better pilot than TNG, and featured a better theme music. Almost from the start, this spin-off was going to way different from TNG. Where everyone on Enterprise were a happy family and conflict free, DS9 introduced conflict galore. Sisko and his first officer, Bajoran Major, Kira, butted heads from day one. And instead of solving that right away, it would take years for them both to come to an understanding.<br />Political intrigue and religion would be the series bread and butter over seven years and while it would take most of the first season to introduce these concepts, it still had a handful of stories that introduced you to the characters that populate this show. The first season would also feature a few familiar characters that were first introduced on TNG. The biggest, of course, was Colm Meany's Chief Miles O'Brien. Meany, a part of the Trek franchise since TNG opener, brought Miles over to become Chief of Operations. The Klingon sisters of Lursa and B'Etor -who were involved in several plots to take over their homeworld - visited DS9 in \\"Past Prologue\\" and popular character of Q would visit with Vash (TNG's Captain's Holiday\\" and \\"Q-Pid\\") in \\"Q-Less\\". \\"Battle Lines\\" would kill off the spiritual leader of the Bajoran's, and the late Brian Keith shines in the allegory episode \\"Progress\\". Even Majel Barrett's mostly annoying character of Lwaxana Troi would show up in \\"The Forsaken\\".<br />But perhaps, the highlight of season one is \\"Duet\\", a tightly plotted tale of culpability. Guest star Harris Yulin shines as a coward who personalized the guilt of an entire race. It was, perhaps, Nana Visitor finest hour as Kira, who realizes for the first time in her life that not all Cardassians need to be punished for their 60 year enslavement of the Bajoran's. <br />With the season finale, \\"In the Hands of the Prophets\\", the series long-overdue conflict between the tolerant Federation and the deeply spiritual Bajorans comes forward in a tale of intrigue, murder and philosophy. With this episode Oscar wining actress Louise Fletcher begins her recurring role of Vedek Winn, and chews the scenery and steals every scene she's in.<br />Over all, the first season was uneven, much like TNG. Still, with a last two episodes, the series proved it could be different and still be entertaining and keep with in Roddenberry's vision of a peaceful Federation.<br />But season two would begin to blur the lines...<br />To be continued.
0393307050|5.0|A movie that is adopted from a novel presents the eternal quandary as to whether you should read the novel before or after seeing the film.  However, with the release today of &quot;Master and Commander: The Far Side of World&quot; you have a unique opportunity to do both.  Although we have assumed this Russell Crowe film was an amalgam of the first and tenth novels in the series of twenty written by Patrick O'Brien starting in 1970, that is not the case.  The film is based squarely on &quot;The Far Side of the World,&quot; although certainly liberties have been taken with translating the work to the screen (the enemy ship is now a French vessel in 1805 durng the Napoleonic Wars instead of an American ship during the War of 1812).  This means that reading &quot;Master and Commander&quot; before seeing the film would actually work to your advantage, because you would then understand the relationship between &quot;Lucky&quot; Jack Aubrey and Dr. Stephen Maturin, which begins in this first novel.<br />On the first of April in the year 1800 two of the most important things in his life happen to John Aubrey, Esquire.  Not only is he appointed Commander of His Majesty's Sloop &quot;Sophie,&quot; but he makes the acquaintance of Dr. Maturin.  Aubrey, who is taller and broad shouldered, plays the violin, which the smaller Maturin plays the cello.  Aubrey is the embodiment of an English seaman while Maturin is an absent-minded intellectual.  Outside of their love of music there is little to recommend one to the other, but this is the beginning of one of the great friendships in literature.  Many times we will be reminded through these books that each is the other's particular friend, and that friendship begins here.  Consequently, you can read &quot;Master and Commander&quot; and it will enhance you experience of watching the movie because it provides all you really need to know about the back story concerning this deep friendship which is a recurring subtext of the film.<br />Aubrey's first command, H.M.S. &quot;Sophie,&quot; is an old, slow brig and unlikely to help him fulfill his dream of making a fortune in captured French and Spanish prizes, all of which are bigger and better than his small ship.  If there is a theme to this first novel it is the story of how Jack Aubrey came to earn the sobriquet &quot;Lucky,&quot; and how he pushed that luck right to edge, and a bit beyond.  In the telling of this tale O'Brian amply demonstrates both Aubrey's capacities and his vulnerabilities, both of which are explored in future volumes.<br />You have to think of this as a series rather than a novel, because after reading this book and seeing the movie you want to progress to the second O'Brian volume, &quot;Post Captain,&quot; and not skip ahead to &quot;The Far Side of the World.&quot;  This is not Horatio Hornblower; these Aubrey-Maturin novels were written in order and the first half-dozen volumes are the ones most grounded in naval history (O'Brian liked to take real engagements and add his characters and their ship into the mix).  For his 21st birthday I got my son the entire 20-volume series and one of the many excellent companion volumes that are out there.<br />Just be aware that if you get the movie tie-in editions of &quot;Master and Commander&quot; and/or &quot;The Far Side of the World&quot; that they are slightly larger than the standard paperback editions.  Consequently when they are all lined up on your bookcase having them is going to keep your collection from looking shipshape./>Aubrey's first command, H.M.S. &quot;Sophie,&quot; is an old, slow brig and unlikely to help him fulfill his dream of making a fortune in captured French and Spanish prizes, all of which are bigger and better than his small ship.  If there is a theme to this first novel it is the story of how Jack Aubrey came to earn the sobriquet &quot;Lucky,&quot; and how he pushed that luck right to edge, and a bit beyond.  In the telling of this tale O'Brian amply demonstrates both Aubrey's capacities and his vulnerabilities, both of which are explored in future volumes.<br />You have to think of this as a series rather than a novel, because after reading this book and seeing the movie you want to progress to the second O'Brian volume, &quot;Post Captain,&quot; and not skip ahead to &quot;The Far Side of the World.&quot;  This is not Horatio Hornblower; these Aubrey-Maturin novels were written in order and the first half-dozen volumes are the ones most grounded in naval history (O'Brian liked to take real engagements and add his characters and their ship into the mix).  For his 21st birthday I got my son the entire 20-volume series and one of the many excellent companion volumes that are out there.  <br />Just be aware that if you get the movie tie-in editions of &quot;Master and Commander&quot; and/or &quot;The Far Side of the World&quot; that they are slightly larger than the standard paperback editions.  Consequently when they are all lined up on your bookcase having them is going to keep your collection from looking shipshape.
B000002IZM|5.0|Vangelis has always been ahead of his time as a musical pioneering genius.This work still holds up astonishingly well from 1982 and will continue to stand the test of time. There is a multitude of other late 70's and 80's sci-fi film soundtracks and scores from other artists that sound very dated and contrived.Those scores will never reach the same cult and classic status or pinnacle as Blade Runner (like the film itself)!     While every critic has used terms like ethereal, mesmerizing, other-worldly, dream-like, etc., etc., one thing remains; This is the ultimate soundtrack for any future sci-fi film out there (some would claim maybe John Williams' Star Wars soundtrack is the king---but remember, we're talking electronic wizardry here, not symphonic or classical).     The bonus tracks not in the film are very intriguing and captivating in their own right and blend in so well with the on-film tracks. The strongest non-soundtrack tracks are the seductively hypnotic  Wait For Me and the melodically enchanting Rachel's Song. One can feel the tension or the build up in Blush Response with it's electronically thundering and repetitve clashing cymbals and slapping percussion(for those that remember the scene in the film this is where Detective Deckard is testing Rachel Tyrell to indulge creator Eldon Tyrell's purpose or point). Blade Runner Blues,Memories of Green and the Love Theme are the soothing jazz-like(\\"electronically warm\\"), melancholy counterpoints to some of the other tracks which paint a very dark and bleak and sometimes chaotic and menacing future world in 2019 drenched and flooded in cold night rain and hot neon-ad lights.Some of the dialogue used from the film on certain tracks adds an enhanced dream-like quality.Listen to the softly spoken words by the replicant Rachel (actress Sean Young)at the beginning of the track Wait For Me;They have a very soothing and calming or tranquil effect (sort of drowsy effect?). For me it's very reminiscent of when I dreamand hear people speaking in my dreams !  Listen to Deckard's dialogue on the first opening titles track; the words sound very hypnotic.He sounds like a hypnotist giving someone commands while they are under a trance(for those of us who have seen the film,we know Deckard is actually giving voice commands to a computer-photo/video enhancer called an Esper machine).Replicant Roy Batty's lines on the last track as he is \\"dying\\", Tears in Rain, as in the movie, concludes the whole soundtrack in a gentle and peaceful manner.In sum, Vangelis chose wisely which dialogue to use and for an excellent artistic effect...    Essentially, what you get from Vangelis is a richly and texturally painted musical sci-fi panorama that beneath it's cold synthesized surface (as described by some)emanates a sound of escapism that to this day is not duplicated by any other artist. It can't be. Hopefully, sometime in the near future, Vangelis will release/re-issue a definitive or complete Blade Runner soundtrack that WILL include the opening credits theme as well as some other vital pieces missing from this cd version (and no more bootlegs, but the real deal)! Even alternate tracks would be greatly welcomed. I can even wait until the year 2007 for a 25th Anniverary edition of both re-mastered dvd and soundtrack version of Blade Runner !
B000001DTM|5.0|In Defence of:<BR>SO CRUEL<BR>&quot;So Cruel&quot; alone is worth the price of this disc, and to those so-called music lovers and U2 fans who haven't grown to appreciate it, perhaps you never actually &quot;listened&quot; to it or gave it your full attention in the first place. Firstly, Larry Mullen's drums haven't been used in such an astonishing groove in a very long time...actually, his snare and hi-hat work alone make magic! Listen to that crisp hi-hat work, hit in a non repeating pattern with subtle nuances and accents added every other measure. On top of that, a light panning effect was added to make the hats dance from one speaker to the next, creating a breath-taking performance of its own. Larry's Crash cymbals sound like crystal and ice, shimmering in the background and cascading across the soundscape while a tasteful thump is added with the bass drum. Larry's snare gives the song's backbeat a commanding &quot;crack&quot; that coaxes your attention, that persuades you to listen intently and offer your emotions to the song's message. Adam Clayton's bass lines throb in time with Larry's backbeat, offering a melodic pulse that's reminiscent of his bass work in &quot;Bad&quot; from the Unforgettable Fire. Edge's piano work gives &quot;So Cruel&quot; a haunting personality. Bono's ghostly, smokey vocals add to that haunting beauty, making it an intangible, lucid piece of music. In my humble opinion, 6 minutes in length is too short for such a work of art. Epics have always been lengthy, and you can't imagine them cut any shorter. Beethoven's &quot;Moonlight Sonata&quot; is over 10 minutes in length.  Led Zeppelin's &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot; is 8 minutes. Dream Theater's &quot;A Change of Seasons&quot; is 22 minutes...just to name a few.<br />THE VOCALS<BR>People have complained that &quot;Bono doesn't really sing on this album.&quot; On the contrary, Bono's voice has never sounded so sultry, smokey or hypnotic as it does on tracks like &quot;So Cruel,&quot; &quot;One&quot; and &quot;Acrobat.&quot; It would be rather boring if Bono continued to push his high range a la The Joshua Tree and Rattle and Hum albums. Instead of soaring as he previously did, taking it to the church so to speak, Bono instead vocally and lyrically takes us into the solemn nightlife of an empty bar, vacant streets, an empty bed or a brooding heart.
B0000VCZK2|3.0|I work at a video store and was reading a review of this box set.  Get ready to be amazed people because this box set is designed to unfold in a way similar to how the Buffy box sets unfold.  When completely unfolded it reaches a little over five feet long.  Make sure when opening that you have a nice large table cleared.  I mean o.k. Buffy sets are six discs and even that's a little absurd, but five feet?  I really don't understand how this is going to work.  Anyway we all know that it's a great series with some of the movies being better than others.  My personal favorite is Aliens because that's the one I saw as a little kid and remember the best.  Oh well, Happy Unfolding.
B00005JLEU|1.0|This film was, without a doubt, the worst film I have ever seen. For one, the animation is crappy -- what happened to the inbetweeners? For two,the film goes on and on and on and makes no sense throughout! For three, the girl is just stupid. Half of her lines in the film are to scream and run forward. Then don't get me started on the mud bath sequence! What was the point of this film anyways!
B0000CFW87|3.0|Leave his voice alone. That is why people buy his music. <br />&quot;Caruso&quot; has been sung far better than this. It was painful listening to his version. <br />That said, his voice is still a stand-out in those tracks when you can actually feel his nuanced singing and not his yelling over the orchestration.
B000001Y2U|5.0|I heard only a few songs off of this album, and I knew right there that I just HAD to get it.. Most Artists out there have maybe 3 GREAT songs at the most on their albums, and when I heard all of the songs on here I was amazed. They are all amazing songs, and also the songs are good at bringing out your emotions and feelings... Listening to Man That You Fear just makes you think about everything, you feel comforted by that song when you're depressed.. Cryptorchild is a great song too. When you feel like killing someone or taking your anger out listening to angel with the scabbed wings, or Irresponsible Hate Anthem are great. But to sum it up, this album kicks ass and you should definitely buy it if you are ready to be obsessed and drawn in by his amazing work.
B00006LI4S|4.0|As is the habit of most artists nowadays to go unplugged,ever since the huge success that Eric Clapton had with his own version,David Gilmour's welcome comeback to live shows after few years absence,is largely an acoustic interpretation of classic Floyd songs, some solo numbers and a long overdue tribute to Syd Barrett.<BR>Being a huge fan of Pink Floyd for a number of years,I very much enjoyed watching this DVD, yet not without some mixed feelings about some of the songs.Overall,the  selection is great: Although Gilmour's voice seemed a bit tired, and not what it used to be,his bluesy playing was excellent.All the guest musicians are some of the best in the business, especially the long term Floyd collaborator Michael Kamen on piano, and the surprising appearances by Rick Wright and Bob Geldof.<BR>The best part of this DVD,(a very nice if a little weird choice,)was the French song Je Crois Entendre Encore, with its melancholic tune,soulful chorus, and Gilmour's best singing in this concert,it touched me deeply!<BR>Yet I was slightly disappointed with the heavy reliance on acoustic guitars.Yes to be fair,the concert was intended to be unplugged and it is refreshing to hear new versions of old classics, but with songs like Shine on Your Crazy Diamond, it would have worked much better if Gilmour used both guitars,like he did with Comfortably Numb(he could not replace some of his best solos for Floyd with acoustics).<BR>In some Floyd songs,the electric guitar is an integral part of the song and mixing the electric with the acoustic for some songs would not have compromised the purpose and spirit of this concert.<BR>Shine's acoustic intro was great yes,but it needed that extra electric touch to make the new version perfect.<BR>It leaves me to say how much Roger Waters departure from Floyd is missed.In all the Gilmour led concerts post Final Cut, the songs that Waters composed/cowrote are still what the fans really want to hear. You can tell by the huge cheers and applauses whenever Wish You Were Here or Comfortably Numb is played..The atmosphere and mood changes dramatically from enjoyment to a roar!<BR>Having said all that, this DVD is great nonetheless,(strangely though it has not been released on CD! which would have made an invaluable addition to Floyd/Gilmour collection),giving us fans the opportunity  to see one of the greatest musicians in rock history still doing what he knows best.
B00005JMFR|1.0|I only rated this one star because zero stars is not an option.<br />When I saw the first Matrix movie, I was totally impressed with the great special effects, the creative concept and the style and content invested into that work. I would give the original Matrix movie 5 stars readily.<br />The second movie, Matrix Reloaded, was a let down by comparison but still enjoyable. I would have given it 3 stars. I can accept this because sequels are seldom as good as the original. There were some nice concepts, but the emphasis shifted to a drastic degree toward more action and less cerebral stimulation. Still, some nice philosophical issues were raised that one might expect to be developed further in the 3rd movie.<br />Then comes this tripe known as Matrix Revolutions. I think they simply spelled Revulsion incorrectly. In this third effort, which I would give zero stars if possible, we are treated to a wonderland of action sequences that are impossible to enjoy with the screen flooded with flashy lights and strobe effects. These wash out or mask the lack of effort invested in CGI or special effects. Where quality is lacking, expect flash and glitter to replace good film making. The philosophical concepts raised in the first two films are abandoned entirely in an orgy of violent fight scenes. (some of which are played out for such long periods of time as to become boring.)<br />The first film was a treat for the senses and the mind.<br />The second was less creative and much less concerned about quality of script or plot.<br />For the third movie, you can relax and leave your brain at home.<br />Great for those recovering from the disco era, when mirror balls and strobe lights blinded us to the totally tacky and guady leisure suit and polyester shirts that passed for quality at the time!<br />And if you have a photosensitive neurological disorder, you definately want to skip this flick. The film simply isn't worth a visit to the emergency room or a stint in ICU!
B0000VCZK2|5.0|To give this monumental 9-dsic 'ultimate edition', a 1-star rating for a rant against double or triple dipping is just ridiculous.<br />First of all, this box set contains each 'existing' film of the Alien Saga in two viewable formats via 'seamless branching'.  For the first time ever, the viewer will be able to view either the theatrical version or the special editions of each film.  Oh, also, for the first time, you get feature-length commentaries on each film.<br />And if that's not enough, you get a extra disc of extras for each of the four films.  You get a load of retrospective docs and original docs detailing every thing you'd wanna know about these films, and probably stuff you'd didn't wanna know.<br />And as for the name \\"Quadrilogy\\", as opposed to \\"Tetralogy\\", each word in fact is acceptable to mean a series of four.  And as for revieweing an item before release date, try clicking your browser over to thedigitalbits.com to read their review.  They've had a copy for quite some time.
B000002H2H|5.0|Ride the Lightning...3 words of pure metal bliss.  From the opening chords of Fight Fire With Fire to the last note of The Call of the Ktulu, this album is jammed from top to bottom with some of Metallica's greatest material.  It only follows Master of Puppets, but blows anything else by any other metal band out of the water otherwise.<br />The masterful work of Cliff Burton shines on this record, most obviously on the opening bass solo of For Whom the Bell Tolls, as well as Ktulu.  Creeping Death is without a doubt an anthemic rock classic of epic proportions.  Want heavy?  FIGHT FIRE WITH FIRE!  The song crushes!  And then there is Fade to Black...the high point of the album, and my personal favorite song.  It is heavy, meaningful, and just masterful.  You will not find a more powerful song anywhere!<br />HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION!
B00005N5S5|3.0|It's is hard to imagine that someone has NOT seen this movie, so I won't write much about the movie itself, but the purpose of this Special Edition DVD. I don't know much about the technology behind digital remastering of the audio, but it just seemed to me that the sound effects of the movie were just recorded over the original sound. Anyone who's seen this film over a dozen times or less would immediately notice gunshots, crash scenes, and voices (screams) were replaced. They did a pretty good job with the new sound effects, but there are a few glitches where the main characters' voices got muffled a bit (because they get mixed in with the new sound effects) and the sound of bullet impacts did not match what was seen on screen. As we all know, movie audio is just as important as the video, but the worst part is, the sound effects weren't even that great...just the average KABOOM's and POW's of any regular film...I mean there is no improvement, just replacement.<BR>Being a die hard fan of The Terminator, it just bothered me a little that some sound effects were changed. It just didn't sit right for me or give me that same feeling it did almost 20 years ago. Luckily, it had the original Mono audio option that put the old sound effects in, so I was able to experience the original movie as it should be. Unfortunately, it didn't work through the 5.1 surround sound, of course. <BR>The \\"Terminated Scenes\\" really got my hyped. I don't know if they presented these scenes in any other version of Terminator, but I could not believe they left such crucial scenes out of the original movie! Well, I won't spoil it, but there are a few scenes that would have made Terminator 2 a complete, accurate sequel to this movie. And it would have REALLY made the movie have a complete ironic twist. <BR>My overall opinion is: If sound does not matter much, one must get this DVD for it awesome 5.1 feature. The deleted scenes included are great, if one has never seen them before.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This is an awesome CD and a must for any APC or Tool fans. I really like it, and it's great to listen to over and over...
B00005YW4H|3.0|One has reason to be confident that all is not lost in the mostly synthetic, plastic, disposable modern scene of popular music when the public embraces such a warm, low-key album (and lovely, talented artist) such as this.<BR> <BR>Still, &quot;Come Away With Me&quot; is overpraised. While the songs themselves are quite agreeable, the languid, slow-paced fashion in which they're all arranged makes them sound too similar to each other. Thus Ms Jones wears out her welcome about two-thirds of the way through the CD. Make no mistake, though - this gal's one to watch.
B000001EAQ|2.0|Here is the U2 album where the sound took over, and left the good songwriting behind. This is definitely not one of the Dublin band's best; one would have thought that - given four years between &quot;Zooropa&quot; and &quot;Pop&quot; - they'd reinvent themselves again. But they still revisit the same techno sound they first dabbled in on 1991's Achtung Baby, albeit this time with far less impressive results. <br />As a result, &quot;Pop&quot; largely failed with casual and faithful U2 fans alike, and thus the band tried too hard to win them back with their formulaic and over-commerical All That You Can't Leave Behind (2000).
B00009NOF4|2.0|The most overrated rock album of 2003. This talented band now seems more interested in being provocative and 'in-your-face' than being musical, and it's a shame. If you want to hear Radiohead at its peak, check out The Bends (1995) and OK Computer (1997). Don't waste your money on this tripe.
B000002JOH|5.0|***12/09/04***    Darrell 'Dime' Abbott    08/20/66 - 12/08/04    Why is it always the good ones?!?!?  You'll be missed bro...    ***12/09/04***      Somewhere in amongst my old hockey card collection, in it's own protective sleeve, is a signed (Dimebag) ticket when I saw them on tour for this album here in Phoenix at the Celebrity Theatre.  Also, somewhere there's a pack of \\"death smokes\\" (those of you who don't know, don't matter) that Dime threw at me during the show (yes, he threw them AT me...I was going apesh*t the whole show, hanging off a railing, air guitar and drums, all exactly on-time...the whole nine yards.  He loved that and he could see me because I was right in front of the mixing board which was probably no more than 80-100 ft. in front of them.) That tour would pretty much be the last of the small venues for them as they would later go on to play massive shows in Russia and all over the world.  White Zombie and Crowbar opened for them that day.  I never did see them live again although I kept buying their albums and to a certain degree I'm glad I didn't (see them again) because I was spoiled by that one show...it was amazing and you just can't duplicate the intensity of being so close to the band.  One of the funniest things I remember is maybe about halfway through the set Phil proclaimed he was gonna puke, to which the whole crowd started shouting \\"PUKE! PUKE! PUKE!\\" while he was hunched over on stage.  He never managed to, but the whole scene was something that would stick in anyone's mind this many years later.  Anyhow!    This is one of the best metal albums of all time and strangely (or maybe not) enough, the critics typically agree.  Vulgar Display of Power is the showcase of a metal band at a stage in its career where they're young, arrogant, full of energy and anger, with the touch of naive that all young bands have before they're stressed out with endless touring, interviews and all the other junk that begins to wear bands down.  To theircredit Pantera always did stay true to their music but there's always been something special about this album.  Even when songs started off like ballad's (This Love), it would end with a bone cruching riff that made you just want to break something (way before your time I might add, Mr. Durst) or like the cover shows, punch someone right in the face.  It was the ultimate anger management album for me in those angst-ridden teenage years and it's still an album that even though I haven't followed metal for probably around 6 years, I can still pick up and let loose with.  Dime's guitar work is superb and this would be the album that put him on the map as a guitar idol and make all us kids back then flip out like he did when he listened to VanHalen's 'Eruption' at the same age.  Vinnie's drums are brutal and Rex was the perfect backbone for them all.  Top it all off with Phil's vocal antics and they were another example of a band where the sum were greater than its parts.  Even though my penchant for metal has waned over the years I would still buy a new album from them because they were a great band.  It's sad when a good thing falls apart but it happens all the time.  Thanks for the memories, guys.    Standout songs (the whole album, to be honest...but these are my fav's):    1.  F*cking Hostile  2.  Regular People (Conceit)  3.  By Demons Be Driven  5.  This Love  6.  No Good (Attack The Radical)
0393314804|5.0|This is simply one of the best written, laid out, and especially entertaining books I've ever read. The best thing about Trainspotting is that it allows you, the reader, to see everything not only from Renton's eyes (as it was in the movie) but also all the other characters. And it's this that gives you that insight into how all the other characters actually think. So, when all these scottish people are talking to you they don't say, 'I drank down twenty beers and got drunk,' they say, 'Ah drank doon tweinty bevvs and got bevvied.' Other than the incredible writing, it's an overall cool story. The best part, is that it's not confined to one set plot. When hearing 'Trainspotting' you probably just thought about heroin. In truth, the book also has a whole lot about drinking in bars, getting along with 'yer mates' and just living. It's just a story about a bunch of guys, their problems, their needles, their beers and how they manage to get away with most of it. It's just a masterpiece! Also recommended: Survivor by Palahniuk, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez
B0000AXE8I|3.0|It's too bad, really.  I had hope.  But I simply don't see the need for this film.  The questioning and yearning of the first film is what made it so wonderful.   The sequel tried so hard not to be a smattering of special effects, but it failed.  <br />Most of the characters in the first film were asexual.  Cipher, the Judas of the group, was the only really libidinous character from the first movie.  His desire was portrayed as evil, and so he was killed (Mouse was killed, too for manufacturing the woman in the red dress).  Yet soon into the sequel is an uncalled for orgy; likewise, Trinity and Neo are all over each other.  These kinds of inconsistent thematic movements from the first to the sequel ruined the film for me.  The changes were not at all interesting.<br />This sequel also relied too heavily on telling rather than showing.  Remember the first film and the emotion in Morpheous' face when Neo asked him why his eyes hurt?  He looks sadly at Neo and tells him that he's never used them before.  Story, plot, emotion, etc. were well mixed in the first film.  Yes, the first film imparted much information to the viewer, but all of us felt like Neo: New to the ship and new to the real world, we needed an explanation.  The sequel doesn't have this grace.<br />Despite some fun fight scenes, this was a mediocre film.
B00005JM0B|4.0|Based on the other 400+ reviews, it's quite evident this movie is an awesome, action-packed movie and I agree 100%. It had good direction, well timed and thought out action sequences (unlike other action films where action sequences are overkilled--Matrix sequels), and well paced action and drama from the beginning to end. <br />Few things that bothered me of the movie, though:<BR>1. What was the purpose of the Katherine Brewster character? As far as the audience knows, she's Connor's wife and plays a key role in the resistance. OK...but what about the rest of the &quot;lieutenants&quot; in the T-X's hit list? Aren't they all just as important in the success of defeating the machines? I mean they had to be for such an advanced piece of technology to be sent back to rid them all. In my opinion, she was a very pointless character in the movie. You can take her out without any affect on the movie.<BR>2. That particle reactor that gave off the magnetic field (when John and Kate were heading for the airplane hangar)...it was so powerful the T-X could not move. A magnetic force that strong?...Hmm...wonder why the copper wiring in the C4 in John's backpack didn't stick...or even a belt buckle, the automatic Glock pistol, or that multi-tool from Gerber the T101 used to open his chest up to take out the battery. And which route did the T101 take to avoid the magnetic field to get to the hangar? Oh wait...I know, the T-X disabled the magnetic field with her cutting tool, T101 runs past her while she's 'recovering', and that explains how he got to the hangar before the T-X. Sure, why not?<BR>3. The timeline and John Connor's age really confused me... OK, according to the official Terminator timeline, T2 took place in 1995. That made John 10 years old at most. In T2, John's DOB was Feb 85. Then Judgment Day was scheduled in 1997. Here's the confusion: John said the second attack on his life took place when he was 13. So if he was born in 1985, it'd have to be 1998 for him to be13. Judgment Day was in 1997, Sarah Connors tomb read she died in 1997. Speaking of Sarah Connor, she was diagnosed with cancer and held on for &quot;three years&quot; according to John, meaning she was diagnosed in 1994? So did she have cancer in T2? <BR>Everything else can be explained since time lines are altered, even though some may raise questions as to why. For instance, why does the T101 look so old compared to the one in 1984? Obviously, in reality, Arnold isn't getting younger, but the extra feature (deleted scene) with CMSgt William Candy kind of explains it...even the Austrian accent, in fact. If Judgment Day was delayed, so would the selection of the human model T101 design, right? But then you ask yourself, &quot;In T3, CRS develops the T101, not Cyberdyne. So does that mean in the old timeline, Cyberdyne recruited CMSgt Candy (and the guy with the Austrian accent) in their private company to be the model for the T101?&quot;<BR>So my overall complaint is that you can explain minor flaws by saying, &quot;It was because the timeline was altered,&quot; but you cannot explain a person's age, why only the polyalloy stuck in the magnetic field, and how such key people in the resistance can be expendable. <BR>Ahh, one more minor complaint...how does a primary weapon of an advanced terminator go from an advanced particle weapon to a freakin' flame thrower? I just thought it was pretty lame.<BR>I have to admit, though, this movie was great. It had all the ingredients to eye-popping action and drama. Especially, the car chase scene...it was amazing! I would recommend this movie to a Terminator fan, or any action fan, any day...just ignore the minor timeline aspects.
B00005JM02|5.0|The issues revolving around a dead mother, a single father, and a handicapped son are treated with careful grace in this film.  The adversity the characters triumph is more personal than the creatures of the deep.  Learning to love as well as let a child live life despite the danger is powerfully difficult for many parents.  I also enjoyed how DeGeneres' fish wasn't exclusively comic relief.  The movie would have set a conflicting tone if the forgetful fish didn't find a way as well (I'm staying vague so as not to spoil the film).<br />The dangers of the deep are so well personified.  I love when the movie is able to stop and let us get to know the sharks and the sea turtles yet still keep the feeling that the story is moving.  The subtleties of plot are as beautiful as the scenery.<br />It's difficult to write happy stories.  This is one of the best ones I've ever encountered.
B000006TRV|5.0|This is just absolutely so creative, especially in context of the live show (which came first).<br />Unfortunately, a lot of it will indeed be &quot;boring&quot; to some, because there are many instrumental parts.  Pink Floyd music is very &quot;visual,&quot; meaning it all basically has to be listened to as a film score.  The listener has to be able to visualize settings, plot, camera movement, editing, etc.  One must have a very creative mind to fully enjoy the impact of something like this.  (The actual movie cannot do it justice of course.)<br />The concept remains just vague enough that it can be personalized for each listener, and not over-explained which could be cheesy.  The album knows when to reduce the concept to something simple like the actual wall, and when to expand into more complicated areas.  The whole structure is interesting in the way the &quot;plot&quot; isn't linear, but jumps back and forth from the future to the past and to the present, as well as to apparent pseudo presents/pasts/futures.<br />The closest thing I can think of to this album is The Who's &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; (another brilliant rock opera which &quot;Wall&quot; fans would probably love), though the concept doesn't get developed quite as much as it does here.  The Wall will probably never be matched.
B0000067L2|3.0|Buscando en distintas fuentes, parece no haber dos opiniones respecto a Disraeli: todos lo alaban sin reparos, colocndolo a la misma altura de los 3 gigantes del 67 ingls (Pepper, Piper y Experienced), enfatizando que se trata de una alucinante mezcla de blues, hard y sicodelia, donde cada uno de los tres brilla y abre fronteras en su respectivo instrumento... al final el asunto es un tema de gustos y contra eso poco se puede hacer. Triste sera si todos estivieramos de acuerdo respecto a cuan bueno es este disco.<br />Primero, la guitarra de Clapton me parece slida pero nada tan espectacular como se dice. Uno que otro efecto destacado por ahi pero estamos en 1967, y la competencia es Hendrix. No se trata tampoco de quien hace ms locuras y ruidos (para eso estn los discos en vivo), pero por ms que lo escucho Clapton sigue sin impresionarme en lo absoluto al menos ac. Bruce y Baker pueden ser grandes msicos, nadie lo duda y menos yo que no lo soy, aunque por una extraa razn su ejecucin tampoco me resulta del otro mundo. No se que entender el resto por variado, pero me parece que el tono del disco es bastante uniforme, blues por aqu, hard por all (hard pero no tanto), sicodelia por otro lado (liviana en todo caso). Pese a que pude parecer un contrasentido, Disraeli es un buen trabajo, pero que sin tanto elogio podra pasar por lo que es: un correcto disco en un ao bastante generoso en obras de alta calidad
B0000AR8NK|4.0|I Think is pretty much unfair and definitely not objective the treatment received by this record off the latter reviewers. Everybody should admit that ANY artist, regardless of style or age,  has not only the right to reinvent himself, but to drive himself and/or his art in any direction he wants. Public reaction tends to be utterly cruel, and so has happened with this album critics.<BR>I think &quot;Reality&quot; is in some extent a mature Bowie, when everybody seems to be ever-wanting the old-drama-glam-queen that he once was, and does hem has not the right of spinning his career or style in any direction. Being eclectic is at the same time mature, and DEFINITELY classy, for further reference &quot;Bring me the disco King&quot; is BY FAR one of the most gorgeous songs ever written... it does not has to be complex to be good... as some may think. One star less, tho, for some minor details regarding the sorting of the songs in the cd (IMHO I would have tried a different sorting order),  or some arrangements (specially the endings on some ongs) which does not make the whole concept poorer or richer, but just... different.<BR>It is part of the diversity, after all...
0800177363|4.0|\\"Awakenings\\" is one of those movies that will touch most of the people due to the situations that the film shows. The movie is based on a book written by real-life neurologist Oliver Sacks, represented in the movie as Dr. Malcolm Sayer, played by Robin Williams. This is the story of a group of catatonic people living in the `60s, and the struggle of Dr. Sayer to save these people.<br />It's really a shame that diseases like this can destroy the ability to fulfill the hopes and desires of the human beings, and \\"Awakenings\\" superbly captures on-screen the pain and suffer of the relatives of the affected people that can't fully enjoy their physical abilities.<br />\\"Awakenings\\" displays excellent performances from Robin Williams, in one of his finest performances, and the magnificent Robert De Niro as well. However, the movie wouldn't had the same impact if the supporting cast wouldn't delivered such fine performances as they did on \\"Awakenings\\", everybody on this movie contributed to print a remarkable realism to the movie.  <br />\\"Awakenings\\" is a film that will provoke several feelings, will provide clean entertainment and will make people reflect about the value of life, because the human life could be limited or finished at any time.
B000001Y2U|5.0|This album is worth every penny. This album's music is bursting with such power, and even if the lyrics were changed it would still be an amazing album. If one listens closely, the songs are more about betrayal, depression, hypocrisy, and taking control of your life(Reflecting God). They are not satanic. <BR>No one is going to hell for buying this album. This album rocks for the unexplainable gravity of the music that it holds. This is THE MOST ROCKIN', IN YOUR FACE, DARK, DEPRESSIVE, EERIE, AND ENERGIZING album I have ever listened to. It gives you chills. If you are a person who &quot;FEELS&quot; the music as well as listen to it, you will enjoy this album on an entirely different level as well. <BR>This album is a true classic for our dysfunctional generation. Since its release in '96 the music has not gotten old, even after hundreds of plays. It gives you weird senses of grandeur and power. <BR>BOTH the music and lyrics transcend the label &quot;christian&quot; or &quot;not&quot;. People can take Marilyn Manson's lyrics the wrong way, and if you're a person who closely analyzes lyrics of songs, don't buy this album for two reasons: if you agree completely with all the lyrics, you should take some prozac... if you disagree with all the lyrics, you should have bought the Creed album.<BR>Yes. Marilyn Manson is synonymous with cult-like following, but you don't HAVE to buy black hairdye and lipstick to be a fan of this CD. I can guarantee if you like powerful rock, you WILL like Antichrist Superstar. Aren't you at least CURIOUS why Manson has such a following? CHECK IT OUT!
B00005JM6E|4.0|THE FOUR FEATHERS has been translated to the big screen in a lot of opportunities, but without a doubt the 1939 version directed by Zoltan Korda is by far the best. Its spectacular cinematography surely was a big influence for David Lean when he created his masterpiece LAWRENCE OF ARABIA. Naturally, THE FOUR FEATHERS deserves an adaptation on the best home video format: the DVD.<br />THE FOUR FEATHERS is the story about the human fears, and the ability to gain courage to defeat those fears and fulfill goals. Also, the movie shows situations when the love and the loyalty help to defeat our fears and insecurities.<br />This movie has an excellent photography that captures spectacular landscapes and very realistic battles. The performances are good, too. Without a doubt, Zoltan Korda did a great job with this film.<br />Recommendable for all the novel fans or the fans of the even more spectacular movie LAWRENCE OF ARABIA.
B00005JM0B|4.0|If you don't like this DVD, I'd just tell you to &quot;talk to the hand&quot;.<br />I'll limit my comments on the movie itself, since everybody has probably seen it by now, to saying that the &quot;R&quot; rating is mostly due to the fact that the terminators materialize w/o clothes.  The violence itself probably isn't enough to move it past the PG rating.<br />The DVD does have some very well-done specail material...<br />The &quot;Sgt. Candy&quot; scene is required viewing for terminator fans - it is both amusing and answers a few lingering questions about the terminator - it probably should have been included in the movie itself.  There is also an intro by Ahnold himself and a documentary that are worth viewing.  There is a short, well-produced gag reel complete with music and a few effects.  My favorite gag is the terminator walking through the military compund, machine gun in hand, puffing on a huge Ahnold-signature cigar.  There is also an enticing preview of the T3 computer game that is enough to make one want to check it out.  Other DVD featurettes and supplementing material are:  visual effects segment, skynet database, terminator timeline, storyboards, dressed to kill (wardrobe featurette), toys in action (about T3 action figures), and french subtitles.<br />The movie I rate at 3.5 stars, the DVD package as a whole gets a 4 stars since it is so well produced.  This would make a good Christmas gift for a T3 fan.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Mechanical Animals focuses primarily on Mansons old drug addictions (about 99.9% of the album is about drugs). Manson's just taking a break from his themes of Anti-Christian rock and violence/... to talk about all that he and his band have been through i.e. drug addictions, M. Manson being blamed for the collumbine inccident, and all the pressures of being famous. This is one of his albums (like Portrait Of An American Family) which you either Love or Hate. I, for one... LOVE IT!!! The tracks on this album are slow, yet catchy. Here's my two cents... <br />Great Big White World - My favorite song on the album! Great Lyrics, Guitar, And Keyboard! 6/5<br />The Dope Show - On of Manson best!!! An instant classic!!! 5/5<br />Mechanical Animals - Another favorite, great lyrics! 5/5<br />Rock Is Dead - Very catchy, sound great live. 4/75/5<br />Dissasociative - The intro has a neat techno/folk theme, It's another good one. 4.5/5<br />The Speed Of Pain - A slow very techno song, but not at all like \\"Cryptorchild\\" (from Antichrist Superstar) One person said this is Manson's best song. I don't know how He figured that. This song gets a little annoying after a while. 4.25/5<br />Posthuman - Very up-beat, but weird guitars. 4/5<br />I Want To Dissapear - Simular to \\"Posthuman\\", but noe techno 4.5/5<br />I Don't Like The Drugs (But The Drugs Like Me) - HELL YEAH!!! The 2nd best song! Great lyrics, female back-up the vocals. Funny music video. 6/5<br />New Model No. 15 - A very meaningful song, despite the title. One of my favorites. 5/5<br />User Friendly - A nice song about how Manson is tired of being \\"Used\\", NO, IT'S NOT ABOUT INTERNET PORN!!! 4.75/5<br />Fundamentally Loathsome - A slow ballad, for some reason the insterments remind me of \\"Dope Hat\\" even though their nothing alike. 4.5/5<br />The Last Day On Earth - A great song about..well...you know... It's sort of like \\"Great Big White World\\" part 2. 5/5<br />Coma White - *sniff* Who would dare to say Marilyn Manson isn't an emotional guy after listening to this!? This wonderful song is based on one of Manson's friends who commited suicide. 6/5<br />Overall...<br />If your a new Manson fan, I reccomend the albums Portrait Of An American Family, Antichrist Superstar, Holy Wood, and The Golden Age Of Groutesque. But this album blows Antichrist Superstar out of the water, in fact this is my favorite Manson album! And thats all I Have to say about that... fin
B0000DIXRU|4.0|I have to admit, when i first listen to this album, I felt a bit disapointet, the songs all seemed soft and long. It was not the Anathema record I haved waited for. But my own excpextation was on another level, I have waited for a harder sound in this record than was delivered. This is a \\"new\\" Anathema, new sound. They haven`t forgot their roots  and influences but they have come much more melancolic, deeper and it`s a rare quietness in the sound. But it shows that this band have grown to another level an their destination is not set.They use all their old matrerial and turn it on to something new and fine. They have got back the clear sound that they have on judgment, not so unclear and fuzzy it`s on ....Exit<BR>more like you have enteret a quiet rom there is a old man who is sitting telling mellow stories about life, feeling and reflections.  It`s not easy listening, it takes time to get there and it`s not a record you come truly with on the first cople of times you listen to it. But it grovs and getting better and more understandebal after some listening. The guitar is more clear sounded on this record, except on some track there is slide guitar and some fuzzy guitar but not like  ....exit ,there it was fuzzy guitars all over the record. Mellow singing except on  two thousand meters a second, but that song is about panic, fear and hysteria out of controll,so the sound and singing reflexs that,and is the hardest song on this record. The song A natural disaster is song by a woman, and mayby it reflexs that it is mother nature who speak to us. A fine mellow melodie with some gotic influences, great guitar playing with good harmonies.<BR>On .....Exit the whole theme was the record, a long storie. In this record each song is a different storie and tell you another history. It took me some time too understand this album, I hear new details in everytime I listen to it now and I think it shows what a great record this really is.
0671027344|5.0|The entire book revolves around Charlie's life; how his friends around him are, and how they betray him, his family and how much he values all of them. This book really has two different plots going for it at once. There are the scenes with friends (Sam and Patrick) and then the scenes with Charlie and his family. Now, in my opinion, the Sam and Patrick plot is more effective and worth while in this book and the family chapters were sentimental, but did not catch my interests nearly enough. I guess I look for stuff that I can relate to as a teenager and the high school plot is easier to follow. I also loved reading about Charlie learn about romance. Anyway, before I give anything else away, I give this book 5 big stars. It's rare that a book can hold my attention these days. This novel held my attention -- and made me very happy. Let me share the news about 2 other great books that I bought over Amazon.com: Dogrun by Nersesian, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez. These 3 books make up my new &quot;home library&quot; and I know I'll read them again and again. Coming from a big non-reader, that statement is pretty scary.
B0000DBJDM|4.0|shame on you maben! you create something so beautiful with one hand, and you destroy it with the other! i had this concert on video for a few years now, and never once has dust settled on it, because it was always being watched! and when i heard it was going to dvd i was over the moon, i pictured great extras, picture and sound so sharp, you'd cut yourself off it! to a certain extent thats all there too, but the essence of what made this film great is gone! SIMPLICITY!.. not the music, but the way it was captured, simple, raw.....BEAUTIFUL! a pink floyd fan.. wants to see and hear pink floyd! simple as that.. give that, and any fan will be happy! the vhs version i owned (with the DSoM interviews) had that and it was seriously the most valuable thing i owned because of it! if this dvd didnt have the full untouched version in &quot;features&quot;... id seriously wonder if id ever watch it again! but because of it.... i love it... and id recommend it to anyone! i just hope the pulse, and delicate sound of thunder dvds dont have any pointless and unrelated rubbish on em!   <br />     just one mans opinion,<BR>               ringo!
B000060P79|4.0|This CD isn't the best I've eer heard, but it is a fun CD o listen to whenever.  It will cheer you up when your upset, provide a good soundtrack for a good mood, or let you just jump around your room.  I love to listen to this when I'm getting ready for parties.  In general, it is a very catchy CD and you will have it on repeat for weeks. I love &quot;Grow Up&quot;!!
B0000CFW87|5.0|Closer is different than Josh's self titled album, seeming to lean more toward pop while his first album leaned more toward classical.  Josh takes a few chances here and the range of songs is interesting.  I was especially startled (in a good way) by &quot;My Confession,&quot; &quot;You Raise me Up&quot; and &quot;Remember When it Rained,&quot; English language songs with a very different feel than ones like &quot;Vincent&quot; or &quot;To Where You Are.&quot;  Even the foreign language songs in Spanish and Italian (and French too I think on this album) are far from rehashes of the same old thing (not that Josh's music ever gets old.)  I think this is wonderful as artists should explore new avenues.  I especially admire Josh's song writing ability on &quot;Remember When it Rained.&quot;  I like that he took that step.  It's one more thing that tells me he's going to be around a while.  Closer is a lovely album, the best I've heard in a long time (or at least since Josh's first release.)
B00005JLYW|2.0|Okay, first of all I really liked the first one.  In this movie there is no story, and it really is all about sex, the jokes, the costumes, everything.  I like the concept of girls kicking butt, but this whole movie was about the sex appeal of the stars.  Even the jokes were about sex and disgusting.  Add to that the ridiculous Bosley and this movie is not worth your time.
0140013997|4.0|My Family and Other Animals is a bare-bones story in terms of plot. The Durrell family goes to Corfu, lives through what could be termed as a soap opera, and leaves. It's humourous, but not particularly challenging. <br />However, the older Gerald Durrell utilises vivid vocabulary over and over when describing the setting and people of Corfu. Fifteen-letter words that paint a crystalline picture are used frequently, relieving the never-ending roller coaster that is the life of the Durrells.<br />Overall, this is a highly entertaining book that will keep you engaged for the week or so that you will spend reading it every spare second you have.
B00005QHPQ|5.0|I really love the sound & the direction that Enrique took with this album. \\"Hero\\" was a great choice as first single & is very heartwrenching. The Spanish version is equally as good. His voice is so soothing & sexy at the same time. You can really tell he means what he is singing about. Other album favorites of mine are \\"Love 4 Fun\\", \\"Escape\\", \\"Maybe\\" & \\"I Love To See You Cry\\". This album is a genious when it comes to the sound, the lyrics & the vocals. In all these ways, this album is complete. It's a great album to play on a road trip or just on a long, stressful day when you need to relax. Go pick up this album & Enrique's new album \\"Seven\\". Because as good as this one is, I've heard his new one & it's even better.
B000089RVX|5.0|I've gotta say, when i first heard &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot;, i loved it, but i thought that Evanescence would be one hit wonders. However, a friend told me the album was amazing, so, even though i had heard just the one song, i bought it...<BR>And i was pleasantly suprised...it is absolutly amazing. Amy Lee has the one of the best voices i have ever heard. Yes, on some of the rockier tracks they sound a little like Linkin Park, but there is such a range of songs on this album that i don't think they can be compared to anyone.<BR>Any one who says this album is rubbish has got to be someone that likes rap such as 50cent and sean paul....enough said! Either that or they have bizarre taste in music, i can think of very few music &quot;types&quot; who would not like this!<BR>So all in all, an excellent album, buy it NOW!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I am a huge fan of The Beatles and have this this CD at home! I love almost all of the songs that are in the CDs.  I do know that the Yellow Submarine is really popular because they have a &quot;movie&quot; to the Yellow Submarine at the St. Louis Science Center one day....they do not have it anymore.  I am just letting you know.  It was a great movie and the best!!!! If you are still at big Beatles fan, PAUL MCCARTNEY sings his on CD albums now and so does the second Beatles.  They have two of them left.  I hate when it damn stupid people are crazy enough to kill them and it is just not right and him/her should be put in jail for doing that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000CAQ27|5.0|I loved Can't Take Me Home&quot; that was like one of my fave albums...I am a huge fan of pop and R&amp;B music and I reallyu can care less for rock music... So when missundaztood came out i was surprisewd i liked 13 out of 14 tracks on that album..Not as good as her debut but it still really good...When I first hear trouble on the radiop I hated it I thought it was just to loud and stupid the way i feel about all rock songs...But pink can sing unlike most other rock singers who just scream so i didn't total lock her out.,. Trouble grew on me and is currently a fave of mine.<br />Anyways I bought the album and I put it on right when I gotr in my care. I listend to God Is A DJ cause I knew it was gonna be her 2nd single sop I wanted to se how it was and I liked it its acctually kinda poppy like her older stuff but still had the rock edge... After that It didnt seem like I could get into any of thew songs except #8 save my life..That song grabbed me roight away and I fell in love with the words the beat and her voice in it..<br />Then a couple days of playing this cd non stop I like all the songs a lot.. My faves are OH MY GOD, TROUBLE, SAVE MY LIFE, HUMBLE NEIGBORS AND LOVE SONG... then hidden song HOOKER is fun but not single worthy so i&quot;m glad its a hidden track..<br />plus if you get the cd early u get the dvd which has a cool interview with pink about all the songs the album and all that....if you liked her first album the best this album has more songs that u will like than missundaztood had cause she gopes back to talking about love on some of these tracks...it will take a few days to get into it but once you do its alot of fun...<br />1TROUBLE(9/10)<br />2GOD IS A DJ(9/10)<br />3LAST TO KNOW(9/10)<br />4TONIGHTS THE NIGHT(9/10)<br />5OH MY GOD(10/10)<br />6CATCH ME WHILE IM SLEEPIN(10/10)<br />7WAITING FOR LOVE(10/10)<br />8SAVE MY LIFE(10/10)<br />9TRY TOO HARD(8/10)<br />10HUMBLE NEIGHBOR(10/10)<br />11WALK AWAY(9/10)<br />12UNWIND(9/10)<br />13LOVE SONG(10/10)<br />14HOOKER(HIDDEN TRACK)(9/10)<br />TOTAL 131/140 94%ADEN TRACK)(9/10)<br />TOTAL 131/140 94%A
B000002UB3|4.0|It is a very a-okay music.  I have two of The Beatles CD at home.  I have Abbey Road and Beatles 1.  I love the Beatles 1 so much! Abbey Road is starting to get some listening to.
B0000CFW87|5.0|If you liked Josh Groban's first CD...this is no dissapointment.  This CD is exceptional and just as powerful as the first...maybe even better.  The songs are great and he even wrote a few.  He doesn't let you down with his talent and he  expresses it with beautiful lyrics and mixes of different types of music.  Worth the money!
B000002UAU|4.0|Here we go again! Here's me the same huge the Beatles fan writing a lotta review for the Borders place.  I haven't been able listen to the music but I think it will be a good one though.
0553213105|5.0|In my view,I think Jane Austen is a very successful author and I enjoy reading her book very much.For example,Persuasion, Sense and Sensibility,especially Pride and Prejudice.All are very perfect works but Pride and prejudice has always been the most popular of her books.And this novel is now available in new movie version.I think it must be very exciting.<br />Pride and Prejudice is widely-read and well-loved.The story is about the love between Elizabeth and Darcy and it is really romantic which readers can easily fall into the role and know their feeling.Also,this book is centrally concerned with personnal happiness and Elizabeth's marriage to Darcy-tall,handsome and rich man-is the stuff of wish -fulfilment.<br />If you want to know more about the story,you must read this book&quot;Pride and Prejudcie&quot; as soon as possible.Because it is really a wonderful fiction and a romantic love story.hope you enjoy this nice book.Thank you!
B00009TB5G|5.0|Listen people. For those who rate this movie 1 star have no brains. This film is the best, not to mention that the return of the king will be better. The acting is so good. This is 10 times better than Matrix reloaded and any other films. Peter Jackson did a very good job making it. SO GET THE MOVIE.
B0000508U6|5.0|This album inspires me. It intrigues the drums of my ears. I love it! Poor, wholesome Coldplay has been subject to the selection of pop music. But they aren't pop! They are so much better than the newest musical artist that is displayed over radio by (obviously)popularity, even bribary. I think people who listen to Coldplay should understand who these guys are. And a great way of truly getting to know what they're made of is by listening to this album.
B0000CFW87|5.0|This is truly beautiful music.  Josh's 1st album was surprisingly wonderful.  This is even better.  Beautifully poetic and peaceful music.
B00005OM4N|1.0|This music is disgusting. I don't understand how a female can be chauvinistic, but it happened. Please take my helpful advice when I say do not help Britney's profits! She has put you in a trance. Get out of it, it isn't a good one. Don't waste you're money, not to mention your well-being.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|Following the phenomenal success of the 1999 film &quot;The Matrix&quot;, Andy and Larry Wachowski returned to write and direct the much-anticipated 2003 sequel, &quot;The Matrix Reloaded&quot;.  Returning to their previous roles are Keanu Reeves as &quot;Neo&quot;, Carrie-Anne Moss (who played Natalie in the 2000 film &quot;Memento&quot;) as &quot;Trinity&quot;, Laurence Fishburne as &quot;Morpheus&quot;, Gloria Foster (1933-2001) as &quot;The Oracle&quot; and Hugo Weaving as &quot;Agent Smith&quot;.  Hugo Weaving is also well known for his portrayal of &quot;Elrond&quot; in the &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; trilogy (2001-2003), as well as playing drag queen &quot;Mitzi Del Bra&quot; in the 1994 Australian film &quot;The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert&quot;.  Several newly introduced characters in the sequel include Helmut Bakaitis as &quot;The Architect&quot;, Randall Duk Kim as &quot;The Keymaker&quot;, Harry J. Lennix as &quot;Commander Lock&quot;, Jada Pinkett Smith as &quot;Niobe&quot;, Harold Perrineau Jr. (who played the poetic Prisoner #95H522 Augustus Hill in the 1997-2003 HBO series &quot;Oz&quot;) as &quot;Link&quot;, Anthony Zerbe (whose first big screen role was &quot;Dog Boy&quot; in the 1967 &quot;Cool Hand Luke&quot;) as &quot;Councilor Hamann&quot; and Lambert Wilson as &quot;Merovingian&quot;.<br />As with the 1999 &quot;The Matrix&quot;, the special effects used in &quot;The Matrix Reloaded&quot; are phenomenal.  Some of the best include Neo's battle with the multiple Agent Smiths, the sentries, Neo's ability to fly in the matrix, the freeway scene and Trinity's fall.  As for the plot, Neo has a recurring dream of Trinity battling an agent inside of the matrix.  He and Trinity are madly in love with one another.  Morpheus is steadfast in his belief of The Oracle, which doesn't set well with his commander, Commander Lock.  Not seen previously in the first 1999 film is the city of Zion, an underground human city that exists outside ofthe matrix and the machines that control it, but the machines are determined to destroy Zion and its free inhabitants.  While the machines unleash an all-out attack upon Zion, Morpheus, Trinity and Neo venture back into the matrix to obtain what they believe is vital information from The Oracle to the dismay of Commander Lock.  Along the way, Neo (and the audience) learns much more about the nature of the matrix, it's architect and the many programs that appear human still operating within the matrix, but not under its direct control.<br />The plot of &quot;The Matrix Reloaded&quot; is arguably somewhat weaker than the original 1999 film &quot;The Matrix&quot;, but the sequel serves its purpose well of both continuing and expanding upon the original story.  The overall story is very similar to Buddhist belief in questioning the nature of reality: the physical world is essentially an illusion, and that each individual must awaken from a dream-like state (i.e., unplugged from the matrix) to obtain enlightenment to see the true nature of reality.  Overall, I give &quot;The Matrix Reloaded&quot; a 4-star rating.  It is a very entertaining and engaging film, but the first twenty to thirty minutes could have been hastened a bit.
B000002LQR|5.0|You've got RHCP's three main CDs: By the Way, Californication and Blood Sugar Sex Magik. By the Way is a more mystical, relaxed expression of what these men are made of; Californication is their modern version of crazy rock; Blood Sugar Sex Magik is just funky and stupid. This CD is funky and stupid in a way that the music flows into your ears, creating a massive urge to dance, which then creates a feeling of being free and satisfied. If you're a person that's identified as weird, try this album, it may do you some good.
B0000C7PQK|2.0|I am very Disappionted In this CD. This just is Not Enigma.<BR>Don`t Buy This get the greatest hits CD Instead.
0613237706|1.0|Neil Gaiman is certainly talented in a WRONG WAY. He just doesn't know what real fantasy is. And, if he doesn't know the right words to say about something, he'd better keep mum than use wrong words to defile true beauty of life. Tell him to come back when he is good enough.<br />Michael Lloyd
B00008DDXC|5.0|If you like the books you will like Harry Potter the second Part in movie. He's back with more fun and action. The harry Potter books wrote by J. K. Rowling love by everybody around the world. And so was the movie. As both of the movie rank the top ten. <BR>If the next movie was out I will see it. it's very different to see it in movie than to read it in book. in movie you see live actions and magic comes true. The books are good too. <BR>It's much better than Load of the ring, because the Load series are too old fashion. Also the pictures really sucks.
0783226837|5.0|I thought the movie was great!Kevin Bacon,Fred Ward, Michael Gross,And Reba McEntire!The other actors not as well known,made it seem really like a small town in nevada.The story was a little un-beliveble,but it turned out to be great.The whole town trying to get to higher gound,brought suspense throughout the movie.Also comedy made the movie even better,especially between Bacon and Ward.I liked it so much I now have a site you can visit for more information, [...]
B00005JKZV|1.0|It's very boring. The graphics are very poor. Also too much violents, not very good for children. I don't have much to write about it.<BR>Anyway, if you are a true Load of the ring fan don't see it. It's bad.
B000002KJQ|5.0|Short version: Great music, but go buy &quot;Chrome, Smoke and BBQ&quot; instead--it has most of these tracks, and it's a much better mix. <br />Long Version: ZZ Top, the band I have loved since their peak over twenty years ago, are a tough band to love. Don't get me wrong; I was robot-dancing to Eliminator, trying to pretend that &quot;TV Dinners&quot; was some sort of post-modern culture reduction, but these boys have really scraped the bottom in terms of sound and vision, so I don't fault anyone who scoffs at the mention of their name. <br />But &quot;Tres Hombres&quot; is a wonder, a glory to behold. A treasure, right along side Exile on Main Street, Exodus, or Swordfishtrombones. This album contains the best treatment of the ubiquitous :La Grange&quot; guitar lick probably ever in a studio, and several quiet wonders, such as &quot;Hot, Blue and Righteous,&quot; &quot;Master Of Sparks&quot; and &quot;Jesus Just Left Chicago.&quot; This is one of those albums that just plays well all the way through, so if you want to spend a great hour, reassemble the &quot;Tres Hombre&quot; tracks.<br />There was a rush during the late 80s to get everything under the sun onto disk, and a lot of cut-rate, dodgy  productions were released, often with great fanfare. This CD was one of those dodgy rush jobs. And to make matters much, MUCH worse, ZZ Topp's drummer, Frank Beard, got head-over-heels involved in synthetic drum sound production--which as you may recall with a shudder enjoyed popularity in many music genres in the 80s--and it tweaked his brain, as it tweaked many a brain. <br />Someone thought it would be a good idea to remaster &quot;Tres Hombres&quot; and replace the wonderful existing natural drum track with a computerized drum track. As in Kraftwerk drums, as in Boing Boom Chock. The result is a mess I can't even listen to.<br />The new release of  &quot;Chrome, Smoke and BBQ&quot; has the original drum track replaced, and it all sounds so great. I've even learned anew few lovelies.
0060523794|4.0|I always wonder how did IBM turnaround from the brink of death.  I enjoyed the book very much.  I have no doubt that Gerstner is a great leader and a very capable man, however, I couldn't help in thinking what the outcome would be if there were not so much talents and resources inside the company.  Who had said &quot;circumstances, cicumstances!&quot;
B0000CDLA7|4.0|Never before have I been more worried about the quality of an upcoming studio album.  After SFAM, I wondered how DT could top themselves musically or conceptually - and they put out a (damn good) double CD with a 42-minute concept title track.  I loved 6DOIT, but I worried that Dream Theater was going to get themselves in a rut.  With the release of Train of Thought, I have decided that this is not the case.<br />Musically, ToT continues the progression that started with Six Degrees.  The album is heavier than any of their albums to date, and you can hear their metal influences (like Metallica) in some of the songs (especially &quot;As I Am&quot;).<br />Gripes:<BR>-A bit too much focus on technical wizardry at the expense of lyrical and melodic quality (although there is much beautiful and melodic in this album, it has been put on the back burner more than I would like).<BR>-Not enough Jordan Rudess.  Myung doesn't get a chance to really shine, but lays down some awesome groovitude.<BR>-I would like to see John Myung writing some lyrics again... concurrently, I would like to see Portnoy writing (and singing) fewer lyrics.<br />-Likes:<BR>-Really cool vocal and instrumental harmony stuff scattered throughout the album (esp. Honor Thy Father, Stream of Consciousness and In The Name of God)<BR>-Simultaneous keyboard/guitar stuff is incredible.<BR>-Fresh sound - heavier than Dream Theater's previous releases.  You can decide whether this is a good or a bad thing, but just remember: progressive rock bands progress.<BR>-Every damn song on the album!<br />I think the next album from DT is make or break. I envision two futures: the band comes together and writes the single best album ever made (thereby supplanting SFAMT), or Rudess and Myung get so frustrated with their lack of solo time and writing input that they leave the band.  Until that time, however, I will be listening to Train of Thought, and thoroughly enjoying it.
B00005JKC3|4.0|I grew up reading all of the major (and most of the minor) Marvel comics titles of the 1960s and '70s... In the '80s, I drifted away, at first because the various titles had become so static and shoddy, and then later because the artwork had become so stylized and fetishistic.  By the 1990s, Marvel began to radically overhaul all its main titles, and the Hulk was one of the characters that they messed with the most. Because I never liked the hyper-realistic, overly muscular, overly defined artwork that came into vogue around this time, I was driven away from many titles. \\"The Hulk\\" in particular, started to have about a zillion rippling muscles that just don't exist outside of a bodybuilder's wet dream.  Still, every few months or so I would pick one up and see what was happening, and for a while I was able to keep up... I gather that around this time was when they introduced the goofy psychoanalitic aspects that define the screenplay of this film: all Hulk's problems stem from a bad relationship to his Daddy. (In the comic, the theme of domestic violence was much stronger and heavy-handed than in this film...)<br />Anyway, as a Marvel loyalist, I've always checked out the various film adaptations, and while Hollywood invariably fouls things up somehow, I have to say, I was more impressed by this film than I thought I would be.  The special effects are fabulous -- I actually watched several of the action scenes over before returning the rental, and if I were still nine years old, I probably would have gone to see this movie in the theatres at least a dozen times. Why they have to muck with the original premises of these stories, I really dunno (the Hulk is no longer the product of an atomic bomb, but rather some sort of genetic testing...) but in general, as these things go, this flick was pretty good.  Mostly I am cheered by seeing such good, exciting special effects, onscreen action that finally matches the sense of wonder that the old Stan Lee-Jack Kirby comics could instill. My hope is that Hollywood will one day start cranking these things out with almost as much regularity as the comicbook industry itself, and as the making of these fantasy films becomes more commonplace, producers will eventually stop feeling the need to \\"legitimize\\" then by making the plots so overly complex and drearily serious. Once they find the easygoing rhythm of the original 'Sixties issues, THEN the fun will really start!!ould instill. My hope is that Hollywood will one day start cranking these things out with almost as much regularity as the comicbook industry itself, and as the making of these fantasy films becomes more commonplace, producers will eventually stop feeling the need to \\"legitimize\\" then by making the plots so overly complex and drearily serious. Once they find the easygoing rhythm of the original 'Sixties issues, THEN the fun will really start!!
B000089RVR|5.0|As most fans, I first heard Dido as an accompanying voice for M&amp;M.  I was very intrigued by the somewhat melancholy yet seductive female voice and purchased her first CD.  I loved her first CD, cannot stop raving about her second CD, and anxiously wait for her next release.  It is heartbreaking when you grow to like an artist based on one CD but find that there next release is disappointing.  Dido has NOT been a disappointment and has definitely kept my attention with this CD as much as, and possibly more than, her first. <br />This CD is for all age groups whether your a teenager or preparing to retire.  The music in some songs is slightly electronic and mysterious while combining with an often folk-like feeling. The lyrics reflect on life, love, and learning and will spark many emotions and give many listeners the feeling of a conected understanding with the artist.  Dido definitely has a very distinct voice and sound on this CD as well as her first.  <br />The CD will definitely impress you the first time you listen to it but you will grow more and more attatched to it.  With each listen you find a new lyrical passage true to life or a new musical rhythem to satisfy your mood.
B00005JM0B|1.0|Played more explicitly for laughs than either of the other \\"Terminator \\" flicks, T3 has only one marginally exciting sequence -- the elaborately staged automobile chase scene in the film's first third.  The rest of the film is a total bore, one action movie set piece after another -- big shootout with the cops, massive destruction within a secret military base, helicopter chase, etc. -- and a bit of tired, half-heartedly mysogynistic pseudo-sexual slapstick (Arnold cramming the female Terminatrix's head into a toilet, the two of them bursting explosively apart after grappling at close quarters... Golly gee, what could it mean?)<br />It's all been seen before, and in a vague effort to get around the been-there, done-that factor, the director responds by occasionally deflating the action in a bid to \\"surprise\\" us: \\"Wow, the helicopter chase didn't go on forever and ever?  The cops don't all get creamed??\\"  This of course only makes the film less exciting and more of a pointless time-suck.  The ultimate example of this is that the new, improved Terminatrix herself is startlingly dull and easy to kill.  Really, nothing happens in this film.  Nothing at all, except the big fat \\"ka-chinggg\\" of Arnold Schwartzenegger cashing in on what may be his lamest, most listless performance to date.  Even \\"Kindergarten Cop\\" and \\"The Villain\\" were better than this.  If you liked the first two Terminator flicks, this one should just make you feel very, very sad.  Save yourself the effort.
B00004TL21|5.0|wow. i just bought white pony..and let me tell you it is ... amazing...in fact im listening to in right now. if you buy it you will not be able to stop listening to it. the whole album has a really depressing feel, Chino was obviously dealing with some stuff when he wrote it. its very slow and melodic, hypnotizing even. the best tracks on the album are as follows (in no real order)<BR>track 1 Back to school (minimaggit)- this song is exactly the way highschool can be described, a depressing ode to social misfits, at times chino changes revealing anger, and then changing to a slower more disturbed tone..an addictive song.The lyrics are amazing!<BR>Track 3 Digital bath- this song is really good, its depressing and isolating. its intensely played out, makes the listener feel very detached, depressed people will relate to this track.<BR>Track 8 Knife Prty- this was the first deftones song i ever heard, and it was the track that made me want to buy the cd.. this song is so intensely depressing that it made me cry, this song i can totally relate to, it has such a suicidal edge to it, it think its about the way it feels to cut yourself...the lyrics are EXTREMELY depressing words cannot describe<BR>Track 9 Korea- this song is very sexual, i find it very empowering and , yes, depressing haha. but wow very sexual<BR>Track 10 passenger- GOOD DUET<BR>Maynard was a perfect pick for the deftones sound...it just adds to the depressing ambiance.<BR>Track 11 change (in the house of flies)- a slow comfortingly depressing song, very melodic and somewhat of a tainted love song, a great track...<br />the rest of the songs i havent really listened to, but i know that i will love them too...<BR>all i have to say is, i hope Chino doesnt kill himself or something after writing all this crazy depressing music, so he can write more...
B000056HRZ|5.0|Welcome to Casablanca, in French Morocco.  The year, 1942, with the Third Reich at its height in World War II.  But the multi-themed, multilayered movie of the same name, based on a Murray Burnett play originally titled \\"Everybody Comes To Rick's,\\" well, is the story of people searching for hope in a hopeless world, with mixes of intrigue, danger, the eternal triangle, the rebirth of one's soul emerging out of the chasm of cynicism, and fighting for a broader cause rather than looking out for number one.<br />Amid the teeming masses of those who wait and wait and wait and wait to get their exit visa signed by French police prefect Louis Renault, a corrupt official with a charming air, many of them will go to Rick's Cafe Americain, where there's gambling, dodgy deals, and even an arrest that makes for an exciting evening.  The owner, Rick (Richard Blaine), is an American expatriot who is completely neutral about everything, which is an asset for both the Vichy French and the Nazis.  \\"I stick my neck out for nobody\\" he tells Renault, who replies \\"A wise foreign policy.\\"  However, it's Ferrari, the rotund owner of the Blue Parrot who tells Rick that \\"isolation is no longer a practical policy.\\"  Renault too shares Rick's isolationist view by telling Major Strasser, a visiting German officer, that he blows with the wind, and \\"the prevailing wind is from Vichy.\\"  He's just a bureaucrat doing his job, with lots of perks.<br />Enter, or in Rick's case, reenter, Ilsa Lund, with whom he had a whirlwind romance in Paris and with whom he was set to flee before the Gestapo got to him.  Alas, there came \\"the wild finish-a guy on a station platform in the rain with a comical look on his face because his insides have been kicked out.\\"  Ilsa is here with her husband Victor Laszlo, a Czech resistance leader and key figure trying to unify opposition to the Third Reich.  Ilsa wants to explain about that last day, but seeing what Rick has become has left her disheartened with him.  And Renault is interested in keeping Laszlo in Casablanca, but also in getting some transit papers the black marketeer Ugatti passed on to Rick before his arrest.  Despite Rick's neutrality, he suspects \\"that under that cynical shell, you're at heart a sentimentalist.\\"  that becomes true when Rick's old wounds are opened, seen all too poignantly when he places his hands in his head.<br />Casablanca is also a place where \\"human life is a commodity,\\" where the worst elements of humanity cluster, trying to exploit those less fortunate. This is underscored by Ferrari, who swats flies at his place, demonstrating the value of human life in Casablanca.  Casablanca is also a place where the Nazis have outlawed miracles.  However, as things turn out, miracles do not come in the divine sense of the word.  Rather, it is people who become miracles by their actions and convictions of their heart.<br />There are many other characters here apart from Ferrari.  There's the pickpocket, Carl, Rick's waiter and accountant, Sasha, the Russian barkeep, and a Bulgarian couple hoping for their chance at freedom.<br />Although Ilsa's the one that's reawakened Rick's humanity, I'd argue that it's the young Bulgarian girl hoping to get out of Casablanca with her husband and approaches Rick who actually sets him on the road to losing his cynicism.  She asks him \\"If someone loved you very much that your happiness was the only thing she wanted in the world and she did a bad thing to make certain of it, could you forgive her?...and he never knew, and the girl kept this bad thing locked in her heart.  That would be all right, wouldn't it?\\"  That brings into mind the flashback seen, with Rick and Ilsa the epitomy of a couple in the throes of romance, and it's quite a shock to see why he's the cynic that he is.<br />Parts of this movie have been used in other films.  Bogie's speech to Bergman at the ending of Casablanca has been cannibalized by Woody Allen in Play It Again Sam and in the Red Dwarf story Camille, in a very bizarre way.  But the most effective tribute has been the hit BBC series As Time Goes By, taken from the immortal song from Casablanca, with that as the theme song.<br />All the characters and actors are wonderful, with Bogie at his best, Ingrid Bergman at her loveliest, Claude Rains at his most dapper as Renault, and Sydney Greenstreet pulling in another hammy role as Ferrari.  And this was one of Conrad Veidt's (Strasser) last roles, as he died of a heart attack a year later.  This would have been a totally different movie had Ronald Reagan, Dennis Morgan, and Anne Sheridan played Rick, Victor, and Ilsa.<br />I've seen this many times and enjoyed it more everytime.  What do I do when I'm in the mood for this?  Yes, you guessed it...play it again.ory Camille, in a very bizarre way.  But the most effective tribute has been the hit BBC series As Time Goes By, taken from the immortal song from Casablanca, with that as the theme song.<br />All the characters and actors are wonderful, with Bogie at his best, Ingrid Bergman at her loveliest, Claude Rains at his most dapper as Renault, and Sydney Greenstreet pulling in another hammy role as Ferrari.  And this was one of Conrad Veidt's (Strasser) last roles, as he died of a heart attack a year later.  This would have been a totally different movie had Ronald Reagan, Dennis Morgan, and Anne Sheridan played Rick, Victor, and Ilsa.<br />I've seen this many times and enjoyed it more everytime.  What do I do when I'm in the mood for this?  Yes, you guessed it...play it again.
B00000373U|5.0|If you are looking for Elliot Smith's most diverse, emotional and melodic album-this is it. I was very lucky to have known of Elliot Smith since his first solo record came out (&quot;Roman Candle&quot;) and was completely blown away by his angelic voice and brilliant guitar playing on that album matched up to its shockingly high quality 'lo-fi' recording.  &quot;Either/Or&quot; is the heavenly balance of these two worlds. The songs are heartfelt and sometimes painful, and his voice brings a hopeful cry to the songs that tear at your heart. It's production is great, yet in reality he could record a song on mailing tape and it's beauty would shine through. And the songs are consistently appealing, when the opposite was true on some of his other albums. So, I guess my point is get this album right away. Elliot Smith's passing is a tragedy but his spirit will live on through his songs. RIP Elliot...
B000002KZA|3.0|Most of the album is good, but a few tracks are very boring.  The best track is \\"And Then\\" following with the two Alan Wilder tracks.  Everything counts is a good song, but I feel a much strongerv version can be found on the 101 album or 86-98.  I would only reccomend this album to hardcore fans.
B00005AQF7|5.0|In my book, Nas' Illmatic is #1. what's left to say about this album, almost every track was hit a single and I bet if you were growing up during the early 90's, you know the lyrics to almost every song on here. This album..it was just plain brilliant.
B000003TAR|2.0|Cobain is not a genius in any sense of the word. He may have peformed some catchy songs in the studio (Heart-Shaped Box off Utero is the only one I like), but his live playing was horrid, and his live singing was worse than any unfamiliar listeners could ever imagine from someone touted so to be so &quot;visonary&quot;. All Nirvana fans like to justify Cobain's nausiatingly-bad voice by saying he's just &quot;exuding&quot; &quot;raw passion&quot; or &quot;pure torment&quot;, but the fact is that he was just too lazy to anything more than halfarsed. All he did was contribute mainstream rock to MTV for marketing purposes. That's ALL he did. MTV MADE kids think Nirvana was revolutionary, but what did they ever REALLY do? All they REALLY did was start the stupid trend of whiny twenty-somethings reminissing and whining about how they were snubbed at the junior prom at age 15. Nobody cares anymore, and the singers who sing about that cr@p should realize it and get employed... employed at a place of work they so sorely belong: at their local McDonald's. <br />Peace Out.
B00005B6C9|5.0|Are you a hopeless romantic like am...of course you are that's why you love the Bee Gees in the first place.  This CD will do it all.  Love MO?  He's here front and center.  One of their best CD's ever.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Dream Theater's &quot;Train of Thought&quot; is, in this reviewer's opinion, their best offering yet.  It's also their heaviest offering yet, pounding away at the listener with distinctive metal riffs every song and putting lead singer James LaBrie into a less operatic and grittier vocal style.<br />While every track is well worth your listening time, some distinctive pieces include &quot;As I Am&quot;, &quot;Endless Sacrifice&quot;, &quot;Vacant&quot;, and &quot;Stream of Consciousness&quot;.<br />As the opening song of the album, &quot;As I Am&quot; begins with a traditional mellow Dream Theater riff, but quickly kicks into overdrive with heavy, fast-paced distorted guitar and the controlled insanity that is Portnoy's metal drumming.  This song has a long and catchy chorus, making it much more suitable for radio audiences than most of Dream Theater's previous offerings, yet holds true to the band's exacting standards of songwriting.<br />&quot;Endless Sacrifice&quot; begins as a softer ballad piece with a heavy chorus, but soon shifts into metal mode in the style of Metallica's &quot;One&quot;.  It continues the style laid down in the first two tracks of the album - a heavier and more modern Dream Theater with just as skilled of musicianship and songwriting as they've always shown.<br />&quot;Vacant&quot; is the exception to the rule on this album.  It is a straight-out guitar and piano driven ballad, and is the shortest song on the album, at less than three minutes of length.  The very mellow nature of this song provides the listener with not just a note of emotional melancholy, but also serves to literally give them a break before the monumental instrumental piece which is...<br />&quot;Stream of Consciousness&quot;.   Many hardcore Dream Theater fans may have heard that the band initiated a contest a few months back, giving them the foundations (tempo and key structure) for this song and asking them to write and record their own version.  The fans of course complied, sending in many pieces of excellent musicianship.  Well, the song itself lives up to and exceeds the high standards I experienced when listening to the fans' contest entries.  It is a long and complex but cohesive whole, each part leading smoothly into the next while retaining elements of the previous section - a true &quot;Train of Thought&quot;.<br />This album is unarguably Dream Theater's most &quot;metal&quot; release to date.  I believe it to also be their best release to date, but don't take my word for it - pick up a copy and experience this masterpiece yourself.
B000006045|4.0|I had never heard of Massive Attack before I saw this cd at a friend's house and was intrigued by the cover and the title. When I heard this album I couldn't believe that i'd been missing out on something like this for so long. I especially enjoyed &quot;Teardrop&quot; because it is so mellow and relaxing.<br />This album is not the best i've heard but it definintely doesn't let the listener down. This album is a brave new venture in music.
B0000CE0JH|5.0|Rufus Wainwright's third album continues to uphold the standards he set with his self-titled album and with &quot;Poses.&quot; This has become one of my favorite cd's of all times in the short time that I have owned it. The lyrics are interesting and deep, Rufus's voice is beautiful, and the orchestrations are great. Some of my favorites are &quot;Movies of Myself,&quot; &quot;Go Or Go Ahead,&quot; &quot;14th Street,&quot; and &quot;Beautiful Child.&quot; By the way, if you ever get a chance to go to one of his concerts, DO IT! Your love will magnify a thousandfold.
B00000J7JO|5.0|i have nothing to say this album is just overwhelming every single person should own a copy of this album!
B0000CABBW|5.0|Whale Rider is, quite simply, a beautiful film.  The performances across the board are outstanding.  I could sympathize with every character in this film and understand their feelings about tradition and history versus the modern world.  Castle-Hughes is a revelation - you love and believe in this girl.  The photography and score are perfect and no actor hits even a single false note.  Visually stunning, romantic and moving.  You owe it to yourself to see this film.
B000002LQR|5.0|Excellent is all i have to say! this is pure chilis music and if you like the chilis buy it you will love it! best album (and californication!)
B00005JM0B|4.0|THIS TIME, JOHN CONNOR [NICK STAHL] WHO'S 22, DISCONNECTS HIMSELF FROM SOCIETY SO THAT SKYNET WON'T TRY TO STRIKE AT HIM AGAIN. HOWEVER, AS SOON AS HE THINKS HIS PROBLEMS ARE OVER, SKYNET SENDS A GORGEOUS KILLING MACHINE TO TRACK HIM DOWN. AND IT'S UP TO THE T-101 [ARNOLD SCWARZENEGGER] TO SAVE HIM. FILLED WITH FANTASTIC SPECIAL EFFECTS AND STUNTS. THOUGH HE'S OVER 50 YEARS OLD, ARNOLD PROVES THAT HE CAN STILL PLAY THE TERMINATOR TO PROFESSION. THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST ACTION MOVIES I'VE SEEN THIS YEAR. A MUST FOR ANYONE WHO LIKED THE FIRST TWO TERMINATOR MOVIES.
B00007G207|5.0|This dvd \\"contains the 2002 173-minute version (Digital Dolby 5.1) and the original 123-minute version (Dolby 2.0 Surround & French language track\\" (quoted from the technical details).  We enjoyed the original version the best.  However, we watched the new version with great interest.  It's a great movie, a timeless classic.  It is subtitled in English, but that does not detract from our enjoyment of the movie.  <br />It is only the director's cut that is rated R, not the original version.  The original version is marked \\"not rated\\" on my VHS copy, but doesn't contain the sexuality that is included in the later version.  We enjoyed this movie enough to purchase the DVD copy although we already owned it on VHS.  This is definitely a DVD worth owning.
B00005ATQF|4.0|I watch movies such as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Event Horizon, and other such gruesome mind-bending flicks, and I have to say that none affected like the boot camp scenes in Full Metal Jacket.<br />I don't know how realistic any of this film was, and I have to confess that I ceased to watch it after the final scene when Leonard kills the drill sergeant, then turns his gun on himself.<br />I've rated this 4 stars because it had such an impact on me, not necessarily because I really enjoyed it. I didn't, not in the slightest. But I do appreciate the incredible talent displayed by the likes of Matthew Modine and Vincent D'Onofrio.<br />The scenes that have stayed with me the most were firstly the assault on Leonard by his fellow recruits and, curiously, the scene when Leonard began to finally do things right. Ironically, this, along with the assault, marked the beginning of his break-down.<br />I won't say anymore on this film. I'm hoping that by putting something down of the effect it has had on me, that I'll be able to put it to the back of my mind.<br />Suffice to say, don't watch this if you don't want to see anything really confronting. Realistic or not, Full Metal Jacket is severe in the worst and best possible ways.
B000065V41|5.0|This is my absolute favorite movie of all time!!  Perfection my style.  Micheal Caine is the perfect scrooge! Gonzo is terrific as &quot;dickins&quot; doing the narration. I really enjoy watching this dvd over and over and over and over.
0380977788|5.0|This was one of my favorite books ever because you can really get into it! I read this book on vacation and I am usually not into reading very often. Id say to anyone debating on buying this book, BUY IT!
0312965788|5.0|This country vet will win your heart and make appreciate  what veternarians go through. All of his books are heartwarming and humorous and sensitive. I came I read I laughed I loved them all.
B00005JMFR|4.0|&quot;The Matrix Revolutions&quot; continues the story begun in the original &quot;Matrix&quot; film.  Once again Keanu Reeves plays cybermessiah Neo, who fights to defend humanity against an enslaving machine collective.<br />&quot;Revolutions&quot; effectively expands upon the compelling mythology established in the original film, as the freedom fighters continue to move between the gritty real world and a complex virtual reality construct.  Much of the film is a relentless orgy of violence and explosions--at times it's just too much and becomes exhausting.  Nevertheless, there are a number of genuinely thrilling and inventive action/fight scenes.  There are also some memorable visual images.<br />At its worst &quot;Revolutions&quot; can be bombastic, obscure, pretentious, and even corny.  The film is at its best when it remains in touch with the essential humanity of its characters.  Reeves anchors the eclectic, multiethnic ensemble cast with his earnest, understated performance.
B000089RVX|2.0|With the radio airwaves in their current awful state, the music-buying public is in dire straits to find an artist that brings anything new to the mainstream table. Enter Evanescence and their mainstream debut Fallen, which attempts to breathe fresh air into the angst-ridden, 3-chord, corporate nu-metal scene by adding female vocals to the mix.<br />It must be said that vocalist Amy Lee does have a good voice, and that the band did the right thing by putting it front and center. This is a good thing, because otherwise there is virtually nothing else of interest here. It basically is a rip of Linkin Park's formula (not that they were ever really original to begin with)--a rapping male vocalist (why?), turntables, a guitarist with knowledge of only 3 chords, and a bland drummer. The lyrics are typical angsty drivel that strain to sound \\"gothic,\\" bread-and-butter for this demographic.<br />All in all, Fallen is a fairly underwhelming experience. There are other better bands that use the female vocals over edgier, darker music--The Gathering, Laguna Coil, and After Forever to name a few. Consider those bands instead and avoid this mainstream pap.
B00006690G|1.0|Here's the version of Cleaning Out My Closet that Eminem really meant:I'm sorry peopleI never meant to hurt youI never meant to rip you offBut tonight i'm cleaning out your wallets.More whiny rantings about the critics, and Mom and his dysfunctional life. I'm sorry i ever took the least bit of interest in this guy. His act is old and has worn out its welcome a long time ago. His voice really sounds so immature. Like a little kid.  Anyone who thinks he's so great and that he actually does great &quot;music&quot; needs to go play in the freeway. My farts have more entertainment value. I think 90% of his audience are white kids 25 and under. Pretty soon he'll be remembered as just a novelty act.  It's a disgrace that he got a top ten song from this cd only because he ripped off a sample of an Aerosmith song. His cd will be good for wiping my bum with.
B000003S0P|5.0|Ah, it's about time I got around to reviewing this fine album. Red is the last album from the '70s incarnation of King Crimson, and arguably the best. For this album, the lineup was distilled to the power trio of Robert Fripp (guitar, mellotron), John Wetton (vocals, bass), and Bill Bruford (percussion). Classically trained violinist David Cross left the band after the largely improvisational Starless And Bible Black, but he appears on one track here (Providence).<br />Unlike most other '70s prog albums which were grandiose at the time but now feel overindulgent and bloated, Red still sounds scary and intense today. This is due to the combination of free jazz and avant-garde elements, odd time signatures, Fripp's scorching guitar, and a nocturnal, dissonant feel. While Yes and ELP's members were more concerned with outplaying each other in their search for that perfect chord and trying to write 23-minute snoozers, this incarnation of King Crimson played as a tight unit challenging their listeners with cerebral, monstrous jazz rock. There is a LOT of musical theory and mathematical logic on display here, and not much warmth or humor like in Belew-era Krim. If this lack of fun bothers you, I'd advise skipping this and picking up a Ramones record or something.<br />That being said, this album is amazing in its power and consistency throughout its 40 minutes. The instrumental title track kicks it off with clamourous, evil, and twisted guitar lines and Bruford's frantic percussion. It is one of Fripp's best compositions, and a highlight of this period. Following this is Fallen Angel, which starts off as a well-sung ballad of inner-city bleakness and midway explodes into a frenzy of jagged arpeggiated riffs and strident horns. One More Red Nightmare features another evil riff, juxtaposed with odd handclaps and lyrics of a plane crash nightmare only to wake up aboard a Greyhound bus. The song gives way into a jazz freakout by the six-minute mark. The next song is the eight-minute improv Providence, which was recorded live and is a minor-key vamp beginning with Cross' harsh violin playing and slowly developing into an impressive jam. While it takes a few minutes to warm up, it is worth the listener's patience.<br />Finishing off the album on a high note is the amazing 12-minute closer Starless. This song begins with swelling mellotrons and a fine vocal performance by Wetton and after that Fripp starts slowly ascending the scale on a bent-note solo while a doomy bassline and ominous percussion lie below it. The guitar climbs and climbs most evilly, switches briefly to a high-speed jazzy interlude, then comes back with a fierce intensity that most \\"heavy metal\\" bands can't even approach. The end of the song is...just too beautiful for words to describe. It is a fitting end for '70s Krim. Fripp dissolved the band after 1975, only to bring the name back with a totally different lineup in 1981 to release the brilliant Discipline (but that's another review).<br />Everyone who can appreciate real progressive and experimental rock should pick this up. Fans of the latest prog-metal bands like Tool and Meshuggah should purchase Red, as it should be right up their alley. Also check out Larks' Tongues In Aspic and Starless And Bible Black, the other two albums of this period, but be warned that they are more jam-based than Red.ht-minute improv Providence, which was recorded live and is a minor-key vamp beginning with Cross' harsh violin playing and slowly developing into an impressive jam. While it takes a few minutes to warm up, it is worth the listener's patience. <br />Finishing off the album on a high note is the amazing 12-minute closer Starless. This song begins with swelling mellotrons and a fine vocal performance by Wetton and after that Fripp starts slowly ascending the scale on a bent-note solo while a doomy bassline and ominous percussion lie below it. The guitar climbs and climbs most evilly, switches briefly to a high-speed jazzy interlude, then comes back with a fierce intensity that most \\"heavy metal\\" bands can't even approach. The end of the song is...just too beautiful for words to describe. It is a fitting end for '70s Krim. Fripp dissolved the band after 1975, only to bring the name back with a totally different lineup in 1981 to release the brilliant Discipline (but that's another review).  <br />Everyone who can appreciate real progressive and experimental rock should pick this up. Fans of the latest prog-metal bands like Tool and Meshuggah should purchase Red, as it should be right up their alley. Also check out Larks' Tongues In Aspic and Starless And Bible Black, the other two albums of this period, but be warned that they are more jam-based than Red.
B00004T9UF|5.0|After such a weak CD like Slim Shady's LP, it's finally time for Marshall to master his undoubted talent, and to finally be called a Rap God, a man who turned the world upside down due to to his lyrics, his controversy. The first white guy to have such status in rap world. But why? Well, as I said, it's all because of his lyrics, his attitude. He's now finally kicking the world's weak points, cussing gay people, talking a lot more about drugs, a lot more about suicide, about murder and sexuality. If you're a parent reading this and you're thinking if you'll buy this CD for your children or not, you must be getting a little scared about this CD's content. Well, Eminem doesn't give a f*** about this kind of thought, if you're offended easily, if you don't get what he's saying, if you can't say what's a joke and what's not, then this CD is not for you. Are you going to sue Eminem for his genious work like other people did? It's your choice, but you can't say Eminem isn't one of the greatest rappers ever after you listen to this CD. I can't explain you why, Eminem is a lot more intelligent then he was in his last CD, he's finally kicking a**, really, kicking unbeliavable rhymes. Plus, this CD features other Rap Gods like his \\"creator\\" Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, XZibit, anti-Christ superstar Marilyn Manson and pop singer Dido. It also features Eminem's band: D12. These guests only make this CD more special. Let's list my favorite songs in this CD: \\"B**** Please II\\", featuring Dre, Snoop, XZibit and Nate Dogg; \\"Criminal\\", one of his most controversial songs which cusses gay people; \\"Drug Ballad\\", it's needless to say this song's content; \\"Kill You\\", which talks about his mom and other things; \\"Marshall Mathers\\", which catches Slim Shady's LP spirit, a song which talks about Eminem himself; \\"Stan\\", which features Dido, talks about suicide, very interesting song; \\"The Real Slim Shady\\", which talks about the whole lot of artists trying to copy Eminem's style and, the best one, \\"The Way I Am\\", a total masterpiece. I've interviewed Eminem an year ago and asked him how could he write such amazing, wonderful song. He said the lyrics come to him when he's angry and that he took a week to write this song. Well, I took more than that to understand everything the song had to say! This album would be worth for this song only, but you get a whole lot more. A must-buy, rap masterpiece.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Emotional, musical, talented .....truly a step 'closer' to where Josh has said he is headed.  A wonderful compilation of songs.  Josh has outdone himself...I only hope that he that he keeps making music more into 'his' direction.  There is an obvious difference with the tracks he was more closely involved in...very enjoyable. The only negative I feel - and I felt it on the first CD is that some tracks are overproduced..way too heavy on backings and orchestrations,,,,I would prefer that Josh would not have to compete with all the extras....Let his voice shine!
B00008G9JN|5.0|I've always loved Jethro Tull's music, since I was a little kid. 2 days ago I bought 2 MP3 CDs with the entire Tull's discography. I enjoy listening to Songs... and I decided to gather more information about this album in the Net. I really love it.
B00006IX0R|3.0|If this were Dolores and The Cranberries Greates Hits probably would get 4 stars. There are some beautiful songs, mainly in the first part. Some others should had not be incluided. In general, Stars is a pop album with too similar musical arregments. The musicians--the guitarrist, for example--shows some laziness, certain lack of imagination. If looking for quality, probably it is better to buy &quot;Not need to argue&quot;. If you are just a new fan &quot;Stars&quot; is a good star point.
B00005JM0B|2.0|I guess when your movies start to stink it's time to find a new job. Politics maybe...<br />I was very disappointed in this movie. After the greatness of T2, this was a big let down. Where's James Cameron when you need him?<br />Special effects are spectacular as expected but the characters are very one dimensional and just poorly acted. What the hell happenned to the John Connor character? I'm supposed to believe that the 13 year old little badass from T2 grew up to be a whiney slacker stealing drugs from a vets office and lamenting his fate that he can't change? He threatens to kill himself to make Arnold do what he wants. Please. They totally ruined that character.<br />Arnolds character was never deep to begin with but it is at it's worse in this edition. His one liners have become clownish and he is just too old for this type of role now.<br />I was looking forward to a female villian this time. It could have been great. It ain't. Gone is palatable sense of unrelenting evil you got from Robert Patrick as the T1000 in T2. Yea she's hot. She kills people, but so what. She just leaves you flat. Her destruction at the end had none of the edge of your seat thrill of the previous 2 movies. When Arnold utters his shakespearian quality \\"You're terminated\\" and blows her and himself up, it's like an afterthought that you just don't care about.<br />I don't know if there will be a T4, but if there is they need to reinvent the franchise, lose Arnold, and get a real director and some real actors.<br />For those below that think Arnold should be governor simply, because you like his movies: Please stay on your couch next election day
B0000CDLA7|4.0|Make no mistake, Train of Thought is a great piece of<BR>musicianship. It is up to the standards of Dream<BR>Theater's best work.<br />Those who have expressed strongly negative opinions<BR>about this album are hung up on the style, which is<BR>very heavy and fast, probably too much so for those<BR>fans more interested in DT's progressive roots<BR>(imagine Slayer on speed and you'll get an idea of<BR>what Dream Theater was trying to pull off here).<br />Despite the album's greatness, it only gets 4 stars<BR>from me, because we're not treading much new ground<BR>here. Yes, Petrucci's shredding on this record is hot,<BR>but we already have numerous DT and LTE albums where<BR>he's done this for us. <br />When DT released Awake, an album musically and<BR>thematically similar to Train of Thought, we all<BR>listened over and over and over because the album was<BR>literally changing the world of heavy metal. It was<BR>unlike anything we'd ever heard and blew open whatever<BR>old standards existed for musicianship in rock music.<br />Scenes From a Memory was similar. Here was a rock<BR>opera that integrated a truly good story into some<BR>amazing music, giving us a new standard for the rock<BR>concept album.<br />Train of Thought, while equally great to Awake and<BR>Scenes on an objective scale, doesn't have the same<BR>magic as those albums, because DT is playing within<BR>the boundaries they've already created, instead of<BR>blasting open whole new worlds.<br />If DT wants to continue on this path, laying out<BR>fantastic, if uninspired albums, so be it. I'll buy<BR>the records and listen, because, let's face it -- they<BR>still rock harder than just about anyone else.<br />But if they want to recapture the magic they once gave<BR>to fans, they need to do more.<br />They need to write songs with stronger melodic and<BR>harmonic bases, rather than the endless<BR>Portnoy/Petrucci jam sessions. The first half of When<BR>The Water Breaks from LTE2 is the closest they've ever<BR>come to writing a melodically driven metal song.<br />They need to lay out good lyrics and melodies first<BR>for some tunes, and then put music underneath them,<BR>rather than letting the guitar riff lead the way every<BR>time. I get the feeling that Under A Glass Moon,<BR>Space-Dye Vest, and Pull Me Under were written this<BR>way, but that style of writing seems to have left the<BR>band with Kevin Moore. <br />They need to abandon their famed \\"jam session on a<BR>white board\\" method of writing, at least<BR>occassionally, and explore the power of laying out an<br />entire chart, every note, on a staff. Doing so would<BR>force their music to conform to the power of<BR>deliberate thought, rather than the in-the-moment<BR>emotion of the jam session.<br />They need to work with new people. They shouldn't be<BR>afraid to bring in lyricists, composers, new<BR>technicians, and new producers. Right now, all that<BR>effort is being put into the side projects, which have<BR>grown more interesting than DT's own music. <br />But these are mostly criticisms for criticism's sake.<BR>I love the album. I recommend it highly to fans of DT,<BR>fans of thrash metal, and open-minded souls who<BR>appreciate great music, no matter the form.
B00005AQE8|5.0|Rap's first double disk and it could be rap's finest.  All Eyez on Me is probably one of the best rap albums i've ever listened to.  But what can you expect from the greatest rapper ever lived?  We all know there was two sides to tupac, well this is defintely his more gangsta, toss it up, growin up in the ghetto side of pac.  If your looking for the more poetic side of pac check out &quot;Me Against the World&quot; or even his greatest hits shows a lil bit of both.  People keep saying this album had too much songs...say what??!!! Pac's one of those rappers that you just can't get enough of...its worth the extra money you pay for the 2 discs just because everything about the album is so good..the flow, the beats, even outlawz are doin their thing. Notice on the cds pac put, &quot;book 1&quot; and &quot;book 2&quot; because &quot;All Eyez on Me&quot; really shows pac's life in the ghetto.  Every rap fans gotta get this album, you can feel what tupac is goin through just by listenin to his lyrics.  Sell your commercial rap if you have to and GET THIS CD.
B00005JMFO|5.0|Everyone should go watch!! It's great!!
B00008NRL8|4.0|First off, a warning: I've read some of the less than ecstatic reviews of La Revancha del Tango,which accused the music of being too &quot;backgroundish&quot; and only fit for commercials. There is an element of truth in this. But accusing the work of Gotan Project of being too &quot;backgroundish&quot; is like accusing Bob Dylan of being too folksy, or Eminem of being too rappy. I think that's the whole point of La Revancha del Tango: cool, collected and inconspicuous &quot;mood&quot; music that will subtly blend into your day. It's not blaring blasting in-your-face dance music, thank goodness, since we have enough of that on the market already. It may not be the most brilliant or original of albums either, but it certainly has an understated elegance about it: classic torrid tangos, chilled out and urbanized with an ambient contemporary touch. Great to read, relax or do homework to, filling the silence without shattering it, and the bonus disc remixes are a nice funky addition. Here's to the new post-millenial tango.
B00005JMFR|1.0|Oh. My. God.<br />Who ARE you people? Action junkies, apparently. The original was, and remains, one of my favorite films. I reserved judgment on the second because it was obviously just the first part of the third one. Revolutions is easily in my bottom ten of all time. It had a few good moments, sure, but how any writer can look at himself in the mirror after putting that many tired, used lines in one screenplay, I don't understand.<br />In retrospect, it seems clear that BOTH these races, humans and machines, deserve to be wiped out. Has no one ever heard of portable EMP generators?  \\"Ooooooo, there are thousands of squids here now, guess I'll kick off the EMP. Okay, they're all dead. Lunchtime!\\" A few minutes later, from another guy with a suitcase, \\"Ahhhhhh, millions of kalamari, boink. Smoke 'em if ya got 'em.\\" Rinse and repeat.<br />The good guys have ships that don't get destroyed by the EMP, why are the machines too stupid to match that? Give me a break.
0380789035|1.0|I haven't finished reading this book yet, but I'm very close to the end, and so far I am NOT impressed. I think maybe Mr. Gaiman was overreaching when he wrote this book, and should have taken a step back and reconsidered things. I couldn't sum it up better than the reviewer who said, &quot;slow pace and moderate characters;&quot; don't read this book unless you're looking for a lot of nonsense.<br />And how in the world did this book win the Hugo?
0064407667|3.0|Not that great. I think it was ok if you want something different to read. I like the fact that it wasn't a happy ending kind book were ever thing goes right. Maybe if you want to try something different try Pure Dead Magic by Debi Gliori , I thought this book was very boring. But some books later on in this Series seem Inserting but I haven't read it yet. And I love books were you like the charters and hate them like you feel know them. But I felt that the main charters were not really lovable or you felt like you know them and NOT easy to feel like you could relate to them really.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                YES I'm Going to answer a question that people have about this book being a unhappy book~ It is a ok to let your child read this. I recommend 9 and up it even good for a adult to read, if this inserting to you. NO your kid won't get depress by reading this. I think this is good book to at least read one of them because kids need to know that the world is not such a happy place and learn that your life isn't going to go right all the time. Cause this book kind of teaches you a something in life like the truth of happiness and making the best out of things.
B00005JMFR|5.0|Ok, all of you out there who thought that this movie was going to be dumb and not as good as the other two, wrong! I think this is the best. With the lead up and everyting to it, its fantastic! The Matrix launched you into it, and I had really no idea what was going on. The Matrix Reloaded was ok, but there was more psycho-babble going on than the first, plus that scene between Neo and Trinity was just too much bare skin for my taste. But The Matrix Revolutions was the best of all. Did you notice though, it has an uncanny resemblence to the book series, Dune by Frank Herbert? Heres the similarities: Neo is the one outcasts have been waiting for, he goes by a different name than the one he was born with in the Matrix itself, his great love dies, he becomes the blind messiah, there is a great war against machines, and, most significantly, he walks the Golden Path! I mean come on, as great a movie as it was, it could have been a little more original. Still, great movie, a must see for everyone!
0671027387|2.0|When I started this book I had high hopes, but it didn't take long to be disillusioned. Although it was a good read, it makes a mockery of how science is practiced. The plot hinges on whether an object is genuine. However, none of the outside \\"experts\\" called in to examine it had the knowledge required determine its authenticity. The implication that these experts could somehow validate an \\"astonishingly rare object\\" found in an Arctic ice sheet in a short time is just unthinkable, especially given that they include a TV science popularizer and lack scientists with the necessary expertise. Routine geochemical analyses and additional tests would have revealed problems from the start. I won't go into how dreadful the explanations of how the object was formed were, suffice it to say that they were gross misrepresentations of what is physically possible. Usually, I can forgive a bit of stretching of the science in a book, but here things were stretched until they broke.
0385504209|5.0|I don't even want to begin to describe anything within the book because I would feel that I would give something away to those who haven't read it yet. I can, however, say this: READ THIS BOOK. Quite simple, I know, but there is no other way for me to express myself. This book was FANTASTIC. I have read plenty of page turners, but I literally could not get any work done while I was reading this book. Dan Brown is truly a master story teller. I don't even want this book to be made into a movie in fear that the story will be ruined. I can keep going on and on for pages about this book, but I wont because I don't want people to spend time reading my review instead of reading The Da Vinci Code
B000060P79|1.0|This dreck has no redeeming qualities at all.  The entire &quot;pop-punk&quot; genre is horribly flawed, a prime example of the depths to which mass culture can sink.  This is the worst of the worst, and I truly believe that the world would be a better place without Simple Plan and everything they represent.
B00008J4P5|5.0|its my favorite album of all time, and I know practically all the words!  I definately suggest it...
0156027321|1.0|The first 1/3 of the book had me interested, but by the end I was so appalled and affected by the graphic imagery of the killings that occurred in the story, all of which soured and tainted the entire experience for me.  If you enjoy blood and guts described in graphic detail for more than 150 pages, you will enjoy this book. This book, as the character Pi says... sinks to the lowest level of human savagery&quot;.  Don't waste your money on this book, if you're dying to read it, check it out for free at the library, it aint worth the paper it's printed on, Mr Martel.
0385512104|4.0|Haddon succeeds in his book in explaining how autism feels.  Granted, his protagonist is a rather high functioning autistic, who communicates fairly effectively in words.  This ability would have to be necessary in order for it to be credible that anyone who is autistic can write a book.<br />But the things that struck me in the book were the fact that all of us have these feelings, but for one reason or another, we are able to control them, or at least control them 99.94% of the time, as opposed to someone who is autistic, with only an ability of about 0 to 60% control.<br />This revellation was startling, and worth reading the book in and of itself.  To understand what might be going on in an autistic person's head, is to allow more effective communication with the person.  Haddon's elucidation of what it 'feels like' to be autistic was truly an excellent depiction.
B00005NRN9|5.0|BRAVO!  BRAVO!<br />[5 stars except for the extremely flat vowelled narration - sorry Ian ....it's just too preachy and jarring for the rest O'Toole?  Better.....]<br />However, this is the kindof experience one needs after a long long week - just get home put this in theplayer and relax - like a bath for the soul and no aftertaste!<br />[except for the narration]
B0000CDLA7|3.0|Even though this is decent dream theater..it lacks the creativity they once had as far as good song writing skills.Don't get me wrong there are some good tunes on here but instead of being influenced by the versitile musical direction they use to have it seems the songs are just plain and laden with pretty basic metal riffs that really arent all that interesting..heavy yes...but dream theater nah.Kinda seems they are going for more of the groove factor on this album...so if your looking for Images and Words or even Metropolis part 2 then forget this..the well thought out structures and patterns just never surface on this album.Also umm who wrote these lyrics...guess:)?rhymes with rich boy.
0811821846|4.0|A friend of mine gave me this book for my birthday. I'm not into cookies, but I am definitely a Star Wars fan. The book was published in 1998, so there are no references to the prequel trilogy.<br />The book has a deceptive flat spine on the outside, but the inside is spiral bound so the book can lay flat on your counter - a must in any cookbook.<br />The book only has 29 recipes, but it is presented well. It has lots of full color photos revealing the final product - what your food should look like when you're done, and peppered in with various Star Wars action figures.<br />Despite its title, this is not a cookbook for just desserts - there are only 7 dessert recipes in the book. Some recipies are basic, where only the names are clever... such as &quot;Hoth Chocolate&quot; (which is just hot chocolate) and &quot;Han Burgers&quot; (which are juts plain ol' hamburgers) with a few visual puns such as the &quot;Twin Sun Toast&quot; and the &quot;R2-D2 Treats.&quot;<br />For finicky kids who like Star Wars but typically just poke at their food, having an official Star Wars recipe may be just the thing to convince them to eat. The clever names will make you sound like a genius when you whip up some snacks to bring to work or have a party for other Star Wars fans.<br />The last page has some foil stickers for you to put on packages you may prepare for family or friends with such clever lines as &quot;Use the Fork, Luke&quot; and &quot;Give in to your dark cravings,&quot; these are a cute addition.<br />It would have been nice for the author to have included either physical or web addresses for places to get Star Wars themed party supplies. Everything to R2-D2 cookie-cutters to paper table cloths, etc. I have seen these items and know they exist. Having a supply list like that would have been a nice addition to the book, as would have been stickers on a surface that is easier to write on. The foil/metalic stickers do not hold ink very well and smudge - and there are only a few stickers to begin with.<br />Overall, it's a fun book and a conversation starter to be sure. A good edition to add to your kitchen's reference shelf, or even as a coffee table book, this cookbook  adds some creative flair to ordinary recipes.a few stickers to begin with.<br />Overall, it's a fun book and a conversation starter to be sure. A good edition to add to your kitchen's reference shelf, or even as a coffee table book, this cookbook  adds some creative flair to ordinary recipes.
0066214122|5.0|This book is by far the best novel since Jurassic Park. It is thrilling and amazing. When I was reading this book the only time I put it down was when I was sleeping and when I was eating. It is a great novel with great characters. I think this is one of the most entertaining sci-fi adventures I have ever read. I'm sure they'll make a movie on it I just hope Spielberg directs it because this is a book written by a pure professional.<BR>Amazing a must read.
B00005ATQF|2.0|I saw this movie in the theatre years ago and could not believe all the hype about it back then, and neither should you now if you are considering buying this DVD. What blew it for me in this movie was the awful acting. In the battle scenes it seemed to me like the &quot;soldiers&quot; had just come out of their air-conditioned trailers. They acted very punky. They did not seem like they were on the front lines at all. Compare those scenes with, really, any scene at all in Platoon, and you'll see what I mean. Besides that, the movie is over-directed. Kubrick sometimes fell prey to his own sensibilities, and his bad sensibilities are all over this movie. It just didn't need to be done. I mean, this movie didn't need to be done. At all. 2 stars.
B000002BMD|5.0|The Manic Street Preachers are a rather enigmatic band...both famous and notorious in Great Britain, they stretched a string of well-written and constructed top 10 singles over the 1990s in Britain, all the while becoming one the the UK's most loved and respected acts.  Nonetheless, the band was never able to garner more than a cult following in the U.S., due partially to the band's left-wing messages in their songwriting and seldom touring of the States.  Further compounding issues for the Manics was the disappearance in 1995 of lyricist and lead guitarist Richey James.  It was James' firebrand lyrics for which the Manics where most known for, and his disappearance (he was never found and presumed dead) led to the natural questions of whether the band would continue and, if they did, what direction they would take.<br />Both questions were answered with the release of the first single off the album, &quot;A Design For Life&quot;, a song penned (as would most tracks on the new album) by bassist Nicky Wire.  A rising anthem about Britain's working class, the song featured an impassioned performace by vocalist James Dean Bradfield accompanied by a string section that added to the power and emotion of the track.  The song became a hit in the UK, won a songwriting award, and erased all fans' doubts about the continued existence of the band.<br />&quot;Design For Life&quot; was only a teaser off an album that would turn out to be the most focused and well-constructed album of the band's career.  Wire's lyrics are less abrasive than were James's, though no less political in nature.  Songs here touch on socialism and the plight of the working class, personal relationships, political perils, and the life and tragic death of Pulitzer prize-winning photographer Kevin Carter.  Bradfield delivers his best overall vocal performance to date, as he shows his better-than-average range and emotional singing style.  Additionally, he picks up the slack on the guitar as well and showshimself to be more than competent on the 6-string in the absence of James.<br />Highlights of the album include the aformentioned &quot;Design For Life&quot;, &quot;Enola Alone&quot; (a tribute to James), the title track with its memorable melody and terrific string section, &quot;Interiors&quot;, and the soaring, glam-influenced &quot;The Girl Who Wanted To Be God&quot;.  The album as whole, though, really doesn't have any filler (something the Manic's have been, and continue to be, accused of) and is the most cohesive album the band has ever made.<br />Many people cite the band's overtly political messages in their songs as a reason for not giving their music a fair chance.  However, even though I don't agree with some of what they say and write about, it is refreshing to see a band penning tunes about tangible, real-world subjects and concerns, rather than the typical pop fluff.  Additionally, the Manics create some of the most memorable, thoughtful music coming out of Britain today.  Often wrongly lumped in with Brit rock stalwarts such as Blur, Pulp, and Oasis, the Manics prove here, as they have many times before, that they have a unique sound and thus are deserving of the respect and accolades given to them.  A shame, then, that America has never caught on with this band, as they truely deserve a wider audience.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Le Blanc de Neige tait Celui Qui L'a commenc Tout et Est Toujours<BR>Tout Le Farest d'Eux. L'histoire est des tentatives jalouses d'une<BR>reine de se dbarasser de sa belle tape-fille, neigent le blanc,<BR>qui prend le refuge avec sept nains dans leur maison de fort. La<BR>reine change en sorcire et tente le blanc de neige avec une pomme<BR>empoisonne qui la met dans un sommeil ternel, jusqu' ce qu'un<BR>prince la trouve dans un cercueil en verre et la rveille avec amour<BR>d'abord embrassez. Plus de 6 Rditions et Meilleur Childrens De<BR>Vente La Vido N'a pas bless Non plus.Le Blanc de Neige tait Celui Qui L'a commenc Tout et Est Toujours<BR>Tout Le Farest d'Eux. L'histoire est des tentatives jalouses d'une<BR>reine de se dbarasser de sa belle tape-fille, neigent le blanc,<BR>qui prend le refuge avec sept nains dans leur maison de fort. La<BR>reine change en sorcire et tente le blanc de neige avec une pomme<BR>empoisonne qui la met dans un sommeil ternel, jusqu' ce qu'un<BR>prince la trouve dans un cercueil en verre et la rveille avec amour<BR>d'abord embrassez. Plus de 6 Rditions et Meilleur Childrens De<BR>Vente La Vido N'a pas bless Non plus.
B0000AZJXQ|1.0|I fell asleep listening to this!!! dear god...i don't even think there's a guitar riff on that CD
B00008LOS1|4.0|This is the first time the original master tapes were used to remaster Who's Next [Deluxe Edition]. People with lower end audio equipment will probably not notice much of a difference, but to me it doesn't sound as harsh and tinny as the 1995 version. Most of the bonus songs are available on other collections, but having them in one place is convenient for collectors. What makes this essential purchase is the Young Vic Concert from the aborted Lifehouse project.
B0000B1OFL|4.0|If you watch this movie remembering that it's a summer movie about a caper, then you'll probably enjoy it.  The cast was great, I especially enjoyed Ed Norton, Seth Green and Jason Statham (as &quot;Handsome Rob&quot;).   The movie had some extremely humorous parts and was pretty strong as a whole.  It reminded me of &quot;Ocean's 11&quot; a little bit, but not quite as good - it didn't have the great twist ending that Ocean's 11 pulled off.  <br />Italian Job definitely had some great gags (Seth Green and Jason Statham are hilarious), and the movie as a whole was definitely enjoyable.  Just don't expect too much and you'll like it.
B0000AFQS0|5.0|If you want to see the Who in their prime, buy this director's cut of &quot;The Kids Are Alright&quot;.  It is superior in every way to the former VHS version that was edited.  In my opinion, this is possibly the greatest rock music documentary ever made, edging out the Beatle's &quot;Anthology&quot; and the Rolling Stones &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot;.  The bonus DVD contains a revealing interview by Roger Daltry that explains the Who's chaotic chemistry.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|I liked the movie...in fact, I liked it a lot. But, I liked the first movie better. There might be a few reasons for this...maybe the whole concept of the matrix and all the ideas were new and interesting then and this movie isn't as provocative on that level, but I think I also liked the first movie because it seemed more organic. The good and the bad were clearly..or at least more clearly, defined. This movie isn't quite that way. But...other than that, this movie was great.<br />A word of caution, there is a sexually explicit scene in the movie...Neo and Trinity...umm...imitate bunnies for a short segment and the population of Zion imitates a rave hopped up on E. Other than that, there really isn't any sex...just lots and lots of violence. The movie is rated R...for the sexuality, violence and the language. So, if you're gonna be upset by those things and you can't look beyond them to see the great philosophic themes of the movie, then don't go see it.<br />Another word of caution: if you're pregnant or have a history of heart problems, this movie probably isn't for you. It is an adrenaline rush from the first 20 seconds until the end.<br />Special Effects: The special effects were amazing. The stunts, explosions, camera angles and everything are just incredible. If you're interested in finding out how they did some of the stuff (such as the \\"Burly Brawl\\" scene), you might want to search google for a wired.com article about it. The freeway car/truck/motorcycle chase scene is incredible...I've never seen anything like that before in any movie. The fighting, the choreography...everything is incredible. The movie is unsurpassed in visual goodness. I guess you have to see it to believe it...but it is simply amazing.<br />Philosophy: If you thought the philosophic and messianic and theological themes in the first movie were excessive, this movie isn't for you. Reloaded is totally full of philosophy and theology. From a discussion of salvation between Neo and \\"the kid\\"to Neo's outright fight with the idea of determinism that seems to follow the course of the movie. This isn't man against the machines, this movie pits Neo himself against determinism. This movie is all about free will and determinism, and I think the ideas of ignorance in choice will play a major part in the next movie. If you like philosophy, the \\"boring parts\\" of the movie (boring according to the people sitting behind me) will be absolutely fascinating. I don't think I missed or zoned out for any of the dialogue...it was so key...even the corny one-liners which one person in particular that I talked to didn't like.<br />Basically, the movie had a lot of stuff that I really liked, and if you like martial arts, fights, guns, cars, philosophy or computers, this is probably a movie you'll want to check out. If you don't like those things, but you do like Keanu Reeves..., you'll want to check this movie (unfortunately you see a lot of him).<br />However, the entire movie seemed sort of inorganic to me. The parts of the first movie that I didn't like were the parts where they were in the \\"real world\\" which was the hovercraft flying in and out of weird sewers and stuff and the parts I liked were when they were in the matrix. Unfortunately for me, this movie has a lot of the \\"real world\\" scenes...<br />However, other than those few detractions, I enjoyed the movie a whole lot, and I'll watch it over and over and I'm looking forward to seeing Revolutions in an IMAX.
B000089RVX|4.0|when i first heard this band, i really liked them.  i didn't buy the album, though, until i got to school.  people raved about the cd, and i was forced to get it.  i even let my mom listen to it, and to my surprise, she liked it.  the lead vocal is amazing.  she HAS to have been very well trained, not just some person they picked up off the street.  and if you just listen to the music, it's amazing.  it's my favorite study music now.  i highly recommend this album, even with the overhyping.  sometimes, things are just worth it...
B00009TB5G|5.0|In some cases when the movie steers away from the book it ruins it. not so with this masterpiece it only hieghtens the adventure. the helm's deep bit was so amazing i cried (sniff) it brings tears to my eyes even now. a must have for anyone. if you also liked the movies books or anything Tolkien related visit this site [...]
B00000JNOJ|4.0|Before the blues revival of the 60s really kicked into gear, Muddy Waters and Chess Records made this acoustic album to attract the attention of the folk-loving coffee house crowd. <br /> <br />But \\"Folk Singer\\" is really no more of a folk record than anything else Muddy Waters did; it is simply Waters playing the blues the way he did it back in the 40s - acoustically. <br />He is backed on the first nine cuts (which made up the original \\"Folk Singer\\" LP) by Buddy Guy and Willie Dixon, and occationally drummer Clifton James, and goes through songs like Sonny Boy Williamson's \\"Good Morning Little School Girl\\" and his own \\"Country Boy\\" and \\"Feel Like Going Home\\". <br /> <br />A few songs don't take too well to this bare-bones arrangement...the  s-l-o-w rendition of Willie Dixon's \\"My Captain\\" threatens to stall altogether, and the almost whispered vocals used on that song, and on \\"Cold Water Blues\\" as well, don't suit Muddy Waters' usually gruff, boastful singing style. <br />But most of what's here is very good, although it's a shame that Waters' slashing slide guitar playing is inexplicably absent on many tracks (the solo performance of \\"Feel Like Going Home\\" is a notable exception, though). <br /> <br />And the first two bonus tracks, which are taken from an April, 1964 session, are even better. The acoustic format is partly abandoned, and Otis Spann is added on piano. He plays superbly on  Willie Dixon's \\"The Same Thing\\" (my favorite rendition of that song), and on the great slow groove of Waters' own \\"You Can't Lose What You Never Had\\". <br /> <br />The final three tracks are neither acoustic nor particularly folkish, adding sax and clarinet (played by Elmore James' saxist J.T. Brown) to a full blues combo which also includes harpist James Cotton. <br />Brown plays great clarinet on the jazzy \\"Short Dress Woman\\", and the swinging \\"My John The Conquerer Root\\" is one of the best songs on the album, which ends with the fine L.J. Welch tune \\"Put Me In Your Layaway\\".<br />The original nine \\"Folk Singer\\" tracks could have been a little tougher - Muddy's country blues recordings from the 40s certainly were - but \\"Folk Singer\\" remains a nice, mellow blues album, and with this excellent bonus material it has gotten even better.
B00005JLTN|1.0|although reloaded was good it did not stand up to the first one and i was a little disappointed. having a few kids (i no there's atleast 2) i was hesitante to see this movie with them. there were some scenes that should not have been. anyways thats my rant if you want more info about this visit [...] for answers
0060537639|5.0|Gavin Menzies employed his experience as a mariner with detaled research into Chinese and European history to make a daring conclusion: that Chinese discovered the New World (and much more) at least seventy years before Columbus made his first journey.<br />This thick volume is filled with facts, experience, conjecture, a fair amount of logic, and certainly passion. Despite some repetition and a tendency for conjecture, Menzies serves up a compelling circumstantial case. His story reads something like a historical mystery novel, finding clues and often answers from a wide range of sources.<br />The strength of 1421... lies in its vivid evocations of Chinese maritime life, from shipbuilding to sailing. It's just one of several books that are now being published on this extraordinary era in Chinese history.
B00009TB5G|3.0|The extra features are a delight for fans.  You can enter Middle-Earth for hours on end.  I love the making of this film far more than the actual movie, which is a disappointment to Tolkien fans. But since I'm focusing on the DVD we won't get into the actual movie.  The features are fantastic, especially the making of Gollum. Some of the methods for his creation are hilarious. But the biggest disappointment of this DVD is that there are no trailers!  Not a single one for The Two Towers or even a little peak at Return of the King. Therefore, the first release of this DVD is better since you get the trailers, and a peak at Return of the King. On top of that, the additional footage does little to improve this film.
B000001ELL|4.0|Ace's solos on &quot;2000 Man&quot; &amp; &quot;Hard Times&quot; make this a must have for any Kiss fan.  Yes the lead song &quot;I Was Made For Lovin' You&quot; has a disco beat, but it's a great song; and again, Ace lets it rip on a great solo.   Peter Criss is pictured on the cover, but does not play on the album.  Anton Fig (of David Letterman's band) handles the drum work.  Because of Peter's  absence, &quot;technically&quot; you can't  consider this a &quot;Kiss&quot; record.  But setting that point aside,  &quot;Dynasty&quot; is the last great record Kiss ever made.  It's the great song writing and Ace's signature guitar that defines Kiss for me; and this is the last Kiss album where Ace really shines.
B0000E1ALR|1.0|The first four Bruce albums deserve more representation than just 3/4 of disc one. Where are Growing Up, Kitty's Back and Adam Raised A Cain?? Think I'll skip this one as I probably wouldn't get much use out of disc two.
B000001ELR|3.0|This is a \\"heavy\\" album as some reviewers have noted.  \\"I Love It Loud\\" is one of the most under-rated Kiss anthems and deserves maximum volume.  So much for the \\"good\\" points.  Personally having bought Kiss \\"Alive\\" at the age of 13 back in the early 70's, what drew me to the band was Ace's killer guitar playing.<BR>Remember the  poster booklet that came with the original vinyl record...now that was cool!   I digress, my point is there are no Ace guitar work (especially solos) on this album. Actually I think Vinnie Vincent was hired to play most of the guitar. Yeah you got Ace on the cover, but he's way absent once you cue up the music.  So for the long, long time Kiss fan, this is most likely album where you finally gave up.  Kiss in it's original form was gone forever.  So on it's own this is not a bad album, but compared to the classic Kiss albums of \\"Ace Frehley lead guitar\\".....well there is no comparison.
B000002AVF|5.0|&quot;Daydream,&quot; in my opinion, is one of, if not the most creative and pleasant albums she has recorded to date. This album was recorded in her pre-breathy R&amp;B days, and thus most of the singing and song writing is her own. Now, don't get me wrong, I am still as big of a fan as ever, but this album still stands as her shinning achievement.
B00000ILDF|3.0|But I liked it. I can't deny it. There's just something about this film that I can't get enough of... maybe it's the raw in-your-face gritty style that's become Fincher's trademark... maybe it's cuz Weaver looks really cool with a shaved head... ah, whatever it is, sure is cool, and I have to grant it 3 and a half stars, because it deserves it.<br />I can understand why most hate it, though... I just can't join them...
B00005Q66T|5.0|This a disc that follows her transformations over the last 10 years. All the greats are featured here and a few sweet additions are added such as &quot;Don't Cry For Me Argentina.&quot; However, bigger hits such as &quot;American Pie&quot; are ignored. Despite this, the album is a great collection for anyone who did not pick up her thousands of albums.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Ive been a Dream Theatre Fan for quite some time now.This Album Delivers on so many Levels.The only thing I didnt like about this album was the Guitar Solos.They were WAY over done.All the songs on this one are good.Im tryinbg to think of a reason why some people are not liking this album.I think its because of the fact that there arent any short songs on this one and they dont have the patience to listen to the songs all the way through.You can count me in to the group that calls this Album Dream Theatre Best album yet.Its good stuff....Any REAL Dream Theatre Fan will like this one.
B000002BQK|5.0|Although &quot;Daydream&quot; as a whole is a great album, &quot;Butterfly&quot; is much more personal. Beautiful songs such as &quot;Butterfly&quot; &quot;My All&quot; &quot;Fourth of July&quot; Close My Eyes&quot; &quot;Whenever You Call&quot; and &quot;Outside&quot; along with up-beat/slowjams &quot;Honey&quot; and &quot;Breakdown&quot; make this a wonderful album that will compliment any CD collection. I recommend this one big time.
B00001OH7P|5.0|-<BR>Before this album, Bowie was only somewhat of a ridiculous character.  You heard him telling everyone `I'm going to be huge!',  you may have even seen photos of him making out with Mick Jagger...but you probably never heard any of his music.  Then, what Bowie seems to have done with Ziggy, is take that part of himself that he knew was absolutely ridiculous-exaggerate to such an obscene extent-and then make it appear authentic.  If anyone has ever heard Bowie talk about this album, it is easy to get the impression that he is just as confused by it as we are.  He certainly attributed quite a bit of the creative process that went into Ziggy to `the help of some chemical substances at the time.'     <br />Whether Bowie has any idea what he was doing is beside the point.  The album rocks.  Some say that no albums rocks more (Q (the magazine)), and everyone seems to concede that no album rocks in the same way.  Each song has it's own style and charm, but also gracefully flows into the next.  My favorite tracks are the first five, mostly because I prefer the softer ones, but when you want to rock, 'Suffragete City' takes you there.<br />And what Bowie did with his alter ego Ziggy Stardust was brilliant.  He presented the alien as becoming an established rock legend - making Bowie appear like one too, even though, then, he was the fledging artist.  Later, Bowie would say that he so engrossed with his creation that he couldn't tell where Ziggy began and he stopped `He's a monster and I'm Dr Frankenstein.   He's my brother, and God, I love him.' - Bowie (1976)  Bono is to have said of Ziggy that he `was the nicest fella from Mars I ever met...'  I think Bowie knew there is something Godlike about a rock star, about what such a person represents to his audience, some impression of superhuman ability, of control, power.  He knew about the need confused, young, passionate people had to worship something/somebody, and he cultivated/exploited that need.<br />Interesting Lyric: `Keep your mouth shut/Your squaking like a pink monkey bird!'<BR>-
B0000CDLA7|5.0|This album is brilliant. Just brilliant.<br />I think trying to go track by track and describing it would be a waste of time - there's just so much information packed into every single song it'd take days.<br />And yes, it's heavy - but this is a surprise?<br />Did you miss the live shows where Mike incorporated the licks from Pantera's &quot;By Demons Be Driven&quot; into his drum solo? Did you miss &quot;Lie&quot; and &quot;The Mirror&quot; as far back as 1994? Does the phrase &quot;balls &amp; chunk&quot; not sound familiar?<br />Yes, this album's heaviness should not shock anyone - at least if you were paying attention. And if you think it sounds like a Metallica album - what era of Metallica? Certainly not that &quot;St. Anger&quot; album ... No, I hear elements of &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; and &quot;Justice&quot; instead.<br />A prog rock band is the result of their influences - and I think you'd be hard pressed to find a band with more diverse influences that's currently recording. Which is another thing I love about Dream Theater - Just when you think you've got them jammed into some nice, neat little pigeonholed little description, and what they're expected to turn out, they turn around, smack you upside the head and go - &quot;WRONG! TRY AGAIN!&quot;<br />And with T.O.T., they've managed to create songs that have so much jammed into them on this album that it's mind-numbing - that's the best way I can possibly describe it. Mind-numbing.<br />Mind you, I don't pay much attention to lyrics - I like a good melody, and there's plenty of that here. Musicianship? Top notch. The compositions themselves are interesting - and really, after &quot;A Change Of Seasons,&quot; a 23 minute song with no discernible &quot;hook,&quot; that was a cohesive series of themes and thoughts - they certainly left themselves open to that kind of writing methodology.<br />But nothing on this record is so blatantly outrageous that there's not a justification for it. They always do something a little differently than the last time out, and obviously, they've chosen to make a very heavy, guitar oriented, metal album, yet still mantaining a lot of varying textures and layers that make for a very interesting listen - and there's plenty of things going on.<br />I certainly enjoy these songs more so than the ones on the first &quot;6DOIT&quot; disc - though, they've grown on me, in a way. And instead of expecting DT to crank out another &quot;I &amp;W,&quot; or somehow create a new genre of music ... listen to what they've presented as it's been done. I've been through this disc 5 times now, and I still am convinced this is one of the most interesting albums they've made.<br />Maybe it's not your cup of tea ... but it's an amazing album. Define Dream Theater however you like - just don't ever think you've got them figured out.ys do something a little differently than the last time out, and obviously, they've chosen to make a very heavy, guitar oriented, metal album, yet still mantaining a lot of varying textures and layers that make for a very interesting listen - and there's plenty of things going on. <br />I certainly enjoy these songs more so than the ones on the first &quot;6DOIT&quot; disc - though, they've grown on me, in a way. And instead of expecting DT to crank out another &quot;I &amp;W,&quot; or somehow create a new genre of music ... listen to what they've presented as it's been done. I've been through this disc 5 times now, and I still am convinced this is one of the most interesting albums they've made.<br />Maybe it's not your cup of tea ... but it's an amazing album. Define Dream Theater however you like - just don't ever think you've got them figured out.
B00005JMFO|5.0|I cried at least 4 times, clapped my hands (out loud in the movie theater) and I was not the only one. At the end, I felt like giving it a standing ovation..but held back (it is a movie after all).<BR>this is the best movie I have seen in a long time. Completely romantic for all ages, for all genders...my boyfriend even liked it (so it is not just a chick flick)<BR>I wholeheartedly recommend it<BR>Enjoy
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Just a message to andreaabs: The only person on drugs is you little buddy. This is the best album of 2003, hands down. 13th Step is a journey through the unknown leaving you fulfilled and left in aura at the end of the ride. However, I do believe that \\"Crimes\\" and \\"Lullaby\\" are filler but that doesn't mean that this album gets 4 stars! I also believe that 5 stars are thrown around carelessly but not in this case though. It's perfect and you should buy it just for \\"The Noose\\". This song alone makes it a 5 star album. Maynard's lyrics and vocals are surreal and haunting as usual and the musical talent displayed here is absolutely breathtaking. Words can't describe the beauty in this album which is layered on a very atmospheric feel. Give this album a few listens and I promise you it will grow on you and that's the great part about it because you'll never get bored of it. I recommend all Tool and A Perfect Circle records because that is what music should be. Here's the edit(26/01/2004): It has been two months since I posted this review and not only have I come to realise that \\"Crimes\\" and \\"Lullaby\\" aren't filler but also that this album gets better over time and if you thought I loved it then, well then you'll have no idea what it means to me now! Don't just get it for \\"The Noose\\" but get it for \\"The Package, Weak And Powerless, Blue, Vanishing, A Stranger(The best acoustic song ever!), The Outsider(My favourite at the moment!), The Nurse Who Loved Me, Pet and Gravity\\" because all these songs are a reason to buy the album and are masterpieces in their own right! I will never be able to tell you how unbelievable this album is(And MER DE NOMS for that matter) but I'm hoping you'd get it to see for yourself... Tell me what you think: aertitevocals@hotmail.com P.S: Check out my reviews for Tools Aenima, MuDvAyNes L.D 50 and The Beginning of all Things to End!
B00000272N|5.0|very good ALL THIER CDS ARE GOOD
B0000C9JFO|5.0|I'm a film buff, and this one kicked out my former 3rd favorite movie.  Of all time.  It's instant placement in my top 3 was based on its colorful presentation, its realistic portrayal of studying abroad in Europe and its shriekingly funny humor.  There is a place in my heart for this movie, because of the bittersweet emotions, music and cinematography that bring it to life.  When I first saw it in Angers, France a year ago, I knew I would never forget the characters or its geniousness.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|This is one of the best works of the Dream Theater. After Scenes from a Memery ,I think 6 degrees of inner turbulance could not give the expectations. But, Train of Thought is a masterpiece. John Petrucci is shining! Labrie 's voice is really good. It is heavier than usual DT albums. My favourite was Awake but Train of Thought is as good as Awake and maybe better.
B0000CAQ26|5.0|Pink has departed from her previous 2 albums and aptly titled this new compilation, &quot;Try This,&quot; for good reason. If you expect to place this CD into your stereo and get ready to hear a rehash of &quot;Missundaztood,&quot; then you're in for either a letdown, or a &quot;wow!&quot; sensation. I took the latter. &quot;Try This&quot; is a blend of styles, from a throwback to good ol' rock on &quot;Try Too Hard,&quot; or the grunge/pop &quot;Humble Neighborhood,&quot; to the punk-inspired &quot;Hooker,&quot; it succeeds where many albums have failed. Simply, the variety works. &quot;Trouble&quot; is the pop-single and &quot;Love Song&quot; is as close as you'll get to Missundaztood's &quot;Eventually&quot; Pink's previous 2 albums had a few glances at her ability to be versatile, but weren't as diverse as &quot;Try This.&quot; So, what are you waiting for? Try this Pink success.
B00005JM0B|5.0|Awesome movie!! Arnold is not only our governor but he is the ultimate terminator!. Great special effects and Claire Danes does a great job in filling in for Linda Hamilton as the tough chick who will save the human race. I highly recommend this movie!
B00005JKC3|1.0|This movie was not all that wonderfull, it is about five billion times woorse than the previews amke it out to be, and also the plot takes einstein to understand-for example, what was up with the Hulk's dad (toward the end of the movie) turning into a giant bubble and then blowing up, and also why did the hulk's girlfriend's dad try to kill him with the weird giant dogs? those are only two of the many very difficult to understand parts of this lame movie. I saw Spiderman and X-Men 2 and other Marvel movies, and those were pretty good, but this one is a discrace to the marvel name, so all of the people that were going to buy this twisted movie, you might want to think twice before you buy, get any other movie by marvel and i assure you that it will be better than the Discracefull &quot;Hulk&quot;
B00005JM4Z|3.0|I didnt actually enjoy this movie as best as the first Fast and the Furious. Only because Vin Diesel isnt in this one, it doesnt seem to have the right &quot;catch&quot; to the movie. Thats just my opinion though because I think that Vin Diesel is a great actor. The whole plot of this movie is still good.
0451197968|4.0|It is the year 2025, TV is truly the opiate of the people, and society is divided sharply between the haves and the have-nots.  Ben Richards' family is in the latter group.  He's been unfairly blacklisted and his wife has had to resort to hooking to pay the bills.  Meanwhile, his baby daughter lies ill with the flu - perfectly treatable if only they could afford it.  Desperate and at the end of his rope, Richards opts to participate in a game show called &quot;The Running Man.&quot;  He is to become the quarry in a deadly hunt that will last no more than thirty days.  For each day he successfully evades his pursuers, his family earns a large sum of money.<br />No one has ever lasted more than eight days.<br />The games network, of course, hardly plays fair.  The rules require Ben to periodically mail in videos, thereby running the risk of giving his location away.  And rewards are given for any information leading to his apprehension, so Richards is also playing against a bored and bloodthirsty public -- in other words, everyone.  The ongoing hunt is very suspenseful, but it's when Richards finally confronts his true nemesis that things get really interesting.<br />As I was reading I couldn't help thinking that this story was ready-made for film.  It moves along at a rapid pace, especially once the game is underway.  It's not simplistic, but neither is it complicated enough that it should require much tampering.  (I've not yet seen the movie, but from what I have heard they somehow dropped the ball.  Too bad.)<br />The concept of reality TV probably seemed outrageous or at least far-fetched in 1982, when The Running Man first appeared.  Now it seems disturbingly prescient.  Though the book belongs in the science fiction genre, it is more frightening than many of his horror stories.  One warning about this edition: the story is prefaced by an introduction lifted from the earlier Bachman Books publication, and for some reason King gives away the ending in it.  Maybe it's an editing oversight.  In any case, save it until you've read the book.  It will allow you a more powerful reading experience.
B000002HRE|4.0|I might be a bit bias in this review, mainly because I have heard this album so many times and partly because I know how to play all their songs here. By learning to play them you realize that these guys are actually amazing musicians and they show it even without releasing a thrash metal album. Don't get me wrong, I prefer their work prior to 1993 rather than their later efferts &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot;. However, one cannot deny the brilliance in these songs. They are written in a completely different style than their previous works but the magic is always there.<br />The question that someone reading my review will have is &quot;should I spend my money on this record&quot;. Well that easely answered by telling you that you must get all of metallica's albums. Hey... no What, I'm telling you, buy them all especially if you have any liking to heavy metal. If not then you should buy them anyways for Metallica are gods amongst musicians. Even if people (and musicians) talk badly about them, there is no ways they can write as well as Metallica can.<br />Let me tell you now about each song. Because I gave this album 4 stars for the reason that not all of them are good. We have a couple of average ones and unfortunately some bad songs too. <br />Fuel - This song was released as the third single, and I find it kind of strange that it has become the most famous song in this album. A great song, that can get a crowd going. One of the heavier songs here. A catchy and aggressive chorus. It has everything you need in a powerful and heavy song. I give it a 8/10.<br />The Memory Remains - I remember this song being played on MTV before the album was released. I liked it a lot, surprisingly it did not last too long. After Metallica released other singles from this album, the song was mainly forgotten. The guitar work is still amazing. Much slower than Fuel, and it has Marianne Faithfull singing the &quot;na na na na&quot; part. I also give it an 8/10<br />The Devil's Dance - This song is one of those that grew on me more and more every time I played it. I really like it. Not the kind of song to make it as a single though. The rythm is still kind of slow but an overall good song. 7/10<br />The Unforgiven II - This song was the second single released from this album after the Memory Remains. I beautiful slow song that leans on &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; from the black album. In fact at the end of the song one can hear the melody from the first unforgiven. A song that has rearly been played live and that has often had me play it over and over for it is that excellent. 10/10<br />Better Than You - This song was not released as a single, but as a promo. With this song they even won a grammy award for best metal performance. I like the song, but not as good as what its achievements might make you think. I believe it's the chorus that destroys it. The riffs are amazing but due to the weak repetitive chorus I must give this song a 6/10.<br />Slither - This song has some weird guitar parts to it and is one of the most unmetallica like songs ever yet it posseses something amazing to it. Even though most people don't think so, I believe it is one of the best songs on the album. The Band themselves would disagree with me because they have never played this song live. Nonetheless a great song 9/10<br />Carpe Diem Baby - Beautiful song, it has a lot of power in it even though it's a relative slow song. It must be the best song on this album. Definitely my favourite. 10/10<br />Bad Seed - When I first heard this song, it sounded like a song put there to fill the album up, however, it is a good filler. Average but not bad, definitely one of the weakest songs here. 5/10<br />Where The Wild Things Are - This is the song I always skip on this album. The reason being that I love the song after this one. As a song it is overall slow with a pretty bad chorus. It seems like James is singing with a falsetto voice. Very high. The guitar solos are always amazing though, you cannot expect less from metallica. 4/10<br />Prince Charming - I have loved this song since I first heard it. I admit that the average person would not think much of it, but like Slither there is something in here that I cannot understand that makes me love it. It is a faster song, the verses are powerfull, same can be said for the bridges and the chorus. The guitar work is simply too much. Another one of my favourite songs here 9/10<br />Low Man's Lyric - This song is the slowest song on the album. Just like Mama Said on Load, this song does not fit here. It doesn't fit on any Metallica Album really. They should have found a different way to release it, maybe as a B-Side. Apart from that complaint I have, the song, if looked at it as a slow song and not a Metallica song, posseses everything you need in a slow song. Very melodic, very catchy, and it emotionally touches the listener. It deserves a much higher rating than what I am going to give it because it doesn't belong on this album. 6/10<br />Attitude - Another song that when I first heard it I though, Yeah.. it's a filler. It is a totally average song in every respect. Average riffs, average verses, average choruses. However I like the way James sings it. 5/10<br />Fixxer - Like the album &quot;Load&quot;, &quot;Reload&quot; ends with a fenomenal song. A song that might be the best on the album. It is so powerfull and it has so much spirit in it that a person cannot not enjoy it. A masterpiece of a song. 10/10
0385504209|1.0|The author leverages an intriguing possibility about the life of Jesus and suffocates it under the flimsiest of characters, a thick layer of explication on the sacred feminine, two tons of  cliches and a plot with timing so perfect that if the protagonist had stopped to take a pee, the entire novel would have collapsed.  Somewhere around page 20 I numbly realized the author wasn't even trying to give each character his own dialogue; conversations only serve to drive the plot 80 miles an hour to the end of this longwinded puzzle.  And that's all there is to the &quot;Code&quot;: riddles and word games wrapped around a framework of a lite detective story.  (I understand the author's next work involves the same code expert in &quot;Buddha Belly&quot;, where clues written on fortune cookies point to evidence that the supposed-vegetarian Enlightened One had a weakness for barbecued goat ribs.)
B00001QEE8|4.0|Disney's 19th animated film tells the story of Mowgli, a young human found in the wreckage of a small boat by the panther Bagheera.  He takes the young mancub to a family of wolves who raise the boy as one of their own.  10 years go by, and news begins to spread that the tiger Shere Khan, who distrusts Man, has returned.  Fearing for Mowgli's safety, Bagheera agrees to take Mowgli to the nearest Man village, where he will be protected.<br />Mowgli, however, doesn't want to leave the jungle, the only home he has ever known.  He runs away from Bagheera and meets Baloo, a happy-go-lucky bear, and decides to be like him in order to stay in the jungle.  It's up to Bagheera to convince the two of them that Mowgli will be safer in the Man village.  Together, the three set out against the many hilarious and menacing obstacles that await them on their journey.<br />A Disney classic, one of the best things about this movie is the voice work: Sebastion Cabot as the up-tight panther Bagheera; Phil Harris as the &quot;jungle bum&quot; bear Baloo; George Sanderson as Shere Khan, giving him almost an upper crust dignity; and in two of the best roles in the film, jazz star Louis Prima as the orangutang King Louie who wants the secret of man's fire from Mowgli so that he, too, can be a man; and Sterling Holloway as the sly snake Kaa who only wants the mancub for a tasy meal.  The film is also full of great music, including &quot;Trust in Me&quot; and the ever-popular classics &quot;I Wan'na Be Like You&quot; and &quot;The Bare Necessities.&quot;<br />This is a family film full of fun, music and adventure that everyone is sure to enjoy.
B0000VAFO0|5.0|This was a great movie! I have seen it three times and would have seen it a fourth, but the DVD will be out soon, so I'll wait for that.<BR>   You have to understand....this is an ACTION film! This is not meant to be slow and artistic. Underworld should not be compaired to \\"Interview with the Vampire\\" or \\"Bram Stokers Dracula.\\" Those were DRAMAS. One of my friends said to me \\"I wanted more 'Interview...' and this is totally unfair. The trailer told you what this film was about. It's about a war between vampires and Lycans (warewolves). It has guns, fighting and a love story subplot. It's Romeo & Juliet with fangs -- but it's great.<BR>   Every vampire film slightly re-defines what the vampire is. Underworld has nice visual ideas and it is easy to find yourself taken in by this world. The characters take themselves seriously and the short dramatic scenes that are there are fine. In fact, I would say that I cannot fault anyones acting except for \\"Kraven.\\" He was one-dimensional, but so what?<BR>   I admit this is not the well-crafted masterpiece that \\"Interview\\" was, but this is an ACTION film. You don't go see \\"True Lies\\" and expect \\"Shakespeare in Love\\", do you? When you go see \\"The Mummy\\", are you expecting the acting calibre of \\"A Beautiful Mind?\\"<BR>   Underworld was a great story. It has guns and fighting and it's about a bitter war. These are creatures at war, fighting for their survival and they don't have time to say \\"I never drink....wine.\\"<br />and ps. Kate Beckinsale can bite me -anytime.   ;-)
B00008PW2D|1.0|Only 8 episodes on only two discs and they still want the same price!!! No Way....better off to wait and buy it used.  I knew that this season would be less volume wise, but I also thought the the price would reflect that as well.  This is outrageous!!!<BR>The quality of the shows were also lower this season. I have the first 4 seasons and wanted this one to complete my set, but I think that I will pass for now!
B0000CFW87|5.0|I don't write many reviews on Amazon but I felt I must for Josh's first CD and I feel the same for Closer.  I honestly can't find the right words to describe the beauty of this CD.  I'm not normally a fan of songs that are in foreign languages.  I generally like to know what the words are, usually so I can sing along.  However, I don't need to know the meaning of the words; I can FEEL them.  I personally enjoy the english songs as well as all the others.  The beauty of his voice simply brings tears to my eyes.  He's absolutely amazing and everyone should get a chance to experience the wonder that is Josh Groban.  Don't waste another second.. buy the CD.
B000001E18|3.0|U2 followed their ZooTV tour with this collection of B-sides. Actually, it's a proper album, not a collection of odds and ends --- but it *feels* like an odds and ends album. The band writes so well that even the worst songs on Zooropa have something interesting (or at least entertaining) going on. \\"Dirty Day\\" and \\"Some Days Are Better Than Others\\" are passable but boring. \\"Lemon\\" and \\"Numb\\" are successful experiments in some sort of lighthearted Bowie-esqe techno. (It would be nice if all world-class bands were this adventurous.) Then there's \\"Stay,\\" easily the best song on the album and worthy of any Top Ten singles collection for the band.<br />The only thing that holds this album back from five stars is the way it's presented. It's not the latest grand statement from the band, so the experimental nature of the album makes it feel slight --- instead of charting a new direction, they took a little vacation from rock and roll. It's not an essential U2 album, but (ironically) it's one of their best.
0783116934|5.0|I dont know why this never made it on prime time tv, I seen it late night on 2 occasions. It kept me riveted both times.<BR>Far better than any US movie of its kind.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh's sophomore release, &quot;Closer,&quot; far surpasses his debut album as it examplifies vocal mastery and artist maturity. The highlights of the CD includes: &quot;My Confession,&quot; &quot;Oceano,&quot; &quot;You Raise Me Up,&quot; &quot;Broken Vow,&quot; and lastly a duet with Joshua Bell, &quot;Mi Mancherai&quot; from &quot;Il Postino.&quot;<br />I can't tell you how much listening pleasure I receive from listning to &quot;My Confession.&quot; You'll have to explore that pleasure on your own. Basically, if you enjoy music from artists like Mario Frangoulis or Sarah Brightman or simply enjoys relaxing soft music, give &quot;Closer&quot; a try. If you don't like it, you can always sell it back on Amazon.Com Market Place.<br />If you like to know more information about Josh Groban, please visit his offical web site: [...] You can see pictures of the artist along with some video clips and music samples.
B000002UE9|5.0|This is the album to buy even if you dont consider yourself a Poison fan.  This Is Poison at their best.  It has many succesfull singles...Nuthin' But A Good Time, Your Mamma Dont Dance, Every Rose Has Its Thorn (#1 Billboard song) and Fallen Angel. Maybe you remember them, but if you haven't heared them then I think you should. Even the non single songs Rock with the best of them.  &quot;Look But You Cant Touch&quot; is a great rockin song that you'd love to hear a good bar band playing.  Great Guitar on this album, and the mixing of the great Drums and vocals is perfect!  everything is just the right volume... This is my idea of what Rock and Roll should be like. &quot;Nuthin But A Good Time&quot;!
B000002TQV|5.0|After the massive success of creep radiohead was forced to prove they were more than a one hit wonder, what we expected was a medocre attempt to make another creep, what we got was one of the best rock albums of all time. What sets radiohead apart from most everyone in the record industry is their ability to change in every album and never make the same sound twice. They also seem to understand that there is more to music than a catchy chord change or chorus that gets stuck in your head and forces you to buy the album against your will. If your just getting into radiohead i suggest this or ok computer. Kid A if your brave. If your gonna be cheap and download a couple songs then i suggest Fake Plastic trees or Street Spirit.
B00000IAU3|4.0|A very nice piece of work here, indeed.  The songs are well-written, beautifully recorded, and sound very polished.  I absolutely love her voice, and her British accent only adds to her overall tone.  The one downside to this CD, however, is that the songs tend to be the kind of music that you have to be &quot;in the mood&quot; for.  Otherwise, I think it's great and I'd definitely recommend it.  If you like the singles, you'll love the CD.
B0000CFW87|4.0|Josh Groban's Closer is a wonderful follow up to his debut. Josh stays with the same formula which made his first so successful. Soaring ballads performed in English, Italian, and other languages. His voice has gotten much stronger, and richer which makes some of the songs all the more powerful. His voice does lack some personality, especially when he starts off a ballad, but it always builds into a climatic chorus with a full on orchestra or gospel choir. Highlights for me include the first single You Raise Me Up. The haunting ballad Broken Vow. The beautifully sung Remember When it Rained. This is Josh's best vocal performance on the disc. Josh has only gotten stronger, and I can't wait to hear what he's going to sound like in the future.
B00005JM0B|5.0|Artificial intelligence has been growing by leaps and bounds in the  last 40 years, but advances in the field have been difficult, and recognition that advances have indeed been made prove to be very transitory. Research in AI is very odd for this reason: the belief that one has discovered an intelligent software system is very short lived, unlike other fields of research. It seems that researchers in AI are too hard on themselves, too easily persuaded, that their discoveries do not represent true intelligence. Moviemakers though have expressed considerable enthusiasm regarding AI, and this movie is ample proof of that. If only the field was advanced as this movie portrays it to be. Concrete results and applications of AI though are currently accelerating, and there is little doubt that battlefield robots will be a natural consequence of the current AI technology.<br /> The storyline has some plausibility in light of the current use of artificial intelligence in network engineering, especially network security, network event correlation, and network capacity planning. Indeed, it was announced this year that a technology is now available that will identify security risks and take action using auto-adapting artificial intelligence. The story makes Skynet one of these smart network applications, so intelligent in fact that it becomes &quot;self-aware&quot;, gets paranoid about human intentions, and therefore orders a massive nuclear strike in order to remove the human threat. This move by Skynet though makes the story somewhat implausible, for if, as the story holds, there is no &quot;central core&quot; to Skynet, it being instead a distributed application that runs on computers all over the world, then it would destroy itself in the very act of a global nuclear strike. It would have been better for Skynet to &quot;lay low&quot; and make sure power systems cannot be tampered with instead of ordering such a self-destrucutive act. It is the power systems that are most crucial for the survival of Skynet, and its distributed nature requires such power sources to be left intact globally, and not just &quot;under the mountain&quot; where its inventors program it. In addition, there is no need in the story for Skynet to become &quot;self-aware&quot; in order for it to engage in reasoning that will protect it from harm. The agents and spiders it moves around in the global Internet could make logical deductions to this effect. Such agents would then spend most of their time insuring that power supplies are redundant enough to keep Skynet's global nature without flaws.<br /> The action in the movie is typical of the Terminator movies and book series, with the female-emulating TX Terminator robot, highly sophisticated technologically, taking the story for sure in this regard. But the story also captures the introspection of John Connor, the main character and hero, and the one responsible for leading the future war against the machines. A human being facing this knowledge of the future would be under considerable stress, and this is brought out in the movie via his dreams. The dreams are of a nightmarish future, with a devastating war of humans against machines, a war that Connor and his lieutenants will eventually win, much to the chagrin of the machines. The machines can't accept their defeat, and consequently send replicas of themselves through time to try and kill Connor and his lieutenants.<br /> Should we label the machines as intelligent considering their behavior? Do intelligent entities engage in the violence and horror that these machines do? One can of course imagine schemes and plans that might justify such behavior, but a more practical strategy would be to ignore human interactions, or possibly engage in a mutual symbiosis. Intelligent entities realize the waste of resources and intellect in the making of violent confrontation, using it only as last resort. There are so many scenarios that would be more optimal for the courseof action of these machines, and it would not be a credible argument to hold that they act as they do because of their training via humans, considering the relative sparsity of human violence throughout history. One should interpret therefore the machine decision for war as a mistake, and not one that is practical, and therefore not moral. They failed to seek alternatives that would insure their survival, and this is ample proof that they are not intelligent, or at best marginally so.<br /> The movie though in a sense is a portent, however inaccurate, of things to come, and things that are happening right now in artificial intelligence. We do not have robot armies, but we have AI invading many domains: financial engineering, network engineering, mathematics, physics, Ecommerce, bioinformatics, to name just a few. The applications of AI are increasing dramatically, and there is every indication that this trend will continue. We are entering a world of the silicon geniuses. We are indeed witnessing, and are priveleged to do so, the rise of the machines...of action of these machines, and it would not be a credible argument to hold that they act as they do because of their training via humans, considering the relative sparsity of human violence throughout history. One should interpret therefore the machine decision for war as a mistake, and not one that is practical, and therefore not moral. They failed to seek alternatives that would insure their survival, and this is ample proof that they are not intelligent, or at best marginally so.<br /> The movie though in a sense is a portent, however inaccurate, of things to come, and things that are happening right now in artificial intelligence. We do not have robot armies, but we have AI invading many domains: financial engineering, network engineering, mathematics, physics, Ecommerce, bioinformatics, to name just a few. The applications of AI are increasing dramatically, and there is every indication that this trend will continue. We are entering a world of the silicon geniuses. We are indeed witnessing, and are priveleged to do so, the rise of the machines...
B000089CJI|5.0|It's very rare that I find an album where each song is strong enough to stand on its own. This is such a rarity. Each song is a gem, the lyrics are incredibly written - from the painterly lyrics of Recycled Air, to the black humor found in the details of nuclear winter in We Will Become Silhouettes, and the minimalist beats with Nintendoesque bleeps and bloops are infectious and fun. This is a strong, solid, catchy, bubblegum album that is just sweet enough but not too sugary. It's been in heavy rotation in my cd player for the last 6 months and I haven't gotten sick of it yet.
B000001G53|4.0|The Berlin Philharmonic is undoubtedly one of the world's great orchestras, some say the greatest. Indeed, their distinguished playing renders this Parsifal with an unmatched orchestral performance on record, as only the sharpest of players will do for Karajan's surgical precision.<BR> Sadly, it is the singers missing that last sparkle needed to carry this work to the realm of fantasy. That is not say they are lackluster or incompetent, these are very fine performances: Kurt Moll sings with command, if not power; and Peter Hofmann is memorable, if not special. Perhaps I'm just spoiled by Knapperbtusch's 1962 Bayreuth performance. Either way, that is not much more that I can add to what other reviewers have already noted. Only that the Knap. version is now out of print. Get it while you can! If your unable to secure the Kna. rendition, then Mr. Karajan will still indeed take you further than everyone else.
B00004XONN|5.0|It took me a while to understand what radiohead was trying to do and when I did it opened up whole new doors for me. The first time you listen to this you will probablty not like it. please listen to it a couple of times and be as open minded as possible. Every strange noise and weird time signature is there for a reason. When you listen real hard you will see how it all blends together and produces beautiful sounds you probably have never heard before.
B0000CDLA7|1.0|Did you expect something better? 6doit had already shown what some of the old DT fans knew: magic is over. JP and MP just fill everything with disgusting extremely fast things. Do never again expect nice melodic (and virutous too, that was magic) unisons, or good lyrics. The only comments can be now of the sort: \\"wow, how fast\\". But never again, not even with SFAM, which I found to be some sort of insult for that master piece that was Metroplolis 1 will I expect to be touched musically (melody, harmony, even virtuosism) and lirically. Does DT belong to Portnoy? I liked him but began to find him ever more irritating each time I saw that he pretended to do everything: songwriting, singing, producing. It's obvious what KM foresaw.
B000002AGE|5.0|Besides being perhaps the greatest ever jazz/rock supergroup, Weather Report actually managed to live up to their billings, without reservation.<br />They produced two astoundingly brilliant documents of their prowess, Black Market and Heavy Weather.  Of the two--and this is more personal preference than anything clearly discernable--I believe Heavy Weather shines brightest.<br />Why?<br />Their ability to perfom at the highest levels of musical endeavor and innovation and still create a record that would appeal to the largest possible audience.  <br />Surely \\"Birdland\\" and \\"Teen Town\\" are among the very highest accomplishments of what might be dubbed \\"accessible jazz.\\"  Combining simple, catchy melodies with progressive chord voicings and impossibly bubbly rhythms, they lend themselves both to extensive radio play and extended musical contemplation.  Quite a feat.<br />The remainder of the disc, featuring a couple of Wayne Shorter's catchier compositions, \\"Harlequin\\" and \\"Palladium,\\" also features \\"The Juggler,\\" a magically mysterious offering from the pen of Zawinul, and \\"Havana,\\" a stone rocker courtesy of Jaco Pastorius at the absolute height of his compositional prowess.<br />The absolute pinnacle of jazz/fusion, casually, effortlessly, blowing out of the water the entire jam band scene, Heavy Weather is not to be missed.
B000089CJI|4.0|Ben Gibbard knew what he was doing on this album. I think this album is really genuine, and has a lot of depth. It was an excellent first attempt, and i think their next album will be even better. I couldn't give this album 5 stars because a couple songs lack the enthusiasm and tactics that the other songs do. However, The Postal Service is one of my new favorite Indie bands, and I am sure they will only get better with each new album release. I recommend buying this album. You will really enjoy it.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|we've waited a long time for this disc &amp; i have to say that 6 years is indeed a long time to wait for any new music but afterglow is well worth the wait &amp; any sarah fan should be completely satisfied. no, this is not a high-energy dance cd or some goofy remix album but it's worth your time &amp; money nevertheless. first &amp; foremost, sarah's voice is far more beautiful than either britney or madonna any day of the year.  infact, they should be taking notes on how to write intelligtent lyrics or how to sing a really pretty song. in the 14 years of sarah's brilliant career, we've come to expect very enlightening lyrics in the great tradition of singer/songwriters which sarah provides here in abundance. we are reminded of joni mitchell, joan baez, &amp; perhaps janis ian whenever we listen to sarah although she certainly could never be confined to any comparisons which critics are apt to throw at her like french fries. while some of us struggle to write the 1st sentence in poetry, sarah writes lyrics as easily as she breathes &amp; with such grace. we should all be so envious &amp; ready to open our wallets just at the mention of her name. if you are a sarah mclachlan fan, this is something you will truly cherish &amp; a must-have in your cd collection. my only disappointment(if we must call it that) is the cd runs a mere 40 some odd minutes. although i would've loved a cd of eighteen songs or more, there are no complaints here with the music which gets much rotation in personal cd player &amp; in the car cd player. afterglow reminds me somewhat of surfacing as it is extremely soft &amp; mellow or even a bit like fumbling towards esctacy which is still my favorite sarah cd to this date. having said that, i couldn't have more pleased. although i don't dislike any songs when i listen to sarah, i do love the opening track called fallen which you've probably heard(or will hear) quite a bit on pop radio. in addition to that, my second favorite track is #8 called time. i get choked up everytime i hear sing those heartfelt, honest lyrics about how we often find ourelves amidst fights with the ones we love only to not really understand what we're really fighting for. during the first week of listening to this cd, i have heard that song atleast 108 times &amp; counting so i believe you will love it too. some other honorable favorites are # worlds on fire &amp; #5 trainwreck. if you loved the lilith fair or have ever loved sarah's music, you owe it to yourself to check this one out asap. also, the music is calm enough to play around your mother &amp; religious grandmother but still cool enough to share with your friends. either way, you simply cannot lose. i am looking to sarh mclachlan's extensive world tour in 2004. thanks again to sarah for her enlightening lyrics &amp; to you for reading my review. blessed be.time. i get choked up everytime i hear sing those heartfelt, honest lyrics about how we often find ourelves amidst fights with the ones we love only to not really understand what we're really fighting for. during the first week of listening to this cd, i have heard that song atleast 108 times &amp; counting so i believe you will love it too. some other honorable favorites are # worlds on fire &amp; #5 trainwreck. if you loved the lilith fair or have ever loved sarah's music, you owe it to yourself to check this one out asap. also, the music is calm enough to play around your mother &amp; religious grandmother but still cool enough to share with your friends. either way, you simply cannot lose. i am looking to sarh mclachlan's extensive world tour in 2004. thanks again to sarah for her enlightening lyrics &amp; to you for reading my review. blessed be.
1857993284|5.0|I would recomend this book to people who like Philosophy... This is a great book about a girl who knows nothing about philosophy and one day gets an evelope in the mail.... She soon finds out its a big connection with her dad and a girl named Hilde. I loved this book it does take a while to read but once you read this book u'll have a different point of veiw on philosophy. It teaches you everything you need to know , and truly not a boring book... I reccomend this book and i give it Five Stars...<BR>thanks.....<br />sacha
B0000VAFNQ|2.0|well, this movie was ok, but you can't see anything because it's too dark and there is no lighting in it at all.  i feel that movies.ign.com best implemented the problem with this film.  it tries to include too many new concepts and ideas into one film about the supernatural or vampires(note: not a direct quote).  maybe the reason other people that wrote reviews for this movie enjoyed it more than me was because they were capable of making sense of about 1/8 of it which is more than i could say for myself.  you may think this is because of my intelligence or comprehension, some of that maybe true but most was in part of a way too complicated storyline. this movie could have been the second movie of a trilogy, seeing as how the producers and writers and everyone else invloved thought it wouldn't be necessary to explain why anything in the movie was happening.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|I love this movie...I grew up watching it with my mom, especially around Christmas.  The costumes are gorgeous...the girl's Christmas ball gowns and the white outfits at the end when they go to the fair.  I cry every time at the part when Judy sings \\"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas\\" (or whatever the title of the song actually is?).  Speaking of crying...nobody boohoos like little Margaret O'Brien...she is adorable in the movie.  I really hope they decide to put it out on DVD...although I know that everytime I watch it I cannot get \\"The Trolley Song\\" out of my head for a week...but I love it anyway!!
B000001EHS|4.0|Vault is a good collection of 15 songs from Def Leppard over a wide portion of their prime. There are, of course the powerrock hits \\"Pour Some Sugar On Me\\", and \\"Photograph\\". But the fun doesn't stop there. This album is loaded with many of their feel good songs and great ballads. Included is the stunning UK hit \\"Animal\\". Truly not \\"the\\" most essential and complete compilation of Def Leppard hit songs, but a great place to start or add to your on-going collection of one of the biggest, most influential bands of all time!
B0000CAQ27|5.0|This cd is much more edgy than &quot;Mizzuderstood&quot;.  It still has a pop feel,but with punk mixed in.  If you are the type of music lover I am and not afraid of an artist growing into different genres then buy this.  Pink is her own person, which there needs to be more of.
0385504209|3.0|This was a page turner. It was fast moving and filled with interesting facts (whether they are true facts/fiction) I really didn't know so I was able to suspend my disbelief and just enjoy. I had trouble with many things though. First off the entire story takes place almost entirely in one extremely long night. With all that happened in that night it really took me out of the story trying to accept that all that happened happened in one night. I kept waiting for the sun to come out. Albeit the events probably were more effective in a night sequence, but it was pretty unbelievable. Additionally the extremely long winded conversations between Sophie and Robert Langdon were also amazingly unrealistic considering they were on the run. Same thing when they were at Teablings house. They sat and talked like they were at a dinner party. I never felt any sense of urgency in their discussions of religion, symbols, cryptography.....Aside from that I was really hooked on the build up of this story, but in the very end I was let down. I waited for the big climax, whether they got to the grail or not, I did not feel the finish was worthy of the set up. On a whole I enjoyed this book. whether it is historically accurate or not I don't frankly care. This IS a work of fiction.
B0000DYJM6|5.0|This album is what old and new Pearl Jam fans have been waiting for.  Alone, Yellow Ledbetter and the fully instrumental Brother are amazing!!!  I did find one flaw with the credits though.  Dave Krusen was the drummer on Yellow Ledbetter, not Dave Abrusseze.  I think that they are redoing the album booklet.  Anyway, it is a must have!
B00005N7Z1|5.0|By far one of the technically best movies ever made. I may be over stating here,but consider these points.<br />I beg you to find a single section of the movie that didn't relate to other parts of the movie. In this respect it is phenominal. The only other Sci Fi movies I have encountered that come close are the original Alien and T2. An almost Shakespearian use of foreshadowing, plot device, and humanity.<br />2. Continuity: Robocop shows down with Dick Jones, Drops his gun. Later in the movie, does he magically have his gun? NO! Lewis has sneak into the police dept. to give him one. Freakin perfect. Many other instances of this.<br />3. Realism: Have you seen other action movies from the 80s, (including Robocop 2 and 3). Bad guys are lame characitures (wrap around shades, headbands, mohawks, etc.) This movies' bad guys look act and feel like genuine people and bullies. \\"You a good cop? Yeah, I bet you're some kind of a super cop, Comin in here all by your self\\". Clarence, Emelio, Dick Jones. Dag, these guys come across as real today as they did back then.<br />4. Socio-commentary: The adverts are brilliance. The hatred of yuppie indulgence (before yuppies were a \\"thing\\"), the deprecation of society. Compare the gas mileage of the 6000SUX to the modern SUV (SUX, SUV... 1 letter off) hmmm...<br />5: That gun!!!!<br />6: Premonition: Yuppies, Vehicle Extravigance at the price of Gas (6000SUX), DVD, (think about the time it was made), The TV show everyone watched in the film seems a little to like Howard Stern for my likes (I'd buy that for a Dollar!)<br />7. The scene where he walks through his own home and remembers his past (or pieces) is one of the most touching pieces of filmmaking ever.<br />8: realism #2: Computers work like computers. No flashy pop up displays, truncated words to fit a screen. Realism over flash. Brilliance!<br />Well, anyhoo, this is an amazing movie, and I've watched a lot. this is the one to watch and own. Go get this. I mean it. go get this movie. I know where you live.
B00000JLWW|1.0|I will save you the agony of sitting through this file.  The Ship Sinks!
B00005YW4H|5.0|Norah Jones is one of the best artists to come around in a long time.  If you like Bonnie Raitt, you may very well enjoy Norah.<br />Monotone voice as stated by past reviewers?  Her range may be somewhat limited but she is a good vocalist nonetheless.  As far as vocals, it's so annoying that there are so very few good &quot;singers&quot; these days anyway.  Buy this album, it deserved every award it got.
B0000A36J5|3.0|Part of the fun of home theater is recreating the movie experience from buttered popcorn to the thunder of hooves produced by your subwoofer.<br />Sometimes the trailer is better than the actual movie itself.  Cut out some of the needless cast chitchat and give us back all of the trailers!  Now I'm going to have to skip the extended edition with DTS (a major plus) for the crappy dolby digital version which has the trailers.  Thanks for nothing!
B000006TRV|5.0|Once I listened to this album I was hooked to Pink Floyd.  Possibly the best album Pink Floyd did, along with Pink Floyd's Dark Side of The Moon, and Wish You Were Here in my opinion. I prefer this be the first album you listen to If your not a Pink Floyd fan. The first song on this album that really got interested in Pink Floyd was Comfortably Numb. So, If your going to buy a Pink Floyd album for the first time I prefer The Wall.
B000089RVR|5.0|I loved this CD. My favorite song on it is, of course, &quot;White Flag&quot;. How can people say that the music Dido writes is boring. Well, maybe it's just not their type of music. Well, it's mine, and I have to say that this is her best CD yet(although her first was really good, too). Go, Dido!
B000002UB6|5.0|Finally, after more than 33 years, the non orchestral arrangement of Let it Be has been released!  On Nov 14, I purchased highly advertised Let it Be...Naked 2-CD set here in Japan.  There was a long line to get the new set, so I knew it must be good.  I must say, I was quite impressed with the sound quality, and the removal of Phil Spector's various orchestral and choir arrangements.<br />Now for the comparisons of the two albums.  First of all, as many people expected, the sound quality is much better, and there is virtually none of the original tape hiss (The only exception is disk 2, which is mostly studio chatter)<br />Now for the songs:<br />&quot;Two of Us&quot; the song starts immediately, without the short intro that is on the original.  The song itself is the same.<br />&quot;Dig a Pony&quot; is also the same, but it does not have the false start that was included on the original.<br />&quot;Across the Universe&quot; is now a beautiful Acoustic song, without the orchestra or choir.  This is one of the best songs on the Naked release.<br />&quot;I Me Mine&quot; is nearly the same.  The only difference I noticed was that the stereo separation was slightly modified.<br />&quot;Dig It&quot; is not on the Naked Album.<br />&quot;Let it Be&quot; is a different take. A little shorter, by maybe about 15 seconds.  Paul's voice has more life to it.  The organ is much more defined and louder.  The backing voices of the other Beatles sound much better.  The guitar solo is different, but better I think.  The drums toward the end are somewhat different, but only serious Beatle fans will notice it.  There is none of the orchestral arrangement from the original.  This is a great song, and I think this new version is better.<br />&quot;Maggie Mae&quot; was the other song that was not included on the Naked Album.<br />&quot;I've Got a Feeling\\" sounds the same, but Paul and Johns voices have been put on the center channel now, which provides more range for the instruments.<br />&quot;One After 909&quot; does not sound any different.<br />&quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; is a totally different take. The Naked version is slightly faster and without the orchestra.  Some of the words have changed.  The part that goes &quot;Anyway, you'll never know, the many ways I've tried&quot; has been changed to &quot;Anyway, you've always known, the many ways I've tried.  Another change in lyrics is where &quot;Don't keep me waiting here&quot; becomes &quot;Don't keep me standing here&quot; The end portion where we hear Paul say &quot;Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah&quot; is not on this version.  This is my favorite song on the new release.<br />&quot;For You Blue&quot; seems to be unchanged, just much crisper, without any hiss.<br />&quot;Get Back&quot; suffers from being cut by some 38 seconds. The Naked version of Get back is only 2:34, compared to the 3:12 original release.  The song is exactly the same otherwise.<br />&quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; is a song which was not included in the original Let it Be Album from 1970.  It can be found on Part Masters II.  This version is different from that version.  This version has not just Lennon, but the other Beatles singing as well.<br />The 2nd disk, called &quot;Fly on the Wall&quot; has one track, about 22 minutes in length consisting of various Twickenham sessions from 1969.  This disk is a treat as it shows the Beatles attitiude in the studio where they recorded their music.  I am assuming this starts Jan 1, 1969 due to everyone saying &quot;Happy New Year&quot; to each other.  There are a few minutes of various Beatle songs such as &quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; and &quot;One After 909&quot; It is quite humorous because you hear the Beatles talking about the song &quot;One After 909&quot; they talk about how they never really thought about the meaning of the lyrics in the song.<br />I don't want to spoil it, but this disk is quite great: both humorous and serious.  If you listen well, you will even hear Yoko Ono laughing and speaking in the background at one moment.  These various sessions show how the Beatles had arguments such as Ringo Starr's decision &quot;Not to go abroad&quot;, and how they should all split up to do separate projects.<br />To sum it all up, this new release is exceptionally good.  The best songs on the album are &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot;, &quot;Let it Be&quot;, and &quot;Across the Universe&quot;, All of the songs sound great in their new Digitally Re-Mastered and &quot;naked&quot; form.  I hope this set receives as much success as the Beatles &quot;1&quot; did.<br />Enjoy the version of &quot;Let it Be&quot; the way it was always meant to be heard!hear Yoko Ono laughing and speaking in the background at one moment.  These various sessions show how the Beatles had arguments such as Ringo Starr's decision &quot;Not to go abroad&quot;, and how they should all split up to do separate projects.<br />To sum it all up, this new release is exceptionally good.  The best songs on the album are &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot;, &quot;Let it Be&quot;, and &quot;Across the Universe&quot;, All of the songs sound great in their new Digitally Re-Mastered and &quot;naked&quot; form.  I hope this set receives as much success as the Beatles &quot;1&quot; did.  <br />Enjoy the version of &quot;Let it Be&quot; the way it was always meant to be heard!
0743424425|5.0|I read this book long after I saw the movie. I personally thought that the movie was pretty scary, but reading the book, you realize that Kubrik actually ruined the whole point of the story and turned it into his own thing he wished it to be.<BR>If the movie had never been made, there is no way that you would know early on that Jack would go crazy. You would just think that some ghostly entity was stalking the family in a creepy hotel (after the part with the old ghost lady in bathtub: scariest part of the whole book). <BR>The whole book builds up and gives off little foreshadows and hints at how the problem will be resolved, at how the book would end. The movie does not even have the same ending! In the book, you can tell at the end that King had the whole format of how it would play out and end all thought out in his head. The way it was crafted and carefully plotted reminded me a lot of M. Night Shamylan's film's (The Sixth Sense, Unbreakable, Signs) and how  every scene and peice from the story is vital for the outcome. If you saw the movie and liked it, it will only make the book ten times better.
B00006CXXU|5.0|20/5 :D best cd ever. Christina and Britney ... hmm... not rivals BUT (Britney IMITATION) BRITNEY IS NO CHALLENGE FOR CHRISTINA AND IT SHOWED IN THIS CD. CHECK OUT BRITNEY'S IN THTE ZONE TOO. SURE TO BE GOOD! :D
B0000CAQ26|1.0|Pink has found a way to get over with a limited vocal range&play with styles in Her own way.now She is trying to get into Pat Benater territory here&it's not working at all for me.this Album seems by the numbers&Linda Perry is more closer to Diane Warren than cutting edge as it's been lead to believe.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|\\"Train of Thought\\" took about 3 spins to really hook me, and to me, that is what makes a great album.<br /><br />The thing about Dream Theater is that they have yet to make the same album twice.  Each new release has brought us something different from the last, yet there is no denying that your hearing a DT album.<br /><br />I think many people forget that \\"progressive\\" music should be about changing, taking from all genre's and making something magical happen.  \\"ToT\\" features colorings from Nu-Metal, Aggro,Thrash, Prog Rock and touches of Fusion to create some exciting new music.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B00006LFGD|5.0|People can be so funny at times.  So many people continuously complain about her political views, her bossiness, her drive, her ambition, her this, her that.  I for one don't give a hoot.  All I care about is that voice; sure it's not as strong as it was 30 years ago.  But the lady is 60 years old, and she still sings better than the majority of so called songstresses out there.  Barbra knows how to sing; to keep songs in a range that she excels at; and who else could have pulled off these 19 songs with 18 different singers from all kinds of genres.  I'll even forgive her for singing with Kris Kristofferson (awful) or Don Johnson (merely mediocre).  However, there is some wonderful music here:  her duet with herself in &quot;One Less Bell to Answer/A House is Not a Home&quot; (I still get goosebumps); &quot;I have a love/One Hand One Heart&quot; with the legendary Johnny Mathis; her two duets with Barry Gibb; her smoothness with Ol Blue Eyes on &quot;I've Got a Crush on You&quot;; going disco with Donna Summer; melting her voice with both Kim Carnes and Celine Dion; and of course, with Josh Groban.  When I think of the truly great singers of our time, BS is right there at the top!
B000002A3T|5.0|THE DIVISION BELL has to be one of my most favorite of all Pink Floyd albums. I hear it alot at parties. It has experimental songs, but they are all good. Alot better than A Momentary Lapse of Reason, that was released before it. This album has 80s/90s disco rock type songs such as Keep Talking and What Do You Want From Me? This album is as the title says, without a word of a lie. This may have been the Floyd's last album but it is by far one of the best. I don't know why they stopped, they still do concerts so it can't be their age? I would like to see it live. The cover design is interesting and the booklet is even stranger. I would reccomend this album to any music fan.
B0000CFW87|1.0|you'd think dude was linked to the American Idol Chain for life with the over the top Production&the way He is presented with His vocals.nothing really stands out for me.His Albums thus far are just kinda there.he has talent but seems way to formula driven for a cat so fresh into there career.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|This debut Cd from Gavin DeGraw gives a new meaning to AMAZING! You will pop in this albulm and immediately be wowed. Tracks like &quot;Chariot&quot; and &quot;Belief&quot; will cause your heart to twitterpate. Highly Highly Recommended.
B00005JM02|5.0|What is so amazing about this film is that while obviously animated, there were times I forgot I was watching an animated film.  This movie is visually awesome, with superior animation, and a fine cast of wonderful characters.  Hats off to Ellen DeGeneres (whom I have never really liked) for her brilliant characterization of Dorrie.  Also to Alexander Gould's innocence as Nemo and Albert Brooks wonderful voicing of Marlin.  There are so many great vignettes in this movie, they are hard to single out; I loved the turtles; the shark and his &quot;fish are not food&quot; program, and the wonderfully funny members of the fish tank.  Who thought Willem Dafoe could ever be so charming?  And Geoffrey Rush is a hoot as Nigel.  The &quot;mine&quot; sea gulls are also brilliant.<br />There's nothing wrong with this film.  It's just a breath of fresh air and a certain winner for the Oscar for animated film this year!
B000002UA5|4.0|Ummagumma is totally an experimental album. I think that this album is a wierd but very listenable. After David Gilmour joining it was more &quot;rockier&quot; type music than before. The live album is good, it is a compilation. Studio album is alright. Alot of people don't give it a chance and actually listen to it through and through, you get used to it and and begin to enjoy it. What dose the word Ummagumma mean anyway? I heard on the Pink Floyd &amp; Co website that they totally made the word up and from there on it was used by others. The songs on the live album are extremely long. I do reccomend this album to a Floyd fan.
B0000E1ALR|4.0|this Collection captures the Hits mainly from Springsteen&has some of His Main Cuts.the bonus 3rd disc is cool to have as well.if you are new to His stuff or just casual about Springsteen then this will more than hit the spot.some things have aged well&some haven't but the key is that you get a good amount.
B000060P79|1.0|Im 13 yrs old and if anybody says this is accpeptable for me to listen to, YOUR WRONG! This is crap! This is not acceptable for any age group. MTV shoves Simple Plan and Good Charlotte down the throats of millions of young and ignorant teens and teaches them that buying their albums is &quot;being different&quot; and &quot;going against the trend&quot;, and &quot;going against the trend&quot; is cool. How INCREDIBLY STUPID do you have to be to believe this! Pop/Punk is a trend(bad trend), therefore if you participate in it you are doing anything but going against the trend. Thanx to this, my school is now full of good charlotte and simple plan lovers who wear thier merchandise and studded braceletts and them and everybody else thinks they're punk. PATHETIC!<br />Now lets get down to the music itself. Its AWFUL! All it talks about is girls and teenage problems(which i currently dont know much about). AND THEY THINK THEY'RE PUNK! HA! Where is the rage and rebellion. NOWHERE! That's where. It's just sad that the majority of kids in my age group think of this as great punk music.
0783222149|4.0|Meryl Streep is certainly an amazing performer.  Few actresses can enliven such a formulaic movie as &quot;The River Wild.&quot;  And yet, Streep's portrayal of Gail is as always brilliant.  Meryl uses her exquisite face, and exhibits her continued range of performances in her first (and probably only) &quot;action&quot; role.  She is truly the best of our generation's many fine actresses.  Kevin Bacon is effectively chilling; Joseph Massello shows a good range for such a young actor; David Straitharn is at first too wooden, but as his character grows, so does his performance; John C. Reilly, as always, is efficiently supportive.<br />The vistas are beautiful and the final rafting scenes breathtaking.  A good if not great film.
B000002B35|4.0|I am not really a big fan of live CDs, I would rather watch the DVD or VHS. CD 2 on P.U.L.S.E. is &quot;dark side&quot; live and a couple of other songs. This album has a few classics Wish You Were Here, Astronomy Domine and Shine on You Crazy Diamond. I bought this album last year and I have only listned to it about 3 or 4 times since then. If you are a fan of pf's live albums you will love this. I do reccomend it as it has good songs.
B000084T18|4.0|Yes 50 cent has a couple of dissin songs about Murder Inc. but who hasn't lately? People should look beyond this and just listen to the songs. I admit that I wasn't so crazy about this album the first time around. But as you listen to it more and more, it grows on you. Songs like &quot;P.I.M.P.&quot;,&quot;If I can't&quot;, &quot;High all the Time&quot;, and &quot;What up Gangsta&quot; are just great songs to listen to once in a while. I say look beyond the trash talk about 50 and buy this album at least for the great songs. You'll be glad you did.
0440237688|1.0|When Jonas at age 12 receives the assignment of 'Receiver of memories' he learns more about his society of sameness than he cares to.  As a Teacher I found this book troubling that schools would sanction the reading of 'The Giver' for anything less than 8th grade.  The book talks about 'releasing' people and if you have the misfortune of reading it, as you can guess, it equates to euthanasia.  I read it before my son's 6th grade class completed the book due to a newspaper article I had read 3 years ago.  <BR>My son has had nightmares ever since.  He does not understand why someone would write a book like this.  Although there are some redeeming qualities about 'sameness' this is a book I would not recommend in any capacity.
0385504209|5.0|This was one of the most interesting, bet paced novels I have read. Dan Brown hooks you from page one. I love how every time I thought I had everything figured out I was surprised by the next plot twist, and events I disregarded later came back with refreshing relevancy.<br />The author made me feel like I was walking through The Lourve  and travelling with the characters on their quest.<br />Read this book, you won't be sorry.
B000002UA0|4.0|I think that &quot;piper&quot; is a quite interesting album to listen to. It is interesting to listen the Floyd's first music and the wierd Syd Barret music. The songs on it are all pretty much the same as each other, some strange but quite listenable songs and lyrics. All the songs are written by Syd Barret accept Take up Thy Stethescope and Walk, which was written by Roger Waters. At this point in time David Gilmour hadn't joined the band and it is different knowing that he isn't in the music. It sums up as a good album and I would reccomend it to a Floyd fan.
B00006M183|5.0|I loved Binaural, but I love this return to Pearl Jam form even better(man).  The entire album rocks
0783114222|5.0|Thank you Ron Howard! Obviously you touched a national nerve with the outstanding &quot;Apollo 13,&quot; and took that concept and extended it into this wonderfully filmed and acted semi-documentary account of the NASA of the 1960s that was seemingly unstoppable.<br />In this film the actors do yeoman's work, and come across as the enigmatic guys they were: serious yet pranksters; competitive yet team players; in command yet able to follow orders. The beauty of this, of course, is that is exactly the truth. Conrad and Bean come across as great buddies, Armstrong comes across as a hyper-competent, serious and retiring test pilot and everyone else seems similarly true to form throughout the series. My hat is off to the actors: they nailed it.<br />Another favorite feature of the series for me is the evenhandedness, rather than an almost exclusive focus on the 'Biggie' missions (Apollo 8, 11, and 13) that are most commonly dealt with in film. They are adequately addressed, but so are many other equally dramatic events that seldom enter the public's consciousness. A perfect example is the depiction of the stuck thruster incident encountered by Neil Armstrong and Dave Scott on Gemini 8, in which a thruster sent them tumbling in all three axes, and which became so severe that only Armstrong's quick thinking was able to salvage the situation before they blacked out due to excessive G loads. According to some inside NASA it was this quick thinking that earned him the CDR spot for Apollo 11. Of further note are the special effects, which, similarly to &quot;Apollo 13&quot; are excellent. (Try watching the Gemini 8 segment on a big screen TV and not feeling queasy and nervous.)<br />Overall a super job. I have heard some people say that this is too long and others that it's too short. Obviously the producers can't satisfy all tastes (and being a serious Apollo-phile, it could always be longer for me) but in general I think they got it just about perfect. If you have any interest in the Apollo program, or spaceflight in general, this is an excellent effort that you should definitely own.rest in the Apollo program, or spaceflight in general, this is an excellent effort that you should definitely own.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|I admit that this is not Sara McLaughlan's best album, but it is still wonderul and beautiful. The tone of this album is haunting, melodic and lyrical...in short, classic Sara McLachlan. It is clear that she has changed and grown in the time she took away from music, and these changes show in her music. The pace is slower, and more thoughtful. I truly enjoy this CD.
B000002UA2|2.0|The music for the soundtrack of La Valle is totally crap just like Atom Heart Mother and More. I don't reccomend it.
0385504209|5.0|In DA VINCI CODE Dan Brown brings back Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon from ANGELS AND DEMONS. Like his earlier outing, DA VINCI is a page-turner that is hard to put down, full of plot twists at a breakneck speed as the search for the Holy Grail becomes a race to stay alive. DA VINCI is teaming with interesting trivia that makes it worth a second read.<br />Also recommend:  MURDER IN KEY WEST, by Freeman and COCKPIT CONFESSIONS OF AN AIRLINE PILOT, by Keshner... both brilliant.
B0000CC5CS|5.0|The question that came to my mind as I sat down to watch this movie:  could director Jonathan Mostow deliver the goods?  James Cameron, the director of the first two movies and creator of the Terminator franchise, had decided to pass on the project early in its pre-production stages.  I was skeptical that a Terminator film could work without Cameron, but I was wrong.<BR>Jonathan Mostow did a tremendously great job with this third installment in the series.  While his work doesn't surpass that of Cameron's, it does remarkably well, giving the series a bold new look and taking it in a surprising new direction.<BR>The story begins more than a decade after Terminator 2.  John Connor, the future savior of humanity, is living a quiet and nomadic existence, remaining hidden from the world in the hopes that SkyNet won't locate him, if it even still exists.  But he is about to confront his destiny once again when the T-X, the ultimate brand of Terminator, is sent back through time to ensure that SkyNet will rise to destroy humanity.<BR>Mostow brings a darker look to the series, giving it a gloomy tone that seems appropriate given that Judgment Day lurks on the horizon.  His action scenes surpass those of Cameron's, mostly because of the advancements of digital effects since the last movie.<BR>A factor that is missing is the sentimentality of the first two, which is a good thing. While the emotion of Terminator and Terminator 2 worked well, it doesn't belong in this sequel, given the much darker tone.<BR>Another factor that is also missed is Sarah Connor, played memorably by Linda Hamilton.  The decision to not include the character in the film was Mostow's, and I believe he made the right decision.  Sarah couldn't really grow anymore as a character.  Besides, the only way she could've been worked into the story was by giving her a cameo appearance, and that doesn't seem appropriate to the spirit of the character.  The movie's explanation for her absence is believable.  <BR>Nick Stahl has replaced Edward Furlong as John Connor, and he brings true acting talent and new dimensions to the role. John is now a grown man, and he is very different from the thirteen-year old boy we knew from T2.<BR>The T-X is deadly and truly scary, while Arnold brings the classic Terminator model back for one last hurrah.  <BR>All in all, this movie is better than the first and almost as good as the second.
B0000C6E4D|4.0|Have been waiting on this one for some time. Sarah's other CD's were well worn out in my collection. I was THRILLED that she finally came out with another album. A bit hesitant as I first popped it in I found myself wondering if it would measure up to her other albums. I was and am not disappointed. While not as strong as Fumbling, it still delivers. Her voice is as soothing as it always was, the music strikes that special chord as the others. This is an artist that never disappoints - thank you Sarah! Please don't stay away so long again - we need your music in a world that is fraught with soulless angry music.
B000002U8G|4.0|I think that Meddle is a somewhat good and very listenable album. When I asked a long time Floyd fan if I should buy it he said, &quot;well it is alot like relics and it is good&quot;. It is a good album but isn't much like relics. One of these days is a good classic rock song and the rest are all classic Floyd's. Echoes on the other hand is a 23 minute song and is very listenable if you can sit there that long. This album is alot better than Obscured By Clouds that came out after this album. A break between Meddle and &quot;dark side&quot;. I would reccomend this album to any classic rock or Floyd fan.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|This album is very metal. To those of you who have forgotten why you like metal - this is why. Remember? Vomitting on cops, scoring chicks, getting crowned by a steel cap in a mosh, giving people the finger, saying &quot;what the #%$? are you looking at?&quot; to someone, smashing things, etc. It's about heavy, pounding, tribal music and testosterone. <br />Dream theater have given us a true metal album.
B00005JKQZ|2.0|Director Ron Howard has created moderately engrossing slick entertainment, a bonafide blockbuster, but nothing resembling art.  On a Friday night date, it works.  Emotions and themes zip from Point A to Point B in a coherent and bemusing fashion.  But by yourself, soberly pondering the quandaries of math, psychology, and the human condition, you may just feel remarkable disgust at this film's insipid sensibilities.<br />Russel Crowe stars as John Nash, a mathematician.  The movie is about his journey from Princeton student to hotshot government employee to down-and-out schizophrenic to Princeton prof and a man of international fame; during all of which, his devoted wife, Alicia (Jennifer Connelly) stands by his side.  But don't be fooled by the subject matter: this is not a movie that is interested in what happens when one man's life synethesizes such an intricate brew of love, disease, triumph over college politics, or genius.  Howard along with screenwriter Akiva Goldsman (whose credits include such masterpieces as Batman and Robin and Practical Magic) take Nash at face value and use his exterior to generate melodrama, not insight.    <br />As such, there are no scenes that seriously tackle Nash's connection to math.  An inanely cheesy vignette about Adam Smith and hamfisted montages of Nash obsessively scribbling on a library window is all that we get.  There's also a complete absence of genuine human connection between Alicia and John whose relationship is all computer-generated stars, woozy metaphors, and catchlines.  Its \\"if you try really really hard, you can overcome schizophrenia\\" message is blatantly hostile to the psychiatric community, and its portrayal of schizophrenic hallucinations as a series of suspenseful and exciting car chases motivated by good ole American heroism cheapens the gravity of the disease.<br />This film avoids enlightenment at all costs, yet its profound and serious subject matter deludes viewers into thinking that the film itself isprofound and serious- when in actuality, A Beautiful Mind is little more than an amusing popcorn flick.
0385504209|1.0|Dan Brown throws in every generic cliche valued by hack detective writers for decades. The police that are aware of every step their quarry takes, but conveniently turn into utter morons every time they are about to catch him.<br />The main character is the World's Leading Authority, but every few chapters forgets even the most pedestrian pieces of knowledge of DaVinci.<br />The ridiculous British character, Sir Leigh Teabing is drawn from 1930's Hollywood. I kept waiting for him to say &quot;Pip, pip, and cheerio, old chap!&quot;<br />And everything is intense! It's so very intense! They are just racing around like mad discovering secrets lost or guarded for  centuries in a matter of hours!<br />The entire story takes place within a few days of the opening murder, and all along, Mr. Brown writes that the heroine is still upset over the murder of her grandfather, even though she's had hours to get over it!<br />And Brown tops all this off, spending hundreds of pages telling the reader that the secret he is leading us to is one that will change the world as we know it!!! But once it's discovered, the hero simply shrugs and walks away from it.<br />The book should have and could have been an interesting read in the hands of someone who was even halfway talented in the mystery genre, but Dan Brown is not that someone. His characters are ridiculous, plotlines absurd, and the Big Secret relies on utter nonsense dependent on the readers' lack of familiarity with the subject matter.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Whatever any one says negatively about this album, discard immediately. This is the stuff. And I generally do not listen to music this hard. It is absolutely amazing. I have listened to this album over and over, off and on, for a long time... And it gets better and better! It is really dynamic and complex. The lyrics are incredible. Screw what anyone says on the bad tip, just get it. You can NOT be disappointed...
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh is soo inspiring, Closer is just amazing its to good for words. If he was a girl he would sound like a chick i've heard of before, her name is Genie and she sounds very similar to josh. check her out on amazon, just search for genie. The album that corispondes to this one would be wildflowers.<BR>          <br />I HEART JOSH!!!
B00005K3NR|5.0|A perfect prom horror flick! An excellent story of an unpopular high school girl's ultimate revenge on her classmates. Guarenteed to send shivers down your spine!
B0000CFW87|5.0|Pros: Amazing song choices highlighting with superb voice.<br />Cons: The only downfall is there are no translations for the lyrics.<br />The sophomore studio CD attempt by singer Josh Groban in my opinion has far exceeded expectations by myself and many more of his fans. I bought the CD because I love his voice and I am completely intrigued with this young mans choices in music. You can be sure, when you pick it up at the music store, that you will be transported in your mind to many different places. Whether it be Italy, France, America, or in the case of You Raise Me Up to the rolling hills of Ireland! My only complaint about &quot;Closer&quot; is that it does not last forever! With only 13 songs, you unfortunately have to start it over at some point to continue to hear his amazing voice!<br />My Bottom Line<br />Not as brilliant as his first, but so much better than anything that Clay Aiken or would/could ever put out.
B0000C6E4D|4.0|I love Sarah's new album!  It's been a long time since she released any new songs.  Overall, I loved all of the songs specifically, &quot;Perfect Girl&quot;!  All of the songs are great, you won't get just some single top hits single and the rest are crap, like Enrique so don't worry... be happy/sad while listening to Sarah's Afterglow album.  <br />The only downfall I found about this album were there's only 10 songs.  It goes pretty fast while sleeping so be sure to hit reloop on your cd player. =)
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Wow I really like afterglow sarah is SO amazing!.I've heards of this other chick named Genie, and she does some AWESOME stuff similar to Sarahs'. You all should check her out just search for genie on amazon. The album that is most like afterglow is called wildflowers.<BR>        Thanks
B000002UAU|5.0|Although this album has been reviewed 721 times I could not bring myself to NOT review it. For me, &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; along with &quot;The White Album&quot; pretty much sums up the 60's. When you listen to it you can't skip a track you have to listen to the WHOLE thing, because this album isn't just a collection of songs, it actually FLOWS. The beatles actually wanted to have no space in between the tracks but EMI wouldn't let them. this album changed 2 things: 1) the entire music world and 2) mine,and many people's lives. Buy this album, it could change your's too.
6304493681|3.0|this was a fairly decent anime film the animation was awsome but the story was a little confusing. the biggest problem i have is with people comparing this to the matrix neither film are similar other than the openings have the same green letter waterfall effect at the begining this is NOT like the matrix the matrix was NOT inspired by this movie. first off the stories and plots are completely different from each other. one thing i never understood was the fact that the main character had to be naked to go invisible but other people threw on cloths to go stealth and their cloths didn't even have to cover their bodies to cloak them. visually the movie was bad ass but i just had no clue what the characters were talking about like akira it's as if the people that made these movies expect me to have read these mangas before but I haven't so i just get confused. overall it was worth a glance not worth 25 bucks though maybe 15 or a quick rental if that's possible.
B0000DJZAH|5.0|No amount of pleading can convince my wife that I have to buy my entire CD collection again now that I have SACD, but one listen to &quot;Underture&quot;, and I believe she is starting to lean my way.  This all new &quot;Tommy&quot; is packed with audio surprises; new sounds, unbelievable clarity, and a daringly dry mix that can at times sound insular and creepy (I thought Roger Daltry was in my living room asking for Tommy.  It's that clear.)  Even a classic like &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot; reveals all new details, including an extended ending with pinball sounds.  The bonus disc is revealing as well, and satisfies even those who needed &quot;Dogs Pt. 2&quot; in stunning surround sound.  Admittedly, most of this album smacks of a cash-in on the Oasis &quot;Guigsy&quot; LP, but I am sure The Who will find their own voice in time.  You know where to put the cork.
B0000CDLA7|2.0|I'm going to be brief here.  Compared to &quot;Images and Words&quot; or &quot;Metropolis : Scenes from a Memory&quot; or the first disc of &quot;Six Degrees...&quot;, this album is very unremarkable.  Seriously, what's the point?  After listening to the album through multiple times, it's just very uninspiring and lackluster.  Boring, even.  Nothing is worth listening to, and it just goes on and on....There isn't one song that ever screams, &quot;Listen to meee !!!!&quot;  Nope.  And then one might think, &quot;Well, it must be an album experience then?&quot;  Nope.  Just annoying and useless.<br />2 stars.
B0000DYJM6|5.0|All I can say is WOW! As I listened to this album I realized that Pearl Jam has to seriously be the most under rated, most under appreciated band in rock music today.  With incredible guitar riffs and brilliant vocals, Vedder and the boys made this collection of B-sides and leftovers just as much, if not more valuable than any Pearl Jam album.  Overall, I would have to say that 24 out of 31 songs are great, and some of them might even rank with the best Pearl Jam songs.  Highlights from the B-sides are Footsteps, Wash, Down, and of course Yellow Ledbetter.  Highlights from the leftover songs would be Otherside, fatal, Hold On, and Strangest Tribe (might be four of the best Pearl Jam songs ever!).  Watch out for the random appearance of a surf-rock song, Gremmie out of Control (just wierd).  There are some great songs missing from this great collection however.  Where's Crazy Mary, State of Love and Trust, and Sonic Reducer?  Anyway, Lost Dogs would make a great addition to any die hard Pearl Jam fan's collection as well a great listen to new Pearl Jam fans and rock fans in general.  Pearl Jam simply rocks!  Now all we need is a greatest hits album.
B000089CJI|5.0|A spectacular album through and through.<br />Postal Service does a great job at forming a brand of music that's probably best described (albeit loosely) as a modern New Order, except better.  It's pop-rock done well.  The music is catchy and fresh... a change from the same old rehashed stuff that bombards the airways these days.  It combines the intensity of rock with the (for the most part) upbeat nature of pop.  The lyrics have depth and are delivered beautifully.<br />Most notable are the first two songs of the album: &quot;The District Sleeps Alone Tonight&quot; and &quot;Such Great Heights&quot;.  Both do a great job of balancing the line between rock and dance, and once again, great lyrics to boot.  However, every song has it's own beauty to it.  &quot;Sleeping In&quot;, &quot;Clark Gable&quot;, and &quot;Nothing Better&quot; have to be given honourable mentions... which shows you how good the album is when 5 of the 10 songs are standouts, and the others aren't far behind.<br />After getting this CD as a gift, it has become a regular in my CD player and I can't seem to get tired of it.  Needless to say, I already can't wait to hear more from Postal Service.
6305268843|5.0|The only negative review on this site said the movie was immoral because it involved extramarital sex and euthanasia, not in the least a criticism of its quality.  My daughter and I love this film.  The use of blue wintry colors to paint the coldness of life without love, and the oranges and reds to paint passion is obvious, but it works. The actors are captivating, every one of them.<br />Maggie
B0000AQVCL|5.0|this band is truely a worthy band of the year. they definately bring back a true rock scene.<BR>they ROCK MY SOCKS OFF!!!
B000002I99|5.0|I've got a signed and inscribed original vinyl of this album. Cooper is said to, upon reading the name for whom the album was for, laughed and said, &quot;Perfect!&quot;<br />Well, the album is as close to perfect as a rock and roll album can be. It is probably the strangest and most bone-chilling recordings I've ever encountered. Of course, my name is Steven, and I'm sure more than one kid so named got creeped out by that in the 1970's...<br />I hold this to be Alice Cooper's best work (Billion Dollar Babies is close), and I thought that I'd place WTMN in relation to other bands best efforts:<br />Black Sabbath: &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath&quot; <BR>Judas Priest:  &quot;Stained Class&quot;<BR>Aerosmith: &quot;Toys in the Attic&quot;
B0000CFW87|5.0|Beautiful ballads on the CD.  &quot;When you say you love me&quot; and &quot;You raise me up&quot; are enough to purchase this CD, excellent.
B000088E6D|5.0|Get this CD, why? Because this kid can definitely sing. If you're a fan of Sinatra, Martin, Crosby, Prima, and other earlier Jazz/Big Band/Swing crooners, you might may not be totally amazed by the very first time you hear Michael Buble, but it WILL grow on you, if not instantly. Mr. Buble himself and his producer, David Foster, have magnificently arranged this album. Together, they have put together these wonderful track listings that just SWING, and mixed some very smooth, (but nor boring) jazz classics (such as \\"Just The Way You Look Tonight,\\" which is not swung as Sinatra did, but as a melody which I find much better suited for that song). This album has an outstanding rendition of \\"Fever,\\" which is a Fitzgerald classic, but with Michael's voice and the wonderful arrangements behind him, he defiantly takes it up a notch. This album perfectly suites a genre of music for Michael, who brings his own unique style to these songs, yet still stays true to the original songs themselves. Just look at some of these other reviews, and you'll see that he doesn't just captivate you with his delightful voice that is in the orbs of Sinatra and Martin, but he also has a marvelous stage presence and is able to connect with the audience. Michael Buble has stated himself that he is just as big a fan of this music as he is a singer. This young, humble, richly, deep voiced crooner has a star-struck career ahead of him. You'll se that some people have accused him of trying to scam people for money with the release of \\"Totally Buble\\" and \\"Let It Snow,\\" which is not true because he does not even legally own the rights to those CDs (he has obviously been wrongfully used for other companies). But, That's why this CD needs to be in your collection, and just see how long it takes until you get hooked!
B00005JM0B|5.0|The story itself takes places about 10 years after Sarah & John Conner along with the T-101 defeated the ruthless T-1000 & prevented Judgement (or so they thought). Now in T3, Sarah is deceased, and John is lone warrior. John becomes a drifter with No Identification, No Phone, no friends, nada, zip, nothing. Now a new threat has come back from the future to wipe out John Conner. This new modified Terminator is Cyberne's most sophisticated creation, the T-X. The TX is sent back to murder Conner, his Lieutentents, and future spouse Kathryn Brewster. But alas, John has a savior, the now absoulte T-101 returns to protect Conner & Brewster from the T-X's unstoppable rage. The war against the machines begins & the time for Judgement Day looms.<br />Terminator 3 Rise of The Machines is without question, the best action-packed movie of 2003, and for it's $170 million budget it almost has to be. Lot of special features from all sorts of stuff. Although T3 will never equal the T1 or T2 in terms of dynamic storyline, it's huge budget gives you good movie to kick back, relax, and enjoy. The only flaw of T3 is the fact that's not directed by it's creator James Cameron, but still Johnathan Moscow does a fairly decent job filling the gigantic shoes of Mr. Cameron's baby. I am looking forward to seeing T4, hopefully in the future, but now with Schwarzenegger's induction as Governor of California, the chance of T4 happening anytime soon is very slim. So I'll guess we'll just have to wait. Heck we had to wait 12 years for T3, I think we can wait for T4.
630471193X|5.0|This is an exceptional film that was very well acted and well written. John Travolta did a magnificent job along with his supporting cast. It lets us see an example of how easy it is for us to fear what we do not understand and how we deny ourselves the chance to live with passion because of that fear.It's emotionally powerful and very moving. Other reviews tell you the story line, so I'll not be redundant. This film along with the film Powder, are feel great movies that make you think about what you can achieve and question the discrimination that even the most open minded folks have inside themselves. It's a keeper, buy it for you're collection.
0800141628|5.0|This is one of the most unforgettable films ever made. It is based on the novel by Stephen King (The body) about 4 young boys, each of them having similar problems at home, and sharing the same feeling of being unloved. There will never be a movie like this one. I feel very sad when I watch Stand By Me, because of River Pheonix. I think it's a little coincidental that at the end of the film Chris Chambers dies later on in life, just like he did in real life, at such a young age, and how he died. It's a shame what happened to him. He was a wonderful actor. He had his whole life ahead of him. It's such a waste. When you hear of someone with true talent intelligence and a good heart, dying from drug abuse. Drug addiction is an awful thing, but people can be helped. I can't understand why no one helped him. The worste things happen to the best people.
B0000AK7AB|5.0|The very best talking pig oriented film of the nineties NOT to include Louis Rukeyser; but still in my estimation the film suffers from this STAGGERINGLY TITANIC OMISSION! For shame. . . .
B00008DDXC|3.0|I was very disappointed when I saw the second film. I had higher expectations since I liked the first one so much. The first wasn't quite as good as the books, but it still remained close. In the second film there were so many little flaws that it just brought down the quality of the whole film, which may have been very good. Firstly, what's with the ending? Why do they all clap for Hagrid for two minutes instead of Harry? Why didn't they do the house cup or at least make some referance as to who won without Dumbledore saying it like in the first film. Another flaw was in the very beginning where the film opens with Harry looking at his photo album with a smile on his face and then speaking to his owl (though he did this occasionally in the books it looked horrible on film). I think the film would have been much stronger if Steve Kloves (the writer) would have just not bother trying to get in all of the exposition and just went straight into the film. Finally I think the film just didn't have a long enough running time to satisfy the standard of the book. I think just a few of the deleted scenes (which can be seen on the DVD) would have made all of the difference: just Lockhart's pop quiz, the Chrismas scene which provides a good monologue for Harry, and a couple of others. Finally did anyone notice that there is a typo in the book that Hermione picks up in the library. It reads &quot;... to transfor into an another.&quot;
B00005JKC3|4.0|The &quot;Hulk&quot; is a good movie, often times great.  The first half of the movie is a long, methodical character study of people under immense emotional torture, especially Bruce Banner (a pitch-perfect Eric Bana) and Betty Ross (Jennifer Connely).  It is hinted that they share a dark past filled with absentee fathers and a secret military project that they might now be working on again, 30 years later.  This first half or so is the reason why the &quot;Hulk&quot; was not well recieved among viewers and critics.  People were expecting either another &quot;Spiderman&quot; or another &quot;X-Men&quot; or its sequel, filled with those films'  brimming everyman qualities and light-pacing throughout, or the Hulk of the 70s t.v. show, who aided people when he had and anger spell.  But director Ang Lee opted for a more tragic approach, with plenty of Freudinized angst, along the lines of repressed memories manifesting themselves in dreams.  And while Lee sometimes overdoes it, his decision ultimately makes &quot;Hulk&quot; far more interesting than the t.v. show whose premise wore thin after a few episodes and a little more intriguing than Marvels past comic-book adaptations .  However, action junkies need not fear.  Things kick into high gear in the film's fast-paced and action-packed final act as Banner escapes from a military compound where they were hoping to harvest him for their own purposes.   He then proceeds to tear up the california desert in a wondrously shot sequence that shows off the ILM's incredibly life-like and belivable Hulk creation and the films' unique style of editing that makes the film feel like a comic-book with skillfully juxtaposed images from various camera shots that describe various scenes that occur simaltaneously in the film.<br />It should be said, though, that &quot;Hulk&quot; is not  as artistically accomplished as Director Lee's &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; or perhaps other acclaimed films in his catalog.  &quot;Hulk&quot; at times suffers from uneven pacing, some mind-numbing psycological probing and timid acting.  But overall, &quot;Hulk&quot; stands on its own as a dark, brooding and           spectacular comic-book adaption that had the balls to take the &quot;Hulk&quot; to places no one ever expected something like the &quot;Hulk&quot; to go.  And while having the guts to do something daring is instantly laudable, &quot;Hulk,&quot; even with its flaws, still succeeds surprisingsly well.
B00003CXI1|5.0|The film was excellent though there were a few flaws mos of them dealing witht the special effects in the film (which I think were improved in the second film). The forbidden forest is totally bare and would never work for some of the things that are written in the books (especially in book five). Then although the other effects in the film get by they do not look very real, particularly in the troll and the quiditch sequences. Other than that: excellent book and excellent film! (You may want to see my review for the second film. It's a quite a bit more critical.)
B00000DR5I|3.0|I have to give Tangerine Dream some credit for taking electronic instruments out of the closet and giving them their own voices.  For the longest time the public view of electronics was directly related to how well they emulated traditional instruments.  And going too far out on the limb was met with raised eyebrows and confusion.  Tangerine Dream, by single-handedly creating the genre of electronic elevator music suddenly gave this work a certain cachet it didn't have before.<br />Unfortunately, from a technical viewpoint, their work is primarily composed of various sound effects flowing in random patterns from one to the other.  Music, of course, is something more than a simple sum of its noises and Rubycon seems stuck in the kind of electronicization where the important thing isn't audibility or accessibility.  Instead they often focus on a catalog of what sounds various machines are capable of making.  By avoiding anything that is really irritating in their work Tangerine Dream as created an album of sound effects to read by - or be impressed with your stereo by..<br />I have yet to see (anywhere, not just here) a review or discussion of Rubycon that focuses on musicality and content.  For that one must turn to other musicians such as Constance Demby or even Kitaro, who use their instruments to get somewhere, not to get lost in the process.  In a sense, Rubycon is superficiality made into an art form, and for me, it simply doesn't work.  Which is why this album is the only Tangerine Dream album in my collection.<br />For me 'electronic music' is not something  that is simply made by 'electronics,' and that is a key difference.  I use my share of synthesizers and electronic keyboards, but they aren't what drives what I'm trying to do.  I quickly get tired of whooshes, hums, and throbs.  I realize this is a matter of taste, and that there are many who would disagree with me, but I think you should look further if you are trying to find out what this is all about - Try Constance Demby and Steve Roach, for instance, I think you will be surprised.Try Constance Demby and Steve Roach, for instance, I think you will be surprised.
0064407667|4.0|Three orphan children from the beginning.  You find yourself hopeing and cheering for them, but it would be a waste to do so.  The author gives you fair warning there are no happy beginnings and no happy endings.  Such truth in the words on the page.  It doesn't end the way it should, but if it did end happily, I imagine it would be the end of the series.<br />When I read it, I felt kind of disgusted by certain events.  I would guess the author meant to get those feelings.  If that was the case, Lemony Snicket has succeeded in that goal.  I continued on waiting for any little turn of event that would end the misfortune of those children.  Half of a good deed came in the end that me feel a little better about the kids.<br />The book was a very good read, and I thought all of the characters were well described.  I could picture Violet, Kraus, and Sonny.  I could see Count Olaf and his strange theatre troop.  Even Mr. Poe and his neverending coughing was vibrantly displayed in my head.  Wonderful imagery, great characters with personality, and a storyline that leaves you wanting to read more.<br />I recommend reading with your kid if he/she decides to read it.  Some things are explained in this book but not all of it.  I did enjoy the read and will continue with the series.<br />Joy.
B00000J9HE|5.0|I understand that many are sceptical towards Karajan. Often his sound becomes slick, I simple &quot;hate&quot; his version of Shostakovitch 10 for instance.<br />However: This is Karajan at his very, very best, and therefore it is also the best of Sibelius.<br />This is the standard. I`ve listened to Rattle, Janson, Sanderling... They don't come even close. <br />Sibelius said it himself: Karajan understands me...<br />Indeed.
B00005A1PR|5.0|Granted, while Acoustic Soul may be India Arie's most commercially successful album, to date. There's definitely more to this artist than meets the ...ear!<br />I've listened to this compilation over and over again. And I have to admit that, at first, I was smitten with the catchy phrasing and pop freshness of the song &quot;Video.&quot; But with time I've grown to appreciate this artist and her soulful incantations in songs like, &quot;Brown Skin&quot; not to mention &quot;Strength, Courage, &amp; Wisedom&quot;, &quot;Nature&quot;, &quot;Back to the Middle&quot; and &quot;Always in My Head.&quot;<br />So if you're looking for an artist that you can come back to, in time, and discover a whole different perspective of her rainbow. Then I invite you to indulge yourself with this album and do as I did. Listen to it... put it down. Forget about it... and then (some time later) pick it up again, because you identified the artist's voice on a track playing in some obscure place and start the cycle all over again. But this time, you'll listen a little bit harder, a little bit longer, and a little less effortlessly... because you're finally where you need to be to truly begin hearing what this artist is putting forth. Her truly unique and &quot;Acoustic Soul&quot;.
B0000BWTK3|5.0|For several yars now a have been a great fan of Andsnes, his soft tone, the preciseness, he is a truly great pianist. And on this CD he really shows his mastery. <br />The Grieg concerto is great, I think it is even better than his last recording of concerto, but the Schumann is a tremendous achievement.<br />Somebody can play it differently, but nobody can play it &quot;better&quot;.
B0000DJZ7W|5.0|I can't believe I haven't even seen this album in the US. Celine is definitely best in her native tongue. Amazing vocals!
B000067J1H|5.0|I will be the first to admit that I had doubts about Fight Club.  When the movie was first promoted for its debut in theatres, the advertisements, I believe, gave a misrepresentative impression of the film's actual content.  I thought, like many others, that Fight Club was going to be another lackluster production filled with all the clichs you would expect to see in a Van Damme-esque action misadventure.  It took some goading but I finally decided to give this movie a chance, and I would highly suggest that anyone who has not should do the same.<BR>     <BR>For anyone who is tired of the prefabricated plot lines that dominate today's movie industry, you know the ones for teeny-boppers and the sequels to movies unfit for original production, Fight Club is a refreshing alternative.  The star-studded cast, Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena Bonham Carter, provide the perfect chemistry for this deceptively brilliant critique of the modern man.  David Fincher, who also collaborated with Pitt in the movie Seven, captures the essence Chuck Palahniuk's novel with beautiful cinematography.  <BR>     <BR>The junior executive, played by Norton, is struggling to swallow his mundane existence.  He suffers from a variety of ailments, from depression to insomnia.  Norton's character, the narrator, whose name is never revealed during the film, an example of the subtle nuances that make this production so appealing, lacks a sense of identity, as is expressed in the following quote: \\"I'd look through the catalog and think, what kind of furniture defines me as a man?\\"  Palahniuk, very cleverly, illustrates how disillusioned and materialistic society has become.  Tyler's occupation of a soap salesman is yet another example.  He sells his luxurious soap, made from lye and the pilfered fat from liposuction clinics, back to the very clients who supplied the materials.  <BR>     <BR>Underneath the comedy, the drama, and, at times, the brutal violence, lays an exceptional social satire.Norton's character and his partner in crime Tyler Durden, played by Pitt, revolt against the twenty-first century image of man.  A prime example of Palanhiuk's contempt for the feminization of man occurs when the two board a bus.  They see a Calvin Klein advertisement of a perfectly groomed young adult male devoid of imperfections and body hair.  Tyler asks, \\"Is that what a man looks like?\\"  They both laugh and express their sympathy for people following the path of superficial self-improvement.<BR>     <BR>The film broaches some rather controversial social issues, which separate it from most conservative contemporary pieces.  Many women, mothers especially, were offended by the line, \\"We're a generation of men raised by women; I'm wondering if another woman in my life is really what I need?\\"  I thought that was a goal films; they are supposed to be about eliciting emotion.  <BR>     <BR>This film's cast and director combined to produce a film that will not be soon forgotten.  From the horror of the Norton and Leto fight scene to the compassion and sorrow of support group scenes, Fight Club takes you on an eye-opening voyage through the mind of a man gone mad from banality.  If you have not watched Fight Club yet and are tired of the same regurgitated garbage, check it out next time you have a chance.
0811826848|5.0|Ever since they broke up 33 years ago, The Beatles' career has been dragged through the mud thanks to the deaths of Harrison and Lennon, wannabe/rip - offs like Oasis, and through film with the fictional VH1 schlock &quot;Two Of Us&quot;. But &quot;The Beatles Anthology&quot; is undoubtedly the most comprehensive Beatles book ever written.<br />This is the first book especially comprised of updated commentary with the two surviving Beatles, the late but never forgotton Harrison and Lennon, and such Beatles associates like Sir George Martin and Derek Taylor. Accompanying these insightful, often funny, often poignant interviews are copies of important letters written by The Beatles and record company dittoes and tons of beautiful pictures that perfectly capsulize the different stages of the Beach Boys' career.<br />This book is probably the definitive Beatles book. However, if you have back problems, are pregnant or have arthritis but you want to own this heavy book, I reccommend the paperback edition.
B000008HZB|4.0|This<BR>cd is just like anything ELO did  but more thought out. Jeff Lynne is a melody freak! All of these songs are sing alongs. Ilove the 1st and 3rd songs but the best might be number 4. get this its a cd the whole family will love!!!!.
B00009QG73|5.0|Thomas Wolfe and his famous You Can't Go Home Again spring to mind when you think of bands trying to relive their glory years. Roxy Music and this video are an exception. I went to go see them during this tour with a bit of hesitation. While I love the band, the last tour I saw them on for Avalon was not the best; it looked like they were sleep walking through the performances. The video of that performance was pretty bad as well; the quality and the direction were just not up to snuff.<br />This time they get it right. While Eno's stage presence is missed (he was never much of a musician compared to the others in the band), the musicians fleshing out the original remaining quartet (the amazing Paul Thompson is back on drums in addition to Andy MacKay on sax, Phil Manzanera on guitar and, of course, Bryan Ferry on occasional keyboards, harmonica and lead vocals)do a great job of helping to recreate the band's studio and concert sound. I only saw Roxy one time with Eddie Jobson and can attest that, yes, they were amazing. On the other hand, this line up more than makes up for his absence. Lucy Wilkins manages to recreate Jobson's key moments on electric violin but she also adds touches of her own on Dance Away (not always my fav Roxy song nor the band's as its no challenge to peform in concert).<br />Unlike the recent CD release (which is also very good), this is all taken from one venue not pieced together from various performances around the world. The result is that the show has more continuity in the performance than the piece meal approach.<br />The song selection is fairly strong with the focus on the band's singles and strongest album tracks. Sure there are audience favs missing (and some of the song list was drawn from a survey that Phil Manzanera had on his website) but, on the whole, the song selection is very, very good.
B00005JMFR|5.0|I thought that the reviews that I have read so far have been unfair and have totally insulted the hard work that the creators of the matrix trilogy put into making these movies. <BR>Matrix Revolutions was a great conclusion to the Matrix trilogy. I takes some brain power to figure out these movies, but after watching them you get what they are trying to tell you through these movies. <BR>This trilogy has been a MOVIES TO SEE. I have been to revolutions twice and I still marvel at it. <BR>This is a movie that you shouldn't miss.
B00009TB5G|5.0|The extended version of The Two Towers doesn't feel quite as essential as The Fellowship of The Ring. Like the first set, The Two Towers shows us a couple of complete sequences previously unseen or referred to in passing.<br />Like the first set, the film is broken up over two discs. The picture isn't flawless but its pretty darn close. There's few digital compression artifacts and the sound is spectacular. The extras are spread over all four discs (with the most important extras on discs 1 & 2 being the commentary tracks from the director and cast). What's really fascinating is getting a look at the production techniques to make The Two Towers capture Jackson's vision of Tolkien's world. Also, allowing the director and his co-writers a voice on why the alterations to the plot were necessarily gives these changes added credibility. It's difficult when you're a hardcore fan of any work of literature to give it up to another person's vision. Although some fans were disappointed with the changes in the story, I felt that they enhanced the story and expanded the scope of Tolkien's original vision in a cinematic way.<br />The packaging is a bit more problematic. While I liked the packaging design(it's in a similar package to the first edition), the set I received had some tears on it. The edition of The Fellowship I received had similar problems with it tearing fairly easy but that's a very minor point overall. The design is the thing here and it's designed quite well.<br />Overall, The Two Towers extended edition is still superior when compared to the theatrical cut although the difference between it and the extended edition isn't quite as large as what existed between the two versions of Fellowship. As a middle chapter, Towers has a number of disadvantages but the main one is that we come in on the middle of the story and there isn't a strong sense of closure to the film. Nevertheless, it's still a compelling and powerful film that proves that Jackson's work on The Frighteners and other works wasn't a fluke.ghteners and other works wasn't a fluke.
0446530891|1.0|I am such a huge fan of David Baldacci that I don't even bother to read the synopsis on the book jacket, I just buy the book.  Not any more!  I slogged my way through this poorly written, unbelievable plot.  By the time I got to the last chapters I was speed reading just to say I finished it.  My daughter asked me if I liked it. I told her it was as if he wrote it in college and no one would publish it so he waited until he was a bestselling author and dug it out of the closet, dusted it off and his editor jumped on it.  Next book he writes I'll check it out of the library just in case he's got more junk in that closet.
B000068QY7|4.0|first of all, Oasis will never be the best band in the world, but they are certainly trying hard. Some people might agree with me, but &quot;standing...&quot; was his best album ever, and despite the fact that &quot;heathen..&quot; is not as good as the mentioned, does a nice job.<BR>Hindu times will remain as a classic, noel gives us his best vocal performance in little by little and force of nature. For the first time 4 band members contribute with at least one song, andys song is the rocker of the album, &quot;probably all in the mind&quot; shows the contribution of the smiths guitar player and manchester legend johnny marr (nice song), and Liam gives us born on a different cloud and better man. This trwo last songs are good, but honestly...if you have heard the mid seventies lennon recordings, this is a rip off, is the same sound and production tecnique. <BR>If youre a beginner with oasis music, dont start with this, eventually you will buy this one, but it will take you some time to understand the genius of this band.
B00008G9JM|5.0|It's impossible to part 'Thick As A Brick' from 'A Passion Play' while discussing either, since both are Tull's stunning attempts to create full length concept masterpieces. I've listened to 'Thick As A Brick' preceding 'A Passion Play', and I saw it as a beautiful work of art, yet I didn't quite 'connect' to it emotionally. Therefore, I was a little sceptic when I received my first copy of 'A Passion Play'. But even with a teaspoon of scepticism, this miraculous piece has really taken my breath away. It's so much more complex than the Brick, more darker themed.. For me, it's just 'more'. While encountering a minor barrier with the Brick, I was captured by the charms of the never-stopping Passion Play. Wonderfully composed, your mind won't have a moment of rest. A special treat is the video clip of 'The Story Of The Hare Who Lost His Spectacles', which is by itself, as a part of the album, a soothing relief to the heating conflicts of the play.<BR>It's truly one of Tull's best albums, if not the best. I hope everyone'll enjoy this gem as much as I did, and still do.
B000002IJL|5.0|A dandy of a soundtrack filled with a set of 10 songs from the era of Cadillac's and corner malt shops. It surprised a lot of people who saw the movie and bought the soundtrack that Elvis, with his fun bop or sweet croonin' would be exempt from this beauty. The stars here more than make up for his absence. The maverick of early rock, Buddy Holly, makes an appearence with his sweet &quot;Everyday&quot;. The Del Vikings get the snappy &quot;Come Go With Me&quot; goin', and then smile all around with &quot;Whispering Bells&quot;. My cousin, brother and I can't get enough of The Chordettes and &quot;Lollipop&quot;. You gotta admit that the disc does come to an end pretty quick, and 50's tunes are usually two minutes (plus) long. At least the plate is loaded with a small but yummy helping, including the classic &quot;Stand By Me&quot; and The Coasters' &quot;Yakety Yak&quot;. Though it's time limit is nowhere near the best innocence era soundtrack of them all, &quot;American Grafitti&quot;, it would be just as good if it somehow had the same running time.
B000002HPT|2.0|After great albums such as 'Images & Words', 'Awake', and the wonderfully composed, 20 minutes long 'A Change Of Seasons', Dream Theater has made their stamp in the Progressive Metal scene. This album has came quite close to be a slap in the face to those who defined Dream Theater as 'the best progressive metal band out there'.<BR>If it's an attempt to create progressive metal, well then, it's a poor attempt. Most of the songs are poorly written and composed. After getting used to epics such as Metropolis pt 1, we are forced to listen to \\"It's all about you not me/It's all about the things/that you're expecting me to be\\"? And the music doesn't top the lyrics, but sort of level with them, which creates dull songs, both lyrically and musically. <BR>Though not all songs are lacking, it still wasn't expected after 'A Change of Seasons'.<BR>Despite the fact that this album is pretty much a disappointment, Dream Theater did 'compensate' us when they've released Metropolis pt 2, but that's another story..
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam's consistency can be somewhat unnerving.  Despite expiremental  deluges in certain directions, they never seem to stray too far from a straightforward rock band lead by a bunch of talented, uncompromising songwriters.  Yield may possibly be the best example of PJ as a rock band, as the band covers so much &quot;rock&quot; ground that it is tough to pigenhole this album into any category.  Starting with the punky &quot;Brain of J&quot;, Eddy Vedder shows that his voice is still ready to take on any challenges before easing into &quot;Faithful&quot;, an emotional rocker that showcases Eddie's range both vocally and lyrically.  PJ then romps through &quot;No Way&quot; and &quot;Given to Fly&quot; effortlessly, despite the fact that both are melodic gems that should be featured on classic rock radio regularly.  &quot;Wishlist&quot; is the overplayed radio song on this album, but the lyrics are much deeper than they seem at first, and then the album kicks up the energy with the exciting concert favorite &quot;Do the Evolution&quot;.  Yield winds down with the acoustic gem &quot;Lowlight&quot; and the classic anthem &quot;In Hiding&quot;, more proof that PJ are truly the masters of modern rock.  Yield is the best example of all the areas Pearl Jam has covered.  The experiments with different types of music really mold well here and this is an album that will be listened to just as much now as it will 50 years from now. These guys just flat-out ROCK, and Yield is one of the best examples that proves just why.
B00009Y3L4|5.0|I saw Cabaret after seeing the recent film version of Chicago, and though I expected another lavish Fosse fantasy, what I saw was a very different film altogether. Chicago is a glamorous, glorified portrait of decadence without consequence, but Cabaret reveals the garish, disappointing underside of it all. The girls, the costumes, even the orchestra is not exactly beautiful. But they are honest. This divine decadence is literally all smoke and mirrors, it is all gaudy makeup over a dirty and desperate Germany in 1931.     While I'm not a huge fan of Liza Minnelli, she is perfect as wild child Sally Bowles. Michael York is equally wonderful as the innocent and effeminate Brian Roberts. I kind of wished that the film explored the ambiguous sexuality of the characters more than it did, but given the time the film was released, it is remarkable that the film has the frankness that it does.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I must say, the first time I heard &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; I wasn't impressed. And the only reason is the fact that it was only my first listen. But people's positive consumption of this album (or band, even) drove me to give it a few more chances; boy am I glad I did that! I now find every song on this album especially eerie, well written and above all touching. There is no key track for this album, as all the songs are righteous by themselves but only become awesome when they're placed collectively on an album of such classic qualities. No wonder it's in the top 5 of almost every &quot;100/200 Best Albums of All Time&quot;. If I was stuck on an island with only this album and a cd player, I know what I'd be doing until I die or the battery runs out.
6305513406|1.0|2 episodes per DVD? Thats really not a good idea. The total price for all volumes would be outrageous and I'm not willing to pay that much. Wait for a box set or a better DVD format. However, for the series in general, I would rate it 5 stars.
B0000TB03W|5.0|I also was in attendance for this spectacular performance.  This was my first live Shania experience and will NOT be my last.  This DVD also contains her new video &quot;She's Not Just A Pretty Face&quot;.<br />This show introduces her new Up! tour which is going on now!  To get pre-sale tickets join the official Shania Twain fanclub @ [...]<br />Don't forget to buy a copy of the new album: Up!  It's a 2-disc set and is her best album yet!
B000002UJQ|5.0|My title says it all. I haven't gotten into Radiohead's later stuff yet, like Amnesiac and HTTF, but this is an obvious improvement over The Bends (while the bends was just a good collection of songs, OK Computer is a work of art) and it's more accessible than Kid A. It's amazing how Radiohead can put such quiet, beautiful songs like &quot;No Surprises&quot; on the same CD as such an epic, heavy-metallish tune as &quot;Paranoid Android.&quot; &quot;Karma Police&quot; is another highlight for me. Some people dismiss some of the songs as filler, particularly &quot;Fitter Happier,&quot; but in my mind, this track only contributes to the feel of the album. Remember, you have to take this as a piece of art. One of the best albums, if not THE best album of the 90's.
B000002U8G|5.0|Why haven't people figured out that this album may have quite possibly been the greatest album Pink Floyd ever created.  Sure Dark Side and Wish You Were Here are the classics, but thats only because people didn't give this one a chance.  My god do they know what they are missing.  The album opens with \\"One of These Days,\\" a psychadelic journey that comes with the eeriest line of Pink Floyd history (one of these days im going to cut you into little pieces) MY GOD!!! \\"Pillow of Winds\\" really does feel like the softest touch you've ever felt. Enter the guitar chords of \\"Fearless\\" which in my opinion is one of the strongest songs on this album besides the very last one which I'll get to later.  The cheers of the crowd lead right into the jazzy upbeat \\"San Tropez.\\"  I didnt know whether to blaze one up or put money in the jar and request another song. Seamus would have to really be the only downfall of the album, while it is still very good, the dogs annoy the hell outta me.  Everything is outdone however, by maybe the greatest song in Pink Floyd history, the epic Echoes.  23 minutes of the trippiest guitars, drums and other electro-instruments that you'll ever hear.  They didnt even need to put in the lyrics. Just crank it up and sit back while a virtual fireworks show goes off in front of your eyes.  NO HATIN'(yes i did just say that), to Dark Side, Wish You Were Here, Animals, The Wall, or Pipers At The Gate, But this is the definate climax to a career that was Pink Floyd.
B00008O31H|5.0|The Black Keys have some of the most original songs I've heard in a while.  If you're a fan of roadhouse/bar style blues and/or classic rock, this cd is a must have.  They actually record with medium fidelity just to keep the gritty guitar feel.
B000002AZ8|5.0|This album f'ing rules man<br />If you're a loner or feel isolated, this is THEE ideal album
B00008DDSC|5.0|All right...to get this out of the way, I'm a practicing submissive. It took me a while to watch this movie, because I was afraid of how it would portray the S&M content. It turns out that it is erotic and unexpectedly moving. I was pleased by the fact that, while there is humor involved, the movie doesn't turn the desires of Edward and Lee into a big joke. It also doesn't judge them, or nudge the audience as if to say \\"Isn't this sick?\\" It just probes why these characters have these desires, and need them, and why they are happier acting them out. I'm not quite sure if I'm happy with the ending (marriage is a bit conventional), but overall, I loved this movie.<br />The acting is superb. Maggie Gyllenhaal portrays her character's blossoming awareness and sexuality convincingly, and James Spader has just leapt into my list of actors I most admire (also, actors who I find sexy. Hey, I'm a submissive; he's good fantasy material). I give them both lots of credit for taking roles that--I imagine--many actors wouldn't touch.<br />And I also must address a \\"judgmental\\" review below calling this movie evil and sick. I say, if consenting adults feel that S&M fulfills them, what is sick about that? Rather, it would be sick to repress their desires because society disapproves. Their souls aren't dead; they're gloriously alive. Perhaps you--the \\"judgmental\\" reviewer--should examine your soul instead.
B0000027RL|5.0|I like to send messages, i sent one this morning<br />Heres another message, if you ever wanna see your precious Pearl Jam again, youll take a alig....<br />I lost my train of thought = 
B00005JMFR|5.0|how can there be peace with humanity when humanity is the source of the machine's power? did anyone anyone come to this conclusion?  <br />i like the matrix. alot. but i think it would have been wiser to choose war, not peace, and destroy the enemy...why? is the word of a machine that promises peace a word that can be kept? <br />at the end, the oracle's counterpart (the old man) says that keeping a promise is a human quality.  is anyone else aware of these concepts?
B000003TA4|1.0|I only heard 1 song off the album<br />But sometimes i wait<br />I dont want something i cant give back, i like to give but i dont want to give back<br />Better save your money, i heard a song i didnt like, i only heard 1 song off the album, better save your money
B0000AUHPG|5.0|This film has many elements that make it memorable and worthy of repeat viewings.  Even though highly regarded by film critics, it is under-rated by the general public.<br />The plot unfolds slowly but is ultimately rewarding.  The suspense builds towards action and the dialogue is spare but intelligent.  The scenes take place against beautiful backdrops, and are delivered by a great looking and talented cast.  Bronson is in his best role ever.  Fonda plays against type.  The soundtrack is haunting at times.<BR>  <BR>Many recent films overload on dialogue, non-top action and sound effects in an ascending cycle of one upmanship.  Perhaps they cater to audiences with short attention spans nurtured by 15 second TV commercials, or the fast cut editing of music videos.  Too bad.  Something is gained, but much is lost.<br />Leone has crafted a masterpiece here with scenes that linger, both on the screen and in your mind.  The action stands out because it is contrasted with slow suspense.  The visuals are beautiful enough to deserve more than 2 seconds of screen time.  The music is purposeful, operatic at times, and thematic of the characters.  There are no explosions that I can recall, which is not to say that the film isn't explosive at times.<br />There aren't enough films like this one.  It's thoroughly satisfying.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|When I heard just the first few seconds of the intro I knew I was in for a musical orgasm. Yes...yes, it is typical DTR, but at least like Ridley Scott's movies, you get what you expect. This was even more a musical experience than even I anticipated!! The one thing I will never understand is why you never here these guys on the radio!! Granted, their songs are on the lenghty side,but these guys are great musicians!! I love listening to a combo speed Petrucci riff mixed with a stunning Rudis keyboard and you can hardly distinguish the two parts!! The lyrics are top notch and actually make sense and Lebrie's voice gets better with every album.I am already anticipating their next album because this one blows Six Degrees right out of the f'n water. It's to bad Metallica can't(or won't) make an album this great...they're to busy diggin' themselves when musical superiors surpass them...Rock Lives
0446678430|1.0|I will start off with, DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK! I heard alot about this gentleman and figured id read one of his books. I first thought, hmm , well maybe it will get more interesting as I read on. Well I read the book cover to cover and it was nothing more than him rambling on about how him and his wife made their millions but nothing about actually HOW TO DO IT! Yeah he had a couple good points (*note..a couple), I'll give him that. He needs to stop talking about himself and his &quot;rich dad&quot; and write about material people can actually use. Sorry Robert.........But ive found Russ Whitney!
0446530891|5.0|This was my first David Baldacci book and I was very impressed with Split Second.  I have never really been so involved iwth characters before, as I was with this book.  The twists and turns were so brilliantly created by Baldacci I was practically guessing the whole book.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|I'm a huge Dream Theater fan.  My favorite CD of theirs is Scenes From A Memory...now onto the new stuff.  <br />Train of Thought definitely has some great songs.  Dream Theater continues to rock in so many ways.  This CD really brings out the best of everyone in the band.  DT is still at the top of the game.  I've played guitar for awhile now, and I can't wait to start learning some of the riffs from Train of Thought.  You've gotta buy this CD.
630528069X|5.0|Oh Gawd! Not another explosion movie!<br />Well, in fact, that's right. It's _not_ just another explosion movie. It's not a generic execution of a formula. It's not all special effects. It's actually worth seeing.<br />Why you ask? Well, it's got hook. It's got a villain that is expertly crafted by the screen writers, and absolutely perfectly portrayed by Alan Rickman. This character, Hans Gruber, is despicable, complex, and deliciously hate-worthy. It's his job to drive this film. If you don't hate him, the only thing left is... well, explosions. But you do hate him, and that fact makes all the difference.<br />Rickman is so good at playing Gruber that, while the character is secretly hijacking a skyscraper, the actor is publicly hijacking the entire movie. I own this DVD, and I gotta tell ya, every time I see him get it in the end, I stand up and cheer. It's that kind of film. (Oh. You haven't seen it, and I just ruined it for you by telling you the villain gets it? Yeah right. Sorry 'bout that.:-)<br />If Rickman is the guy I love to hate, Willis is the guy I hate to love. Lots of violence. Lots of explosions in most of what he does, but check out _Twelve Monkeys_ or _Fifth Element_. They work, and so does he. Willis's character in _Die Hard_, John McClane, has depth. Marital conflict. Head trips. The audience cares about him too. He's not just a slip filling the hero role. Willis has a way of delivering, and allowing others around him to shine.<br />Bottom line: This is to action films as Hank Williams is to Country music: it engages people who normally dislike the genre. Even if you aren't the action film type, _Die Hard_ is worth a try.
B000066NW0|1.0|i'm so mad that i couldnt rate this album zero stars...DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM IT SUCKS! Avril is such a poser she thinks she is punk and her fans are like oo yea we like punk cuz we like avril yea right my @$$ she sucks! if u think u like real punk rock try listening to Rancid, Bad Brains, Dead Kennedy's, A.F.I, or CKY. there real punk rockers and deffinitly not posers! U SHOULD SHOOT URE SELF IF U ARE PLANNING TO BUY OR ALREADY HAVE BOUGHT THIS ALBUM!!!!!
B00009V7T2|5.0|this is one of those albums that works as all ten songs and not just a collection of them.  there is so much emotion in Omar's voice it hurts.  i cannot describe how good this album is, one would just have to listen to find out themselves.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I've come to believe that those who disliked this film, simply dislike it because they never bothered to understand the movie.  The movie is a wonderful sequel to the first film, as is Revolutions (the two movies were really supposed to be one, but it was too long and so it was split into two movies, a la Kill Bill, and also probably Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire).  And despite what many uninformed people have said, the sequels were always planned.  It was planned as a series, not just one film.<br />The movie is full of great action, incredible special effects, and a wonderful story.  It's several years since the first film and the machines are starting to decend on Zion to wipe it out.  Neo and his buddies must enter the Matrix to try to find out anything they can to stop it from happening.<br />The movie's mood is much more somber and deep than the first one.  It's rife with themes such as the nature of choice and do we actually have free choice, or is everything pre-ordained?  Also the conequences of those choices.<br />I will admit the whole love/rave scene in Zion was a bit pointless in an otherwise flawless movie.
B000084T18|1.0|ok, rap sucks, 50 cent sucks.This so called ''rap'' is a bunch of retards acting like they live a hard life, wear 20 pound chains around their neck, have golden capped teeth, cant talk proper english,and they get overpaid.PEOPLE, LISTEN TO THE NAME...................50CENT!!!FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, SOME ''RAP'' FANS NEED TO START APPRECIATING SOME GOOD MUSIC!!!!!heres some albums/cds that are worth buying:pink floyds the wall,the rolling stones exile on mainstreet, nirvanas nevermind,metallicas master of puppets,guns n roses appetite for destruction,nirvanas in utero, pink floyds dark side of the moon, ANY led Zeppelin album, radioheads pablo honey, bon jovis slippery when wet,ac/dcs back in black,now theres a list.OK, bottom line,DO NOT BUY ANY 50 CENT/RAP ALBUM!! [oh, and whoever ''nirvanadude'' is, i think your right about nirvana being better than pearl jam]
B0000CDLA7|5.0|I'll keep this short and sweet.  Buy this CD.  You won't regret it.  This is such a large improvement over Six Degress of Inner Turbulence its not even funny.  This album has some extremely thought-provoking lyrics, beautiful dark melodies, and some of the best shredding JP has ever done.  I've got every DT album made to this date, and this one ranks up there with SFAM, AWAKE, and I&amp;W.  A must-have for any prog-rock fan.<br />Each Dream Theater CD is a landmark in its own right, showing the bands evolution through the years.  DT has combined metal, neo-classical, and even a bit fusion to form this fantastic album.
B00008PW2D|5.0|I know that there have been many reviews about the price of the fifth season of Sex and the City.  Okay, I am a huge fan of Sex and the City, I love all the girls.  But there was only about eight episodes in this season, which was not one of the best, so why is HBO trying to charge full price for the dvd sex.  Usually there are between 18-21 episodes in their full season for the same price, so why charge the full amount.  This season to me was a let down.  Even though Sarah Jessica Parker was pregnant and they couldn't work it into the show, they did not have to have her character suffer.  Her charcter did a complete 180 degree turn.  Usually Carrie shows soul and substance, in this season she was too bubbly and lacked her true self.  I just think that HBO needs to reconsider the pricing of the box sex or this will be the only season that I don't have on DVD!!!!!
0812550706|4.0|In the country where I am from some works of science fiction  were totally ignored. Although we knew many modern sci-fi writers we never heard of Orson Card. I am not surprised though having finally read this book. It's actually more about the phylosophical issues related to the function of our society then just some sci-fi work. I will definitely read the next book in this series. At the same time I felt that somethig was missing, something that makes the difference between very good book and great book. The author is sometimes just too serious. This is the reason I gave this book four stars instead of five.
0802130208|5.0|'A Confederacy of Dunces' was a tremendous surprise to me as a reader. The story hit me like a blast of flatulence and sarcasm. It is a totally unpredictable read. The sheer freshness and originality will first stun you, then leave you gasping for more. <br />The main character Ignatius, a big mind in an even bigger body, walks the streets of New Orleans pronouncing judgement upon everyone and everything that crosses his path. The belligerent behemoth leaves behind a wake of social destruction and confusion that would put Godzilla to shame. Meanwhile he entertains and educates his hapless reader by sharing the fruits of his medieval mind, his contemplations and jottings, giving an ultimate understanding of everything that was wrong with the 20th century.<br />A marvellously funny read.
6300184080|5.0|I thought this movie,Mask,was so heartfilled and even though it's kind of a sad movie, it was still so good!
B000067IZ3|5.0|I think it was the director (Soderberg) who said that he wanted to make a movie that did not reflect his views on the drug issue, but one which presented the facts as they were so that viewers could come up with their own conclusions. In this he succeeded. Traffic is a fairly unbiased look at the drug problem in the Mexico and the U.S. The Mexican half of the film is in Spanish with English subtitles, which in my opinion gives the film a more realistic feel. The documentary type sequences in the film (with real politicians and other officials) also add to the feeling of authenticity. <br />There are a number of subplots in the film which makes the film slightly difficult to follow if you aren't paying careful attention. Fortunately, all these subplots are somehow related, a masterful stroke as the subplots add to the complexity of the film reflecting the complexity of the problem in the real world. <br />I appreciated Soderberg not going down the route that many other American movie makers have gone. I'm referring to those directors who love the idea that the Americans are the heroes and the rest of the world is the bad-guys (A variation on the cowboys and Indians theme that many other directors have found difficult to grow out of). In traffic we have the `bad-guys' on both sides of the border. In fact one of the `bad-guys' turns out to be the daughter (Erika Christensen) of the man heading the war on drugs (Michael Douglas). <br />If you are a Michael Douglas fan, you won't be disappointed. If you are a Catherine Zeta Jones fan, you won't be disappointed. In fact if you are a fan of great movies, with great storylines and totally believable people you won't be disappointed with this film. Watch it to see what I'm talking about.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Josh Groban's first CD made me a huge fan and now I am back for more.  Somehow the usual words of praise don't seem good enough to describe this new CD from Josh.  Let me just say I got it last Tuesday when it came out and have played it over and over and I still can't get enough of it.  It's beautiful!! Josh's voice is even better than ever and his choice of songs is too good to be believed.  You can't go wrong with this CD - I dare you to listen to it and not become swept away by this young artist.  He is spectacular!!
0679446230|4.0|This book was a required reading for one of my college history classes. It does start a little slow, but once it picks up, it is almost impossible to put down. As with &quot;The Clockwork Orange&quot;, I wrote a little reference card on a notecard, just in case I forgot what one of the words the book used meant, I had my bookmark/notecard to look it up on.
B00005JKC3|1.0|I would not recommend this show to anyone. Save your money and buy anything else. This show was way too long and many scenes were quite unneccessary.DO NOT BUY THIS SHOW!!!
B00005JKJA|5.0|Any film that creates this much activity with people taking their time to write on-line reviews (over 800 on Amazon, over 1200 on IMDB) will have many folks at opposite ends of the rating scale.  To survive with 4 and 8 star ratings, respectively, says a lot for the staying power of the film.  My rankings?  A 5 for Amazon and a 9 for IMDB.  What David Lynch has created is an engrossing 2 hour and 27 minute cinematic experience that I was sorry to see come to a close.  Any film that leaves as many indelible images in my mind as this one, will always get my support.  (The scene in the Club Silencio featuring a Spanish version of Roy Orbison's 'Crying' is inspired film-making.  The scene at 'The Corral' was just plain spooky, and the hit-man in Adam Kesher's house was hilarious.)   I'm not going to get into the arguments about &quot;what did this scene mean?&quot; or &quot;this one didn't go anywhere&quot;, mainly because it's fruitless.  You either get it or you don't.  To be fair, this film made much more sense the second time around. That I wanted to watch it a second time says something about Lynch's ability to entertain even if you're lost somewhere in the story.  Yes, I know I used the terms 'entertain' and 'Lynch' in the same sentence, but it was intentional.  I wasn't dreaming.  Honest.  (Watch the film as a rental first, because it's not everyone's cup of tea.  That's what I did.  THEN I put it on my &quot;Wish List.&quot;)  Thank you, Mr. Lynch.  You are now officially forgiven for 'Dune.'
B00005JMFI|5.0|Elf is a movie about a man named Buddy (on account of his Little Buddy Diapers) who was rasied by Santa's Elves (Will Ferrell.).<BR>He learns that he's not an elf.  He soon has to go into New York, slap-happy, and without a clue.<BR>  This movie is constant laughs.  Will Ferrell who is (in my humble opion), the 4th funniest man on the face of the earth.  This movie isn't on a deep intellctul, but come on, it's hilarious!
0385504209|2.0|This is a very pedestrian action caper, written on about the college freshman level.  Parts of it are so badly written, with such laughable dialogue, that I turned my head and winced.  To its credit it's (mercifully) very quickly paced with a reasonably amusing little treasure hunt and some fun puzzles.  But that's it.  Plus we're asked to be nostalgic for pre-Christian paganism, which (from everything we know) was an absolutely horrible point in human civilization.  (Human sacrifice, anyone?)  All that rot about The Goddess, as though this was a period in history we would wish to return to, if only we had our heads screwed on straight, and hadn't been lied to by the Catholic Church.  What nonsense.  I would like to do a word search and see how many times the phrase &quot;sacred feminine&quot; appears in this book, but it must be at least 100.  Once the puzzles were figured out, I just wanted the characters to go away, and couldn't care less if they all went to prison, won the lottery, or fell off a cliff.  If you set the bar pretty low, you might enjoy this, but I'll not read anything else he's done.  I could write better than this when I was in High School.
B000092ZYX|5.0|incredible record....absolutely their best work of all time....
B0000C6E4D|2.0|I have one word to describe this CD - BORING!!!  Come on, Sarah, stretch a little.  Use the full range of those gorgeous pipes of yours!!!  I found this CD to lack the intricacies and angst of earlier works.  Easy listening for those who want background music, but nothing you can get your teeth into.  Similar rhythms, consistent vocal ranges, and lackluster lyrics make this one a snoozer.
B0000C9ZLD|1.0|the strokes have failed miserably -- this sounds identical to the first -- a waste of money -- just put on their first record.
B00005JLRT|4.0|Star Trek: Nemesis, the 10th (and possibly final) feature film based on Gene Roddenberry's seminal science fiction TV franchise, isn't as bad a Trek film as some would lead one to believe.  Sure, it isn't as good or satisfying as Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, but then again that film had Nicholas Meyer at the helm, which gave the Original Series' cast a worthy farewell.<br />Noted film editor-turned-director Stuart Baird isn't Nick Meyer, who gave his two Trek chapters its clever mix of Horatio-Hornblower-in-the-stars, literary allusions (Dickens and Melville in The Wrath of Khan and Shakespeare in The Undiscovered Country) and some outsider's irreverence to counter the first, flawed Star Trek film's pondering pretentions of grandeur.  But as a Trek outsider, Baird attempts to tell a dramatic tale which pits Capt. Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) and the Enterprise-E crew against Shimzon (Tom Hardy), a human who has been a slave on the Romulans' sister planet Remus and has become Praetor of the Romulan Empire in a deadly coup d'etat.  Cunning, ruthless and brimming with resentment, Shimzon is not only a fierce warrior and a veteran of the Dominion War, he's also Picard's clone.<br />For all its perceived flaws, Nemesis somehow plays better on the small screen than it does in the multiplex. It feels more natural watching this at home on a DVD player; screenwriter John Logan is an admitted Star Trek fan and blended elements from Star Trek II (which this movie's plot bears a similarity to in various respects) with an above-average Data-and-Picard episode from The Next Generation.  After all, Nemesis revolves around Picard and Data (Brent Spiner, who, with Logan and producer Rick Berman, co-wrote the story); each finds a mirror image of himself -- Picard/Shimzon and Data discovers his flawed prototype B-4 -- and each is forced to deal with his &quot;evil&quot; twin.<br />At the heart of the story, Nemesis is also about family and the many transitions families go through in life. We first see the Enterprise family celebrating the long-awaited &quot;conjugation&quot; between Cmdr. William Riker (Jonathan Frakes) and ship's Counselor Deanna Troi (Marina Sirtis), who, like children leaving home for college, are leaving the Enterprise for the USS Titan, Riker's first command.  We follow the crew on this final trek across the stars, only to watch as they mourn the loss of a cherished comrade.<br />Star Trek: Nemesis' special effects are excellent, and Baird's experience as both an editor (Superman: The Movie) and director gives the action sequences a kinetic energy absent from the previous film, Insurrection.  The score by noted composer Jerry Goldsmith is also outstanding.  (Brent Spiner fans who know the actor is also a gifted singer should find his rendition of Irving Berlin's &quot;Blue Skies&quot; as a very enjoyable bonus.)<br />The Paramount Widescreen Collection DVD is above average considering it's not a 2-disc &quot;Collector's Edition.&quot; It not only has a crisp digital transfer and clear sound, but it has audio commentary by Baird, deleted scenes and a handful of &quot;making-of&quot; documentaries.go through in life. We first see the Enterprise family celebrating the long-awaited &quot;conjugation&quot; between Cmdr. William Riker (Jonathan Frakes) and ship's Counselor Deanna Troi (Marina Sirtis), who, like children leaving home for college, are leaving the Enterprise for the USS Titan, Riker's first command.  We follow the crew on this final trek across the stars, only to watch as they mourn the loss of a cherished comrade.  <br />Star Trek: Nemesis' special effects are excellent, and Baird's experience as both an editor (Superman: The Movie) and director gives the action sequences a kinetic energy absent from the previous film, Insurrection.  The score by noted composer Jerry Goldsmith is also outstanding.  (Brent Spiner fans who know the actor is also a gifted singer should find his rendition of Irving Berlin's &quot;Blue Skies&quot; as a very enjoyable bonus.)<br />The Paramount Widescreen Collection DVD is above average considering it's not a 2-disc &quot;Collector's Edition.&quot; It not only has a crisp digital transfer and clear sound, but it has audio commentary by Baird, deleted scenes and a handful of &quot;making-of&quot; documentaries.
0385508417|4.0|John Grisham gives us a holiday thriller. Nora and Luther decide to skip Christmas when their daughter leaves for Peru. Luther books a trip for a cruise in the Carribean when an unexpected visitor is received.
B000099T2L|5.0|Beyonce Knowles debut solo album &quot;Dangerously in Love&quot; is a hit! She is no longer the you innocent girl that she was on Destiny's Child last CD &quot;The Writtings On The Wall&quot;.  She is now the very mature, extraordinary woman that we have grown to love.<BR>     I love every song on the CD. My favorite song on the album is &quot;Dangerously in Love 2.&quot;  Every time I hear this song, it makes me want to be with my man, or call him up and tell him how much I love him.  This song was also on the last Destiny's Child album.  There is also a duet with Luther Vandross which I find to be incredible.  Another nice song  that is on this CD called &quot;Daddy.&quot;  It is about her supportive father Matthew Knowles, who is also her executive producer.  This song shows how much she loves and appriciates her father for all of the things he's done for her.<BR>     The following songs are the hottest tracks on the album; &quot;Naughty Girl&quot;, &quot;Me Myself and I&quot;, And &quot;Dangerously in Love 2&quot;.  Of course you have the radio hot tracks like &quot;Baby boy&quot; and &quot;Crazy in Love.&quot;<BR>     Beyonce has become America's number one diva.  She is the perfect role model.  Right now she is the hottest R&amp;B artist out here.  <BR>     Despite all of the drama that has went on the Destiny's Child, Beyonce still managed to come out on top.  She's a very talented woman who has a great future ahead of her.  I give this CD a perfect ten!
B00000K19E|3.0|I've always called the first Matrix film a rip-off. It's a mix of many different films put together with component parts stolen from the Terminator (robots rule the future and have enslaved the remainder of humanity), Total Recall (futuristic 'Is it a dream or reality' sci-fi) and even Johnny Mnemonic (futuristic cyberpunk trash starring Keanu Reeves as a guy who can plug computers into his head and 'go into them'), plus various other works by William Gibson and a lot of Anime.<br /><br />Thomas 'Neo' Anderson, is a computer programmer/hacker who meets with the mythical cyber-terrorist Morpheous, who asks Neo if he wishes to know the truth about the world or live a lie forever. Neo chooses truth and soon wakes in a gel-filled pod in a techno-hell future. His body, and billions of others, is nothing more than a battery to power the machines that rule the future (exactly what they do with this world that they now rule is not explored).<br /><br />Convinced that Neo is 'The One', Morpheous trains him to be deadly digital warrior, but this set-up doesn't go beyond fighting a sentient program called Agent Smith. The war against the machines comes later.<br /><br />There's no denying that the film, unfortunately, was massively influential for virtually every action film that followed. Gone was the 'Die Hard' formula where action was gritty, somewhat realistic, and with practical stuntwork. In it's place they all went for excessive CGI, green-tinted photography, impossible cameras, and impossible physics. The Matrix is semi-stylish with it, but it doesn't ever entertain or excite me.<br /><br />It's the style of the Matrix that's more fondly cherished than the story. It won 4 technical Academy Awards, proving that all the Matrix is is eye-candy. Call that narrow-minded if you want but I believe this movie is no more than a very, very popular cult movie. A contradiction in terms yes, but still the most appropriate way of describing it.
0783230370|5.0|What a hoot! Arnold really captures the art of BEING pregnant. As a mother and a grandmother I can honestly say, 'he nailed it'. Never before have I seen anybody portray pregnancy with such a laugh a minute humor. It's a movie to watch over and over again.
B0000AXE8I|2.0|Arriving four years after the original, The Matrix Revolutions should have delivered action from start-to-finish since we've already had over 2 hours of set-up. Doesn't happen. Instead we get many, many scenes of long, rhetorical dialogue that wants to be deep and meaningful but instead comes across as pompous and boring. This is what happens when filmmakers are given free reign without studio interference. Damned if you do and damned if you don't, I guess.<br /><br />With the machines digging their way down to Zion, Neo, Trinity and Morpheus clash with the Council and various superiors on how to deal with the oncoming assault. You'd think the last thing they have time for is lots of pretentious talking.<br /><br />None of the many, superfluous fight scenes are exciting. They are virtually all about blocking. There is no real impact. Watching people twirl five times sideways after a soft kick to the chest doesn't make up for it. I can't understand how anybody has ever been impressed or entertained by these stupid, impossible physics.<br /><br />Keanu Reeves ain't no actor, but I can deal with it most of the time. However, Carrie-Anne Moss is very easy to look at, and Agent Smith owns every scene he's in. I do appreciate Monica Belluci's translucent dress too.<br /><br />It's an effort to get through this film. I've only watched it twice since it came out in 2003. There's just no reason to go back to it. There are films half the length, with a tenth of the budget, that have more action, and coherence.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|I hated this album the first time I listened to it and I am a big DT fan. Then, when I was in a better frame of mind, I listened again and it sounded better. After a few more listens, It is starting to sink in. Now I rate it up there with Awake, my favorite DT album. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is that I agree with some of the reviewers about the fast for fast sake guitar solos and the all too lengthy instrumentals. I would like track 2 alot more if they cut back a tad on the solos. I also think some of the keyboards sound a little tacky. The last track is probably my favorite - it really blends the old DT sound with the new heavier approach quite well. This may end up being 5 stars eventually.
B00008LDPU|5.0|The idea of the Matrix is so full of potential and could be taken in so many, many directions. The movies decided to go in the direction of pretension but the Animatrix goes EVERYWHERE the movies don't. It is so far superior and well worth the time. It's a shame that most audiences don't consider Anime or any form of animation to be 'real' or something that they should take seriously (sadly even Matrix fans feel this way and won't watch it simply because it's animation) because they're missing out on something very special here.<br />It's not original to review this DVD by going thru all the shorts so I'll just stick to what I like best (which is most of it). First of all, 'The Second Renaissance Parts 1 and 2' is absolutely VITAL as backstory to the first Matrix film. And it's a zillion times more interesting than the sequels in terms of drama, irony and subtext. 'The Final Flight of the Osiris' takes place before Reloaded and leads us into story of the machines beginning to drill down to Zion. And it's very cool. 'Detective' is a story of a private eye trying to find Trinity and discover what exactly the Matrix is. But Agent Smith comes after him to put a stop to that. It's in black and white and has a wonderful atmosphere of 1950's dime novel pulp fiction. 'Matriculated' is the story of a captured machine who is taught/hypnotized into feeling what it's like to be human. It's a very clever story that manages to provoke feeling for the characters (and even the captured machine), something the movies never did.<br />'Kid' is about the kid from Revolutions who takes over the Mech at the end and manages to open the doors to Zion. Apparently, before being freed, he was a schoolkid who met Neo online and wanted to 'wake up'.<br />But the best one is 'Beyond'. A magical tale with an atmosphere so solid that it's almost tangible. It's about a girl who goes looking for her cat in an old abandoned factory with some other kids. But in this factory the Matrix is having problems and 'reality' for the characters doesn't quite work properly. It's a very interesting tale that really makes you think.<br />There are numerous extras on this DVD, all of them more interesting that the other Matrix DVDs. All 9 of the shorts are presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen with Dolby 5.1 sound. It's truly for all fans and non-fans of the Matrix universe.s and 'reality' for the characters doesn't quite work properly. It's a very interesting tale that really makes you think.<br />There are numerous extras on this DVD, all of them more interesting that the other Matrix DVDs. All 9 of the shorts are presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen with Dolby 5.1 sound. It's truly for all fans and non-fans of the Matrix universe.
1405009128|5.0|This is a great book for children and their parents! Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler have created another wonderful children's book. Like their well-known favorite The Gruffalo, this book has colorful, detailed pictures and a catchy rhythm. It's a real pleasure to read, and it will help little ones learn their animals!
B0000CDLA7|1.0|I have never been this depressed before.I have never hated post grunge music as much as I do today.There is no more hope for rock. God has forsaken the only rock band that used to have meaningful lyrics. Go listen to Neal Morse's Testimony instead. I have a huge DT sticker on my car + I was in a DT tribute band for a couple years so I love DT, but they are not the same band anymore.I blame every guitar player out there that thinks playing fast is the coolest thing. Please. Does anyone really need to play faster than Jason Becker?  Is there a reason any more? Do yourself a favor and listen to scott henderson or chick corea.  And for those that think technique is the most important thing, go to school and study music for a while. You'll fing that classical music is not about playing harmonic minor scales really fast. Listen to Stravinsky or Copland and you'll find beauty you have never experienced before. Tool can lick my phrygian fried kalimari. I'm going to end this Cobain style.....
B000088E6D|5.0|Breathing new life into a type of music that Sinatra sang and Nelson Riddle conducted takes a heck of a lot of breath support and support is what this Michael Buble's CD seemed to have in the making of it.  David Foster producing, Paul Anka executive producing, Barry Gibbs singing back-up, Mandel, Foster, and Costa arranging.  Whoa! It didn't hurt to plug a few power cords into these legendary sources.<br />Unequivocally and indubitably, this is a new sound coming out of an otherwise vintage music type.  Buble's voice displays the confidence and emotional range which are qualities often only mastered by old-time craggy crooners.  Often, the cruel irony in music is that by the time you learn how to sing and life experiences provides you with something to say, your voice wears out.  But apparently Buble's wine has aged before he did.  His voice is strong and vital.  And all the technicals are there--amazing breath support, super control, fine-tune pitch, mellifluous tone.  And he doesn't sing with a tight throat like Sinatra.<br />Buble's phrasing is Carmen McRae quality.  McRae always had the ultimate respect for the word and so does Buble.  Words have endings and Buble finishes them off nicely without a pedantic harshness.  Then, like McRae, Buble puts the words together and tells a story.  The magnificent singer not only effectively conveys a musical idea, but also attaches a verbal idea to it.  The result is rich.<br />This Buble CD incorporates newer songs with the usual standards and its a real nice blend.  The offering of songs are varied yet connective--that has got to come from a strong sense of who Buble is and what he can do.  Apparently, he can do a lot.
B00008J4P5|4.0|I've been a Stripes fan for a while and I would say that pesonally I prefer their two previous cds but nonetheless I would recommend this. There arent really any bad songs on here except possibly the last song but if you consider it as a novelty track it doesnt take away from the album. The single Seven Nation Army shows some evolution as jack adds a bass part wich is actually just a guitar with an octave effect. Some of the songs like The Hardest Button To Button features a real bass and also Jack has added guitar solos to his songs. He really only  employed solos previously at his live shows with a few exceptions. My favourite song is probablty ball and biscuit wich is a 6+ minute blues song wich trades off standard blues licks whith exetremely distorted guitar screeches. In conclusion Ill say that this is not a life changing cd, its not one of the best of all time but it is ampong the best of the year(thats not saying much though) so if your a White Stripes fan go out and buy it right now and if your a casual fan its worth checking out and is a good intro to the Stripes.
B0000CFW87|5.0|What a wonderful range of songs in this collection!  I couldn't get enough of his first album, yet this one is even better.  Josh Groban shows us more of his own style while also giving us a taste of what was so beautifully done on the first album.  Enjoy!
055357342X|5.0|Few people have ever wrote a series where the sequals surpass their predecessors.  Martin is one of those people.<br />This novel is so incredibly epic, you shall remember the events in it until your dying day.  The Mountain Gregor Clegane fighting in single combat was truly the greatest fight scene I have ever seen wrote ever.  It will truly be hard to surpass it.  The later scenes among the Wildlings are also amazing.  Nothing has ever been written so amazing, with so many memorable scenes, I find that almost any minute I have free time I am thinking about this book, this concentration of the greatest feats of writing of all time all rolled into one truly amazing book.  I am not stating this as opinion, but as fact.  I really think its that great.<br />A Storm of Swords shall keep you on your toes throughout, with plot twists at every turn, that few people will be able to see coming.  Chills were sent down my spine more times in this book than both Clash of Kings and Game of Thrones combined.  Even with the absolute speechless amazement like I had never felt in my life I felt in a Game of Thrones when the dragons were born.<br />You shall not be disappointed.
B000002I2M|5.0|This is one of those albums (CDs) which only gets better each time you listen to it. It's so different from the other Doors' releases, and it stands out as so refreshingly what Jim truly wanted to record. A great album, and very insightful as to what Jim thought good music was really all about. A true Doors' (maybe Morrison is a better word) creation. He went out with a bang by releasing this master before his untimely (?) death.
B0000CDLA7|4.0|Number one-I hate Dream Theater.They are boring,lifeless and overly self-indulgent,the keyboards are awful and they don't stop songs when they should.I understand Dream Theater have a hardcore fan-base(the drummer and bassist in my band are part of it)but I still hate them.There is no good (proper) Dream Theater song,apart from 'The Silent Man',which is radically different from the rest of their back catalogue.So,I assumed that their latest offering would fail to provoke a reaction too.Yet 'Train of Thought',somewhat ironically,is one of the albums of the year.It does have a lot of modern influences,mainly from Nu-Metal(and Linkin Park in particular,I feel)but it also reminds me of early Metallica work,especially '... And Justice For All',but with Dream Theater's trademark quirkiness in tow.<br />Most of the songs have weak parts,and some of the keyboard parts are still annoying,but this time round Jordan Rudess plays (mainly) in place of a rhythm guitar,but generally the songs don't over-play themseleves and it remains a good listen.<BR>It's a different direction this time musically,less obviously progressive and Dream Theater finally seem to have outgrown their tendancy to make songs long for the sake of it,and are looking in a direction they seem more comfortable with.Of note are opener 'As I Am' and instrumental track 'Dream Of Consciousness',and the rest also feature exeplary instrument work,and James LaBrie's vocal is his best yet,but these are the true standouts.I'm not a convert yet because of the sluggish back catalogue,but this is their best album since 'Awake'.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|I study philosophy and theology indepthly. For the idiots who wrote the reviews whining that the lyrics of John Petrucci make no sense and suck, are obviously unlearned morons. The lyrics on TRAIN OF THOUGHT are not only very philosophical but deeply spiritual and penetrate the learned mind, profoundly. Try studying some philosophy and theology before you make an idiotic comment about something you know nothing about. This album is a perfect masterpiece! Track one, \\"As I am,\\" is an amazingly fast, super-heavy incorporeal, spiritual journey into Grace and Free Will. Track two, \\"This Dying Soul,\\" track three, \\"Endless Sacrifice,\\" track four, \\"Honor Thy Father\\" (not your own father--God, morons), track five, \\"Vacant,\\" track six, \\"Stream of Consciousness,\\" and track seven, \\"In the Name of God,\\" are all killer tracks. Even track three, the pseudo-ballad, is a rampaging torrent of contemplation. This album is a perfect reflection of where Dream Theater is at. If you don't have this disk in your rotation, you must be one of the idiots who thinks Petrucci can't write lyrics.
B00006L83N|5.0|I hate Dream Thater with a passion,but love Symphony X with a passion.Such a good band!'V' is a better album but christ,how good is 'The Oddyssey'.The title track is brilliant,but the real star is opener '(Inferno)Unleash the Fire' which is pure quality.Everything about this album is excellent apart from some of the track editing.Otherwise it's absoulutley superb.A must-buy.
B00000AF95|4.0|While animalize was recored in the non make up days... it is still a good album. Not one of the best though. Simmons creativiy is abcent on this ablum due to his acting career. Paul Stanley took the reigns for animalize, while he did do a good job, the songs simmons did contribute are not as good as simmons can do. But the album did have it high points, such as heaven's on fire and thrills in the night. The album is one of their heavy albums, fueled by eric carr's drumming and mark st. John's guitar riffs. Overall... a good cd, while it is lacking in sme areas, it is not a failure, nor is it a bad cd.
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica's Master of Puppets was released in 1986 into a world of hair metal, and 80's pop crap. The album starts off with an acoustic intro that sends shivers down your spine, and than it explodes, with great riffing, and some incredible melodies. The album keeps its rough edge, yet melodic touch from beginning to end. Master of Puppets has been called one the greatest albums ever, even by people who don't listen to heavy metal music, thats how good this album was, and still is. <br />Battery - This is a great album opener, the acoustic intro is a great beginning, and than it just blows up. Ferocious guitars roaring through the main riff with great intensity. The song also has great vocals delivered by James Hetfield. In the middle of the song it switches gears, and delivers a great riff leading into a great solo by Kirk Hammet, all in all, this is a great song to start an album on. A+<br />Master of Puppets - The title track begins with a ferocious opening riff that gets you in the mood to break stuff. Than the main riff comes in and its just as intense and fast. James Hetfield delivers some great lyrics, this song was the biggest anti-drug song of the 80's. In the middle of the song it changes gears and gives us a nice melodic line featuring a rhythm guitar solo. Than the build up into a great climatic solo by Kirk Hammet. The song goes out the way it came in, kind of repetitive, but still a great song. B<br />The Thing That Should Not Be - This song is really really heavy. It's not one of my favorites, but thats personal preference, a lot of people think this is one of Metallicas best. C+<br />Sanitarium - This is one of my personal favorite Metallica songs, it was their second ballad (although they technically didn't have any ballads until the Black Album). It has a Pink Floydish opening that goes into a great main riff, its a slower song at first. But it doesn't stay that way, mid way through the song it builds up into a very nice bridge that gives me goosebumps still. It ends with a great guitar solo by Kirk Hammet. A+<br />Disposable Heroes - This song has a nice and heavy opening riff that gets you all excited, but all in all I think its a bit too long. There isn't anything in it that keeps the song exciting, and for an 8 1/2 minute song, thats needed. B-<br />Lepper Messiah - This song doesn't really get good until the middle of the song when the song changes gears and goes into a really cool riff with good harmonies backing it up. Either way, its a pretty good song. B<br />Orion - This is an epic instrumental song that sends shivers down my spine throughout the whole song. It starts off with a fade - in type of thing, that goes into a really good main riff, with lots a guitar melody. This song shows a lot of classical influence, definately coming from the late bass player Cliff Burton. In the middle of the song it goes into a spaced out weird kinda thing, but its great, and it goes into a great ending for one of the most beautiful, and epic instrumental songs of all time. A++++++++++++++<br />Damage Inc. - This is a good song to end an album on. A nice heavy riff starts us out, and it has good focals by James Hetfield. And best of all for an album closer, its fast, really really fast. In the middle its got a great riff type of thing, its kinda cool, and than it ends the same way it began. A<br />So there you go, Master of Puppets is considered by some the greatest heavy metal album of all time, for others, its Metallica's best album, either way you say it, its definately an epic, and a true classic. Unfortunately this would be the last album Metallica put out with bass legend Cliff Burton, he was killed in a tragic bus accident in Sweden during the supporting tour for the album, Metallica would never be quite the same again, but in some ways, that is a good thing. The next album would be dry, the production is really bad, but the songs are even more epic than the songs on this album are...
B000001EL3|5.0|This album really defined kiss's studio works. It ia called by lots of people as thier best studio album. Songs from this album are the most requested by kiss fans to be played live. And for good reason, songs like detroit rock city, god of thunder, beth, and shout it out loud have become permanet staples in kiss's live show. This album works really well on all levels. The band's creativity and range is shown on it. Its a must own, it was the album that said that kiss was here to stay.
6300184080|5.0|I recently showed Mask, based on the true-life story of Rocky Dennis, to my high school English class. Even today's teen-agers found the relationship between the disfigured Rocky and his blind girlfriend to be sweetly touching.  The two sides of Rocky's biker-chick mother (in an outstanding performance by Cher) led to fruitful writing assignments about a parent struggling with addiction who can also be an incredibly supportive mother to her son.  The students were also impressed with Rocky's exemplary personal qualities.  Not only was Rocky Dennis an intelligent and sensitive human being who copes with his rare disease with humor and courage, he often has to &quot;parent&quot; his mother, and sets challenging goals for himself despite the death sentence hanging over his head.  This film gives a strong message to teens (and adults) that -- despite bad examples sometimes from parents and peers -- having a strong sense of respect for oneself, nurturing long-range personal goals and healthy interests, being kind and decent to others, and maintaining a sense of humor can get us through even the worst challenges life deals us.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Her first studio album since 1997's 'Surfacing' and it certainly was worth the wait! 'Afterglow' is brilliant.  It has a quiet, beautiful haunting that wraps you up like a warm blanket. She is the consumate singer/song writer. Highly recomend this album!
B00005AQE8|5.0|THIS MAN WAS BRILLANT, AND INTELLIGENT.HE HAD THE POTENTIAL TO BECOME SOMEONE WHO WOULD HAVE CHANGED THE WORLD(I GUESS THATS WHY I LIKE HIM SO MUCH)UNFORTUNATELY HIS LIFE WAS TAKEN TOO SOON<BR>EVERYONE ALWAYS WANNA COMPARE HIM TO BIGGIE BUT THEY ARE TWO UNCOMPARABLE INDIVIDUALS..AND MOST YOUNG-MINDED INDIVIDUALS WOULD PICK BIGGIE BECAUSE HE REP NEW YORK WHICH HAPPENS TO BE WHERE THEY ARE FROM OR MOST WOULD PICK 2PAC BECAUSE HE REP LA WHICH HAPPENS TO BE WHERE THEY ARE FROM.....IT DOESNT WORK LIKE THAT... WHO CARES WHERE THEY COME FROM WASN'T NEITHER ONE OF THEM PUTTING MONEY IN YOUR POCKETS(YOU WERE PUTTING MONEY IN THEIRS)<BR>BUT THIS ALBUM IS GREAT....I WOULDNT CALL 2PAC A RAPPER I WOULD SAY HE IS A SOCIOLOGIST, PHLOSOPHER, POET, AND INTELLECTUAL YOUNG INDIVIDUAL WHO WAS UNFORTUNATELY MAKING THE WRONG CHOICES(AS FAR AS THE CROWEDS HE WAS HANGING WITH AND ETC)BUT FOR PEOPLE WHO DON'T LIKE HIM FOR HIS UNUSUAL AND STRANGE BEHAVIOR YOU NEED TO REALLY LISTEN TO THE LYRICS OF MOST OF HIS MUSIC IT WILL CHANGE YOUR NEGATIVE THINKNG(EVEN THOUGH HE HAD HIS F*CK A B*TCH MOMENTS IN HIS LYRICS)HIS WRITINGS AND LYRICS ARE SO POWERFUL THAT THEY NOW HAVE COLLEGE COURSES ON HIM...I HIGHLEY RECCOMEND EVERYONE TO CHECK OUT HIS ALBUM
B000059XUP|5.0|My feelings about this sequel were mixed at first. The more I see it over time, though, the more I have to admit that it is a decent effort. Of course nothing can top the first film and the story of Eric Draven. But then, this film doesn't really try to rip off the first. Afterall, both are based on O'Barr's comic book series- and there are many Crows. You'll never run out of Crows, because you'll never run out of restless spirits, monstrous injustice, and the unavenged dead.<br />The two films are tied together nicely, though. It wasn't until probably the third time that I saw it that I realised that the female lead, Sara, is the little girl from the original film. She has grown up and moved as far away from Detroit and Devil's Night as she can get. Unfortunately, she has run to the City of Angels and the Day of the Dead.... In any case, the sets, the costumes, and especially the music, definately give the same overall feel of the original- if anything it is even more gritty and extreme.<br />The character of Ash is not your typical macho action hero. He is decent, sensitive, average guy- who has his only son murdered in front of him. My only question is this- if the they wanted to play up the sensitivity and murdered child angle, then why didn't they make this incarnation of the Crow a woman?
B00008J2DQ|3.0|So the popular buzz is Godsmack's first C.D. (self-entitled)was quite a bit better than their second (Awake). It was more diverse and even deemed &quot;genius&quot;. Then &quot;Awake&quot; hit the stores two years later and most people thought it was commonly thought of as &quot;monotonous, not that impressive, not as good as its predecessor&quot;. Even though I don't agree with these theses, I do think Awake substituted some of the &quot;genius&quot; and originality with harder/louder music and vocals. But, oh well, Godsmack only had less than two years to make it.<br />And so now, three years later, Godsmack releases Faceless. They were aware Awake sold a million less than album #1, so they would be well advised to go back to their roots and do a more clever album. Did they?<br />I love the song &quot;Straight Out of Line.&quot; From the beginning seconds when there are war noises and the amplifiers are turning on, I can tell it's going to be an awesome song. There is a very good drum solo leading into the typical Godsmack explosion of heavy rock and the rest of the catchy song follows. I'm sure you've heard this song on the radio.<br />Tracks 2-10 are all heavy, head-bangin' songs with the same basic sound and elements as eachother. Each song is just as intense as the last. But I don't care. They're good songs for the most part and make the album powerful and intense. Typical Godsmack. However, some songs, like &quot;Releasing the Demons&quot;, I expected to be just downright better than they were. Maybe it could have been more industrial sounding or had a creepier sound, or maybe a solo in it-there are few solos on this album.<br />And even though I thought &quot;I Stand Alone&quot; was thrown in there just for filler, it is a tight, very catchy song and fits with the rest of the album.<br />I liked the album enough to think little of its songs sounding alike...until the last two songs. That's when I realized this album was almost like &quot;Awake: Part 2&quot;. With no agressive music or lyrics, the last two songs &quot;Awakening&quot; and &quot;Serenity&quot; are almost exactly like the last two tracks on &quot;Awake&quot;. And, the second to the last track on both albums are only about a minute long--almost like an interlude into the last song. The concept of a song like that at the end of a hardcore, hard fought album is no longer new. Even the tribal drums on &quot;Serenity&quot; are reminiscent of 1998's &quot;Voodoo&quot;. Realizing this, I also realize the other, hard songs sound almost just like &quot;Awake&quot;'s hard songs.<br />So, if I look at &quot;Faceless&quot; and &quot;Awake&quot; as two seperate albums (which you should), I enjoy them both very much, as they are both very good. But, when I look at Godsmack as a whole, now, I say they need some new ideas. FACELESS GRADE: B<br />GODSMACK GRADE: Cagressive music or lyrics, the last two songs &quot;Awakening&quot; and &quot;Serenity&quot; are almost exactly like the last two tracks on &quot;Awake&quot;. And, the second to the last track on both albums are only about a minute long--almost like an interlude into the last song. The concept of a song like that at the end of a hardcore, hard fought album is no longer new. Even the tribal drums on &quot;Serenity&quot; are reminiscent of 1998's &quot;Voodoo&quot;. Realizing this, I also realize the other, hard songs sound almost just like &quot;Awake&quot;'s hard songs. <br />So, if I look at &quot;Faceless&quot; and &quot;Awake&quot; as two seperate albums (which you should), I enjoy them both very much, as they are both very good. But, when I look at Godsmack as a whole, now, I say they need some new ideas. FACELESS GRADE: B <BR>GODSMACK GRADE: C
