B001G0MFOM|3.0|Don't bother buying this final season.  Rent it from somewhere just to see what happens but don't blame me when you don't like it.<br /><br />Watching some clips of old Season 1 episodes I found online, it's almost hard to believe it's the same show.  I'd forgotten how there used to be honest emotion and interesting characters in this show.<br /><br />I can imagine that writing a TV show is hard work.  Even with a great idea, like this show, as the series goes on you inevitably get trapped in by the history of the characters and events that have taken place.  I guess the challenge for good writers is to be able to deal with this and still create compelling TV.  I think that this was too much for the L word writers, however.<br /><br />I wish that this was an excellent 2 season show instead of a excellent, then good, then mediocre, then bad 6 season show.<br /><br />Goodbye L-word.  The only thing you've succeeded in the past 3 or 4 seasons has been to drain your fans' wallets.  Of course, I'll see an \\"L-Word\\" movie, if only to tie up the loose ends from the terribly written finale.
1416914307|5.0|From book one, I've been hooked. Completely and totally hooked. Really, from page one, I was hooked-- I'm not even joking. Cassandra Clare's fantasy world captivated me from the very beginning, and that hold hasn't lessened in the two books since. Like I've said before-- it has everything in it: romance, action, suspense, wit, et cetera. And the characters vary too-- from werewolves to faeries, vampires to humans, demons to angels. With a cast list like that, how can you not find something in the book that interests you? Uh huh, that's what I thought!<br /><br />Clare has a way of constantly twisting the story plot, keeping the readers on their toes, without confusing us. Not always an easy thing to do, but Clare does it wonderfully! Just when you think that you know where the story is going, which side a particular character is on, Clare throws you a curve ball that sets you back (almost) to square one. Its one of the reasons why the books are so engaging--- the reader has to think about it, and try to keep up, unless of course they'd rather just enjoy the ride until the end when everything is resolved. I prefer trying to figure things out as the book goes, but with Clare's novels, it is sometimes a bit of a challenge. All the more reasons to enjoy it!<br /><br />**SLIGHT SPOILER ALERT FOLLOWS**<br />Of course, the one thing I knew from book one, no matter how many curve balls she threw our way, was that Jace and Clary are not siblings. There, I said it. If it comes as a surprise to any readers out there, then I'm sorry for 'spoiling' that, but I think most readers have known all along, and strongly believed it in our hearts, that the two of them could never be siblings-- they belong together, they connect in a way couldn't be because of 'shared' blood. Plus, there were too many little clues and twists along the way that always made me realize that Jace wasn't really Johnathan. But I'm not going to go into too many details about this, one, because it's long and complicated if you haven't read all the books yet, and second, because I don't want to spoil anything else! Just trust me, and after you read COG, you too will probably think back to all the little things from the previous books that helped to point it out.<br /><br />Besides the amazing story, I loved City of Glass because of the wit and sarcasm that I have come to expect and adore in the series, especially from Jace. It's so much a part of not only the characters, but the story, and it makes what would otherwise be a very dark and rich book (in a good way!) into one that has it's moments of lightness. I laughed at more than a few quotes in the book, in all of the books, actually, and some of them are where you least expect it. As much as I love a good strong fantasy book, heavy in plot and development, I want to have a few laughs along the way, too, and City of Glass delivers on both accounts.<br /><br />Clary is a very strong character, and I enjoyed following her story through the series. Sometimes I find the heroine in books to be weak or annoying, but Clary was perfect-- as were most of the other interesting characters we are introduced to. From the flamboyant Magnus Bane (a gay warlock that falls for Alec) to the timid-turned-strong Simon, I enjoyed learning more about them all. They all added their own thing to the books, like layers on a cake-- without the one beneath it, the next one wouldn't be possible. I would love to hear more about them, especially some of the minor characters.... Its one of the reasons why it is so hard to see a good series end!<br /><br />But what an end it was! I wasn't at all disappointed, and I doubt that you will be either. It was everything I expected, not only the action scenes, but seeing Jace and Clary finally fall for each other. Jace, for all his tough, bad-ass shell, proves again and again that he has a tender side in City of Glass. No wonder I love him so much! Seriously, why can't more men/boys in the real world have personalities and characteristics like those of the heroes from our favorite books?!<br /><br />5/5 STARS! A dazzling ending to a brilliant series, City of Glass is everything the fans could possibly want, and more. The only disappointment will be at the end-- when the story is over, and there's no more to look forward to.... Until her next series!of the heroes from our favorite books?!     5/5 STARS! A dazzling ending to a brilliant series, City of Glass is everything the fans could possibly want, and more. The only disappointment will be at the end-- when the story is over, and there's no more to look forward to.... Until her next series!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Love This Album... My favourite songs are:<br /><br />*Oops!... I Did It Again<br /><br />*Stronger<br /><br />*What U See (Is What U Get)<br /><br />Love U B!<br /><br />XoXo<br /><br />Alex! :)
1595141979|5.0|Richelle Mead tells a wicked and emotional story about vampires-- but not just any vampires. The Vampire Academy Series, especially Shadow Kiss, is filled with action, mystery, suspense, and yes, even love. It has the perfect mixture of light humor and dark angst, which I think can appeal to almost anyone, both the teenage crowd it was printed for and adults too.<br /><br />Rose's story has been constantly developing and evolving since the very beginning-- every time you think you know what's going to happen, Mead does a complete 180, catching you by surprise and throwing you right back into a new situation that you never, in your wildest dreams, could have imagined. She knows how to tell the story in a way that it keeps you interested and wondering AND doesn't confuse you at the same time, something that not all authors can do.<br /><br />Besides the amazing storyline, the characters are also great. Rose and Lissa are very vivid and you can tell that they are good friends. Christian and Adrian, while slightly 'darker' in personality, are both interesting and funny in their own way, and also deep, not just a couple of characters brought in to fill up space.<br /><br />And Dimitri... Oh My! Not only is he described as a total hotty, but he's also very intense, strong, brave, and STILL sweet and loving with Rose. Their love is forbidden, not only because of the slight age difference but also because of the duties they have that will always come first. And yet, despite these hardships, they've managed to still make do, even if it's been very rough. Because of this, their emotions seem that much more intense and true, and there's not doubt that besides loving each other in the physical sense, they also love each other, in the true emotional sense of the word. Their passion jumps right off the page, burning everything it touches, but Mead writes it in such a way that you realize that it's not just sex, but something deeper, and it's not written to look cheap or overly graphic. A mature teenage could read it just as easily as an adult can, and probably relate to their relationship too.<br /><br />I've been following the series from the very beginning, and devoured each book, and even I never saw the twist Shadow Kiss would take-- especially the ending! I will admit that I was pretty dang close to tears during a certain part at the end, and when I realized that Mead was leaving us at a cliff hanger until the next book, I screamed out my frustration, because the story is just that good, that captivating and interesting, that I HAVE to know what happens next! All I can say is she had better not ruin the series in the next book *If you read it and get to the end, you'll know what I mean. I don't wish to spoil it for anyone.* and book four had better come out soon! Until then, I'll definitely be spending my time re-reading the first three, obsessing over them and waiting, impatiently, for the next one.<br /><br />5/5 STARS! An amazing book about vampires, suspense, action, and love. The pages fly by, and any reader, teen or adult, will find Rose's world to be intriguing and delicious. A must read for any one who wants to be blown away by a fantasy novel that grabs you by the shirt and pulls you right in!ge could read it just as easily as an adult can, and probably relate to their relationship too.     I've been following the series from the very beginning, and devoured each book, and even I never saw the twist Shadow Kiss would take-- especially the ending! I will admit that I was pretty dang close to tears during a certain part at the end, and when I realized that Mead was leaving us at a cliff hanger until the next book, I screamed out my frustration, because the story is just that good, that captivating and interesting, that I HAVE to know what happens next! All I can say is she had better not ruin the series in the next book *If you read it and get to the end, you'll know what I mean. I don't wish to spoil it for anyone.* and book four had better come out soon! Until then, I'll definitely be spending my time re-reading the first three, obsessing over them and waiting, impatiently, for the next one.     5/5 STARS! An amazing book about vampires, suspense, action, and love. The pages fly by, and any reader, teen or adult, will find Rose's world to be intriguing and delicious. A must read for any one who wants to be blown away by a fantasy novel that grabs you by the shirt and pulls you right in!
0061251305|5.0|A very well researched and written book, with practical insight.  The eight years they spent on the study of more than two dozen organizations was time well spent.  They show how tribes in the workplace naturally form and how each stage progresses.  The text clearly shows how leaders within organizations that fail to understand what motivates their tribe will have a difficult time creating success.    This book is an excellent tool to help the leadership in any organization define what stage they are currently at and how they can move their tribe to the next stage with positive results.    I've read more than 20 Leadership books in the last 6 years and this one easily makes my top 5.
B001GZ6QC4|4.0|I love buying through Amazon. It is so easy and reliable. This is where I get all my DVD's and music.
B002FVRA5U|5.0|I have often heard people talk about a book they just couldn't put down.  Although I've enjoyed many books in my 55 years, I'm not sure I've ever quite had the experience of truly not being able to put a book down--that is until this one.  A fascinating story which allows us to really see the Afghanistan people from the inside and to fully appreciate what out young people in uniform are doing on our behalf.  This book should be mandatory reading for every member of Congress.  I experienced more emotion reading this book than I ever have reading a book or watching a movie.  I can't recommend this book highly enough.  Marcus, we owe you and your SEAL buddies.  Great job.
B001GCUO1Q|5.0|Xmen orgins is by far a great movie this is a keeper. The guys are Hot!
0060899220|5.0|There's not much I can add that hasn't been said by other reviewers.  Working the kitchens and bars of America is some of the hardest, most thankless work in the world, but it's still one of the most spiritual working environments I've ever known. It's one of the last places eccentricity is encouraged, embraced and celebrated.  All you have to do is carry your weight because once you join the show and prove yourself, you're hooked for life.  Restaurants' aren't just eateries; they're little bastions of unbreakable spiritual connections that celebrate life in all its manifestations.<br /><br />This book brought back old memories of temperamental chefs and their frayed lives.  They always seemed to be having problems with their wives, their mistresses and the law.  The waitresses are always cool, the gossip is always intriguing, and the affairs are always surprisingly weird hook-ups.  The only thing I don't miss is swollen feet.  No matter how comfortable the shoes, they never quite save you from having swollen feet.  This book may not make literary history, but if you're interested in owning or working in a restaurant, it's a must read.  Well done Mr. Bourdain, well done!
B00280LYHS|5.0|omg! if you like books 1-4 (who doesnt?) then you will fall in LOVE this!!!! i know i do!!!!! Perfect for kids ages 10-14, or anyone looking for action,comedy, and romance. Read the other books before this one!
0670021652|5.0|Embarking on writing a major work after the spectacular Eat, Pray, Love, must have been no easy feat. However, undaunted and honest as ever, Elizabeth Gilbert provides an eye-opening and thorough account of the colossal entity we call marriage. We have all grown up accepting marriage as a given. It seems to be taken as common place that people simply grow up and get married- and then (of course) live happily ever after. Or is it that easy?    Not so fast, Gilbert warns us. Do we completely know what we are getting into? What happens to us as independent beings when we marry? What makes a marriage more likely to succeed, and what makes it more likely to fail? What are the economic, social, and legal ties that bind us and do we even understand the significance of them? How are we able to somehow throw love in the mix as well? Extremely timely and pertinent questions with serious implications. Some of the most interesting and thought provoking aspects of the book- a glimpse into the lives of the Hmong women in Asia (who view marriage not as a solution to all of life's problems and seem to have no qualms whatsoever about this), how marriage was viewed by different religions throughout the centuries- not always so 'sacred', and the way marriage has been used to secure money, power, and property throughout history. Quite simply, Gilbert explains this institution has been pulled, prodded, and changed for centuries- yet still it remains. There is something, then that draws us still to marry. Gilbert (thrown rather harshy into marriage by the US government) walks away with a brokered peace with marriage and a deeper understanding of what it means to be married- as she embarks on her own marriage. The reader has a deeper understanding as well.    As a final note, what is more important if not the subject of who we spend our lives with? Who we share our faith, time, children, money, and precious moments with? As a new mother who married five years ago at the age of 24 (I knowthis puts me into the danger zone :), this book has given me fuller understanding of what it means to be married and coming to respect my own marriage as an imperfect, changing, and totally lovable creature- much like my own baby son. (Quite simply, the white gown and endless talks about the church and reception hall didn't really matter- the chats we had about faith, child-rearing, navigating our political differences, and in-laws definitely mattered.) It has once been said that 'The unexamined life is not worth living.' Gilbert's book suggests that perhaps an unexamined marriage is not worth having- and I'd agree.
0385504225|4.0|I did enjoy reading \\"The Lost Symbol\\" but the driving story smacks much too closely to that found in \\"The DaVinci Code\\" and \\"Angels & Demons\\" -- it's really feels like the same recipe but with different window dressing and different (but similar) puzzles.    I DID appreciate all the details that Brown provides;  the man DOES do his research and turns up some fascinating nuggets.  It's almost better to consider the book a tour guide of the bizarre secrets of Washington D.C. and unusual tidbits of American history pasted together with a modicum of familiar story.    I'd like to see Brown's next novel keep the historical, factual nature of his three current Langdon novels but look for a much fresher story in which to wrap it all in.    Bottom line:  I enjoyed the book and recommend it, but it comes with a distinct aroma of déjà vu.
0307266303|5.0|My husband read this first, then I did, and then we had to tell all our friends about it.  What if we've been running incorrectly for years?  What if running shouldn't be painful or cause lots of injuries?  What if human beings were made to run?  I read it in two days and I couldn't put it down.  One man tells the story of his journey to find a group of super-runners living in Mexico and winds up finding that he can run again (even after terrible injuries should have put him on the sideline).  Funny, interesting, and well-written, it kept me on the edge of my seat to the end.  I would warn sensitive readers that the is some profanity.
0345349571|5.0|I have just now finished reading this book for the second time in about 10 years.  I am fascinated by all things related to \\"old europe\\" from the Dark Ages forward and \\"A Distant Mirror\\" does not fail to satisfy my demand for fascinating details and relevant context in which to place events.      This IS a \\"challenging\\" read;  it is long, covers a lot of territory (both spacial and chronological), and involves a long list of individuals, often with unusual (by modern American standards)and similar names.    I walked away from my reading less with any type of detailed knowledge (although this book is REPLETE with wonderful detail) than I did with an overall \\"sense\\" of the period being discussed.  The book is simply \\"too rich\\" for my mind to absorb and retain all but the broad strokes -- I wish it were otherwise; I'd love to be able to spout off with details of time and place and personage.    For bettor or worse, I noticed that even if I lost track of specific details (people, places)while reading about certain events, I could simply push on ahead and not feel any worse for my loss/confusion -- it is to the author's credit that a reader can pick up this book pretty much at any page and read on with enjoyment and fascination.    Bottom line:  this is a GREAT book for people interested in \\"old Europe\\".  Reading it is a considerable investment in mental energy but take heart in the fact that you can lose track of most details and still walk away with a great sense of the period.
0307269981|5.0|Probably one of the best books ever written in the crime/thriller genre. The three books of the Millenium trilogy is breathtakingly good and the characters are so well crafted. Read them all!
B001FB4VXU|5.0|When a comedy has a good first season it can be chalked up to luck, when it does it twice, it's time to stand up and take notice. TBBT revolves around these four brainy scientists who have lack social skills and common sense to a degree. Rahj can't talk to women, Howard acts like a creep in front of women and Sheldon has to have an analytical answer for everything and is puzzled by anything that cannot be answered by a formula as illustrated in the Friendship Algorithm where he tries to befriend a little girl who likes monkeys not understanding the potential ramifications of such things. Kaley Cuoko plays Penny the nerds window to the outside world, who by season two has grown into a potential romantic interest for Leonard and accepted member of the boys social circle.    Every episode stands out in it's own way, but two shine above the rest... The Bath Item Gift Hypothesis had me rolling on the floor when Penny gives Sheldon a napkin signed by Leonard Nimoy. And I also enjoyed the episode where Leonard's mother visits and within the episode has led Penny and Leonard to get bombed out of their minds and in bed with each other, referred to Raj and Howard as entering into a pseudo homosexual marriage and has formed a rather hilarious relationship with Sheldon.    TBBT has got to be one of the most well written intelligent comedies of the last five years and I'm wishing for many more years of this laugh out loud funny show.
B002IVLH60|5.0|Backspacer is a danm good cd,  I bought mine from I tunes for 7.99.
0486440915|5.0|There are literally thousands of review of Austen's seminal classic Pride And Prejudice out there already. This is a review of the Dover facsimile edition based on the 1894 copy.<br /><br />From the beautiful Hugh Thomson illustrations, to the embossed floral end pages, this edition is top notch. The cover is red cloth with gold foil lettering and peacock on the spine.<br /><br />The first page showing the opening line with huge flowing peacock is a work of art unto itself<br /><br />If you are a fan of Pride and Prejudice and long for a well made, permanent hard cover edition of the book, this is the edition for you!
B00008OLYN|5.0|Damnation being Opeth's 7th studio album and is a radical departure from their death metal sound and has here created a sound that is very reminiscent of progressive rock which was a sound that was very prevalent in the 70's. For a band not to stagnate it needs to experiment with its sound. Sometimes it fails but in this case it is one of the better albums I have heard in a very long time. The lyrics are well-written and the melodies are almost dream like in quality. Damnation met with great reviews from the critics. Allmusic and Sputnikmusic both gave it high marks. The booklet contains all the lyrics and a list of whom plays what.5/5.
B000002KDW|3.0|The Faces were a great band.  They sounded like vintage Rolling Stones with a young and very talented Rod Stewart on lead vocals (this was YEARS before Stewart sold his soul with disco and lounge jazz).  The Faces' mix of precision and sloppiness was just right.  They knew how to rock and they knew how to slip in the occasional heartbreaking ballad.  Their format worked like a charm.  Unfortunately, this CD is really uneven.  While Ronnie Lane may have been a good songwriter, his lead vocals had absolutely no charisma.  He sounds unconvincing here, especially when the songs he sings are interspresed with songs that put Stewart at the helm.  When I listen to this CD I find myself skipping all the songs that Lane sings.  As a result, large chunks of this CD are a waste of space.  It is a shame, too, because the good songs here are VERY good!
B000002IO1|3.0|Alannah Myles being Alannah Miles self-titled debut album that is very uneven with great tracks like \\"Black Velvet\\" and \\"Love Is\\" it also contains songs like \\"Rock This Joint\\" and \\"Kickstart My Heart\\". Allmusic gave it 4/5 but I feel this is a too high grade. To many songs have very generic lyrics and sound and I have heard this so many times before. The booklet is nothing special with a standard rock profile photo. It contains no lyrics but an extensive list of whom plays what. 3/5.
B0031ZWZR2|2.0|It started with cable TV releases and now has begun to infest network television DVD releases; splitting up TV shows into half-season DVD sets. Sometimes it is because there is a break of half a year between season fragments, but in most cases it is just a ploy to get the consumer to pay more cash to acquire a full season. This is the second dubious TV on DVD release from ABC Studios (the first being non-original aspect ratio for Scrubs Season 8 DVD) and I do hope is not the start of a trend of releasing half-season sets after winter hiatus.
0143038419|5.0|I am amazed at the bitterness of many of the reviewers of this book.  I normally don't bother writing reviews, as I feel to each his own, but I feel compelled to stick up for Elizabeth and this book from a lot of seemingly judgmental reviewers.  Unlike most people, I don't pick up books expecting the writer to do things the way I would, and become instantly critical when they don't respond to situations as I'd handle them- I'm not that holier-than-thou as some people.  Therefore, I didn't judge her for her reasons; I looked beyond that to the message she was trying to convey.  But since some reviewers seem to be attacking her specifically, here is my response:    I found her writing to be real, frank and humorous.  I never felt she took herself so seriously as much as she understood her mental state had deteriorated to a point of becoming unmanageable, and that was something that was serious.  How she got that way doesn't really matter, and was obviously private and not up for discussion.  Any speculation beyond that is pointless.  I felt there were several times in the book she made reference to the fact how she understood a person looking from the outside in on her life would think she had it all- but that is the point- that way of thinking is a typical mistake of the Western world in particular: equating money, a big house and dining out at expensive restaurants as success, the definition of happiness and \\"having it all.\\"  For those who thought she was superficial, my response to that is, huh?  She fell into the trap we all do, especially in America, of thinking the whole point of life is to acquire more material things.  It was in realizing that those material things were not enough- that ultimately they are empty, meaningless things, which drove her on this journey.  Superficial would be sobbing on the bathroom floor because she had a 4 bedroom house instead of an 8 bedroom house, and a husband who made only $500,000 instead of one million.  Instead, she sobbedbecause she recognized that those things WERE superficial, and she wanted \\"more.\\"  Not more material things, but more substance.  How is that superficial?  Yes, she enjoyed those things, who doesn't?  But they're not enough, and she understood the need to have a deeper meaning to her life.  What I enjoyed about the book was that she was so honest about her situation.  She wasn't prepared to give up the material world and become Mother Theresa, yet just living a life to acquire more things wasn't enough either.  What she addressed, and the reason I think the book struck a chord with so many people, is she wanted to know how to balance living in our materialistic world with living a life of true meaning.      The mistake, I believe, a lot of reviewers are making is to criticize her for this honesty; for not becoming Mother Theresa or a hard-core activist against the poverty and corruption of the world.  While stories like those are inspiring to read, they are also pretty unrealistic in the fact that not many people will follow the lead and devote the rest of their lives to a cause because they read about it; they may become sympathetic, but at the end of the day it's too much to expect that to happen.  How many of the reviewers who criticize Elizabeth for not being more noble are willing to sacrifice their own material things and live the kind of life they think she should have chosen?  My guess is not too many, and that is the point of this book, and why I found it relatable.  She addresses something we can all relate to and examine in our own lives; how to find balance- mixing pleasure with a deeper meaning, and more important, finding meaning in simple pleasures, which as a society, we often miss out on.  We're too focused on obtaining more to appreciate what we have.  No, not everyone is lucky enough to take a year off and travel abroad to discover this, but skip out on your snarkiness and instead focus on what you can do in your own life to experience the simplepleasures, find a deeper meaning and obtaining that balance between them.  The ironic thing is, those who can only be bitter that they don't have the resources she had to take her journey are the most in need of the message of this book- that it's not about material things and geez, move past the focus on \\"lack\\" already.    For me personally, I read this at a time in my life where on an emotional level I am exactly where she was when she started.  Though the circumstances are much different, the fact is that mentally I was kaput and knew that I had to focus on finding myself before I could move on to anything else.  Selfish?  Yes, but those who would judge me (or her) for that don't truly understand that you cannot make other people happy until you are happy with yourself.  It's like being a parent- it sounds great to focus all your attention on the kids while ignoring your own needs, but in the end, if you as a parent are unhappy, your children will be too.  You can't give to others until you find something within yourself worth giving.    It's politically incorrect to say, but if we all took just a short time out of our lives to be a bit more selfish by \\"finding ourselves\\" we'd all be that much more able to give out that happiness to others and the world would be a better place.  I think this book is about her experience during this \\"selfish\\" period.  It doesn't define her whole life, just a small portion of it.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this story. The characters were so likable. Couldn't put it down. Great story of triumph!!
B002P7UCMC|3.0|The first thing that I do when I buy a new album (aka CD), is to make myself a copy to use. I've had too many originals stolen or damaged over the years. As I was cleaning up and the second disc was still in the drive I started to listen. The first song on the second disc is Fuhre Mich which was a kicking song. I thought to myself, man if the rest of this album is this good this thing is goin to rock. It was another day or so before I was able to listen to more, but sadly I was not as impressed with some of the songs on the first disc. At first I really hated the album outside of one or two songs. To me Industrial Rock, and bands like Rammstein, have a certain sound. Its like the background music that used to play on Monster Garage, gritty but melodic guitar rifts and just plain old ripping rock. Rammstein appealed to me early on because they had a real clean sound instead of a bunch of noise and screaming that was and is typical of music of this type. I have all of their works on CD and DVD. Maybe I had my expectations up a bit, but in the end, I'm not going to sit here and blindly say that this is their greatest album ever, or it all rocks, or kicks butt, or what ever. It does not. I'm not sure what the band was trying to accomplish actually. Some songs are all pure Rammstein the way we know and love them. But others are a radical departure. There are 5 ballads on the CD's, and only one is typical of a Rammstein ballad that we've heard in the past. Are they trying to move in a new direction, or are they grasping and struggling to come up with material. We'll never know without a face to face interview where honest answers are given. Would love to, but I cannot see that happening. Anyway, here is my review of this album in its entirety. I purchased the Deluxe edition which is a two CD set, and I highly recommend anyone who is going to buy this to get this version and get the bonus tracks as three of the better songs, including the best one on the whole album are onthat disc.       Disc #1    Rammlied (Rammsong) - Opens like a huge stage show would with a big entrance, lots of mystery, and chanting like verses before entering into an epic bit of music typical of Rammstein that's very fast paced. The song is basically a boast about the band coming back from somewhat of a hiatus that they've been on, a big announcement that they are back, we are great, no other bands can pass us, you are now to be rewarded for your patience. A great concert opener for sure. Not a bad song at all I rate is Very Good.    Ich Tu Dir Weh (I Hurt You) - The song opens with a pleasant melodic keyboard rift with a mix of pounding drums that lead eventually to an excellent guitar rift that sets the tone for the whole song. Basically more typical Rammstein sound. The song is a very dark song actually that tells the story of a possessive and abusive person who gets off on the pain they can inflict on the one they love and not care about it at all like they are just an object to them.I rate this song Good.    Waidmanns Heil (Hunters Salutation) - Wow, this song opens with grand trumpets blaring just like you would expect to hear at the beginning of a great hunt then quickly gets into fast paced pounding heavy metal rifts  the kind we expect from Rammstein. The song is about a horny man who is going out and meeting up with other horny men to \\"hunt\\" for young deer aka young females to have sex with. The song makes the parallel between traditional hunting and males hunting for a sexual prey all the while saluting each other with Wiedmanns Heil salutations. A Very Good song.     Haifisch (Shark) - The song gets off to a weak start with a sort of Midi sound which does not fit in at all with the industrial heavy metal sound we are expecting from this type of band. Fortunately, they do pick it up a bit as the song goes along, but its not enough to get past the cheap nightclub sound of the song, so it leaves the song lacking. The song is about a man who is in a committed relationship and has agreed to abide by the rules in that regard. But inside he is crying because the shark in him misses the hunt which is what he wants and needs deep down inside. But no one can see him cry as the sea if life hides his tears. I rate this song just OK.    B**** or Buckstabu (What Ever You Want) - This title is very hard to translate as its actually a made up word. But according to band members it means what ever you want. The song starts out with an unusual base guitar rift followed by the drums, and eventually introducing the lead guitar, and in the background the keyboards are evident. The song has some decent rifts, but they are almost drowned out by deep loud throaty growling of the versus by Till, which just adds to the irritating sound of this song. The song appears to be about homosexual torment of a person who is tempted to try the act once. We are not sure if its a desire or just a curiosity, but the struggle with having to endure that and deal with their inner demons is real. I rated this song Poor.     Fruhling In Paris (Spring in Paris) - This is the first slower ballad song on the CD. The song starts out with a folksy guitar as Till sings, and has uninspiring ups and downs in tempo as the song progresses. Of course its a love song, but not about a current love as the person is reminiscing about a love they once met in Paris in the springtime, and they fell for, and although they did not speak or understand each others native languages, love transcended that barrier and prevailed both emotionally and physically. The French love it, but for us here in the US its not their best ballad by a long shot, and I rated this song Fair.    Wiener Blut Viennese Blood) - This song starts out oddly with old music playing in the background. Till breaks in singing while creepy noises come and go in the background. Then suddenly the song breaks out into a frenzy with drums and guitar play that's pretty intense, but totally lacks anything remotely familiar to Rammstein. The song settles down again while more creepy sound affects play in the background as Till sings. This song is very creepy and very very dark. It tells the tale of torture, assault, sex abuse and rape and is based on the true story of Josef Fritzl who locked his daughter up in a dark basement soon after her birth and kept her there for 24 years along with 7 children she bore over the years from being raped. A nasty story indeed. Unfortunately, this song does not sound at all like Rammstein, and comes across as crass and noisy, unlike Mein Teil which was another dark story put to song by the band. I rate this one Poor.    Pu$&y - This song starts out very progressive, and sounds like a lot of the bands earlier works with a big techno sound you'd expect to hear in cheap Asian nightclubs. The song is not that bad as it has a great beat, and a fun sound which would be great to dance to. But the song is about cheap sex, and sounds like something you'd expect out of a teen aged band playing to tweens, and not something that a mature band with the potential of Rammstein would or should waste their talents on. Maybe they just did it for giggles, we certainly hope so for their sake. Not even the good beat can save this one, its sort of funny if your immature, otherwise its a loser. I rate it Poor.    Liebe Ist Fur Alle Da (There is Love For Everyone) - This is the title song for the CD, and I don't think its a good representation of the band. Its not all bad, as it does have a somewhat military sound. Its quite progressive, and fast paced. The song starts out with military sounding drum leads, and quickly progresses into a fast paced intense song. But the song is totally lacking in that industrial heavy metal harmonic guitar sound we are looking for from bands like Rammstein. Its almost like the guys just sat down and started to play whatever they felt like getting far away from their industrial sounding roots. The song is again about sex, and men on the prowl for sex partners. They like what they see all around them everywhere they go, and make it known as to what they are there for and looking for. They take partners wheither they want to be taken or not, and enjoy every minute of their lust. Some accept their advances and other do not. I rate this song Poor.    Mehr (More) - This song starts out with a wild strumming guitar that lends a very mysterious sound, its very progressive and a bit haunting. Till breaks in with the vocals, and then the song breaks out into a frenzy of typical Rammstein rifts of melodic heavy metal guitar. Its a great sound with a pleasant twist. Although the song sounds innocent enough, its actually about the endless need for sex and love, and how they need a lot of it to be satisfied. More is better, but no matter how much more they get they discover it does not matter because they really don't need it, but on the other hand they can never get enough to really be satisfied. I rate this song Very Good.    Rotor Sand (Red Sand) - I am really on the fence with this song. For me personally, I cannot stand the beginning of this song. The song begins with a person whistling a tune, which is followed by a folksy guitar and Till singing. This song is a ballad, the second on the CD, If it were not for the whistling, this would be a classic Rammstein ballad, soft, somber and sad. The song is about a woman who has two love interests. She loves the one but not the other. The one she doesn't love confronts the other man and an argument ensues and leads to gun play, a duel. The man she loves is shot in the face and chest and dies. As he is dying he contemplates his senseless fate and the fact that no one will avenge his death. I rate this song OK.    Disc #2    Fuhre Mich (Lead Me) - This is the absolute best song on the CD hands down. This is classic Rammstein Industrial Heavy Head banging Rock. The song starts out with a menacing guitar rift and excellent tempo with the all too familiar vocalsby Till. This song will guarantee you will be dancing in your seat and bobbing your head to the beat. The song is about Siamese twins who feel each others every pain, emotion, joy and sadness. Joined forever unable to be separated from each other, they accept their fate and lead each other through life sharing everything. This song fracking rocks!!!!  I rate it Outstanding!    Donaukinder (Children of Danube) - This is the second best song on the CD's. The song starts out sounding a lot like Mutter, with Till coming in soon after with the first verses before the whole song explodes with majestic guitar rifts sending the song to its crescendo. This song is a true heavy rock ballad, and is classic Rammstein in that regard. Beautiful melodies and lyrics throughout. The song is a sad song however and tells the true story of the deadly disaster that took place in a small town named Baia Mare in Romania where floods washed arsenic into the Danube and as it flowed hundreds of miles down stream it killed everything in its path and tainted waterways, and ponds along the way. The rats survived and fed well on the dead and dying animals along the banks. There is contention as to exactly what or who the Children of the Danube are, are they really human children who perished from being poisoned, or are they the fish which in Europe are called the children of the seas. Anyway, this song rocks too, and I rated it at Excellent.    Halt (Stop) - This song starts outwith a good progressive beat that sounds like the beginning of Hogans Hero's TV show, and you can tell its definitely Rammstein from the unique sound rifts once the boys get into it. Till jumps in with long strings of lyrics that at times seem too much for him to belt out all at once they are so long. The chorus' are powerful bursts of melody with Till singing out Halt, and in the end you have this twisted toy like melody playing in the background that reminds you of the Pink Floyd insane asylum rifts from Dark Side of The Moon.This song is about a tormented soul who has been changed by society, and the people around him. But he hates what he has become and begs for them to stop and go away. They do not, so he takes matters into his own hands, and eliminates them from his life himself. I rate this song Good.    Rotor Sand (Red Sand) Orchester Version - I detect no difference between this song and the one on Disc #1.    Liese - This song starts out the exact same way as Rotor Sand (Red Sand) because its essentially the same song with different lyrics. Again, its very non-typical of what we are expecting from a band like Rammstein, and what they are trying to do, go off in a new direction or what, is unknown. Liese is a girl who in this version of the song has caught the attention of Jacob. She tends geese and he farms. Its been a while for Jacob and he is horny. He has a desire to have Liese and approaches her, but she is cold. But with gentle caressing and some persuasion he gains her attention, and hopefully her approval, and they head to the wheat fields where he plants his seed in her and holds her for the rest of the day in his arms. He is satisfied, but she remains cold. At least in this version he gets the girls instead of a bullet. I rate this song OK.
0618918248|3.0|Did you know Dawkins' consciousness was raised by knowledge of Darwinism?  If not, he'll tell you once or twice per page.  He makes his dislike of those who share his opinions but object to his rhetoric clear (I guess if he can't dismiss their complaints with \\"you're just saying that because you're a theist\\" he's at a loss and that annoys him).    An autobiography would have been less about himself and his own wonderfulness (and his own raised consciousness). Bask in his reflected glow, peons.    Still, there are facts and arguments in the book that make it a worthwhile read.
0786715103|5.0|Romeo Dallaire's recount of the tragedy in Rwanda should be required reading for the entire human race. Reading the accounts of the UN's Commanding Officer during the genocide is not an easy task, but Dallaire's telling is brimming with chilling detail and disturbing images that will have the reader railing against the forces that allowed the worst tragedy of our generation to happen. One cannot help but shake their head that some of the most advanced, richest countries in the world allowed this to happen, and that only after three months and hundreds of thousands dead did the world step in and say \\"enough is enough\\".    Lt. General Romeo Dallaire returned from Rwanda with severe depression and post-traumatic stress disorder. This book reveals, first-hand, in stark and unflinching detail how humanity stood face to face with the devil in Rwanda, and broke a promise made 50 years earlier: \\"never again\\".
0316017922|4.0|Malcolm Gladwell points out the obvious. Or what should have been the obvious. Using statistics and a type of insight, he finds that to be successful there is a minimum of natural ability and downright luck. Even them it does not guarantee want Malcolm supposed success is.<br /><br />This book is a fun and easy to read book. But do not let it fool you into thinking that this is light reading or just the popular science of the day. There is a dead serious theory that appears to really apply (split infinitives allowed here.) Knowing this theory will help you to make the requirements for success instead of just guessing at them.<br /><br />At least I came away with a different paradigm, and now see everything in the world differently.<br /><br />It has been suggested that regardless of the factors in this book that one may be content with a job that fits his/her value-system.<br /><br />I must have been schizophrenic in a job sense. In the U.S. Army and Reserves, I well enjoyed being a mechanic and power systems maintenance sergeant.  While at the same time, I was a business/engineering systems analyst in the civilian world. So this book helps me look back to see how I found myself in the situation.<br /><br />With a little bit of blooming luck.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0393310728 How to Lie with Statistics]]
B002KVSJ64|5.0|Another great album by Breaking Benjamin! If you've liked their previous albums, you'll definately enjoy this as well!  IT ROCKS!
B002X20W2E|2.0|After listening to Rihanna's latest CD, Rated R, I found myself a bit disappointed. Prior to elaborating, I will say that I am never one to criticize an artist. Rihanna has skills and is a truly talented artist. She's an inspiration to to people like me, who lack a musical aptitude. Sadly, Rated R did not live up to her potential.<br /><br />Rihanna, the artist who brought us Disturbia, Take a Bow, Rehab, and so much more, came up a bit short on this album. Lost were the smooth rhythmic melodies, catchy beats, and interesting lyrics. I've always been a big fan of Rihanna's smooth mixture of electronica, smooth interweaving vocal melodies, and the generally fun lyrics. Many of her songs allow you to pick up on emotions and feelings mixed within the songs. I wasn't able to find this with the new CD.<br /><br />Rihanna is obviously exploring a new element of her music. Many of the songs featured strong discord between vocals and various background musical aspects. Many of Rihanna's song could be listened to with little effort; however, the new stuff was difficult to sit through. Not knowing if the song was coming or going kept me in a state of apprehension. I was unable to find the relaxing rhythms found in many of her older songs. The only quasi-redeeming song that I found was Fire Bomb.<br /><br />I hope that Rihanna doesn't plan to be a good artist gone bad. There is definitely an aspect of sadness in the songs featured with this CD. Although I won't say to not purchase the CD, I will say that I liked Good Girl Gone Bad considerably more.
B002W6Z0UK|5.0|The Fame Monster proves that Lady Gaga has already grown by leaps and bounds from her first Cd the Fame. Keep in mind, this CD is really only an EP, songs inspired by Gaga's experience from this past year, so i have read.  Every song is a standout.  The Madonna inspiration is there, but it would be unfair and rediculous to focus on this. Gaga is an artist drawing MANY inspirations, which is why she has had phenomenal success.  There is a sadness and ultimately eerieness to most of the songs, which the listener won't pick up until later listenings to the album.  Most evident is the beautiful stand out track \\"So Happy I Could Die\\".  Is this a song about her close relationship with her fans?  Or is the song a realization of fans wanting more than Gaga can give to her fans? Is it a lament to a boyfriend taking advnantage of her? This song, as well as \\"Monster\\" and \\"Bad Romance\\" ultimately surpass the humour and fun of the Fame's number one songs.    \\"Speechless\\", a ballad for her father, then becomes a glam/rock ballad that would make Bowie and Freddie Mercury smile.  Gaga begins in confusion, then showing love ultimately in her voice, to outright anger.  Another reason to get this album.  the Fame Monster proves that Gaga is an artist to be looking forward in the next decade.  Our arms are wide open.
B000EQ47GS|5.0|I have been waiting for this classic Boston album to be remastered - not one bad song.  I only wish I could find a Boston DVD.
B000J4QWMC|5.0|Turning a classic tv show into a movie yields both pros and cons.  While there is already an established audience that will follow the movie from the show, the inevitable comparison's between the two will cause a lot of criticism, and may yield and unhappy critical and box office return.  Such is the case with Miami Vice.  Here, Michael Mann, who had a hand in the great original show, decided to create a very dark and realistic modern take on the beloved characters, which resulted in a split amongst fans.  I wonder how the reaction would be for Miami Vice, had Michael Mann instead did what he did with Heat, which is itself a remake of his show Crime Story but turned into a more modern and dark movie, but without the stigma of comparison.  Similarly, I wonder what would have happened if there wasn't so much behind the scene drama of the actors involved.      The trouble is we'll never know.  Which is a shame, as Miami Vice is a dark and gritty cop drama, involving dark themes and moral ambiguity that is seen in more dark films, but is usually not something fans expect from something titled Miami Vice.  The movie is not without flaws, I never bought the romance between Farrell and Gong Li, but much like the bleak world that exists in the drug trade, this movie is not meant to show heart.  Rather, its meant to show the real world.  If you're looking for a gritty crime thriller, akin to Heat or Collateral, then you'll find much to like with Miami Vice.  If you're hoping to wax nostalgia of the days of pastel and 80s soundtracks, you should get the original show on dvd.
B000244FDW|4.0|I find this version so engaging and so true to Jane Austen's novel that I look forward to watching it over and over again.<br />This version does not just focus on the main characters but reveals the relationships amongst all characters to make you appreciate the life people lead in that era.<br />Overall, this is my favorite version.
B002T9H2L0|5.0|Its almost impossible to discuss this movie without talking about the writer/director Quinten Tarintino.  His style, and fame often overshadow his movies, and certainly are often discussed in connection with reviews for his movies.  A shame, as on its own merits, regardless of the man behind it, inglorious basterds is a very unique and interesting movie.  What surprised me about the movie, is that it is not the traditional movie, as the advertisements led me to believe.  This is not the story of a bunch of military men scalping nazis, but rather a series of independent stories linked to result in a climax involving an alternate end to WWII.  I imagine this movie's merits will be debated for some time, as those seeking blood lust will be disapointed by the shockingly little amount of actual violence, while the art house crowd will decry the sometimes random moments of violence.  Also most of the mainstream will be complain about the abundance of subtitles.  Regardless of these issues, there is something rather great and unique, that makes this one of the better movies of the year, and arguably the best movie of this director's carreer.  If you're tired of the same old, same old, and are looking for something unique that doesn't conform to the usual, this movie is highly recomended.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|Lady Gaga steps it up in this release. She has her characteristic dance beats with creative lyrics throughout. She also shows off her voice and shows great versatility in this recording.
B002MW50KO|2.0|I bought this for my husband, who is a long time Dylan fan and he even had to admit that he couldn't even listen to it all the way through.  Poor Bobbie has lost the voice!  Some of the accompaniment made some of the songs bearable.  Don't waste your $$$ on this one.
B001U7FWM8|4.0|This is one of the few albums from this year that I would call \\"beautiful.\\" If it were an object, it would be a vase...the kind mom would ground you for breaking. I just wish it wasn't so goddamed snail paced the whole way through. Not in an insufferable way, but in a way that fails to maintain my attention. I definitely spun the record more after seeing the band perform live. While aiming to entertain their audience when confronted through more pronounced movement and drum emphasis, Veckatimest, for me, was like trying to climb a mountain covered in slime. I kept starting over as I was unable to gain traction anywhere up the slope. But now that I've reached the summit the view sure is something.
B000P0J09W|5.0|I love this movie!  This DVD is awesome because it includes the most hilarious cast commentary feature I've ever seen.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I loved this movie. I am not the kind of person that typically likes Star Trek, but this was a great film.
B002KVSJ64|5.0|I found this cd to be initially hard to get into (other than the first single \\"I Will Not Bow\\" and a few others), simply because I think I wanted this album to have the same sound from their Phobia album. However, on repeat listens it's clear to me that this cd is not only a worthy followup to a string of impressive albums-but Breaking Benjamin's best one yet. It's lyrically very raw and impassioned, while the music in my opinion has become paradoxically more melodic yet harsher. It's beautiful, edgy, soaring and still fist pumping/head banging awesome.
0312330537|3.0|Pros:<br />1. Remarkable story (although it should have been a memoir, not a novel, and should have featured his whole saga, instead of just one small slice of time)<br />2. Wealth of interesting information about Bombay, the slums, criminal organizations (especially passport counterfeiting), Afghan gun-running, and more<br /><br />Cons:<br />1. Way too long, especially in the second half; philosophical sermons repeated ad infinitum; repetitive and boring detail (Roberts was in prison so he had plenty  of time on his hands; the publishing house apparently lacked sharp editors);<br />2. The writing, in some places quite good, is elsewhere so overblown as to become farcical<br />3. Pretentious and boastful depiction of the hero; everyone adores this remarkable, larger-than-life fellow<br />4. Wooden, one-dimensional characters, most of them either all good or all evil - where are the shades of gray?
B002NXSRVG|5.0|Watching G.I. Joe I expected it to be horrible. Mainly because I never heard anyone talking about it and what I did hear wasn't very good. Then I realized that these people probably were never fans of the show I grew up on as a kid. They probably went in expecting to see something like Star Wars or Batman for all I know. None of the 1 star reviews I saw on here even mentioned anything about the adaption from the Cartoon to the live action movie. For me sitting back after all these years and seeing a live action G.I. Joe movie on screen was pretty exciting. Although this movie didn't have some of my favorite characters that I remember I.E.(Lady Jane) it was still pretty awsome.<br /><br /> Watching G.I. Joe was just like watching the cartoon. There was always some rediculous over the top scheme Cobra was planning, and the Joe's always had some rediculous and over the top way of stopping them. The vehicles, the weaponry, the action... it was all here! They even used the \\"lazer\\" bullet effects and sounds! I really couldn't imagine how they would take all the action from the Cartoon and bring it to the silver screen but they did just that. I was worried they would \\"Hollywoodize\\" the crazy schemes of Cobra but they didn't. The plot revolved around the strong concept of deception with a bigger scheme behind it...which is what Cobra mostly did.<br /><br /> I was very pleased with the overall movie, but what kind of took away from it was a few of the choice actors. Well... I take that back... just one! \\"DUKE\\" who ever they hired for that role didn't belong in the movie. He had absolutely no emotion for the character of Duke and was 1 dimensional. He was completely flat, and didn't belong in a film like this. It was a very poor casting decision and it showed. You don't pick an actor like that to play one of the greatest heroes/lead characters in the G.I. Joe franchise. I hated having to watch the scenes featuring him because his acting ruined the movie.<br /><br /> The other characters that steal the show are the Baroness,Snake Eyes,and RipCord. In the movie Ripcord had a big role, but I don't remember him that much from the show. The Baroness was the cherry on the cake and Snake Eyes(my favorite character from the show) is what made me watch this in the first place. There were alot of people from the Joe team missing that I hope we'll see in the next film.<br /><br />Overall this was a good movie and I think it doesn't get the respect that it deserves. G.I. Joe the live movie did a good job modeling the cartoon and I'm glad the directors didn't try to change that. They brought me a G.I. Joe similar to the one I remember. I just can't wait till they make the 2nd film and we get to see GI.Joe vs. Cobra for real this time.teal the show are the Baroness,Snake Eyes,and RipCord. In the movie Ripcord had a big role, but I don't remember him that much from the show. The Baroness was the cherry on the cake and Snake Eyes(my favorite character from the show) is what made me watch this in the first place. There were alot of people from the Joe team missing that I hope we'll see in the next film.    Overall this was a good movie and I think it doesn't get the respect that it deserves. G.I. Joe the live movie did a good job modeling the cartoon and I'm glad the directors didn't try to change that. They brought me a G.I. Joe similar to the one I remember. I just can't wait till they make the 2nd film and we get to see GI.Joe vs. Cobra for real this time.
B0001XAPZ6|5.0|American pop-actor voice-overs.  I did it this way with Spirited Away, and this one as well.  If we could get English voice-overs with the quality of say Rankin and Bass's The Hobbit, I'd be more into voice-overs.  The only problem with modern day Disney is they'll try to use \\"Little Mermaid\\" or \\"The Incredibles\\" style English over a beauty of a film like a Miyazaki which is a little bit like having ketchup on a good steak.  I didn't see this one with the English voice-over so can't comment on it.  I did see (and hear) the voice-over with Spirited Away, and preferred the mystery and vibe of the original sound (Japanese) better.  Whatever.  I suppose it's nice to have the option of both.    Nausicaa is in the same league as Spirited Away and Princess Mononoke.  The graphics in this one are mind-blowing. There's a depth and a spaciousness in the characters and slithery creatures that inhabit this world.  Somewhat symbolically perhaps, pure water lies below the forest of toxins.  Peace-maker as hero, and emotional EQ as IQ, this is science fiction/fantasy of a higher order.  OK, now I'm hooked.  What's my next Miyazaki going to be?
B000FC1LOC|2.0|I read half of the book and could not finish it, it was just to sad and depressing. This was about 4 months ago, still have not picked it back up.
B000AOEMXM|5.0|As much entertaining the seasons are, they represent the combined and limited vision and wisdom of earthly beings and nothing else. Human vision cannot allow a more beautiful rendition of a superhuman, only an inferior one in the end. Even at fiction, human mind cannot transcend its own projection-in everything from a petty highway robbery to sex of which there is none in any \\"Season\\".
B002SJIO5E|4.0|Peter Jackson's done it again! This is a view point that no one expected, and I love it. Very different, new and refreshing. Completely out of the box thinking.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Back when MTV was cool and actually played music, one show stood out amongst the rest: Daria. This show started when i was about 7 years old and ended when i was 13. This show gave me an accurate portrayal of High School. It was a fantastic show and I can't wait for it to be out on DVD!
B002KREVCO|4.0|I've been an AC/DC fan since the mid-70's, they are one of the greatest R&R bands ever and have endured the test of time. I was going to buy this box set, but received it as a gift before I could. I think the price is about right on Amazon, any more and I wouldn't spend it. Overall I do like what they offer up on this box-set, but there are highlights and some that I didn't care for. If you are a fan, then it's worth adding to your collection.    However; some of the best live material from AC/DC wasn't in this set. If you are a Bon Scott fan, then go to [...] and check out a free streaming concert from them back just a few months before Bon died. It's the Highway to Hell tour and it kicks!
0385504225|3.0|Okay, well then. Dan Brown is amazing. His first book was a super yarn! Angels and Demons. Yikes! (I'm sorry, I don't really know if that was his FIRST book, but its the first I know of). Then there was DaVinci Code. Good. Solid. Didn't have the delicious implausibility of Angels, but then again, some would say that's an improvement. I would probably disagree. Then there was The Lost Symbol. Wow. I was primed. Ready for some answers, some insight; enlightenment. And that would be...I can't tell you, it would ruin the book. But I was underwhelmed. Yep. Sorry. It just didn't pan out for me, I'm sorry. The symbol stuff? Good stuff. Masons? Cool bunch of dudes. Hearts' seem right. But the book. The scenes, from one 'magnificent' room to another. 'Special CIA' treatment. Going from Enemy #1 to Holiday Hero. I don't know. Its all just too much! Sorry!<br /><br />I wish I knew what I was hungry for. Maybe it was some way to correlate all this deep, secret stuff with who I am. Or why I'm here. Or what is happening in the world today; I mean, really happening. How can you write a book, any book, fiction or non-fiction, and not have some of the truth of life, of you, of us, of this great turning we are in, leak through? Because that's what it felt like - a great idea gone awry. So much talent, so...undirected.
B000P0J0AQ|3.0|Well, because this movie hasn't received enough reviews I thought I would add yet another. . .THE MATRIX has so much going for it:  Dynamic, inventive story; an athletic (yet always goofy-looking) Keanu Reeves; tremendous--I would say revolutionary--special effects; a quirky, albeit irreverent, villain in Hugo Weaving; and one of my all-time favorite character actors in Joe Pantoliano.  Plus the film just flows well, and looks so very, very good.<br /><br />So why the three stars?  What the heck is wrong with me?  (Actually, that's a loaded question.)  I've seen THE MATRIX several times, and I still keep bumping my head against problems the film presents.  If our beloved Neo is 'The One' (and by the end of the movie there's no doubt about it) then why all the bothersome inconsistencies leading up to this techno-revelation?  \\"No, he can't be The One.\\"  \\"Yes, he must be The One.\\"  \\"No, I'm not The One.\\"  Gimme a break.  It drips too much of melodrama.  But the sap really runs once (spoiler alert!) Neo is shot by smug Agent Smith, and back on the Mother Ship Neo actually flatlines. . .until Trinity (wow, did Carrie-Anne Moss ever get into shape) whispers in Neo's ear that he can't die, because she's in love with The One--and Neo comes back to life to kick some serious cyber arse.  I just find the whole sequence so mushy I want to go out to the driveway and gargle some gravel.<br /><br />As for the two MATRIX sequels--I've yet to sit through either of them in entirety.  Just too much.  Guess once you've seen Keanu jump off a building--or stop a rushing bullet--there's no point in looking at more of the same.  Maybe I should have taken the blue pill.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B002L3RVCY|5.0|My son loves this.  Bought this for him for Christmas.  Movies worked...that is about all I know.  He loves them.
B002KQ6BT6|3.0|Not as good as Angels and Demons or Da Vinci Code but worth the read.
B0002KVULG|5.0|This movie stars one of the most underrated actors of our time, who has finally got his just notices for the movie Nixon/Frost: Frank Langella. A fine actor who immediately captures your attention the moment he walks into the room and keeps it throughout the rest of the movie.  Langella does an exceptional job of turning on the charm and in the next instant, you can feel the evil lurking beneath; just enough to give you chills wondering what's going to happen next. Langella's charisma makes any woman say \\"Bite me next!\\".  But seriously, the addition of Olivier as the vampire hunter Van Helsing gives us some wonderful moments as only Olivier can give.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie when I saw it in the theater years ago, and now own 2 copies, both VHS and DVD. The only thing I take exception to is the fact that the screenwriter switched the roles of Mina and Lucy from the book.  Other than that, if you like your vampires romantic and strong, this one's for you.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle does not disappoint.  It is too bad that it took so long for her to be recognized.  The sound of her voice and her range are perfection.  The songs are beautifully interpreted by her.  Looking forward to her next album.  Apple Annie, Julian Ca
B002T9H2LK|1.0|I agree with the other haters on this one.  I like Tarantino's work generally but this movie fell flat.  There are scenes that seem to go on forever with a bunch of uninteresting characters spouting boring dialog about things you don't care about.  ALL IN SUBTITLES!  Pitt's character is ridiculous as is the entire premise of the movie.     I know it is a fantasy but it comes off as silliness as the plot and the situations portrayed in the film are completely asinine. It is also mildly disturbing that the horror of WWII is trivialized somewhat, if only it would have been that easy to kill the Nazis.       I truly don't understand the rave reviews here. Tarantino rips off himself and other film cliches that have been done a million times before only better.  He is a spent force.
0792165020|5.0|Perhaps because I had no preconceptions from reading the book, I thought this a terrific film. It contained essential ingredients that I love in a mystery, glorious cinematography of Italy (including Rome--with a fictitious cafe set up in front of what I recall is actually a clothing store across from the Spanish Steps; Venice; and Ischia standing in for the seaside town of the story); suspense, and surprises at every turn.<br /><br />Under the skilled direction of Anthony Minghella, Matt Damon (arguably) has turned in one of his best performances as the talented young psychopath of the title.  As the eternal outsider, he portrays the right amounts of nerdy ingenuousness, opportunism, and a plausibility that acts as a thin veneer for an underlying creepiness. Damon juggles the complexity of Ripley so expertly that he actually had me wincing on his behalf and half-hoping that he would get away with his machinations and find happiness, especially after discovering that the handsome Dicky Greenleaf (Jude Law) was not all that he seemed in the first place. The Misses Paltrow and Blanchett are convincing as post-preppies, and Anthony Seymour Hoffman oozes open menace that also causes one to root for Damon.<br /><br />This is the third time that I have watched the DVD, and I shall very likely watch it again, partly because of Italy, and partly because of the complexity of the film which allows for new discoveries at every viewing.
B002Q9MZF6|5.0|Unlike most opera DVDs, that are merely filmed versions of a stage production, this one is a \\"real\\" movie. What a difference it makes! The extra resources available to a movie director - sets, lighting, camerawork, close-up acting, etc. - add new dimensions of realism (especially important in verismo opera) and emotion to Puccini's glorious opera. It was a more moving experience, for me, than is usually obtained in even the best stage productions.<br /><br />That is not to say the movie is \\"perfect.\\" It was too-obviously shot on a movie set, so that although the interiors were realistically convincing, the exteriors were not. I found the performers' lip-synching, although unavoidable (you cannot get acceptable sound on a movie set), to be distracting; ditto a few of the director's \\"tricks\\" (he inserts a handful of black-and-white scenes, for what reason I do not know, into an otherwise all-color movie). The acting varies from excellent (most of the cast, including Netrebko) to needs-more-work (Villazon, although his singing makes up for it).<br /><br />In spite of these quibbles, the fine singing, cinematic realism, and emotional sincerity of this DVD made it an instant favorite, and an easy recommendation.
B001P9KR8U|3.0|I heard nothing but raves for this movie, so for such a cheap price I decided to buy it (it would've been the same cost as renting!). However, I didn't think it was worth the hype. I thought the movie kind of dragged and wasn't as meaningful as I was led to believe. It's not overwhelmingly entertaining, but if you're curious about the hype it is a somewhat decent flick; just be sure not to spend too much because this isn't one you'll watch over and over!
032147404X|5.0|I will try to make this short.  I have currently decided to really learn more about photography and take better advantage of the camera that I purchased earlier this year.  This book is geared more towards those who own digital SLRs but many of the latest point-and-shoot cameras (such as my Canon SX10is) are capable of capturing great photographs as well.  This book can help those of us who have not decided to invest in a DSLR rig yet as well.    This book will inspire you to push yourself and does not beat you up with photography jargon.  Do not pay serious attention to the reviewers who gripe about the humor.  It is easily ignored.  This book is more about helping everyone take better photographs and is absolutely great for beginning photographers.
B000HWZ4A2|1.0|While I am an enormous fan of Ayn Rand's original novel, this movie is awful. It should have been good. The director (King Vidor) was one of the great directors of early-twentieth century cinema. The cast included such talents as Gary Cooper, Patricia Neal, (a young) Patricia Neal, Raymond Massey (who gave, by far, the film's best performance), and others. The original author was intimately involved in the process of the film's creation. The source material was fantastic. So what went wrong? Three things, in my opinion:    1) The Acting and the Script: While there are good actors in this film, and I love Rand's stylistic dialogue, the two simply didn't mesh here. Cooper was quite simply a very bad choice for the lead character, and his delivery of Roark's dialogue is all-wrong (note the lack of conviction in his voice during the famed trial speech near the end of the film). Neal is a very good choice for Dominique Francon, but her character isn't given sufficient time to be established, and rather than conveying the passionate pessimism of the novel's character, she comes off merely as crazed and impulsive. Robert Douglas is completely miscast as Ellsworth Toohey. Kent Smith might have made for a good Keating, but his character is also never given room to breathe. Raymond Massey was great as Wynand, however, and he is one of the few bright points in this production.    2) Relative Brevity: The Fountainhead was an enormous book, and I mean this in more than just girth. As one of the great \\"novels of ideas\\" of the last century, the book deserved a production large enough to do justice to its complex ideas and dramatic intensity. This, however, is impossible, due to the short length of the film. Significant portions of necessary plot are cut out, giving this film a jerky and undramatic feel. The worst of the cuts is what amounts to the first 100 pages of the novel. A short and entirely unsatisfactory montage covers the long period of time between the beginning of the novel, where Howard Roark is expelled from a university, to the death of a major character. All of this information is given to the bewildered viewer in about two minutes, after which the film carries on adapting scenes from the book which, divorced from their dramatic context, become either disappointing or confusing, depending on whether you have read the novel or not.    3) The Involvement of Ayn Rand in the Production: I know I listed this as a potential plus earlier in the review, and it probably would have been, had the author been anyone other than Ayn Rand. This woman, while brilliant and creative, was also something of a control-freak, and, evidently, stubborn to a fault. She pretty much forced the inclusion of material in the film that was inappropriate for the format of the production (a film is not a novel, and what works well in one won't necessarily work well in another). It is telling that the best film adaptation of any of her books (We the Living) was produced in Italy without her knowledge or consent.    Overall, this is a completely disappointing movie that had the potential for greatness. Give it a pass and read the novel.
B002JIOQCO|5.0|Wolfmother truly is one of the greatest bands of this time period.  This meets, if not surpasses the success of their previous album.  I would recommend this to any fan of Stockdale's incredible vocals.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|It's a challenge to present a difficult subject matter, one infused with so much political fire, in a respectful and straightforward way. Food Inc. does the job perfectly. It isn't preachy, it isn't blasting viewers with gory sights from slaughterhouses, it isn't one-sided; what it does is share important information in a way that lets viewers see behind the scenes of big agriculture, behind the marketing and the hype.    Often, books and movies on this subject are preaching to the choir. The only folks that see or read the message didn't need the message in the first place. Food Inc. is mainstream, accessible and open to everyone. Food, our health and our land shouldn't be an issue for the Left or the Right. It impacts all of us equally and the solution has to involve all sides. Small farmers have a big stake in this, as do those concerned with the environment, food safety advocates, workers' rights defenders and average consumers. Everybody has a piece of this pie and how we choose to go forward is what will matter. Food Inc. gives the viewer plenty of food for thought but also some conclusions that can be implemented now by consumers to help bring big business in line with what is safe and healthy.    Skeptics especially should watch this film. If you don't believe there is anything wrong with genetically modified food, with huge agricultural factories, with our current food safety, then watch this film and put your thoughts and beliefs up against the information presented. If nothing else, I think skeptics will get the chance to see things from another view point and perhaps walking a mile in those boots will give them some food for thought too.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|Loved this book - it was very well written and thought provoking.  I like how we got to know each of the characters and came to appreciate their flaws.  They were all just trying to deal with a very difficult situation in their own way and the journey made for a great read.
B002V091IO|5.0|After I had been ploughing through two brick-like books that had 'Literature' (with capital L) writ large all over them, this variation on the evergreen topic of 'Harry and Sally' was a most welcome relief: genuinely funny, liberal doses of acid repartee and shrewd observations, great care given to telling details and lots of fine craftsmanship spent on the staging of embarrassing encounters, disastrous reunions and relationships derailing. (I particularly liked the parlour game gone horribly wrong at the home of one of the leading man's prospective girlfriends.)    And what is more, from the very beginning there is beneath the surface charm a strong undercurrent steering proceedings away from mere lightweight banter into the more troubled waters of a true ,human comedy`. In the last chapters the author even sets about sounding depths for which the reader arguably has not been sufficiently prepared; I still wonder if these late twists add an extra layer of complexity or simply strike a false note and ultimately are Nicholls' misguided bid for being shelved with the serious authors.     The concluding pages are heavily fragrant with bitter-sweetness, again something an author introduces at his own risk; but on the other hand there is no denying that the unexpected narrative device used in these pages conveys an adeqaute impression of things coming full circle and being brought to a close.     And yes, I was moved, so no more niggling and five stars out of five.
B001FB4VZS|4.0|This time Clark Kent is closer to Lois Lane than expected, being the Diary Planet the scenery, at most, to these 'close encounters'. Not to surprisingly Lex Luthor desappears from the scene, but another villain (?)enters, could I say, brighter than Lex Luthor but with much more insinuating and subtle methods: Tess Mercer. The star lacking in the rate belongs to the presence of Doomsday being in the comics to much for an enemy and supossedly the ultimate doom for a flying and full-developed Clark Kent, here mere shows of little strenght, and for the last battle to few for a super foe, if possible, more powerfull than the same Superman.  The envelope came right at time as usual. Pretty much better in plastic than the last season (7). Thanks producers.  Four stars seem to stand right for well achievement in production and the same stunning special efects characteristic of Smallville, maneuvering very good with the story line.
B002H3F7F6|1.0|If you know any depressed agnostics who need background music for their own assisted suicide please let me know and I will happily pass along this dreadful Yuletide offering to them.
0060512806|5.0|Yeah, it's a long book, and Stephenson seems to have as a personal moral code the idea that anything that can be said in ten words is probably better said in a thousand. But such great words!    I'm a computer guy and also a former academic and I can say from my own experience that Stephenson is clearly deeply knowledgeable in both fields--so much so that I'm utterly convinced that he's also deeply knowledgeable about every other subject he explores in detail including--World War II, cryptology, mathematics, the history of the Philippines, and so on.     Cryptonomicon is full of long-winded diversions and digressions, and if that's not your cup of tea, then I suggest that you avoid this book. However, if you really love that sort of thing when it's handled expertly, then Cryptonomicon is just what you've been looking for.    I feel it necessary to add one additional comment. Stephenson generally has a reputation for writing strong female characters. I found that to decidedly not be the case in this book, to the point where I felt some of the book was borderline sexist. Sure, war and computer geekdom (the book's two main stomping grounds) are real  boys' clubs, so we're left with essentially only one female character who is actually characterized at all--America Shaftoe. Fine. But she is such an absurd nerd's fantasy girl (she kicks ass and she's a virgin!) as to be almost a joke. Obviously I did not find this flaw powerful enough to undermine my enjoyment of the novel, but I think in bears pointing out.
B0025KVLT2|5.0|The trans-Atlantic creative competition between the Beatles and the Beach Boys is legend, and I'll be darned if the British version of Rubber Soul doesn't suggest that the competition began with the March 1965 release of the Beach Boys' Today. That LP had an A-Side of poppy would-be singles and a B-Side that looked toward Brian Wilson's coming masterpiece of the following year, Pet Sounds. There, on the flipside of Today, Brian turned out five tunes of lushly sophisticated, highly introspective music that was head-and-shoulders above anything the Beach Boys had yet done, and check out the similar impact of the B-Side of Rubber Soul. From the chill-inducing effect of John Lennon drawing his breath through pursed lips on \\"Girl\\" through the dark emotional terrain of \\"I'm Looking Through You\\" to the melancholy of \\"In My Life,\\" the B-Side of the British version of Rubber Soul was the most lyrically and musically sophisticated statement the Beatles had yet made over a sustained album side (and, arguably, ever would), and it clearly shadowed Wilson's achievement on Today. Brian Wilson has often said that he saw Rubber Soul, released later in 1965, as his challenge to better the Beatles with Pet Sounds, but the real story may be that the Beatles had already picked up Brian's thrown gauntlet.
B000006NPY|5.0|To say the least, Adore is a solid album.  It gets a bad wrap from some for several reasons, one of which being its sonic and lyrical departure from previous albums (though, to be fair, 1995's Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness was arguably more than a stepping stone away from its predecessors) but holds its own as a much more cohesive, circumspect work than the aforementioned double-disc production.  Whereas Mellon Collie's best cuts were weighted down with wayward excess, Adore proves to be a fluid listen, with an amalgamation of synth-and-loop based rockers \\"Ava Adore\\" and \\"Perfect,\\" pop á la New Order in \\"Appels + Oranjes,\\" and somber, piano-specked threnodies in the form of \\"To Sheila,\\" \\"Tear\\" and \\"Crestfallen.\\"  The album's jewel is cratered in the 8-minute epic \\"For Martha,\\" Billy Corgan's tribute to his departed mother, which culminates in a flood-tide of a solo.  Although the album is hindered by a lack of a permanent drummer as well as minimal use of members James Iha and D'arcy Wretzky, it succeeds in thorough songwriting and serves as a lyrical pinnacle for Corgan.    This was the first piece of music I listened to after my mother passed away and as such it has special meaning, but it is also a memorable chapter in the Smashing Pumpkins' career. While its beauty may be lost on earlier fans, to those in search of aural intricacies to grace their ears, I highly recommend.    Recommended: To Sheila, Ava Adore, Once Upon a Time, Tear, Appels + Oranjes, Pug, For Martha
B002ECJZ76|3.0|I had no expectations of this film before watching it.  I didn't know the plot, actors, or anything else about it.  Take this review with these things in mind.<br /><br />First the good:<br />1.  This is a heartwarming story about an orphan (Nikolas) and his search for \\"belonging\\".  It is heartbreaking as you see this child be uprooted time and time again, but also heartwarming as he finds a home with an eccentric, lonely carpenter.<br />2.  This is an original take on \\"how Santa Claus came to be\\" which was interesting.<br />3.  The scenery and cinematography are beautifully captured and seem \\"magical\\" and very festive for the holidays.<br /><br />Now the bad:<br />1.  This is a foreign film.  Usually I have no issue with this except for when things are \\"lost in translation\\".  This movie is Finnish and the actors are as well.  I wish the producers of this film would've left well enough alone and just given us subtitles to read.  The English dub is HORRIBLE to say the least.  Not only do the voices not match with the actors words, but the voice overs seem bored, uninterested, and just plain uninspired.  This was very distracting and really took away from the movie and this sweet story.<br /><br />Overall a nice holiday film.  I don't think it will come close to being a classic, but worth the time if you can ignore the bad dub.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Siamese Dream is one of the few albums in my relatively vast music collection I can describe as \\"complete.\\"  Rife with fuzzy guitars and nostalgic ambiance, the sophomore go-around is a Grade-A alt-rock milestone.  Even if Corgan's vocals take some getting used to, the breezy guitars and relaxing dream pop interludes just have a surreptitious way of sucking you in, and the ride never gets old.  I could go on and on as countless others before me have tried to sum up the exquisiteness of sludge-rockers \\"Cherub Rock\\" and \\"Quiet,\\" the shoegazing bliss of \\"Today,\\" or the triumphant balladeering in \\"Disarm.\\"  This was the album that got me through my freshman year of college, and not only is it an awesome piece of music, it's a treasure box of memories.  Great stuff.    Recommended: Cherub Rock, Quiet, Today, Hummer, Disarm, Geek U.S.A., Mayonaise
B002JTHFV2|5.0|My personal favorite U2 album (first of their studio albums I owned in its entirety way back when)<br /><br />This gem of a collection from 1984 desperately needed a sonic upgrade and it greatly benefits from the effort.  The original CD was of such poor sound quality that it hurt the music underneath.<br /><br />Now, experience crisper highs, non-muddy bass, sharper snare hits (in fact - every drum hit is distinct and separate and not just a continuous rumble)... vocals lifted from a murky mix... little fade out moments that were not audible on previous versions.<br /><br />Plus you get the entire Wide Awake in America EP (sequenced differently) on CD2... along with other tasty bonus tracks.
B002MU4NL8|5.0|What a great movie and it really holds up well even after ten years!!! Boy how time flys. I remember how impressed I was with this movie when it first came out and how many laughs it had. The whole plot is wildly funny, and the actors are all great falling back into their reprised roles albeit more flesh than they would ever intend on. You never get tired of them running into one adventure or absurd insanity after another,like when Sigorny Weaver says Whoever wrote this should be killed! after confronting the mashers protecting the neutron reactor. BTW speaking of Sigorny, she never looked so Good, incredible.<br />  This movie was such a pleasant surprise and having just seen it again after what must be 9 years!!!! I was still laughing enjoying this movie just like when I saw it for the first time. Please watch it and enjoy...JB
0143038419|3.0|Somehow, I was expecting more from this book, given the ecstatic raves the critics gave it and the number of five star reviews on this site.  Whilst I think the book is well structured, I felt deflated and somewhat disappointed when I finished it.    I never really got a handle on why Ms Gilbert felt so stifled and unhappy in her marriage.  I do not understand why she was plunged into such agonising depths of despair over the thought of giving her husband, who presumably she loved, a child.  Had she not given any thought to an issue of this magnitude during the eight years of their marriage???  It seems odd to me that the marriage collapsed in such a bitter manner over that, so bitter that she willingly signed over all of her assets to her ex out of guilt.  I suspect there is more to this than was admitted, given how quickly she took up with David after she separated from her husband.  She barely drew a breath before she began a full-blown relationship with him.    Of the three parts of the book, I enjoyed her accounts of living in Italy and Indonesia the most, but I was bored to sobs by the section on living in the Ashram in Southern India.  I persevered and read all of that segment, but was left unmoved by it as Eastern mysticism leaves me somewhat cold, so all the talk about her \\"Guru\\", Sanskrit chants, etc fell very flat with me.      Like other reviewers, I suspect a number of the characters were completely made up, ie Luca Spaghetti (????!!!), her Italian language buddy, who wouldn't you know it, was hot, and had an equally hot twin brother to boot; Richard the aphorism sprouting Texan at the Ashram was just too down home folksy to be true and who famously nicknamed the author \\"Groceries\\" due to her supposedly emaciated state.  Groceries?????? GROCERIES?????? and let's not forget Tutti, the 8-year-old Indonesian girl who taught herself to speak perfect English solely from reading books.  Come on - she'd have to be a genius on par with Einstein to do that at such a young age.      Overall, I think the book was well-written, but I was irritated by the author's underlying narcissism, and I found much in the book unrealistic.  Everything in her sabbatical year turned out perfectly - seriously, how often does that happen in real life?  I guess when one has received a book advance of a couple of hundred thousand dollars, the odds of a year long overseas trip going simply swimmingly are greatly enhanced.       The book openly panders to a number of cliched, middle-aged female escape fantasies, i.e: ditching a husband one is bored with; taking up with a hot young thing in a passionate, torrid affair a nanosecond after ditching aforementioned boring husband; taking off overseas for a year to \\"find yourself\\" and ultimately winding up in a new relationship with a hot man with a cute accent who of course, is Latin.  Pardon me for my cynicism, but the book read like a film script in that sense. Oh wait, it is being made into a film as we speak.  Ms Gilbert's spiritual journey was not one that I was able to really relate to. I did not find anything she wrote particulary insightful or profound on a spiritual level. I've given it three stars, but that is a star too generous.  Easy enough to read, but most definitely does NOT live up to the hype.
B002T9H2L0|4.0|The movie is fun -- Tarantino makes clever use of language and the mechanics of making and projecting movies -- but his ability to juggle multiple storylines isn't as sure as it was in Pulp Fiction, which Basterds resembles structurally.<br />Scenes like the showdown in the tavern and the movie-premiere finale are as imaginative, energetic and, in their own weird, brutal way, beautiful as cinema gets<br />Quentin Tarantino's dual loves of vengeance and cinema have never had a purer expression than the face of a Jewish cinematheque owner projected Oz-like onto the smoke of Nazis aflame<br />As entertaining as it is audacious, a film that showcases Tarantino in top form and boasts a multitude of characters who could easily carry a movie of their own<br />Austrian actor Christoph Waltz creates the most compelling big-screen villain since Heath Ledger's Joker. An Oscar-worthy performance.
B00192IV0O|5.0|This album is their best yet. Their other stuff is great too but this one is just better. Totally energetic!
0307269760|4.0|If the function of fiction is to provide maps for human lives, then Alice Munro's collection, Too Much Happiness, is one of the best works of fiction published in 2009. In these stories, Ms. Munro has created an elegant symbol system that marks the paths women take through the dangerous territory of love and friendship. Most of their problems are caused by men, though there are plenty of scheming and possibly evil women who populate these tales. Ms. Munro is an acute and critical observer of the pathologies of character created by what an old feminist like myself would call patriarchal society, and her description of the father in the story \\"Face\\" is one of the wittiest and most devastating portraits of a member of the privileged male class I've read:     \\"My father went to college, joined a fraternity, had what was referred to as a high old time, entered the insurance business when the glove factory went under. He was as popular around our town as he had been at college...At home my father's most vivid quality was a capacity for hating and despising. In fact those two verbs often went together. He hated and despised certain foods, makes of automobiles, music, manners of speech and modes of dress, radio comedians and later on television personalities, as well as the usual assortment of races and classes it was customary to hate and despise (though perhaps not so thoroughly as he did) in his day. In fact most of his opinions would have found no argument outside our house, in our town, with his sailing companions, or his old fraternity brothers. It was his vehemence, I think, that brought out an uneasiness that could also amount to admiration.\\"    The weapons the women in these stories have in their unequal struggle for love and survival are their wits, and narrative. Looks don't seem to help them at all, but the stories they tell have the power to change lives (in the appropriately named \\"Fiction\\"), preserve life (in \\"Free Radicals\\"), and lead to murder (I won't sayin which story, in case you want to be surprised). On the other hand, these women can be led astray by the stories men tell them. But no matter who's telling the story, Ms. Munro believes implicitly in its power. You and I probably would too, if we could write like this. There's no superfluity of metaphor and adjective here, as is the case in so much of modern lyrical realism (and lyrical non-realism too), so what there is, is strikingly effective. Language for Ms. Munro is not an end in itself, but a tool for limning character and laying out plot. Yes, each of the stories has its own complete, tightly knit, and often surprising plot, and does not depend on a final epiphany (as so many modern stories do) for its structure. Ms. Munro manages to perfectly balance language, plot, and character, so that no one of these elements grabs the microphone and drowns out the others.    If I had to find a fault with these stories (and it seems that I do), it would be that they're too perfectly crafted. They go down too smoothly, and don't stick in the mind the way some less skillful fiction manages to do. Perhaps the reader needs some roughness of texture to make things stick, because the image that stays with me is girl narrator of \\"Wenlock Edge\\" sitting her naked backside down on prickly plush in Mr. Purvis's elegant library to read him selections from \\"A Shropshire Lad\\". This story of shame, sexual humiliation, and revenge, is one of my two favorites in the collection, the other one being the title story, \\"Too Much Happiness\\". Appropriately for a story about a real Russian female mathematician, \\"Too Much Happiness\\" manages that Chekhovian miracle of condensing a whole life into a few pages. Here the rough texture of real life is smoothed but not eliminated by Ms. Munro's artistry, creating a small but no less masterful for that masterpiece.
0061914177|3.0|We're subjected to an extensive bio of the author. We read his keen enthusiasm for social media and sense his tremendous ego. Unfortunately, the material is a simple rehash of do what you love and you'll be successful. Excuse me? That's not news. Don't we all pretty much know that?<br /><br />Unfortunately, the book goes no further.<br /><br />Certainly if you do what you love, you'll likely be successful to one extent or another. But that was written about in much better pros in the 1930s and perhaps before. It's not a new thing.<br /><br />If you're looking for a guide to using social media to improve your business or brand, read [[ASIN:0307409503 The Whuffie Factor: Using the Power of Social Networks to Build Your Business]]. You sure won't find anything new in this book.<br /><br />Most of what you'll read in this book simply will not work for the average person. That's the bottom line.
B002LL13AM|5.0|I agree with Abel and Chip - this is beautiful playing, heartfelt and intelligent. The playing is entirely free of embellishments and other idiosyncrasies. I agree with those who note that Pollini sings and hums - I do not fund that intrusive or distracting, and long ago got used to it. Many other pianists do the same thing, especially in live performance. One reviewer made a negative comment ab out Pollini nearing the end of his career. He is 68 now, but what a 68! Listening to these CDs repeatedly, my overwhelming impression is of one of delight and awe at one of the all time great pianists at the height of his powers.
B002VPE1AM|2.0|I liked Cameron's Titanic and also Aliens.  Seeing Avatar is like watching an aquarium for 3 hours: pretty colors and lots of motion.  The plotline is very predictable, the characters are one-dimensional.  With all that invested in this - the special effects are the star - you think Cameron would have added something interesting from a plot perspective.  I was actually fighting off sleep watching this in the theater.
0694003611|5.0|At first, I couldn't understand why this book was so popular, but there are so many layers to the story!  Then we began to discover that on each page that has a colored picture, the little mouse is hidden.  Now it's a game to find the mouse.  My granddaughter LOVES this book.
0786852550|3.0|I know that this trilogy is regarded as among the best in the business as far as young adult magic books are concerned, and I will admit that it is fairly unique and creates an interesting magical world, albeit closer to true Wiccan or demonic magic than the lighter Harry Potter or Septimus Heap are willing to take on. However, I find myself having an incredibly difficult time getting through the thick prose (and even the clever and fun subnotes written at the bottom) in order to get to the real meat of the story. Barteimaeus and Nathaniel are both great characters, and Bartimeaus is especially fun because even though he's not the biggest or most powerful demon, he's certainly clever, and reminds me a lot of Aladdin, which is a character type we could use more of, especially lately since most of our modern heroes seem to be reluctant at best, and are usually petulant and whiney. How boring is that?<br /><br />Anyway, all that said, the trilogy lives up to all the hype, but I don't find myself enjoying the read as much as I would anticipate. I recommend this trilogy, but with the caveat that you may find yourself in the same position, wading through the prose in the attempt of getting lost in a fun story.<br /><br />-Lindsey Miller, [...]
1594488843|5.0|If you are a left brain, think twitter is a waste of time and generation Y needs a wake up call do not read this book because you won't get it.<br /><br />I have always been a fan of Alfie Kohn \\"Punished By Rewards\\" and when I tried to instill this thinking at the corporate level at my company in sales I was laughed at and ridiculed. I did apply some of the principles with what I had control over which worked beyond belief. In addition another book I read was Life at the Edge of Chaos by Mark D. Youngblood that talked about the more control you put into a human system the more you constraints you get.<br /><br />Dan pink has brilliantly condensed and explained in such a concise way the secrets to leveraging the most important asset in any organization the human worker and his brain. The new fuel/application (wisdom) & understanding of old thinking will take your organization to new potentials and probably beyond. This could be one important part of the Holy Grail to the new capitalism.<br /><br />His \\"crowdsourcing\\" business models will be the future of work and how we solve problems together in a non manipulative way giving all people importance/self worth.<br /><br />Read this book, absorb, apply and then watch out!!<br /><br />Greg Stromberg<br />[...]
0470477237|4.0|Socialnomics makes a good and easy read into the new realm of social media & communities. Several examples illustrate @equalman 's key messaging quite well. The emphasis lies on B2C & C2C (consumer2consumer) communications and engagement. Personally I would welcome more examples from B2B as well. As a last point of feedback, reading this book it's easy to get carried away by Qualman's viral enthusiasm. Keep your business objectives and the tangible benefits & ROI in mind when digesting this book and taking action afterwards. @phasselsmonning
B001FB4VXU|5.0|I don't have cable service so learned about this show via the internet.  I bought Season 1 and, once I got used to the annoying laugh track, I thoroughly enjoyed the series.  I've watched all of Season 1 and most of 2 and I have to say Season 2 trumps Season 1.  Lots of LOL moments and I get a hoot out of the fact that I am so much like Sheldon.  I recommend this DVD highly.
B0000255CL|5.0|This is a great cd by Immortal, even though I'm not a huge black metal fan. A+.  My favorite song on this cd is Withstand The Fall Of Time.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|Too much of todays metal features bad singing , limited playing and little melody which is for me is barely tolerable live but not to listen to anywhere else.  This cd is melodic and features good playing and singing.  I really enjoyed this one and I am glad the boys are still at it making great music.  To me the best metal was from the 70's- 1980's so this one; which is similiar to that sound but still updated was a good listen to me.
1883217040|5.0|The Jazz Theory Book is a excellent reference book.  I was told by a few great guitarist that I should purchase the book if I want the complete information about Jazz.  They were correct about the book.
B000XTCBWS|4.0|For those who have read my previous review, I had rated it 2 stars upon 5. That was my initial opinion on this Keilberth ring, but after listening to it and other sets more often (not an easy task since it usually takes me a week to listen through an entire Ring from start till end) I must say I am starting to rate this set much more highly.     The best thing about Keilberth's Ring is without a doubt its cast; those who praise Solti's Ring for its cast obviously have not heard Keilberth's Ring, cause its cast is quite frankly rather pathetic in comparison. It WILL be surprising for most how much better Windgassen and Hotter sounds here than in Solti's Ring. Windgassen has aged significantly in Solti's Ring, but not to the extent of how he sounded in Bohm's Ring (where he was completely unlistenable and one of the worst Siegfried/Logan I have ever heard). Here he sounds much younger and incredibly manages to hit the high notes with ease, something very few Siegfrieds on record are able to do. The big, night and day difference between this set is probably Hotter's Wotan; how people can stand listening to his wobbly performance in Solti's ring, I can never figure out. I rated Varnay lowly in my previous review but now I have to admit she's probably one of the better Brunnhildes out there; like Waltrauld Meier or even possibly worse than Meier she's obviously a mezzo trying to sing a soprano role, and she doesn't possess a beautiful voice that you would expect from Bruunhilde, but she does hit the high notes well and more importantly gives an exciting, well acted Bruuhilde. The other major casts in this set are just as exceptional; Gustav Neidlinger sounds better here than he did in any other recordings, Paul Kuen is a good Mime (although not on the same level as Gerhard Stolze and Graham Clark) Josef Greindl is one of the best Hagens out there (I prefer him marginally to Gottlob Frick and Karl Ridderbusch, but all three of them are terrific Hagens along with Matti Salminen). As for Ramón Vinay.... IMHO he's a bit miscast as Siegmund, a role which shouldn't be as heavy as Siegfried, and I would point him out as the weak link in the cast but not a significant one. Gré Brouwenstijn is a decent Sieglinde.     There's no such thing as a Ring set with the perfect cast; but I do think that this is pretty much as close to perfection as you can get. The sound quality of this set is miraculous for something from the year (1955), but limitations are still obvious; the stereo sound is still in its infancy stage and this, one of the earliest stereo records, doesn't have as big a soundstage as the later stereo Rings. So those picky about sound quality might be unhappy about paying such a high price for not ideal sound quality. But those who are less picky will probably be happy about how much superior this set's sound quality is over the numerous mono Rings (I personally can never stand any mono records for anything requiring an orchestral).        And now about the biggest complain I have for this set..... I have heard a lot of praises over Keilberth, but to me he's certainly not what I would call a good Wagner conductor. One of the reviewers have described Keilberth as having \\"Solti's bombast and histrionics, Bohm's drive, and Knappertsbusch's gravity\\", and to me he certainly combines the worst of these 3 conductors, giving a crude, bombastic ring that's inconsistent and lacking the flow I would expect from a good Ring conductor. But this is coming from someone who vastly prefers the more naturally driven Wagners from the likes of Barenboim and Furtwangler, so your mileage certainly might vary, but those like me should be warned that Keilberth is one of the worst Wagner conductors when it comes to driving the music too hard and having far too much extremes in his tempo.    In case it isn't obvious to most, there's no such thing as a perfect Ring and it's always about where your priority lies. The often repeated fact/myth is that the golden age of opera singers is in the 50's and 60's; but to me even by the time Solti's Ring was recorded the golden age of opera singers is already over. Keilberth's Ring is about as close as you can get to capturing the magic of the golden age of opera singers while still having a respectable, tolerable sound quality. I would still rate Barenboim's Ring as the best Ring I have heard on record; overall it doesn't have a cast on Keilberth's level but the superiority in sound quality and in Barenboim's conducting still wins for me. Plus Keilberth's Ring is without a doubt overpriced, but for those with deep pockets his Ring is probably still a must have if you are searching (in vain) for the perfect Ring.
B002UJIY7A|4.0|I like this movie--it's fun and clever although its twist is pretty predictable.  The scenery is beautiful and the four leads do well.  Steve Zahn takes another step away from his comic sidekick roles; Milla Jovavich tones down her RESIDENT EVIL persona; and Timothy Olyphant continues to show how underrated an actor he is.  There are some red snappers (ha ha herrings) and I just liked the \\"feel\\" of this film.
078322608X|5.0|I came across this DVD in the local public library, I'm a fan of scifi but didn't know about this movie. It was the collector's edition I saw.     This film really blew me away! I hesitated in seeing this film, I was afraid it would be like seeing a movie about HIV/AIDS, or about the Andromeda Strain. I left it on the shelf every time I saw it in the library, several times. But I finally decided to go for it, and now I'm really glad I watched it. It's the kind of movie that stays with you a bit after you've watched it.     I'm deaf and the closed captions worked just fine. However, any atmosphere or intended resonance from music in the film is missed in the captions. The captions never says anything if any music plays or what its mood might be.  It is because of another review that I realized the music playing in the empty store near the start of the film doesn't come across in the captions at all. But missing this doesn't appear to have really affected that much my enjoyment of this film as a deaf person.
B002VKE1K2|3.0|Take away the massive hype and what you have isn't a whole lot more than an episode of GHOSTHUNTERS or PARANORMAL STATE.  There are some spooky moments in the last five minutes, but up to that point, it's pretty dull.  I also didn't find either character very likeable.  Why didn't they just move and find out if the ghost was following her or was she just a little paranoid or attention seeking?  While I found PA much more interesting than BLAIR WITCH, I feel the movie's success is a direct result of the Internet hype..it's not a great film by any means.  Kudos for the movie riding that hype to its record breaking box office, but I don't think it will be remembered a year from now.
B000YAG00A|4.0|I mainly bought this for the nice little featurette explaining some of the details of how this movie was made, and for the commentary track, featuring actors Vincent D'Onofrio, R. Lee Ermey, Adam Baldwin, and critic Jay Cocks.  D'Onofrio seemed to have the most commentary, while I was a bit disappointed to hear so little from the man who made the most lasting impression to me with this movie, R. Lee Ermey.  I was also a bit puzzled about why the producers of this DVD did not manage to get commentary from the man who played the central character in the movie, Matthew Modine.  I am afraid that I am probably unable to determine if the video/audio quality were improved, but I AM qualified to say that the widescreen of this is a cheap trick, intended to fool buyers into thinking they are getting an enhanced product.  The reason I have that criticism is because Stanley Kubrick originally filmed this movie in 4x3 aspect ratio, NOT in the now commonplace 16x9, so the way they made this \\"widescreen\\" was to chop off the top and bottom of the image, resulting in LESS instead of more image area.  It is for that reason that I will hang onto my original non-deluxe edition of this movie, which is in its full and proper 4x3 ratio.  Those considerations aside, this remains one of my favorite movies ever, especially for the first 45 minutes, which are probably the best depiction of how a boot camp operates, minus the physical violence from the Drill Instructor and racial slurs.  I heard many of the exact same profanities from my Navy company commanders over 20 years ago, and this takes me back to when I was still young.  The second half of the movie is quite different, although the character of \\"Joker\\" retains that sardonic attitude and wry grin throughout.  I also appreciate that Kubrick did not turn this into an anti-war vehicle or other kind of preachy commentary, instead describing how there is much gray area in combat, particularly when the combatants are fighting to survive.  Excellent movie, but this DVD should have retained the full frame, and it really was a pity that Modine is nowhere to be found in the extras.
B002R0F3Q2|4.0|Ive never been a \\"fan\\" of Alicia Keys, but I have always enjoyed her singles, and when I heard her latest two, especially \\"Try Sleeping With a Broken Heart,\\" I was amazed and wanted to hear some more.  So I ordered it and heard it for the first time yesterday. The first time you hear it, it might be boring, but once you let it grow on you it turns out to be a beautiful album and a worthwhile purchase.    \\"Doesnt Mean Anything\\" is a beautiful slow song, which reminds me alot of \\"If I Aint Got You\\" when it comes to lyrics/meaning. It is very beautiful.  \\"Try Sleeping With a Broken Heart\\" is my jam! I loved it from the second I heard it! The synthetic backgrounds add to her wonderful voice. The beat is retro, 80s style and absolutely catchy. \\"Unthinkable (Im Ready\\" is my second favorite in the album. The beat is intricate, with an urban/hip-hop undertone to it. It is sencere and sexy. \\"Wait Till You See My Smile\\" is my third favorite because it is a song about empowerment with great synthetic backgrounds to it as well. \\"How it Feels to Fly\\" is a beautiful ballad, seemingly sad but absolutely triumphant. It encompasses the idea of an element of freedom.    Personally, this album also had some downfalls to it. \\"Love is My Disease\\" is a song where Alicia seems to be wailing, with a hint of reggae that I did not enjoy. \\"Like the Sea\\" was annoying, I would just skip to the next track. \\"Love is Blind\\" is backward to me, its a new style I have a hard time getting used to.    Overall, a few songs are a disappointment, but overall it is a great product, worth buying that will have you replaying it over and over again. The price is totally worth it, by the way.
0439023483|5.0|I'd heard the hype about Hunger Games since before its release and it continued to gain momentum and discussion around the web.  Cautiously avoiding spoilers, I grabbed hold of a general synopsis and quickly got the feeling that this is a book I would enjoy.  I'm generally a fan of books set in dystopian and/or post-apocalyptic futures.  I also really enjoy the sort of man vs. man struggles like those portrayed here...where the struggle isn't one caused by \\"normal\\" motivations but rather through some sort of contrived situation.    To those unfamiliar with the plot of this book...it's set in the future after the general downfall of American government.  The country is now divided into specific Districts, each of which is responsible for producing a certain type of good or service for the good of the nation and especially for the good of the Capitol.  Our main character (a teenage girl named Katniss) is from District 12, where they are responsible for coal production.    The Capitol has a set of very stringent rules regarding any sort of mobility (essentially you're born, live and die within your District and it's unlikely you'll ever see outside of the fences surrounding it), the management, production and sale of goods...particularly food.  Most citizens receive barely enough food to survive and even then it's only through hard work and ingenuity that they can provide for themselves and their families.    Because of an uprising, the Capitol has instituted The Hunger Games.  These \\"games\\" take place each year and each district is required to send two teenage participants aged 12-18, one male and one female.  The participants, called tributes, from each district are taken to a previously undisclosed location and required to fight to the  death.  The last tribute alive is declared the victor and returns to his or her district not only with the honor of winning, but also with the reward of being financially \\"taken care of\\" for the rest of their life...being put up in agreat home and provided with money, food, etc to ensure their comfort.  Our protagonist, Katniss, becomes the female tribute from District 12.    The premise itself is an intriguing combination of a number of elements I've seen and enjoyed from other books and stories.  The system of selecting the tributes reminded me of the short story The Lottery.  The general layout of Districts and order of government reminded me of a variety of 'end of days' books.  The fight to the death concept reminded me of  ancient Roman gladiators or other similar events where participants are required to kill each other at the whim of the controlling government.  While these elements were familiar, the way they were put together made the story fresh and enticing.    The language was fluid and engaging.  The target audience is teenagers or young adults, so I expected a fairly easy read.  At the same time, the author didn't \\"talk down\\" to the reader in any way or pull her punches.  On the contrary, she accepted the reader as an equal by providing a quick, smart, tight narrative.    Some of the characters were a little flat, but that was mostly only true of some of the almost faceless tributes that Katniss encounters or the nearly caricaturized people she meets once she arrives in the capitol.  I thought the overall characterization was done very well with the exception that through the first few pages (either due to writing or due to my reading too quickly), I thought the narrator was a male rather than our female protagonist.  Otherwise, I really enjoyed the characters.    The world that was created was also very intriguing.  We begin in District 12 and specifically within the Seam which is the poorest part of the district.  While the language and descriptions were fairly modern, the overall feel of the district could easily have been late 19th or early 20th century.  Only small evidence exists that we're in modern (not even future) times such as the electrified fence surrounding the district.  As we learn more about the community, it's evident that some industrialization has happened since there is talk of trains and other motorized vehicles.  But it takes quite a few pages before we're fully aware that we're in an \\"advanced\\" future complete with hovercrafts and large scale projection screens that can cover the sky.    I loved the juxtaposition of the poor and degrading District 12 alongside the decadent effulgence of the highly modern Capitol.  Truly it was as amazing to the reader as it was to Katniss just how different the two disparate areas were.  It also spoke well to the hypocritical and contradictory nature of those governing the land.  A theme that became a strong thread in the book.    The intrigue and potential conspiracy or collusion was a lot of fun to follow along and was very compelling to me.  I was hoping for more of it, but the man vs man battle of the games didn't provide a ton of opportunity for this.  I expect a bit more plotting and scheming in the next book.    The actual Games was a fun adventure.  The preparations leading up to the games were rather interesting as each tribute was presented to the world and then trained and prepared to fight to the death.  I loved following Katniss through the strange terrain.  Again, we were pulled back into a non-futuristic world as the kids ran through forests, streams and mountains.  At the same time, we were frequently reminded of the high-tech society whether through the projections in the sky or the high-tech gadgets and medicine provided to the kids.  One of my favorite elements was near the end when Katniss encounters the muttations.  I really liked the depth and intrigue of those creatures.    If you can't tell by now, I really enjoyed this book.  It was a fairly quick read that didn't get too terribly deep.  And yet, it provided plenty of food for thought about the way we deal with those around us, the things we take for granted and the things we overthink.  It provides a fun and intriguing social commentary worth thinking about.  Probably the biggest downside for me was the way it actually ended which isn't a super tense cliffhanger but still leaves you intently wondering what's going to happen next.  Fortunately for me, the second book is already out so I won't have to wait ages for it to be written.  For those who hate cliffhangers, don't worry too much...the Games come to an end and most things are wrapped up.  The \\"cliffhanger\\" has to do with some of the events that happened in the Games which have the great potential to instigate change within the Districts and the Capitol and which are poised to explode shortly following the final page.    Definitely recommended.  Enjoy it.    *****  4.5 out of 5 stars
0517543052|5.0|Utterly life-changing.  I don't have the words to accurately describe the effect this book has had on me.  It's a brilliant conglomeration of spirituality and philosophy in one wild package.  Not all will get this right away; it has to come to one at the right time.  But if you are a seeker, you will find it overflowing with what you crave.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle does have a lot of potential.  This album, being her first, is excellent, although I think she was \\"playing it safe.\\"  In any future recordings, I believe she should perhaps pick up the tempo a bit.  She can do it! She's shown us that!
B002RKXO6S|5.0|The band has changed since I first started listening to them in the early 1990s and of course those CDs were different from the records they released before I started listening to them.    This CD brings a bit more of a rock feel back to the band.  It is not New Jersey in terms of that level of rock but does have more of an edge as some of the recent ones.    In other words, another solid collection of rock songs that you will find yourself singing too, with a bit more of an upbeat feel.
B001TH16DS|5.0|I have loved Star Trek since it first arrived on television back in the 1960s.  It was perhaps the first \\"appointment TV\\" show in my life.  And now here it comes again, still alive and kicking ass in the 21st century; the thing is not simply just hanging around collecting cobwebs, it shines brighter than ever in these new BluRay editions.  I'm seeing colors and details in the episodes that I either forgot were there or never noticed in the first place.  The characters compel you to fall in love with them all over again.  The good old stories (from those innocent, ennui-free days) are tight, bright, and delightful. As for the new content, the special effects additions are subtly done but glorious (e.g., when the Gorn blinked, everyone in my household shrieked with joy).  I cannot comment on any technical details of these discs, as I know (and care) nothing about such matters.  All that matters is that a show I've loved all my life is, magnificently, looking better than ever.
B002T9H2LK|2.0|I was shocked how totally boring this movie was, Tarantino seems to be getting worse since Jackie brown, long drawn out pointless dialogue, followed by cheesy Tarantino \\"done before comedy\\", and hardly any action.    Rent it for a buck from Redbox, 0r pick it up from the Pawn shop for $2.00, thats where I got my copy.
0375847227|4.0|A lot has been said about this trilogy, a collection of these stories: The Golden Compass, The Subtle Knife, and The Amber Spyglass.<br /><br />It's all true.  The adventures.  The religion-bashing.  Parallel universes.  The stimulation of the imagination.<br /><br />You will find yourself pausing, and just thinking about the story you've just read.<br /><br />This particular volume is an economical collection of the entire tale.  It's a thick book for carrying around (almost 1000 pages), and the soft-bound edition probably will not take a lot of abuse in backpacks. Nevertheless, it will be a classic in the young adult fantasy genre.<br /><br />At one time, Lyra and Will are in a conversation with a scientist, Mary, who finds a way to communicate with Shadows.  Will asks her if she believed the Shadows really were angels, as they claimed.<br /><br />\\"'Ah, but I knew about them.  I used to be a nun, you see.  I thought physics could be done to the glory of God, till I saw that there wasn't any God at all and that physics was more interesting anyway.  The Christian religion is a very powerful and convincing mistake, that's all'\\" (p. 871).<br /><br />And will this book make atheists of all the children who read it?  It hasn't so far.
B001TH16DS|4.0|The footage on these is SUPER!  Sheer delight in every way. Though I did buy mine outside of Amazon, I had issues w/ the mail away offer for a Sulu action figure missing, loose discs in season two, and a cracked spine and frame inside on season one's case.  I had to request 2 replacement cases from Paramount when the HD/DVD combo season's 1 & two came out last year due to broke open'/close clasps.
B00023GGFI|5.0|Quite a lot of Blues Styles on this album. Johnny brings Willie Dixon, Walter \\"Shakey\\" Horton (harp), Edgar Winter & Tommy Shannon (Bass, who would later go on to be in Stevie Ray Vaughan's Double Trouble)onboard for his debut album on Columbia. Johnny does every kinda blues here.  Whips out The Dobro for a raw, Gut-Bucket Robert Johnson cover (When you've got a Good Friend)to a slick & polished Ray Charles cover (Drown in my Own Tears).  He also throws in some real rockers. The Drum Beat That Uncle John Turner does on Good Morning Little Schoolgirl is worth the price of admission. I had this album when I was about 12 and it still does it for me. It is definitely one of my all-time favorites! And now with re-mastered sound and the addition of Extra tracks! Buy this and if you can \\"Johnny Winter And Live \\" It was recorded at the Fillmore East in NYC.  [[ASIN:B0012GMVZI Live Johnny Winter And]]
0394806220|5.0|My children and I love this book. I bought this recent copy to give as a gift. I enjoy playing with the different noises; there is ample opportunity to be a cow, a rumble of thunder, or patter of rain. Readers can be creative with the text. And, children love the fun sounds. I hope the hardcover is durable...Appears to be just like the old copy we have.
B000HEVALC|4.0|I think anything Elvis and/or Johnny Cash is great. This is a great CD, but I didn't hear Johnny Cash on it at all.
B002Q8GZ62|5.0|I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS CD!!! THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST-HAVE FOR BIG FANS OF THE SPANDAU BALLET. THE 2 NEW SONGS ARE BEAUTIFUL AND TONY HADLEY SOUNDS BETTER THAN EVER!! FOR ANYBODY WHO LOVES THE '80s AND SPANDAU BALLET, BUY THIS CD!!!!
0671027573|5.0|This book had a little of everything I look for in a book; mystery, suspense and hot steamy romance. I felt the author did a good job of balancing all of these elements. We have Jaine the sarcastic funny girl next door who along with her friends write a list of what they called \\"mr.Perfect.\\" The list then becomes a big deal even making it on the news causing someone to start killing off the girls who made the list.<br /> This is one of my favorite Linda Howard books. Jaine's character is so funny and relatable and who wouldn't love to have a hot cop neighbor like Sam. I really enjoyed the dynamics between the two, especially how they hated each other at first. The whole book was great. The suspense kept you on your toes and the characters kept you laughing. this is why Linda Howard is one of my favorit authors.
B001U6YI92|5.0|When I first threw this blu ray into the player I didn't notice any obvious difference in picture quality(or so I thought) and was almost upset by it...UNTIL I put in the most recent DVD version of the movie and did back to back comparisons. After doing that it became such a shock as to how much more crisp and clear the blu ray version was. The colors are just a touch deeper, but the clarity and details are so much more amazing. I could go on and on with sentences filled with impressive adjectives to describe this blu ray version and it's superior presentation, but it's just as effective to simply say this: If you are a fan of this movie at all, and you have the capability of playing a blu ray disc, then get this and watch it. I'm very glad I did.
031606792X|1.0|Well after hearing so much hype about the Twilight series, I finally decided last week just to read one and see how it was. Well of course I got instantly hooked, read the first three books in a few days and had to go watch both movies!Honestly I never thought I would like them since I am 30 and I had convinced myself that they were for a younger crowd. Boy was I wrong. I then proceeded to search 5 different stores looking for Breaking Dawn. What a huge waste of time. Let me just say that when I got to the imprinting, I really thought about not reading the rest. I mean come on! That is very disturbing. Well of course I continued on praying Meyer would redeem herself and of course it only got worse. What she did with Charlies character was just dissapointinmg. Are really suppose to believe he say Jacob phase and saw what Bella looked like and then didnt want to know? Come on! I honestly have a hard time believing that this is the same author that wrote the first three. I just pray that this will be the end of the series and there will not be another one with Renemsee(dont even get me started on her!) Also I noticed the editing was terrible but I was told that Meyer refused to have this one edited which explains alot!
1401323820|4.0|Well done.  Castle could have left a bit of intrigue behind the scenes so as to have something on which to build in future Nikki Heat stories in print.  The series leaves just enough for the immagination to hold interest.      Can't exactly tell if Castle is writing from personal experiences or wishfull thinking.    Look forward to the next book and season.
B001HQZJPM|4.0|I got this for my kids who I thought would love it being such fans of the Universal Studios ride based on it.  Not so much.  I liked them though.
B000A2H8WQ|4.0|I purchased this CD after thinking about it for awhile. It was a good purchase. I love the songs on this CD. If you like Quincy Jones, this should be part of your music library.
B002BFBAWO|5.0|Watch this movie if you grew up in the 80s, you will love it!  Great acting, flow, and flawless representation of its time period.  So genuine!
B00280LYHS|5.0|This book was great!  There wasn't a moment without fast action that kept you thirsting for more. Also for 5th/6th/7th graders I found this book and the rest of the series helpful for remebering facts about Greek mythology during tests in school.
0446560065|5.0|I'd never seend the videos, but I loved the book, which was a Christmas gift from my son.  The drawings are clever and need no captions or commentary, at least, not for anyone who has ever been owned by a cat.  I've now looked at some of the videos after reading the reviews here - I prefer the book.
B0029LHW4U|4.0|Alice in Chains arrived on the scene in the early 1990s, taking the best of what heavy metal had to offer and infusing it with some needed sensitivity.  The hard-hitting sound of songs like \\"Man in the Box\\" and \\"Them Bones\\" was thus balanced out by pensive, meandering EPs such as Sap and Jar of Flies.  These two sounds merged in the band's self-titled album of 1995, sometimes referred to by fans as \\"Tripod\\" because of its cover art.<br /><br />Tripod was not a perfect album.  Every AIC catalogue masterpiece such as \\"Sludge Factory\\" was weighed down by the aimless and repetitive strumming of, for example, \\"Head Creeps.\\"  To me, this hit-and-miss feel damaged the album enough that I simply deleted about half of the album's songs from my hard drive to save space, only recently uploading them again to remind myself of why they were gone in the first place.  There was good music, yes, but the whole album felt a little dragged down by the length of its tracks and a sense of fatigue, exemplified by the seven-minute closing track \\"Over Now.\\"<br /><br />Indeed, the band was \\"over,\\" in more than one way.  No more new material was produced under the Alice in Chains name.  Lead singer Layne Staley withdrew into addiction, while the remaining members worked on two Jerry Cantrell solo albums.  Which is why it was such a surprise to me when I found Black Gives Way to Blue not long ago.  BGWtB in many ways feels like the counterpart to Tripod, rebutting its hopelessness with a question something like, \\"did you really think we'd fall apart without you?\\"  Yes, it's still dark, as Alice in Chains albums have always been, but it's tinged with just enough hope, looking forward even as it mourns the loss of Staley to heroin.<br /><br />William DuVall takes up the lead singing role here, occasionally sounding eerily like his predecessor (\\"All Secrets Known\\"), at other times, more like the new guy he is (the excellent \\"Last of My Kind\\").  And when he harmonizes with Jerry Cantrell, as on \\"Private Hell,\\" guess what?  It still sounds just the way an Alice in Chains album should sound.  DuVall does well, only occasionally evoking the singers of poser bands (Staind, Godsmack, Creed) who popularized the successful AIC template.  In fact, at full shout, he's a bit like Maynard James Keenan, which, when combined with some of the guitar riffs in \\"All Secrets Known\\" and \\"Acid Bubble,\\" brings Tool or A Perfect Circle to mind--not necessarily a bad thing at all.<br /><br />Much more often, though, it's AIC through and through.  Moody numbers such as \\"Your Decision\\" and \\"When the Sun Rose Again\\" feel like unreleased tracks from Jar of Flies.  And the closing eulogy \\"Black Gives Way to Blue\\" is Jerry Cantrell from the heart, a direct letter to his deceased friend (\\"tomorrow's haunted by your ghost... lay down, I remember you\\") on an album that confronts Staley's passing--and the band's decision to continue--head-on.<br /><br />The only noteworthy missteps on Black Gives Way to Blue are \\"A Looking in View,\\" which at seven minutes is a bit indulgent for a song that repeats itself without developing or evolving, and the filler track \\"Take Her Out.\\"  These minor mistakes aside, Black Gives Way to Blue is a strong and real comeback for a heavy metal band that has been imitated often, but never equaled.t?  It still sounds just the way an Alice in Chains album should sound.  DuVall does well, only occasionally evoking the singers of poser bands (Staind, Godsmack, Creed) who popularized the successful AIC template.  In fact, at full shout, he's a bit like Maynard James Keenan, which, when combined with some of the guitar riffs in \\"All Secrets Known\\" and \\"Acid Bubble,\\" brings Tool or A Perfect Circle to mind--not necessarily a bad thing at all.    Much more often, though, it's AIC through and through.  Moody numbers such as \\"Your Decision\\" and \\"When the Sun Rose Again\\" feel like unreleased tracks from Jar of Flies.  And the closing eulogy \\"Black Gives Way to Blue\\" is Jerry Cantrell from the heart, a direct letter to his deceased friend (\\"tomorrow's haunted by your ghost... lay down, I remember you\\") on an album that confronts Staley's passing--and the band's decision to continue--head-on.    The only noteworthy missteps on Black Gives Way to Blue are \\"A Looking in View,\\" which at seven minutes is a bit indulgent for a song that repeats itself without developing or evolving, and the filler track \\"Take Her Out.\\"  These minor mistakes aside, Black Gives Way to Blue is a strong and real comeback for a heavy metal band that has been imitated often, but never equaled.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|Love this movie, I ordered for Christmas, it arrived on time and in great condition. Thankyou
B000M53GQS|5.0|I can assure anyone that like this kind of music by Gerry Rafferty, You cannot go wrong at all in purchasing any of his music. He is by far a super great singer. I have listened to his music for many, many years. And I am truly grateful for Amazon.com for being able to find his old music. I have looked in so many places for this type of old school music, and I have really found the place. \\"Amazon\\".com. And I will be ordering some of his music, Most of his music I lost in movement throughout the military, but I will reorder more....GE. Hogan
B00006AFF5|5.0|I ordered the movie for Christmas, and it arrived in plenty of time and in great condition. Thankyou Amazon....
B001KDQ4KQ|5.0|Dispite the dark subject of the book, it was one of the best books I've read in awhile.  I loved the way that she wrote the book, it was as if we were growing up with the main characters.  I never wanted to put down this book whenever I started reading it.
B001TOVZYQ|5.0|Donnie Yen does a phenomenal performance of the late Grandmaster Ip Man. This film even tops The Prodigal Son and Warriors Two! A hand of applause to action choreographer Sammo Hung! Any wing chun practitioner must get this movie for it has the essence of this amazing kung fu style! I was also very impressed with the japanese style of karate. Overall great martial arts action from begining to end but was not happy with the inacurate death of this martial arts legend in the end.
073933235X|5.0|I listened to a complete audiobook of this, read by the author, and for this third-rate foody, it was very enjoyable.  Bourdain does not always come across as likeable or admirable, but he does come across as forthright, clever, and humorous.  He is the perfect guide to a world that everyone has experienced but hardly anyone has written a tell-all about: the world of being a journeyman cook and chef in New York City.  He has a classic New York  storyteller's voice that is full of irony, sharp wit, bawdiness, and audacity (bawdacity?).  Chef Bourdain is not afraid to point out the flaws of others, altho he sensibly does not mention their names in all cases, but he tells tales on himself too, particularly about his drug use, something which he has given up by the end of the book.        Bourdain tells the story of his checkered career and it comes out like a classic semi-comic memoir that is worthy of inclusion in a time capsule.  From his first interest in cuisine as a kid visiting his relatives in France, thru dropping out of college and drifting into restaurant work, then to the Culinary Institute of America, and then on to an up and down career in professional restaurant work, Bourdain's yarn is always funny and revealing.  He has a soft spot for the misfits and petty crooks that he works with, being one himself, and yet he is a big believer in integrity.  He gives plenty of straight from the shoulder advice to any aspiring chefs out there.  He works in all sorts of places - a seafood place in Provincetown, a catering business he co-ran, as a line cook at the formerly grand Rainbow Room, and a slew of different restaurants around New York - before finally settling down as head chef at Brasserie Les Halles.  Fame and fortune have precipitated his departure from this location, but as a tribute to this fine book and out of curiosity for what kind of cooking Bourdain was involved in, I had dinner there not long ago.  It was good, a solid mid-level French brasserieexperience - grilled meat, frites, decent wines, and atmospheric surroundings.         The book is told in an episodic fashion.  There are segments, like his visit to Japan at the end, that do not seem to really fit into the overall sweep of the narrative, yet it is all held together by food, and by the author's relationship to the things he cooks and eats.  I won't try to relate many of the marvelous anecdotes here for there are too many of them - let's just say there are ones about fake body parts made from foodstuffs, a chef having his way with a bride in her wedding dress, a lengthy account of a job interview gone wrong because the author misheard a question, and many other priceless items.  There is not a whole lot about cooking techniques and the like, but there are plenty of books on those things.  What Bourdain really communicates is the nitty gritty of the restaurant world: the sweat, the hustling, the wacky characters.  And unlike most guys who have a lump of scar tissue on their palm from wielding a kitchen knife, this one is also a 4 star storyteller.
B002HWRYJE|1.0|I'm not sure Abrams is the one to blame for this debacle.  His work on Lost has simply been too fantastic for me to believe that he was the buffoon behind this pathetic film.  I'm more inclined to believe it was a bunch of marketing execs with MBAs who looked at the iconic Star Trek series like they would, say, Coca-Cola or Levi's jeans: as a product to be milked for every dime they could squeeze out of it.    My evidence:    1.) The \\"bad boy\\" characterization of Kirk, complete with reckless driving, discipline issues and constant friction with authority figures.  This James Tiberius is the quintessential smart-a** kid who proves he really is not only way cooler than his nerd teachers but also smarter.  Think Ferris Bueller with a phaser.    2.) The stupid, one-dimensional portrayals of the other characters.  Uhura as an ass-kicking sex symbol (Carrie Fisher in \\"Star Wars\\", Angelina Jolie in everything she has ever done, the chick from \\"Bones\\").  Spock as the noble yet tormented soul forever seperated from his home (Humphrey Bogart in Casablanca, Doc Holliday in \\"Tombstone,\\" and let's not forget Superman),  Scotty as the mandatory clown tossed in for comic relief (Friar Tuck in Costner's \\"Robin Hood\\", Nigel Bruce in the Sherlock Holmes films, Barney Fife, Lou Costello, that idiot in \\"Van Helsing,\\" and countless others).   The villian who is simultaneously a talented genius and a madman consumed with hatred and revenge (Ahab, Lex Luthor, Darth Vader).  The producers didn't create these people, they yanked them off a shelf in a store called \\"Formulaic Plots'R Us.\\"    3.) The Flash Gordon-style storyline, rife with pseudo-scientifc nonsense, Nokia product placement and, mandatory in this dumbed-down age, plenty of computer generated eye candy.    Of course all of this is lost on its fans, who sing its praises while gathered around the gaming table of the local comic book shop.  \\"Maybe I can't get a date, but who cares when I've got a life-size statue of the Dark Knightin my room in the basement!  And mom better not throw it away again, or I'm moving out!\\"    The saddest part of this tragedy is that Roddenberry intended Star Trek to be the thinking person's alternative to the brain-dead space westerns that pass for science fiction.  Now, four decades later, his creation is turned into the very thing he despised.  Maybe his vision of humanity's potential was a bit too naive after all.  That's the sad truth taught by this joke of a film.  Beam me up, Scotty.  There really is no intelligent life on this planet.
B001RIY4WE|5.0|Well, the movie itself is spectacular. Effects, acting, directing, all are top notch. So, let's look at the Blu-ray itself.<br /><br />The Sony Blu-ray player that I watched the movie on is not connected to the internet (or, if it matters, never has been connected). So, after I put the disc in, it took a minute or so before it told me that there is no internet connection. From the choices such as 'retry' or 'cancel' I pressed cancel. It took maybe about 5 minutes or so to load the disc. Not a problem, I was there to enjoy the movie and not to accomplish a timed race. After it loaded, all of the menus were fine. It was easy to navigate, no problems whatsoever.<br /><br />There are 3 versions of the movie on the disc. Original theatrical, extended (with, if I remember correctly, extra 15 minutes or so) and the last one is Director's cut, I guess, which, on top of the extended version adds extra 5 minutes or so. That's the one that I chose. Like many wrote here, the CODE IS 82997. The movie played perfectly fine.<br /><br />Quality was absolutely excellent, both audio and video. Amazing restoration! If you are thinking about the DVD, here is the link to a much more specific video/audio/bonus material review - highdefdigest[dot]com and search for this movie.<br /><br />There are plenty of bonus material as well, for none of which you need an internet connection. Bonus material includes:<br />*Audio Commentaries<br />*Deleted Scenes<br />*Theatrical Trailers<br />Also there are 8! interactive modes, which are played within the movie itself, so, I guess if you want to see/hear all of them you would have to watch movie 8 times. Modes include picture-in-picture storyboards, scripts, trivia, and how its made type of things. Fun to watch. If you really think about it, it's not like you're re-watching the movie over and over again, because each time you are focused mostly on the interactive mode of your choice, instead of the movie. Also, you can skip from one to the next, so you don't have to watch the movie again and again, if you don't want to.<br /><br />For more info about the DVD, such as audio/video quality, special features explanation and more, go to highdefdigest[dot]com<br /><br />Like I said, movies itself (any of the 3 versions), bonus material, and interactive modes DO NOT REQUIRE an internet connection. Also, don't let few minute wait at the beginning to discourage you. Make sure, however, that your Blu-ray player is a Profile 2.0, either by just connecting it to download an update, or doing it from disk, manually.n, if you don't want to.    For more info about the DVD, such as audio/video quality, special features explanation and more, go to highdefdigest[dot]com    Like I said, movies itself (any of the 3 versions), bonus material, and interactive modes DO NOT REQUIRE an internet connection. Also, don't let few minute wait at the beginning to discourage you. Make sure, however, that your Blu-ray player is a Profile 2.0, either by just connecting it to download an update, or doing it from disk, manually.
0316010669|5.0|There is good reason that this book skyrocketed to the New York Times nonfiction best-seller's list. Gladwell serves up some interesting perspectives on how we make decisions. He asserts that decisions made quickly and without a lot of analysis can be just as good as, if not better than, carefully researched ones. Gladwell says it's because almost all of us possess the ability to \\"thin slice\\" a situation. We are able to unconsciously pick up on cues that allow us to make decisions intuitively. We can make good decisions without knowing all the information. Conversely, we can also make some poor decisions based on prior associations and impressions!<br /><br />Through compelling stories and significant research, Gladwell encourages his readers to be more self-aware of the power of rapid cognition and how subtle influences can alter or bias the product of our unconscious. The more sensitive we are to the fact, the more we can control the environment in which they occur and prevent making decisions based on prejudices.<br /><br />Personally, I took away three important lessons: The first is that truly successful decision making relies on a balance between deliberate and instinctive thinking. Secondly, if you are truly an expert, trust your instincts. You may not consciously know the rationale, but your subconscious does. The third lesson is that in good decision making, frugality matters. Take a complex problem and reduce it to its simplest elements. Even the most complicated of relationships and problems have a simple, identifiable, underlying problem.<br /><br />Makes you blink twice before you make a decision!
B000Q67876|5.0|This movie is worth every penny. So many different emotions throughout the film but by the end will make an impression on the viewer.
0609610570|5.0|Have you ever wondered how many strategic and operational plans were put in place, only to be left unopened and not implemented? Larry Bossidy, former Chairman and CEO of Honeywell, and Ram Charan, in this book provide a hands on, systematic approach to ensuring accountability and follow through on these plans.<br /><br />Bossidy and Charan provide concrete ideas to close the gap between what is and would could be. While none of their advice is revolutionary, they detail specific techniques to ensure the organization knows what needs to be done... and then does it!<br /><br />The discipline of execution is a \\"systematic process of rigorously discussing hows and whats, questions, tenaciously following through and ensuring acccountability. It includes making assumptions about the business environment, assessing the organization's capabilities, linking strategy to operations and the people who are going to implement the strategy, synchronizing those people and their various disciplines, and linking rewards to outcomes. It also includes mechanisms for changing assumptions as the environment changes and upgrading the organization's capabilities to meet the challenges of an ambitious strategy.\\"<br /><br />A quick read, you'll find lots of ideas to ensure the organization is engaged, effective and executes admirably.
B00000F214|4.0|This was a movie I had never seen until recently stubbling upon it. You will be surprised by what transpires from start to finish. Like actors chosen for main cast but choose Kevin Spacey as most valuable actor in this film.
B002QW7ALW|4.0|Unlike Michael Moore's scathing 2004 critique \\"Farenheit 911,\\" this film looks primarily at the last two to four years, and how the Bush Administration, with some serious help from the Democrat-controlled congress, has pushed America's middle class to the brink of financial catastrophe.<br /><br />Some might say that Moore is a pessimist who manufactures dissent. But this time around, he takes his aim at both political parties, and the two party system in general, and claims that it makes no difference which party is in power - they are all corrupt and all we have left is the illusion of choice. By doing this, Moore is presenting a very unpleasant view of the state of the nation's finances.....but he is also more even-handed about his criticisms. He skews both Democrats and Republicans as he looks at the bailouts of Wall Street, and how current leaders from both parties have appointed Wall Street and corporate gurus to high positions in the US Treasury department, and they have all but stripped away the regulations put into place following the great depression. Then, when things got bad on Wall Street, Bush and the Democratic Senators used taxpayer funds to bail themselves out. Corruption at the highest levels.<br /><br />One point where I disagree with Moore is that he also favors Socialism over a capitalist system, and he has no qualms about saying that on many occasions. He almost sets a tone of calling for citizens to revolt against the corporations, and he stops just short of doing so. Whether you approve of his antics or not, everyone can agree that our political leaders are corrupt and that the two party system is, as of right now, shaky at best. Simply getting mad, however, will not restore confidence. His one great suggestion that we should all adhere to is his demanding that more products be made in America by American workers. Love him or hate him, he does identify several trends that we as a country have let go the wrong direction for far too long.
0671042858|4.0|Well, if not, you should read this book and see how heroic Trisha is. Trisha is a 9-year-old with an active imagination, but if you've ever been lost in the woods, her imagined monsters may seem just a bit more real to you. By the way, the Tom Gordon reference alludes to Trish's facsination with a professional baseball player. Fortunately she go lost in the woods while carrying a radio in her backpack, and despite being miles from civilization, she can still listen to baseball games at night. These keep her company, and they also help her stay connected to her dad, as Trisha and her dad share baseball as a common interest.
B000001EL3|5.0|This was probably one of the first hard rock records I ever bought, I was a few years younger than the rest of my neighborhood friends and they all had all the early KISS records and always talked about them whether it be playing wiffleball in the street or shooting baskets it was all about how great the band KISS was. Somehow I got to purchase this one, and it quickly became my introduction to hard rock.    I have so many favorites here from start to finish, not much to complain about other than perhaps the out of place \\"Beth\\" and perhaps \\"Great Expectations\\" which along with \\"God Of Thunder\\" to me are also perhaps there to balance out the record.    \\"Detroit Rock City\\", and \\"King Of The Nightime World\\" are a great one-two punch to start off the Disc.  Very upbeat hard rock with plenty of guitars and bombast to rock out to for sure. And the energy keeps coming with other favs in \\"Flaming Youth\\", \\"Sweet Pain\\", and my personal fav song on here and maybe of all time by Kiss in \\"Shout It Out Loud\\".    Just a great moment for the band, this is the only studio album I have of them...all the rest I have are the Live sets I II and III, and sometimes, many times I think that's all I need.
B0026ICMLY|5.0|this is really a great item. actually one of the best i´ve ever had. it´s heartwarming to see how much love has flown in the making of this product. i recommend this collectors item to any serious disney collector. it´s worth every penny.  best regards, mario.
B00008BXJJ|3.0|I love AC/DC, but the gaps between songs and the fading in and out and the lack on continuation just kills the feel of a Live album for me. I know this came out back when this was probably the norm, but listening to todays Live albums, although none of them seem total legit 'Live', at least most of the ones from my fav bands have more of a Live feel with a continuation from song to song, a good flow as it were and don't sound too much like studio tinkerings. Having to wait, and wait for what seems like even longer than a studio album for the next song to fade IN to me is ridiculous.     The songs themselves are classic AC/DC of course and you get a few sprinkled in that aren't as much as album tracks like Razors Edge\\", \\"That's The Way I wanna R n Roll\\", \\"Heatseaker\\", and \\"Are You Ready\\" which I really appreciated hearing Live versions of these songs.  This is gonna sound strange and downright 'wrong' but I noticed this to the biggest degree today when listening to a long faded band the \\"Toilet Boys\\" Live in London (they are sorta a throwback to the New York Dolls and Kiss, glam rock from early 2000's)...anyway to me THAT CD sounded more Live than the AC/DC, that in a sense was my 'lasting impression' between the two bands Live albums.
006176759X|3.0|I believe that the book L.A. Candy was an OK book. I believe this because although a teenager of wishing that she could be on T.V. can relate to the main characters, there is not a main conflict or problem and everyone loves a good thrill ride. This lack makes the book extremely boring and it seems like it lasts forever. The book L.A. Candy is about two normal teenagers who move to L.A. to start something new and exciting with their lives. Jane, one of the major characters in the book, starts out working as an intern for a major company. With a strict boss, Jane feels that her expierence hasn't started off so well. On the other hand, Scarlett, the other main character in the book, is attening a near-by college. With staying out late and going to clubs the girls think that their lives can not get any better. However, a T.V. producer found the girls at a club one night and thought that they would be the best pick for his new T.V. series, \\"L.A. Candy\\". He thought this because the T.V. show was the real life of young adults living in L.A. Showing how they move back and forth from working hard to having fun at night. The plot of the book is about the life and the expierences of the girls within their new lives and the T.V. show that will bring more drama to their \\"fresh\\" lives. The structure of the book is past to present telling the reader the lives the girls used to have and now the lives the girls obtain today, and the subtle differences between the two. The theme of the book is one that you see on T.V. today, how the girls deal with the new and exciting drama between their busy school and work lives along with the enjoyment of the L.A. world. In the book, I did not like how there was no catching or thrilling expierence. The book is planly about recording the series and explaining the work and school tactics. In my opinion, I would give the book a rating of 3 out of 5 stars. This is only because I did not find the book interesting but I can relate to the situations the girls are put through.
B001684L0A|2.0|Bare with me, this is just one man's opinion. The acting, writing, visual effects and music on this show deserve 4, possibly 5 stars. But the idiots running the cameras make it nearly impossible to stay focused on these elements. I know, I know, it's Tak Fujimoto. I don't care who shot it, it's poorly done. I am an amateur filmmaker, meaning I do not derive the majority of my income from filmmaking. But I will guarantee you that, given the chance, I would have done a far better job of capturing the efforts of the rest of the cast and crew than did the team of imbeciles who did get paid, no doubt handsomely, to film John Adams. I have a very simple concept about camera work which is this - The viewer should NOT be thinking about the camera. With very few exceptions (POV), the camera should remain transparent.<br /><br /> The camera crew on this production, however, seems to want to take center stage. The camera shakes incessantly, it sits at ridiculous angles, and it gets so close to the actors at times, that it becomes comical. I know that these would be described by the perpetrators as stylistic choices, but these 'stylistic' choices are so distracting, that I seriously wish I hadn't purchased this series. The worst of these offenses is the continually cockeyed camera angles. I kept expecting Adam West to pop out in his Batman costume. And then there are the focus pullers. The ridiculous decisions mentioned above aren't the end of the story. The number of out of focus shots in this series is painful. There is on scene in particular where both characters faces are out of focus through the ENTIRE SCENE. The hair on the sides of their heads however are in focus. Ridiculous.<br /><br />And then there's the transfer... I'm not going to belabor the point, the transfer is subpar, and that's putting it nicely. 'True Blood' and 'Band of Brothers' are both great blu ray transfers from HBO, but somebody dropped the ball on this one.  Just for the record, for those of you who may be interested, 'Band of Brothers' on blu ray is like seeing it for the first time. It  trumps the uprezzed DVD as well as the pseudo HD broadcast on HBO. If you love movies about American history, rent John Adams - buy 'Band of Brothers'.ed, 'Band of Brothers' on blu ray is like seeing it for the first time. It  trumps the uprezzed DVD as well as the pseudo HD broadcast on HBO. If you love movies about American history, rent John Adams - buy 'Band of Brothers'.
1593081545|5.0|a great book and its greatness is commensurate with its ability to offend (or something pretty much like that) - Lionel Trilling<br /><br />What does the book tell us that offends some?<br /><br />For one, traditional authority (in the form of Sir Thomas) is nearly always correct and should be obeyed. It is not perfect and can err, as Sir Thomas did in the upbringing of his daughters. Nethertheless, it demands and should receive respect and even reverence.<br /><br />Two, sincerity, honesty, seriousness, and earnestness are always to be preferred to wit, frivolity, charm, and cleverness. In particular, wit that mocks traditional values and religion is wrong. Somethings are beyond wit. Better to be quiet than to joke about serious topics.<br /><br />Three, self control and restraint are very important. People should not do what is wrong, even if they really want to do it. People should do what is right, even if they don't feel like it and should do it gladly. There is a scene where Julia is trapped in conversation with a rather boring older character. Julia is polite but inwardly impatient. Austen tells us that it is not enough that Julia is outwardly polite. She should restrain her inward impatience because she is doing the right thing.<br /><br />Four, order, method, regularity, and calmness are very important. Disorder, mess, lack of planning are bad.  Impetuosity and impulsiveness should be avoided.<br /><br />Five, doing one's duty is very important. Duty comes before almost everything else.<br /><br />Many readers find Fanny to be priggish and intolerant, overly critical of others' conduct, and narrow minded.  Such as she is, she is the heroine of the book. Unlike the heroines of Emma and Pride and Prejudice, Fanny does not change from what she is at the start. She is right and others learn to conform to her views. All Fanny needs is more self confidence and less diffidence. Otherwise she is beyond reproach.<br /><br />The book also prizes intelligence, bravery, consideration for others' feelings, honesty, and kindness. Fanny has all these qualities. But what strikes readers is the puritan aspect of her character and that the author, Fanny's creator, approves of it and endorses it.<br /><br />Many have attempted to make this book mean something different from what Austen wrote. They have striven to show that Austen does not like her creation, Fanny, or that Fanny is wrong in this way or that or that the book shows that Austen is a feminist. The book does not show any of these things.<br /><br />The book annoys because Austen is very successful in endorsing a particular world view that is contrary to modern philosophy. Austen succeeds because she is a brilliant writer. Her success in championing what seems to many of us very bad values is irksome.<br /><br />Personally, the book does not bother me. I love its heroine.
B002SEW5WW|5.0|very impressive album.  what an eclectic masterpiece.  i don't remember the last time i was so engrossed in an album.
B000BZ8I9E|1.0|I watched a rare videotape of this competition in music class many years ago, it was great, had a lot of talks but at same time a lot of performance. I saw this DVD and expected it to be just a remake of the tape, so I didn't mind the first review. Gosh how wrong I was, this is NOT the tape, which had enough playing to let you know how good and which style was each contestant. This DVD just cut out all the good parts (which is the performance of course) and kept a bunch of talk crap. We don't care about the background of the competition, if we're willing to buy a DVD we know what the heck Van Cliburn competition is. We just want to hear them playing! And what did we get? Like 30 seconds of Santiago Rodriguez! After all these years I still remember he was the best soloist in the whole competition, and here we just get to know he was married, with kids, do we really care about that? NO!!
B002NLS4XO|5.0|This is BY FAR the best series i've ever watched.  It never fails to throw you for a loop just when you think you know what's going on, it keeps you captivated the entire time and always leaves you wanting more.  Keep it up Supernatural crew!
0143113100|4.0|As a professional dealing with neurology on a consistent basis, I found this book interesting and will recommend it to parents and clients.  His mention and review(s) of \\"Fast Forward\\" is particularly relevant to someone in education, because I have seen firsthand what this program can do. It was very interesting to get a look into some of the neuroplasticity reasons for why it does what it does.  I found it to become a bit redundant in the last third of the book.  I wanted more specifics into brain structure and function, but in general it is a very good book.
B00139XZF4|4.0|The movie was fun.  It's not great and it's not a must see.  It's just fun.  The scenery is fantastic and the acting is pretty good.  If you like Sci-Fi / Fantasy then you will enjoy this.  If not, then probably not.  It's a shame that a sequel will not be made.  Also, I do not understand the fury over billing this as an anti religous movie.  Opponents tried to paint this as a picture (and book series) aimed at convincing children that religion is silly and bad and that all intelligent people should be atheists.  Perhaps I don't try hard enough to find messages in movies - I sit back and enjoy them - but the anti religion aspect on this movie seems like quite a reach.  This will no more corrupt your children than Harry Potter. Personally, I think the true hatred of this movie by religous supporters stems from the fact that the author of the series is a confirmed atheist and they don't want to see him succeed and / or gain any type of forum.  My belief is to each their own and I would have loved to see a sequel.  Although, I must say studios are generally bloodsuckers so I'm guessing they quashed a sequel not out of pressure from the Vatican or religous advocates but rather because they felt like it wouldn't be profitable.  I'm sure if they could make money from it, they would do it in a heartbeat.  To me there is some irony that the same parents who were duped into keeping their children away from this movie are the same parents who allow their children to worship all things Harry Potter much like my generation worshipped all things Star Wars!    P.S. I grew up worshipping Hitchhiker's Guide to The Galaxy, Lord of the Rings, and Star Wars and have enjoyed Harry Potter in the last decade.  Somehow I didn't turn out to be an atheist.
B0000087QO|5.0|There are many copies of Blondie Hit Album Parallel Lines (1978) available on CD but this is the version to buy and here's why:<br /><br />When analog masters are taken form the original source and put onto cd they are automatically remastered picking up all the nuances and sound as close as possible to what the band meant you to hear. Thsi version also contains THE ORIGINAL version of Heart Of Glass whish was 3:45 minutes and features slight differences in the drums and synthesizers, (if you have seen the original video this is the vesion used for the audio). This version is unavilable on any other cd, casstte, or vinyl released. When Parallel Lines was first released in September 1978 it contained Heart of Glass in it's original short disco form an das the song hti #1 all second pressings and on replaced the original version with the Extended Disco Version.<br /><br />Also all the new so called remastered versions contain errors on a few songs. Hanging On The Telephone has an audible muffle durring the opening intro, Heart Of Glass is the Extended Version instead of the album Version, and Just Go Away has a drop out in the left channel audio in the middle of the sing which completley disrupts the listener from a an enjoyable experience.<br />Not only do these errors exist on the two new remastered versions but the remasters turned up the volume which slightly distort the bit rate and ambience of the music.<br /><br />None the the above mentioned errors are on this CD Version.<br /><br />Pick up this copy today.
B002P5XXR0|3.0|as Allmusic stated: \\"Cameron and Horner recruited English pop and R&B, post-reality show singer Leona Lewis for the torch ballad I See You, a forgettable piece of grocery store balladry that (unlike the schmaltzy, but appropriate My Heart Will Go On) feels ridiculously out of place, especially in a film about 10 foot tall blue aliens\\". Peter Gabriel, Prince, ELO, The Moody Blues, even Fleetwood Mac would have fitted the part. Otherwise we are good. Great movie...
0385334206|5.0|Reading Breakfast of Champions, I realized that Vonnegut wasn't just satisfied with making a scathing and 'f***-all' satire on the American dream, or on racism and sexism, nor did he even want to make a revealing story of madness in the context of American history.  No, he wanted to just made something that would SNAP out at you and make you realize it's not like any book before or since.  It's not exactly fiction, it's not exactly non-fiction, nor biography or autobiography, or history or science fiction.  It's like Vonnegut posits himself as some alien being viewing the very unlikely meeting of Dwayne Hoover and Kilgore Trout in Midland City as a means to jump off to anything that comes up.  He's concerned with the world, himself, and everything else, and it's thrilling, hilarious, odd, outrageous, crude, and extremely poignant, sometimes on the same page!  It's certainly going to be one of the great affronts to literature I'll ever come across, and I recommend it highly to anyone who would be looking for the same.
B002PLALCO|5.0|Pink is a Pure Artist of the Genius kind. Not a lip sync, bubblegum, autotune, Disney Puppy Mill Graduate. She is a delicate flower as well as pure Tempered Steel. If you are listening to Pink, you are witness to the present and the next chapter of American Music History. The Girl has Pipes!     Believe me, I've experienced some amazing artists as a 52 year old graduate of The Tower Theater in Upper Darby.  1973 Bowie, Lowell George and Little Feat, George Thorogood, Jim Thackery and The Nighthawks, and at The Main Point, Bryn Mawr, John Lee Hooker, some guy named Bruce, Pretty Thing and Pagey, Talking Heads New Years Eve, not to mention what happened at the Spectrum, Jeff Beck, The Bros Allman, Brian and the Stray Cats, phew, too many to remember..Pieces of a Dream at Kutztown..      Pink is a NATIONAL TREASURE and has earned Rock and Roll Royalty status.     Go Philly Girl!    Treat yourself to an amazing concert.    The only reason I write this is because,    Have you ever felt this way?
B002MW50KO|3.0|This is a love it or hate it album.  I like the arrangements a lot - they are like the old classics but somehow updated just enough to be really enjoyable.  And I don't mind the growly Dylan vocals.  Even my husband, who \\"hates it\\" has been whistling the Klezmer-esque version of \\"Must Be Santa\\" for days.
B002JIOQCO|5.0|Wolfmother's new album Cosmic Egg is a great addition to their already fantastic music library. I personally recommend this album to any fan of Wolfmother, or fan of classic rock and rock in general. This is some great music, and If you like this, also check out my two favorite songs, Joker/Thief and Woman.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|A dog's book at it's best. Remids me of my old dog Sampson and makes me think of my puppy Paisley and what's to come. A must read for any dog lover.
0440241901|5.0|This is my second book I've read from Ms. Kinsella and she did not let me down! I love the fun, easy and light and most all entertaining that I've come to expect from  her books. I put this one down and cannot wait to pick up another one by her!
B002HWUU1I|5.0|Very fast shipping, product in excellent condition.  Awesome album!  My only regret is that I didn't by the one with Bonus Tracks right away!
B001W63DX2|5.0|Iron Maiden is what all rock and roll should be - stratosphere searing vocals, heart palpitating percussion work that can wake the dead,  a bass guitar firing sonic bullets into your soul and three dragon fire breathing electric guitars that dance seamlessly together before one rises up to immolate you.      To this combustible brew you add thoughtfully crafted lyrics, musical honesty, the amazing respect & admiration the band mates have for each other, an unwavering desire to please their faithful fan base and you get three decades of unforgettable music and concert performances that make other \\"big name\\" bands look feeble and geriatric.    There are 2 DVDs in this set. The Film DVD takes you behind the scenes to get a sense of the band members between shows, the logistical challenges of the tour and touches the pulse of the, at times, rabid yet always faithful fan base.  The music only DVD takes you through some of the best music Maiden has created throughout their long and highly prolific history.  Both DVDs are outstanding.    You can go golfing with the amiable and life loving drummer Nikko McBrain, peak over the shoulders of lead vocalist Bruce Dickinson as he pilots the 757 (dubbed Ed Force One) that carried the entire crew and concert gear from city to city,  and meet word painter and bassist extraordinaire Steve Harris' wonderful children who accompany him on the tour.       The triple axmen - Dave Murray, Janick Gers and Adrian Smith share their thoughts about what Iron Maiden is truly about (The Music) and their respect and appreciation for what their co-leading guitarist brothers create and contribute to their layered and synergistic signature sound.    Or jump into the concert roller coaster (along with Costa Rican, Australian, Canadian, Argentinean, Japanese, Chilean, American fanatics) and experience again many of the best songs every created by Iron Maiden including: 2 Minutes to Midnight,  Aces High, Run to the Hills,  The Number of the Beast andPower Slave.  All 16 songs kick copious booty!     I could go on but it is simply much more effective and enjoyable if you buy this set.  You won't be disappointed.
6305657947|5.0|This is an amazing remake of the classic.  Rene and Pierce have such chemistry!
B000002H33|5.0|this album is the best every song you can listen to and never get bored of it! :)
B002VKE0XA|1.0|This has to be one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen next to Blair Witch.  The quality of the video camera they used is horrible, for a couple hundred dollars you by one that produces better videop than this.  The was shot on an early 1980's video camera.  I used to make movies like this when I was about the age of this actor, writer, and producer.  This movie bored me sick I turned it off half way through it, I kept waiting for the scary parts but none ever came. I know it was done on a shoe string budget but video camera's are cheap and so is software to produce these effects. What were people thinking when they said this was the scariest movie they have ever seen.  I guess this generation has never seen the Exercist, Legend of Hell House, or The Entity.  The Entity is still the creepiest movie I have ever seen. Buy the Entity and don't waste your money on this.
B001GCUO4S|5.0|\\"Oh. no, not again!\\" Suddenly, I was having retro fun with a film less perfect. Less than the better first two FD flicks; this one should have been 3 with it's D. 3rd in quality; but cheesy as a 60s horror script, 3-D that'll fry your brains all the way to the fun factory. Great Gore All'Mighty pops in your face as does the script, which may make your fillings fall out. but It's a Good-bad.<br />Blu-ray is about perfect with sound that will rattle your neighbors windows; analog 3-D for the thrill seekers.
0060765380|5.0|This was an excellent read.  If you enjoy historical fiction novels - James Rollins Sigma force books are for you.  Very intelligent writing.
B0015DYIH2|4.0|Spoiler. I have to say I rolled my eyes over the baby but then adored the resolution by Jake entering her little life. It was one star less than Eclipse but a joy. Lovely.
0061231401|5.0|This was an excellent read.  If you enjoy historical fiction novels - James Rollins Sigma force books are for you.  Very intelligent writing.<br /><br />Great book.
B0002IVN9W|4.0|This album has been a HUGE \\"grower\\" for me! When I initially gave Funeral a listen about 3 years ago, it felt quite boring and a little too *indie* for my tastes at the time. Well, I must say, my tastes have certainly changed because this record is starting to reveal all it's grandiosity and lyrical beauty to me, in ways that were imperceptible to my pre-pubescent ears just a couple of years before. That being said, my one problem with Funeral is that a lot of the songs have the same epic/doomy mood--they don't necessarily sound the same, it's just that there's not quite enough variation in attitude and lyrical themes to keep the album from being ever so slightly monotonous. But at the same time, that Bruce Springsteen-with-an-odd-instrument-fetish sound does live up to the album title. Funeral was created in the wake of immense tragedies that occurred between Win Butler and Régine Chassagne, and the couple (along with the rest of the Arcade Fire) do a fantastic job of approximating their sadness into a record that speaks universally about the tragedies of losing a loved one.
0547260695|5.0|The story itself is amazing (as you probably already know), and this pop-up version just brings the story that much closer to home.  I bought this as a gift for an adult who loves \\"The Little Prince\\", and he loved it - couldn't stop leafing through it to try out all the pop-ups/windows.  Despite the simplicity of the original drawings, nothing is lost here, IMHO - this version brings a new dimension.  The book also seems of fairly sturdy construction, although if this is for a young child it probably will not last, just like other pop-ups!  I am now purchasing one for myself.
B002T9H2L0|1.0|Flashes of brilliance held together with needless gore and confusing, splotched together scenes.  Immediately threw the movie into the trash when it was over...wanted to several times during the movie but a brilliant scene appeared and drew me in again.  I should mention the flashes of brilliant acting did not pertain to Brad Pitt but Christoph Waltz as the SS Colonel.
B000VWYNNW|5.0|After burning the original 1976 soundtrack into my mental mp3 for the past few decades, I hear a clearly different product...but it kinda like a new album. Deadheads have every song ever played, let's hope Led fans get the same output from LZ. I especially want to hear the O2 concert cleanly edited, mixed, and available before the 2010-2011 Led Zeppelin tour. (wink wink)    Yes, TSRTS is a little different but it's also refreshing. To the comments about \\"being/not being true to the original\\"...so what! I sometimes think I'm reading a boring review of Masterpiece Theater when the need to mirror the past is cited. Led has been there and they move this great music along with presence into the future. Let Jimmy remix, revamp, and redo every LZ project. I'll want to hear it all. His recent remasters have also been excellent.    This TSRTS is longer, sounds clearer, has more tracks, has different riffs, and these bits click right away as new and different. But to what really matters about Led Zeppelin music, it test my monster stereo system wonderfully.     I'm listening to it right now! (No Quarter guitar solo and crescendo...outstanding!)    Thanks Led Zeppelin for many years of the very best rock and roll ever produced.
B001992NUQ|5.0|This movie is awesome... split personality's etc. You even get a flash of Brad Pitt early in the movie if you pay close attention, watching Edward Norton from across the street. Two thumbs up, easily - I don't think anyone who watches this movie in its entirety will be disappointed.
0385338732|4.0|I have enjoyed all of sophie kinsella's books so far and this one is no exception. The tried and true \\"amnesia\\" plot line occurs in this book with some differences. The last thing Lexi remembers is having bad teeth, a worse job and a despicable boyfriend, but when she wakes up she finds herself married, rich, and with a whole new look. Lexi thinks she has won the jackpot with her new life. But as time goes on she realizes not everything is how it appears and there are many secrets in her new existence. All in all good book with likable characters. I read this one in one sitting, really quick read.
0060558121|4.0|The premise is brilliant: America, the immigrant nation, where old Gods had to be imported by the poor huddled masses because there were none already here, finds it has grown new Gods after all - styled after the new Americans' \\"worship\\" of their gadgets, media and consumerist lifestyle. The people now *consume* their idols: in the old days, the idols demanded it was the other way around - that was the sustenance of the Gods, and consequently we find the old Gods now worn out, power weakening, in the face of the new materialistic age. In a last ditch attempt to fight off destruction by distraction, Odin tries to rally the troops and co-opts, sneakily, Shadow, an ex con, to help him do it.<br /><br />It's a great premise: as soon as I heard it I had to get a hold of the book, but when you reflect more deeply it's simply a great idea that runs out of gas, because, well, *then* what? A g&ouml;tterdammerung-style clash of the titans doesn't really work - what would be the point? How would you judge the result? Since that's the route that Gaiman takes his plot it's a dilemma he has, ultimately, to resolve, and how he does do it is a bit of a cop out.<br /><br />The original edition of the work was something of a runaway success, and a bit like a now-famous film director, Gaiman's literary standing is such that he can go back and overturn editorial excisions to release a \\"Director's Cut\\". That's the version that I read - something like 100 pages longer than the originally published version, and with some modifications is largely reinstating material that some officious subeditor took out.<br /><br />The problem is, I suspect the original subeditor was probably right: American Gods as reinstated feels flabby, over-populated with characters and events which aren't entirely mission critical to the plot or message, and too long. About a hundred pages too long, really. The resolution unfolds itself gently and carefully, and is deftly handled when it finally arrives. It just takes a little bit longer than it should to get there.<br /><br />It's a striking book, make no mistake, and displays a depth of erudition on Gaiman's part which is never allowed to get in the way of a good yarn. But, at least in the version I read, this feels like a pretty good novel still uncut and in the rough, and in need of a editor's careful attention. Attention, that once upon a time, it apparently had!<br /><br />Olly Buxtonit should to get there.    It's a striking book, make no mistake, and displays a depth of erudition on Gaiman's part which is never allowed to get in the way of a good yarn. But, at least in the version I read, this feels like a pretty good novel still uncut and in the rough, and in need of a editor's careful attention. Attention, that once upon a time, it apparently had!    Olly Buxton
0385523904|5.0|Demick has traveled to North Korea, but found it impossible to meet and talk with ordinary people because of her two assigned 'minders.' So, instead, for this book she interviewed six North Korean escapees in South Korea over a period of years. North Korea reportedly once led South Korea in GDP/capita, though it is hard to know for certain, given the regime's problem providing honest statistics and the fact that both countries had been decimated during the Korean War. The CIA's published estimate for 2008 is $1,800 for North Korea, and $27,700 for South Korea. Hopefully the $1,800 is correct or an understatement - however, after reading \\"Nothing to Envy\\" and the latest news even that figure is questionable.<br /><br />North Korea's current problems began with the collapse of the Soviet Union which had propped it up with cheap fuel oil, etc. Since then Demick's emigres report that power stations have rusted into ruin, people have stolen copper electric wires to trade for food, factories have shut down, and increasing numbers of workers have found either their work place shut down, or they are paid only with a higher priority for food distribution. An estimated 600,000 - 2 million citizens have starved to death, including relatives of those Demick interviewed.<br /><br />Demick's emigres are a mixed bunch - some descended from or were married to a former South Korean war veteran captured north of the DMZ, others were of Korean heritage living in China and fled to North Korea during Mao's disastrous 'Great Leap Forward' that starved millions, another descended from a group of Koreans living in Japan that returned to North Korea after WWII, and some were native to northern Korea. Demick focused on emigres who had fled from the Chongjin area (northern North Korea, near the Chinese border) to allow cross-validating the various stories. Emigres with relatives in China or South Korea were helped by those relatives after escaping; however, no phone, postal, or e-mail service exists between North and South Korea. China is increasingly working with North Korea to return those who sneak into China - presumably concerned about the loss of jobs to North Koreans and an increased load on its own food supplies.<br /><br />North Koreans from Day One are taught to see themselves as a unique race apart from evil and inherently immoral outsiders in South Korea and the U.S. (the Chinese are \\"OK,\\" but second-class, weak socialists). They are also taught that they are blessed to live in North Korea under the leadership of first Kim Il-sung and now Kim Jong-il (Il-sung's son). School lessons are laced with propaganda - eg. singing songs blasting the 'U.S. bastards,' and calculating South Korean soldiers killed as part of math lessons. Everyone, from early school age to the oldest, also receive daily political indoctrination. Every home is required to display portraits of the Kims, and the photos are inspected about once/month for cleanliness. It's estimated that one in 50 people are government spies; sometimes they entrap others to speak ill of the regime by doing so themselves. Radios and TVs must be registered with the government, and are 'locked' onto government stations. Inspectors come by periodically to ensure they stay that way.<br /><br />Defense reportedly consumes 25% of North Korea's GDP. Food is rationed, if available at all.  Doctors are required to make their own medicine - collecting herbs, etc. Acupuncture is used for simpler surgeries. One of Demick's emigres was an M.D. in North Korea - she reported a lack of heat, lights, running water, and parts in the hospital. GNP/capital fell about two-thirds from 1991-1995.<br /><br />Another emigre was a kindergarten teacher - the children's' lunch at first consisted of a thin soup made of salt and dry leaves, then they were required to bring their own. Citizens everywhere were reduced to eating rats, birds, toads, grasshoppers, tree bark, grass, etc. North Koreans are considerably shorter andthinner than their South Korean counterparts.<br /><br />Desirable jobs and schooling are reserved for those families believed most loyal - eg. no relatives in South Korea, no political offenses.<br /><br />Permits are required to travel even within North Korea. Private markets (eg. selling food from 'private' plots, cheap goods smuggled in from China) were legalized in 2002.  Fleeing North Korea is a serious violation - relatives are picked up and imprisoned, possibly for life. Starvation was the main factor driving North Koreans to try to escape. The M.D. in \\"Nothing to Envy\\" first escaped to China and found dogs there eating much better than she had. The former N.K. schoolteacher had a car several years after escaping, and paid for her mother and brother to also escape. Once making it to South Korea, North Koreans are isolated and checked to ensure they are not N. Korean agents or Koreans from China trying to collect the $20,000 given those leaving the north. Then they receive training in how to live in South Korea's culture, and a $20,000 stipend (sometimes used to pay smugglers to get out of North Korea).<br /><br />North Korea has recently cracked down on private markets, suddenly exchanging currency and limiting the amount of old currency that could be redeemed. Many had hoped that North Korea was going down the same path as China towards increasing capitalism - that now seems doubtful. The economy is likely to take another dive as a result. In any case, the government has used this to increase the citizens dependency on it.<br /><br />Bottom Line: \\"Nothing to Envy\\" provides a compelling summary of life in North Korea.unterparts.     Desirable jobs and schooling are reserved for those families believed most loyal - eg. no relatives in South Korea, no political offenses.     Permits are required to travel even within North Korea. Private markets (eg. selling food from 'private' plots, cheap goods smuggled in from China) were legalized in 2002.  Fleeing North Korea is a serious violation - relatives are picked up and imprisoned, possibly for life. Starvation was the main factor driving North Koreans to try to escape. The M.D. in \\"Nothing to Envy\\" first escaped to China and found dogs there eating much better than she had. The former N.K. schoolteacher had a car several years after escaping, and paid for her mother and brother to also escape. Once making it to South Korea, North Koreans are isolated and checked to ensure they are not N. Korean agents or Koreans from China trying to collect the $20,000 given those leaving the north. Then they receive training in how to live in South Korea's culture, and a $20,000 stipend (sometimes used to pay smugglers to get out of North Korea).     North Korea has recently cracked down on private markets, suddenly exchanging currency and limiting the amount of old currency that could be redeemed. Many had hoped that North Korea was going down the same path as China towards increasing capitalism - that now seems doubtful. The economy is likely to take another dive as a result. In any case, the government has used this to increase the citizens dependency on it.     Bottom Line: \\"Nothing to Envy\\" provides a compelling summary of life in North Korea.
B002QH2NUA|5.0|Paul McCartney, in his many incarnations in groups and solo artist, has been the soundtrack of many of our lives since 1963.  Not even considering his age and how many times many of these songs have been sung, played and heard, this is a spectacular live concert from a legend.  It is better than most of his past live works, and his voice has lost little of its range and power.  I have to say I was blown away at the quality of music, performance and venue considering it has been 50 years since the Beatles happened.  Nostalgic, but not a nostalgia event as many of the greats in rock are as they age, and a great live performer.  Even my 20something acquaintances ere amazed, whether they knew or liked his music.  Ageless.      Tons of old songs and some good new ones that are better live than in studio.  Buy it and watch past and present converge in something worth experiencing for 2 hours.  And the Beatles Remastered, too.  Stunning.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|Not since Angel and BTVS have I been so entranced with a show. I don't normally do horror type tv (or movies for that matter..I get creeped out too quickly!) but I made an exception for this show.<br /><br />Its everything about it that I love. The writing--oh the writing--funny, sad, quirky, dramatic, shocking. The actors are top notch. You really feel like they are brothers. The music--lawdy the music--brings me back to summers at the lake and driving my old pickup with the windows down back at the farm. Good old fashioned rock and roll. Add to that a classic car and creepy things that go bump in the night. You really can't miss.<br /><br />I'll never forget in All Hell Breaks Loose Part II the recap with Kansas's Carry on My Wayward Son -- must have watched that hundreds of time. Just for the energy.<br /><br />Excellent outstanding show. If you haven't seen it shame on you--go and buy this DVD set and the rest as well! When you're done you can watch the current eppies on ammy as well. Hope they let it run a long time (but not so long it ends up overstaying its welcome!)
B002VH7P4O|5.0|THIS 24 BIT VERSIONS SOUND GREAT, BUT DO NOT BE DECEIVED, THE DIFFERENCE IS EXTREMELY HARD TO NOTICE AGAINST THE 16 BIT VERSIONS. I DID ONE ON ONE COMPARISONS SEVERAL TIMES ON A FINE SOUND SYSTEM, AND BELIEVE ME, YOU WON'T NOTICE IT UNLESS YOU OWN A VERY EXPENSIVE HIGH END SOUND SYSTEM AND CONCENTRATE  TO FIND SOMETHING SPECIAL.<br /><br />TO LISTEN IN ITUNES OR IPOD, I CONVERTED THEM TO AIFF FIRST WITH THE 'XACT' APPLICATION, AND THEN TO APPLE LOSSLESS, TO SAVE A LITTLE SPACE, ALTHOUGH MY NEW  IPOD NANO SUPPORTS AIFF TOO.<br /><br />THIS USB  IS OVERPRICED INDEED, SPECIALLY AFTER MOST BEATLEMANIACS HAD ALREADY BOUGHT THE 16 BIT BOXES, SO I THINK IT IS A CHEAP SCAM.  YOU CAN KEEP YOUR 16 BIT BOX AND WILL NOT MISS ANYTHING THAT IS WORTH BUYING AGAIN THE MUSIC ON USB.  DO NOT GET MILKED AGAIN BY EMI !
B002VKE1K2|1.0|There's absolutely nothing scary nothing imaginative about this movie. In fact it's not a movie, it's a documentary shot by amateur people. The entire documentary was dominated by conversations, with ocassional girl screamings and door \\"movement\\" night time. It's a kid movie for god sake. I was bored to death and almost turned off the DVD midway (I should've turned off and watched a horror porn movie instead). It's a total waste of time watching this movie. Movie critics call this \\"one of the best horror movies of 2009\\" - are you kidding me? am I watching the wrong movie or what? I'd call this \\"one of the worst horror movies of all times\\". I seriously worried about America, judging from those people who gave 3 or more stars for this crappy movie. These people must have not watched movies at all in their entire life, and so got so caught up about this movie. If these people think this movie is chilling, haunting, scary, then I seriously seriously worried how these people live their lives, how they view things, people, make decisions. That's explains why Americans can't vote, can't pick the right idol, and always make stupid decisions (becauue this country is full of people who think stupid). 1 star for this movie, for the effort of doing the documentary.
B0004Z33EG|5.0|Starring the one and only Sylvester Stallone, \\"First Blood\\" introduces the world to the legendary action hero John Rambo, in the first of four confusingly titled films. Directed by Ted Kotcheff (\\"Weekend at Bernie's\\") and co-starring Brian Dennehy, Richard Crenna and a young David Caruso, the film is as notorious for its extensive action scenes as it is for the intense and iconic performance put forth by Stallone, who is also credited for writing the screenplay.<br /><br /> Ex-Green Beret and Vietnam War veteran John Rambo is passing through a small town after learning of the death of a member of his unit, and all he wants is something to eat. The local sheriff (Dennehy) doesn't take too kindly to him, however, and after he breaks out of jail, a strong disagreement turns into a full-scale war, with Rambo at odds against the town's police force. Not only does he make a fool of the sheriff, but in his wake, leaves a trail of destruction all on his own that only serves to match the amount of rage and alienation built up inside of him.<br /><br />Despite laying the violence on a bit thick, the film never cheapens or lowers itself to average action-filler. At the heart of it, it's a story about a man's mental disintegration following a failed attempt at re-entering society. Stallone's speech during his breakdown towards the end of the film not only shows significant range for the actor, but also marks a rare occurrence where an action film attempts to address a painful but all too true reality. \\"Rambo\\" is not only a great action film, but a gritty and raw one that feels real and human at the same time. Action films just don't get better than this, although the three sequels that followed sure did try.
B002JTHFUS|5.0|If you love this album like I do, then you need to get this Super Deluxe edition.  This little box comes with a small but very nice hardcover book with commentaries, lyrics, and pictures.  Also, you get the prints, the second CD, and the DVD.  All in all, I'm very impressed, and though a bit pricy, I'd say it's definitely worth it if you love U2.    I am glad this album got remastered.  This is not just one of those remasters where you don't hear much difference; the sound is indeed very different here.  This classic music is brought to new life.  I feel like the instruments are alive in the room with me, not distant and muffled as often heard on the original record... There are parts and nuances that I never even noticed on the original album which I'm glad I can hear now.  I'll grant you that there are aspects of the remaster that I'd personally like to change, and I'm sure we'll all have our different opinions in this regard.  (In many cases, I feel like I'm listening to \\"The Edge\\" with backup from Bono, Mullen, and Clayton-as Edge's guitar parts often dominate the music- I suppose not a surprise, since he is the U2 member who personally contributed to this reissue.)   In any event, at the end of the day, the record comes to a whole new life and I'm glad I bought the super deluxe version.
B001P22HK8|2.0|I heard some good reviews for this book and I was eager to pick it up.  Pretty much from the first page it didn't disappoint.  It did start jumping around and was hard for me to follow all the characters, but the story was good.    Near the end the pace really pick up.  Then it seemed to drop off and suddenly the were the words &#34;The End&#34; and there was still more story to tell.  That left me very disappointed.  If this was a series that would be a fine place to leave off, but as a stand alone book it was terrible.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I cried a few times watching movie. Why do we let this happen? Why some few people make money denying healthcare to millions, insured and uninsured alike? Isn't there enough money in this country to provide such basics as free healthcare, free childcare and education? It is a vicious circle where first they want you to eat all this junk food, then you get sick due to the consequences of unhealthy diet and overworking, and they put you on a bunch of medication that you take until you die. How can you be happy, if you have to worry about making enough to pay the bills month to month? With this economy now this issue of healthcare (or lack of it) is becoming more and more pressing.Hands up, Michael Moore and thank you!!! And all these people and websites that criticizing you -- they are on the insurance companies' payroll (that are paid for with our tax money).
B000R7HY0K|5.0|First off, I skimmed the 1-star reviews to see what all the bitching was about- it seems people are complaining about the two movies (Planet Terror and Deathproof) being split off into separate releases, and the subsequent loss of the fake trailers from the original double feature theatrical release. Boohoo! Hey, if you were a filmmaker, you'd split a double feature in half for the dvd release too- you make more money that way- and it is show 'business', right?<br /><br />So a 1-star movie that attacks the dvd release's format and doesn't address the film itself is useless.<br /><br />\\"Deathproof\\" is an outstanding movie and another excellent entry into Quentin T's body of work. Interesting and quirky characters, dialogue and relationships that draw you in and make you curious- and when Rose McGowan's character gets in Stuntman Mike's car for a ride home, it is a deliberate 'don't go in the basement!' moment worthy of the goriest slasher flick. The car chase sequences are some of the best you'll ever see on screen, as 3 girls in a 1970 Dodge Challenger hunt down Stuntman Mike with maniacal joy.<br /><br />Great movie, great fun, one of my favorites.
B002RSDW8A|1.0|I thought this was the worst movie I have ever seen, until I remembered one I believe was called Popeye, or something to that effect, I once watched in disbelief on an overseas flight. Yes, as others have written, the politics were annoying, and the suggestive parts, exacerbated by the relentless commentary, involving two older, unattractive actors were exceeding off-putting and certainly unnecessary. However, the continual narrative by some woman describing everything we were watching was beyond maddening - it was like being subjected to two hours of obnoxious TV ads - ads I would instantly mute.  It is a crying shame these people wasted a wonderful opportunity to depict such a fascinating career in an educational and entertaining manner.
B002TZS5GU|5.0|What would you do if the humanity started to die all around you? Would you curl up in a ball and hope for the end, or would you make a run for something comforting, knowing that the world is going to dissolve anyway? That's the problem that we find two brothers and their companions facing as they track into the great wide open, because the world has indeed been flushed down the cosmic potty. It has no rules, either, and it has nothing to quarantine that tomorrow will truly come. The only thing that seems to work, at least in our group's favor, is rules. Clean - a lot whenever you touch anything. If a person becomes infected, they are dead.  Do not mourn the dead and do not come in contact with them. Do not break these rules (and I am, of course, paraphrasing). These sound good, right? The problem is that there is a real world out there, and the real world has little kids and nice people and shortages all around. What would you be willing to do to make it to the place that you have always dreamed of going?<br /><br />When I picked up Carriers, I thought I was picking up one thing but picked up something totally different altogether. Instead of your typical \\"end of the world\\" scenario, you find yourself riding shotgun with four people - with four personalities - as they try to do the best they can while approaching a dream two brothers still share. It involves childhood and a beach and the fact that, once there, the two can never die. The problems come quickly, however, and they are relentless. First, they run into a dad and a little girl who need their help. What do they do? They have someone get infected. What value does love have? Things like this keep on coming and, sometimes, hell is paved with the best of intentions. And breaking the rules, well, that seems to be a good way to end up on a slab.<br /><br />When acting in a movie like this, you really have to sell the part you are playing. That seems to be the thing that divides B-movies from the big kids and it also seems to be the thing that keeps the momentum from falling by the wayside. I have seen that happen in quite a few movies and was scared that it could happen here but, much to my surprise, Carriers pulls off some amazing things. It takes something that is simply about a sickness killing everyone and it makes you think and feel. It also showed you the dark side of caring and what not caring can do to you, giving you the duality that is really the a-bomb inside the Cheerios. I liked that, too, because I thought that everyone could relate to something inside the film.<br /><br />If you are expecting a lot of violence, chuck that out and think of something fresh. Instead of smelling the flowers think of a new arrangement altogether, where the world intruders and the world excludes but where the canvas is totally unique. It is death that is coming from somewhere that nobody really understands and, in that context, it is unlike anything that we have seen in a while. There are no undead or plague-riddled things spreading the virus. There are simply people - children and parents and doctors and teachers - and they are all dying. And it is consuming the world, almost assuring you that you will die as well. That's the thing about the movie - there is no happy ending. There is only the now and, in the end, we see what the now can cost us as humans. It is beautiful and poetic and sad, too, and I personally found that almost overwhelming.<br /><br />I loved that about Carriers - it made me feel and it made me think about when another day of breathing would stop being worth the cost. Watched with an open mind, I think you would enjoy it as well.the thing that keeps the momentum from falling by the wayside. I have seen that happen in quite a few movies and was scared that it could happen here but, much to my surprise, Carriers pulls off some amazing things. It takes something that is simply about a sickness killing everyone and it makes you think and feel. It also showed you the dark side of caring and what not caring can do to you, giving you the duality that is really the a-bomb inside the Cheerios. I liked that, too, because I thought that everyone could relate to something inside the film.    If you are expecting a lot of violence, chuck that out and think of something fresh. Instead of smelling the flowers think of a new arrangement altogether, where the world intruders and the world excludes but where the canvas is totally unique. It is death that is coming from somewhere that nobody really understands and, in that context, it is unlike anything that we have seen in a while. There are no undead or plague-riddled things spreading the virus. There are simply people - children and parents and doctors and teachers - and they are all dying. And it is consuming the world, almost assuring you that you will die as well. That's the thing about the movie - there is no happy ending. There is only the now and, in the end, we see what the now can cost us as humans. It is beautiful and poetic and sad, too, and I personally found that almost overwhelming.     I loved that about Carriers - it made me feel and it made me think about when another day of breathing would stop being worth the cost. Watched with an open mind, I think you would enjoy it as well.
0307269981|5.0|I find myself so involved with the central characters I cannot read too much of this book at one time because the author writes so tightly and his characters are so consuming I find myself worrying about them too much to sit still. In this mainly unsentimental, sparingly written book they still pulled me in.<br />The author creates tension by suggestion. In fact the only times both books lost any strength was when the danger was explicit rather than implied.  I think this is the result of the true danger being to the soul of the woman, Lisbeth, who is strong, alone and so vulnerable without being in the least bit predictable, ordinary or comfortable.<br />The lesser characters, especially the police, a woman named Mimmi, and a man called Dragan, carried over from the previous book, are also compelling.  Oddly, the only one who does not resonate is Erica Berger, the hero's longterm love and best friend.  Even her open marriage and comfortable adultery is not interesting except as it helps us see Mikael.<br />I cannot wait for the third book in this trilogy.
B002PQ7JQK|5.0|I just love this series! As for the packaging, the price - who cares? Convenience is a lot more important to me, but then I don't have the time to waste searching all over trying to find a better deal on the individual sets.  The product is what's important, and this one lives up to my expectations and then some. I have always been a fan - well since the age of 2 when I was old enough to sit up and watch, refusing to go to bed until I'd seen the new episode - and having this series come to life again in blu-ray format is awesome! I have had the best time watching the episodes over again. The special features and added footage are a bonus, but I would have purchased the set without them just to have the series in blu-ray format. A definite recommendation for true fans!
1594488843|3.0|Mr Pink's criticisms of traditional methods of motivation are entertaining and valid and many of the ideas put forward are interesting and worthy of consideration.  However, while he advocates allowing employees more autonomy and freedom to decide things for themselves, he allows the reader less and less. He repeats fairly interesting ideas over and over, lecturing us about their value until we get sick of them, particularly generalizing techniques that might work well for software developers, but few other businesses.  Instead of allowing the reader the decide for himself and ponder how he or she might incorporate some part of these ideas into his or her own business, he ends up hectoring us over and over about \\"FedEx days\\", \\"Flow\\" and \\"I-type\\" people.    It is ironic that, just as he insists we must abandon our rigid 9 to 5 mentality, he is shoe-horning everything into the constraining format of a typical business \\"how-to\\" book with a strong thesis he thinks he can sell.  It's a pity he doesn't have the courage to follow his own advice.
B00005JNEW|5.0|The idea of the inspirational sports drama is not a new one.  It has been ravaging havoc in the cinemas since the dawn of time, and while they are truly a dime a dozen, there is rarely a film that actually captures the very meaning and essence of the sport it is championing.  All too often the films are littered with so much saccharine `goodness' that the whole point of the story is bogged down by clich&eacute;d Hollywood atmosphere.  They all wind up blurring together in a long line of disposable, familiar, sports movies.<br /><br />There is no oomph!<br /><br />That is why I absolutely love this movie.  `Friday Night Lights' is not your typical sports drama.  Stripped down and basically bare to the bone, this film is as rough and tough as they come.  With the grit needed to really pack a punch to the gut, and the emotional core to elevate this from the ashes that are every other sports film, `Friday Night Lights' is a shining beacon on the game that has become the lives of so many.<br /><br />This is one of the only sports films to actually make the sport the leading character.<br /><br />The film is based on the true story of a high school football team in West Texas.  The team consists of your `typical' members, from the star player (who happens to be black) to the quarterback struggling to leave his home-life off the field, to the careless rebel suffering at the hands of an abusive father.  INSTEAD of playing to each clich&eacute; like it was the saving grace of the film, and exploiting each storyline for each tear it can muster, this film allows the players lives to further embellish the power of the game itself, breathing life onto the field, where it belongs.  Instead of focusing our attention on how these young men are going to patch up their lives off the field, we are brought to the sobering realization that if they don't patch their lives up ON the field, their lives are basically worthless.<br /><br />This game is EVERYTHING to them, and you feel that in your soul.<br /><br />With an onslaught of powerful performances from Lucas Black, Garrett Hedlund and Derek Luke, as well as an amazingly moving turn by country superstar Tim McGraw, `Friday Night Lights' has not a single wrong note.  As the film draws to its dramatic and heartbreaking climax there is a moment where everything seems lost and broken only to have it all come together in the most meaningful and appropriate of ways.  It isn't forced, it isn't out of place and it isn't sappy; it is just right.<br /><br />Yes, I cried.n your soul.<br /><br />With an onslaught of powerful performances from Lucas Black, Garrett Hedlund and Derek Luke, as well as an amazingly moving turn by country superstar Tim McGraw, `Friday Night Lights' has not a single wrong note.  As the film draws to its dramatic and heartbreaking climax there is a moment where everything seems lost and broken only to have it all come together in the most meaningful and appropriate of ways.  It isn't forced, it isn't out of place and it isn't sappy; it is just right.<br /><br />Yes, I cried.
B001GJOL22|5.0|I purchased the SD version of this concert when it was released (didn't have BD at the time). While I have no complaints about the SD version - The BD version totally blows SD out the door! It's almost like watching it over for the first time, I swear! The difference in video is great but the audio difference is truly amazing. Other reviewers had complained about sync issues but I didn't experience any of that. It's like you're actually there! It's really nice to have the whole program on 1 disc as opposed to 3 on the SD too.  I suspected that Blu Ray would lend itself well to music performances & I was definitely not disappointed to say the least. Those stage hands have to work extra hard to keep the instruments clean as you can see every smudge or fingerprint, kinda funny! And considering that Rush is my all time favorite band (actually had the privilege/luck of meeting them during their \\"Moving Pictures\\" tour back in the day), this makes it just that much sweeter.<br /><br />There are some songs that the band played on this tour that I've really missed (Entre Nous, Mission, Circumstances come to mind)... Neil's lyrics have such meaning, he's got such a gift! The 2 names: Alex Lifeson & Gibson Guitars should become synonymous! Even some of the songs that have become too \\"commercialized\\" in my opinion (Tom Sawyer for one) had new life to me!<br /><br />If you have a decent HD setup (I have less than $2000 invested in my whole setup - TV included - so it's nothing fancy), and you're a fan of the band - GET THIS BD - You Won't Be Disappointed! Excellent set-list, great audience & awesome performance combine for a \\"Can't Miss\\" BD!  220 Minutes Of Sheer Pleasure - Enjoy!<br /><br />I wonder why more \\"Classic Rock\\" Artists / Groups (I have disdain for that term!) haven't put out material in BD??? Considering the picture clarity of BD, perhaps their wrinkles will be too apparent?<br /><br />I ALSO WONDER WHY THIS BAND ISN'T IN THE ROCK 'N ROLL HALL OF FAME??? - Definite Conspiracy!
B0001MDP3G|4.0|It's very easy to enjoy `Cold Mountain'.  In fact, I think that it would be hard NOT to enjoy it.  The film really contains nearly everything needed to make for an entertaining and thrilling and memorable ride.  The storyline in engaging (even if some have noted it runs a tad `false'), the acting is enthralling (even if certain performances don't hold up as well over time), the cinematography is spellbinding; everything from the feel to the look to the tone of this film is designed to satisfy your every cinematic want and need.<br /><br />So, it's safe to say that I thoroughly enjoy this film.<br /><br />Having read the novel (long after I saw the film), I must say that I was pleasantly surprised to see how well the novel was adapted.  Yes, there are changes (as will nearly every film adaptation) but with a novel that is so packed (stuffed you may say) with many characters and encounters and situations, it would have been easy for this film to lack fluidity.  It would have been easy for this film to feel claustrophobic and detached.  I was astonished to see that `Cold Mountain', the film, almost fares better than `Cold Mountain', the novel.  Anthony Minghella superbly crafted a film that carries a lot of weight yet never feels overly stuffed or too compact.  There is a breathy airiness to this film that helps create a fluid movement from scene to scene.  Despite the onslaught of characters and drastically separate situations (the story, in both written and cinematic form, is told in a very episodic manner) the film is very easy to follow.<br /><br />The story is a seemingly basic one; that of a soldier who goes awol in order to return to his love, a wealthy and sophisticated young woman.<br /><br />Some have balked at the unrealistic nature of Ada and Inman's love affair.  They barely knew one another and seemingly had nothing in common and yet we are expected to believe that they long for one another so drastically that they risk all (at least Inman does) in order to be with each other.  I think that this line of reasoning is rather simple.  This story is not really a love story in the typical sense.  I don't think that either Inman or Ada truly LOVE one another in the sense that they have formed everlasting and genuine emotional connections with each other, but I do believe that each party represents a better life and future for the other.  They are both longing to develop that connection, and to be freed from their apparent prisons (both very different yet both very much the same) and so they see in the other a chance to believe in something bigger than they are.  They are not risking all for each other, but in stark contrast, they are risking all for themselves.<br /><br />For me the film has rarely a flaw.  The script, while truthfully a hodgepodge of events, contains the atmosphere of pure storytelling and thus remains completely engaging and rewarding.  The performances for the most part all still hold up.  Jude Law is so moving and so heartbreaking as Inman.  He really understands how to convey his character's desperation without stripping him of a soul and making him a walking shell.  Small supporting roles from names like Donald Sutherland, Brendan Gleeson and Ray Winstone are all superb, and the string of cameo performances by big names like Philip Seymour Hoffman, Giovanni Ribisi and Jena Malone make their mark quite nicely.<br /><br />I still feel that Nicole Kidman was sorely miscast and that her empty and emotionless portrayal of Ada dampened the films overall emotional connection.  She seems to come to life when Renee Zellweger comes on screen, but it is her `coldness' (near stagnancy at times) that makes her longing for Inman hard to swallow.  Renee Zellweger is the focal point of ongoing debate over her zealous (overly so) portrayal of free-spirited Ruby.  I admit, she is entertaining, but over the years I too have found her performance near cringe-worthy.  It is not very good to be honest, and while it neverfails to entertain, I fear that it is entertaining for the wrong reasons.<br /><br />Which is why I strongly feel that the supporting actress Oscar should have gone to her co-star Natalie Portman.  You know how they say that good things come in small packages.  In merely 5-10 minutes of screen time, Portman devours the entire film with her intense, believable, heartbreaking, strong and mature portrayal of a lonely and scared woman doing all she can to survive for the sake of her child.<br /><br />AMAZING.<br /><br />In the end `Cold Mountain' remains a very good film.  It suffers, for me, in the afterthought because it lacks a strong emotional surge.  It reminds me a lot of Minghella's other epic `The English Patient'.  It is beautifully staged, acted and scripted and yet, when the dust clears, it is strangely forgettable.<br /><br />It just doesn't `hit' you like you'd expect it to.ing for the wrong reasons.    Which is why I strongly feel that the supporting actress Oscar should have gone to her co-star Natalie Portman.  You know how they say that good things come in small packages.  In merely 5-10 minutes of screen time, Portman devours the entire film with her intense, believable, heartbreaking, strong and mature portrayal of a lonely and scared woman doing all she can to survive for the sake of her child.    AMAZING.    In the end `Cold Mountain' remains a very good film.  It suffers, for me, in the afterthought because it lacks a strong emotional surge.  It reminds me a lot of Minghella's other epic `The English Patient'.  It is beautifully staged, acted and scripted and yet, when the dust clears, it is strangely forgettable.    It just doesn't `hit' you like you'd expect it to.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|First book I purchased for my Kindle. I really enjoyed this story all the way through and have recommended it to several friends and coworkers. Worth the purchase price.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|It sounds simplistic, but really, in a situation that was so set up, the movie did spectacularly in focusing on the main plotline while keeping the background story adequately explained without overwhelming the main story. Never is there a point where Wikus Van Der Merwe and someone else bring the movie to a grinding halt with expository narrative like \\"You know, 20 years ago when this first started...\\"<br /><br />The trailers gave us what appeared to be a faux-documentary style, involving a modern-day Apartheid... with aliens. That alone would get my butt in a theater seat.<br /><br />Holy hell. In a time period where unique and genuinely great and entertaining movies are a scarcity, this one is a welcome blessing. I hate to do this, but I feel forced to; \\"Avatar\\", nearly $300 million dollars to make has some of the best and most realistic CGI ever. And it has a story a 4th grader would find lame and stupid. It's story is not unique, not good, not interesting, full of stale cliche's, total lack of surprises, and a tiresome Human-bashing with a glorification of Na'vi culture that is a near perfect mirror for Native American societies before we extinguished them as the evil creatures we were.<br /><br />This movie, meanwhile, is wholly unique, as much as it can be in a day and age where the audience has seen pretty much everything.<br /><br />The setup is right there: Aliens come to Earth as refugees, and rather than go to the stereotypical places of New York or London or Los Angeles, they end up in... Johannesburg, South Africa. After the initial awe of first contact fades, these aliens are now universally hated among the entire local populace.<br /><br />The story is right in front of it: Wikus Van Der Merwe, set up as a doofy, bright-eyed, largely average and sheepish worker for MNU, the company tasked with caring for these aliens (who are revealed to not be very bright, and thought to be proverbial \\"worker ants\\" of a hive-mind society, or else the slaves/lower classes). The movie begins with a documentary which right away foreshadows exactly what will happen, in a brilliant way that neither draws suspicion nor gives anything away.<br /><br />Wikus seems inexplicably villainized by some of the documentary people for reasons you assume to be due to him being MNU, or being stupid, or making enemies or such. Turns out, he's married the daughter of MNU's boss, and thus cries of NEPOTISM can be raised when he's put in charge of a vast eviction of the alien inhabitants of District 9.<br /><br />The eviction scenes are where the movie's only humor comes, easy and naturally, as Wikus and a co-worker, and a genial, fat MNU soldier go hut to hut trying to get the aliens (called \\"Prawns\\") to sign them. Rather than show us every single one, they separate some of them with convenient and brilliantly paced and placed bits of exposition, with documentary-style narrative of how the Prawns have existed, how they're treated over the years, how they've committed acts of violence, and how District 9 has attracted gangsters, primarily Nigerian, and how they exploit the Prawn's love of cat food by selling them the stuff in exchange for alien weapons and technology, though this technology is somehow bioengineered to work only for the Prawns.<br /><br />By the time the end of the eviction scenes comes, you're filled in with huge amounts of information, most from these asides, some from Wikus explaining things to his co-worker buddy. The chemistry Sharlto has with the two of them is shockingly good, considering he's never acted before, save for a few seconds in Neil Blomkamp's short film \\"Alive in Joburg\\", which District 9 is actually based upon. His natural charm and humor is a welcome relief from even atrocities such as a Prawn ripping off a soldier's arm, then being shot to death, or a hut full of Prawn eggs being exterminated with a flamethrower, while Wikus jokes that their deaths sound like popcorn popping.<br /><br />From there, the movie plot focuses on the next main character, a Prawn given the name \\"Christopher Johnson\\", who has a son. It's in CJ's hut that Wikus is exposed to the alien substance that causes him to slowly change into them. This isn't a spoiler, since the trailers for the DVD gave this away.<br /><br />The rest of the movie becomes part action film, part survival, as Wikus is taken in by MNU, subjected to experiments (including weapons testing, as it's found that the alien arm he's grown is capable of using the alien weapons), and the decision is made to vivisect him to study his body and DNA before the transformation makes him fully Prawn.<br /><br />Everything in this film is wonderfully acted, and meticulously written. Nothing is a red herring---not the documentary segments showing some of the Nigerians believing eating alien parts will cure diseases like STDs and Alzheimer's, nor the Prawn selling a mech-walker machine for cat food, nor the seemingly unimportant bit of documentary footage showing a \\"piece\\" of the spaceship falling out of it 20 years ago when it first arrived. All of those aspects play a vital part in forwarding the plot.<br /><br />Probably one of the best things about the film is that it doesn't give us a trite, stale, and boring bit of character \\"development\\" or sudden shocking change or try to make Wikus perfect for the audience's sensibilities (which is exactly what \\"Avatar\\" does).  Wikus is just as racist towards the aliens as the average person. He regularly calls them Prawns, calls them \\"Fookin' creatures\\" when accusations are made that he had sex with one of them, he is mean and nasty to some of the Prawns that get unruly or uppity during the eviction, and threatens to take away CJ's son when he throws a lollipop at Wikus's head.<br /><br />Even when Christopher is trying to help him, Wikus remains racist. It isn't until the end that he comes to realize that Christopher is his friend. Even then, we aren't given any \\"big revelation\\" moment to show that he's changed. Well... we are, but not in that way! Puns ahoy~!<br /><br />It's violent, gory, has \\"foul\\" language, and it will make you cry. It is also one of the best movies of the year, potentially of the decade.<br /><br />And it bears mentioning... Avatar put on a visual spectacle for $300 million that turned out to be a colorful Candyland version of \\"Dances With Wolves\\" without any of the compelling drama.<br /><br />District 9 more than exceeds it at literally 1/10th the budget. And while there wasn't as much CG, it bears mentioning that the Prawns are ALL CG, and they look just as realistic as any creature in Avatar---perhaps even more so.<br /><br />DVD/Blu Ray Bonuses:<br /><br />There's more than a dozen deleted scenes. A bunch of them are full-fleshed out scenes from the documentary bits, such as a full version of the aside showing a Nigerian explaining how a piece of alien flesh cures STDs.<br /><br />The best ones are scenes of the eviction, without any CG, showing Jason Cope, who plays Christopher Johnson, standing in for all the Prawns. For the ease of dialogue, he speaks in English, but his intonation and behavior is pure Prawn. And it's just hilarious, seeing him there, physically acting like a Prawn, and saying things that the Prawns say in English. The best one to me was when they caught him stealing televisions.<br /><br />There's much documentaries covering the making of the film and its various aspects, and director commentary which is of great quality of information on the filmmaking and background of it, including background of Johannesburg.<br /><br />Picture quality on the Blu Ray is perfect, as expected.ven the name \\"Christopher Johnson\\", who has a son. It's in CJ's hut that Wikus is exposed to the alien substance that causes him to slowly change into them. This isn't a spoiler, since the trailers for the DVD gave this away.      The rest of the movie becomes part action film, part survival, as Wikus is taken in by MNU, subjected to experiments (including weapons testing, as it's found that the alien arm he's grown is capable of using the alien weapons), and the decision is made to vivisect him to study his body and DNA before the transformation makes him fully Prawn.      Everything in this film is wonderfully acted, and meticulously written. Nothing is a red herring---not the documentary segments showing some of the Nigerians believing eating alien parts will cure diseases like STDs and Alzheimer's, nor the Prawn selling a mech-walker machine for cat food, nor the seemingly unimportant bit of documentary footage showing a \\"piece\\" of the spaceship falling out of it 20 years ago when it first arrived. All of those aspects play a vital part in forwarding the plot.           Probably one of the best things about the film is that it doesn't give us a trite, stale, and boring bit of character \\"development\\" or sudden shocking change or try to make Wikus perfect for the audience's sensibilities (which is exactly what \\"Avatar\\" does).  Wikus is just as racist towards the aliens as the average person. He regularly calls them Prawns, calls them \\"Fookin' creatures\\" when accusations are made that he had sex with one of them, he is mean and nasty to some of the Prawns that get unruly or uppity during the eviction, and threatens to take away CJ's son when he throws a lollipop at Wikus's head.       Even when Christopher is trying to help him, Wikus remains racist. It isn't until the end that he comes to realize that Christopher is his friend. Even then, we aren't given any \\"big revelation\\" moment to show that he's changed. Well... we are, but not in that way! Puns ahoy~!       It's violent, gory, has \\"foul\\" language, and it will make you cry. It is also one of the best movies of the year, potentially of the decade.    And it bears mentioning... Avatar put on a visual spectacle for $300 million that turned out to be a colorful Candyland version of \\"Dances With Wolves\\" without any of the compelling drama.    District 9 more than exceeds it at literally 1/10th the budget. And while there wasn't as much CG, it bears mentioning that the Prawns are ALL CG, and they look just as realistic as any creature in Avatar---perhaps even more so.        DVD/Blu Ray Bonuses:     There's more than a dozen deleted scenes. A bunch of them are full-fleshed out scenes from the documentary bits, such as a full version of the aside showing a Nigerian explaining how a piece of alien flesh cures STDs.    The best ones are scenes of the eviction, without any CG, showing Jason Cope, who plays Christopher Johnson, standing in for all the Prawns. For the ease of dialogue, he speaks in English, but his intonation and behavior is pure Prawn. And it's just hilarious, seeing him there, physically acting like a Prawn, and saying things that the Prawns say in English. The best one to me was when they caught him stealing televisions.    There's much documentaries covering the making of the film and its various aspects, and director commentary which is of great quality of information on the filmmaking and background of it, including background of Johannesburg.    Picture quality on the Blu Ray is perfect, as expected.
0385532458|4.0|It's easy to see why John Grisham's books are so popular as in this latest collection of short stories he takes us back to Clanton, Mississippi, Faulkner country, and its varied and always coloful characters. Some of these l2 stories are laugh-out-loud funny, some scarey, and some unexpectedly touching, but they all bear the stamp of a master storyteller. A real treat for the reader.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|This movie has a very \\"simple\\" plot that is easy to follow...but it is one of those \\"deep\\" movies that will make you cry...and laugh. Sandra Bullock is AMAZING in this movie! Will be one of my favorites for a long time!
B002I9Z8I0|1.0|What's wrong with this product?   so far I watche the motion picture known as star trek 1    and I seen things Missing and missing dialog and content.    If you have it on original and 25th aniv. VHS tape you will see the new boxed set DVD is a butchered messed up redo of the classic movie.    the scene with ilia and sulu and decker ont the bridge is missing. the trasporter scene with kirk asking the crew that beamed up what was the problem down there?    in referance to why Mccoy did not beam up.    to add more insults the audio was changed like when scotty talks to kirk abut the wormhole in the original it is scotty is loud and clear in the new one its low with echo.    the scene with ilea, mccoy, decker and chaple are also different and compaired to the clasic original movie and it is hacked up too.    and so is the scene where kirk is on the bridge and v-ger attacks earth and asks ilea why?    I lay odds- 20-1 that 2-6 are butchered too and 50-50 odds the other box set the next generation motion picture set is  no different.    when it comes to the new original box set for you clasic star trek fans if you have it on Vhs your better off copy it to dvd if you want to save your self money and heart break on movies that were butcherd and hacked up.      now i seen the star trek 3 and noticed the enterprise arival dialog wont play on my dvd but on when played on a portable the Enterprise arival is heard.    now with star trek 6 a part was cut out in the original vhs tape after scotty shoots the Klingon and the body was checked by a star fleet officer and warf the klingon lawyer he says this is not klingon blood then the mask in pulled and col. west was shown to be the sniper that scotty shot adding another member to the plot to keep peace from happening.    and the rescue plan scene also in star trek 6 was removed.  let me explain the missing clip as the three ambassidors are asked to leave 3 starfleet command officers enter adm. carthright  col west and another manand they lay out a rescue plan that is a full scale assult on the klingon home world     the starfleet academy bio's in the bonus sections are not worth the time to watch.
B000FBJAOG|5.0|I really liked this book.  It is a quick read and full of really funny ideas. If you are a fan of the zombie genre at all this book will make you laugh.  On the other hand it also is full of incredibly useful knowledge on how to fight a zombie takeover, some of which I have notated and will make sure to have with me when it finally happens.<br /><br />I read it over a year ago and plan on reading it again.
B000BP5V0S|5.0|This DVD is one of the best in the whole series of Wiener Philharmoniker New Year concerts. From the first piece you sense the special rapport established between the conductor and the orchestra and it continues throughout the whole concert.  In response to the other rewiever who cannot find the ballet programmes on the DVD, I should say that they are there and it is very clearly indicated once you put the DVD in your player...it asks you whether you want to watch the concert or the two ballets and the Mozart tour. If the second option is chosen this rewiever will be able to watch the ballets...[[ASIN:B000BP5V0S New Year's Concert 2006 / Mariss Jansons, Wiener Philharmoniker, Wiener Staatsopern Ballet]]
B0026P3G12|5.0|Loved the album.  It was even better than I thought it would be.  A great variety of songs.  And Susan sounds wonderful.
B001PR0YDA|5.0|This is a superb movie.  Robert Zemeckis, Jim Carrey, Gary Oldman, et al. give us a movie of \\"A Christmas Carol\\" that, while animated, demands to be seen with the same sophistication and maturity level as its live-action counterparts.    Actually, this reminds me of older Disney films, with the visual artistry of \\"Banbi\\" or \\"Peter Pan.\\"  In more modern times, Japanese anime seems to be a stylistic influence on this picture.  Jim Carrey is positively brilliant as Ebenezzer Scrooge, in addition to every ghost outside of Jacob Marley.  It is truly astounding how Carrey makes the viewer forget his claim to fame as a comedian and marvel at his vocal work, as he effortlessly runs a very wide gamut that puts him in company with the animation vocal artist masters.    Gary Oldman is also a standout vocally in three roles, as Bob Cratchit, Jacob Marley, and Tiny Tim.  As Marley, he is particularly impressive as a model of fierce repentance and conviction.      If you're a parent of a young child, please try to take the time to screen this in advance of them seeing it.  It is not geared for children, and does not make storytelling concessions for them.  Every child is different, but I am trying to give a fair warning.      This is a brilliant movie that does not sacrifice a mature Dickensian feel one bit.  It will probably be nominated for a Best Animated Feature Oscar, and I highly recommend seeing it.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|I bought this for my 8 year old son....he loves it, of course, but the case that it comes in is really cool.  It's not just an ordinary DVD case, it's more like a hardcover book with 4 DVD's inside.  Very cool.
B0026P3G12|5.0|When I need inspiration or peace I just put this cd on.  The musical arrangements are done so that her voice is the star.  I love the fact that in the booklet insert she has included what each song means to her.  This is a wonderful cd!  Different than when she sang on Britain's Got Talent, but more beautiful and more haunting.  I hope for many more cds from this talented woman.
B0025X4P56|4.0|Mark Oliver Everett, or just \\"E,\\" either suffers from a maddening case of unrequited love or morphs into that person with naturally. Either way, he is not keeping quiet about the myriad frustrations that accompany love on the Eels' short (around 42 minutes) but focused release \\"Hombre Lobo.\\"  He and his fellow conspirators Koool G Murder on bass and Knuckles on drums offer a collection of songs linked by theme and balanced by tone and energy. It seems almost that there is a yin-yang approach, a gruff, kick-ass tune counterbalanced with a heartsick ballad, all drenched in the madness of someone on a lonely quest seeking solace while howling under a full moon.<br /><br />In other words, this is good stuff, delivered with doses of gruff and grace (that fall between Tom Waits' orneriness and Joe Henry's textures.) The outstanding rhythm section keeps matters lively, allowing E plenty of room to unleash his deprived lone wolf persona however he sees fit. For the record, this is my first Eels' CD, and I look forward to exploring the earlier recordings in their discography.
B001OQCV2O|4.0|OK, not Academy Award acting. Not Academy Award Story. But what it is visually stunning graphics. I just get sick when i see all of these reviews regarding how lame the story is. You know what?, then write a better one. I loved this movie for it's special effects. Top notch! and i'm sure this movie will look awesome on my 60\\" Kuro and Klipsch surround system. That's all i have to say, except: \\"For you lamers who knocked it for its acting and story... Go watch \\"The English Patient\\" for the umteenth time!\\"
B002UJIY7A|4.0|I watched this last night at 2am but i was wide awake. The twist was good and perhaps not fully easy to realize. It took place in Hawaii which is always a nice change from same ole New York, though the movie was made elsewhere. I didn't know what to expcet but i wanted to see it. I liked it enough to want to watch it again. The charaters are interesting and who can you trust in this movie?
044654146X|4.0|Dan Senor and Saul Singer present some fascinating evidence as to why the Israeli economy is so successful despite having to spend such a a large percentage of GDP on defense and security and faced with an economic boycott from its neighbors.  This book is worth a read as is George Gilder's, \\"The Israel Test.\\"  For anyone interested in actualy investing in Israeli stocks, there is a no-load mutual fund, The American Israeli Shared Values Capital Appreciation Fund, that invests in many of the companies that Dan and Saul mention.  The Fund was up 43% in 2009.  Hopefully this book will get people to focus on Israel as a democratic and entrpreneurial island in a sea of ignorance and intolerance.  There are more aspects to Israel than history and controversy.  It is a miracle and thanks to Messrs. Senor and Singer for putting together this good book.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|This book was riveting and heart-touching. I found myself laughing, crying, and feeling anger. I would recommend it to anyone. The beginning is startling and has you interested immediately. I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did.
630521610X|5.0|\\"Scream\\" reinvented the horror genre upon its release in 1996. Scary films went to the wayside at the boxoffice by the late 1980's after films like \\"Halloween\\" and \\"Nightmare on Elm Street\\" made too many sequels that were badly written and poorly acted, and ultimately the audience didn't buy in to them. \\"Scream\\" was written by writer genius Kevin Williamson. The story is based in the fictional town of Woodsboro where murders are taking place with the killer making obsene phone calls (with his voice disguised) to his victims before killing them. The film is basically a whodunnit film and its up to the audience to decide who is the actual killer. The acting ensemble is filled with fresh and vibrant new faces who can actually act and the script is both brisk and surprising. You will be shocked at the surprise ending. \\"Scream\\" was a huge boxoffice hit and ultimately spawned two other sequels that were just as good as the original. Thankfully, the producers wisely stopped making any more sequels after the third installment reasoning that scripts would become tiresome and they didn't want to fall into the same mess that films like \\"Halloween\\" found themselves in after making too many sequels only for the sake of making money. Too bad the producers of the \\"Saw\\" franchise\\" would not follow suit! The DVD has special features including a featurette and interviews with the cast and crew on the making of the movie.
B000HT3Q3M|4.0|This is a very good CD with lots of other guest artists like Paul McCartney, Patti Austin, Jill Scott, Herbie Hancock, Stanley Clarke and others.  Smooth and mellow sounds like you could play in the car over and over.  Just a little uneven at some places or I would give it 5 stars.  It is a CD to enjoy.  RECOMMENDED
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|I bought this 4-disc combo pack over the holiday to watch with the kids when they came home to visit.  Well, never mind the kids, my hubby and I absolutely fell in love with this cute movie!  The storyline was great and the graphic was amazing!  I wasn't expecting to cry, either.  The last time I cried over a cartoon movie was Disney's Bambi.  Great movie all around. The bonus features on the DVD were also very interesting.  To think that the beautiful place where the story took place actually existed...<br /><br />Of the 4-disk that came in the pack, only the Digital Copy was in different color.  The other 3 were very similar.  The one that played in my DVD player was marked \\"Disney DVD\\" in rather small icon.  I wished the label was in a different color so as to distinguish it from the Blueray discs.  No biggie.  We all had a wonderful time.  Two thumbs WAAAAAY UP!
031606792X|1.0|Breaking Dawn is probably the worst book of the four, and that's saying something.  In fact, it's possibly the worst book I have ever read.    1) Inconsistency throughout the series:  Basically Meyer does this so that Bella can have everything she wants without sacrificing anything, and also, because it makes a much easier book to write.  Young vampires are supposed to be wild and uncontrollable, but Bella is in control of herself immediately because otherwise, the story would get complicated, and Bella might have to give up something, and not have a perfect ending.  Bella didn't want to get married, but the second she did, she was thrilled.  Along the same line, she had no desire to have a baby, but adored the idea immediately.    2) Bella gets everything she wants and gives up nothing: She gets a child, she gets Edward for eternity, she gets beauty, she gets to see her parents and Jacob immediately (because Meyer breaks the rules for Bella and so Bella is in complete control of herself as a young vampire).  But mostly, the thing that I CANNOT STAND about this book, is that Bella gets Jacob AND Edward.  Because Jacob imprints on Renesme.  Are you serious?  Renesme??  They named the baby Renesme!  And then Jacob imprints on her, so that whole issue with Bella-Edward-Jacob is just gone.  Perfectly resolved, without any pain or loss from anyone.  3) The \\"battle\\" with the Volturi: What battle?  They came, Bella saved the day (Bella?  She can't do anything), and then they left.  One minor character died.  Bella saved the day with her \\"force-field\\".  Throughout the first three books, Bella couldn't even keep herself alive, and now she saves everyone?  It was the definition of anti-climatic.    I apologize if this review is a little incoherent, but I can't think about Breaking Dawn without becoming angry at the poor quality of writing and taste shown by Stephanie Meyer.
B002RSDW80|3.0|I always gauge how good the movie was by my hubby's snores.  If he stayed awake throughout the movie, then the movie was good.  If he began to nod, then the movie was boring.  If he SNORED, then the movie was a bomber.  He didn't snored on this movie but he did begin to nod his head from the very beginning.  We both love Julia Child, so we looked forward to seeing this movie.  It didn't come out the way we expected.<br /><br />To make a movie about two women in two different period of time is a challenge to write and to direct.  Director Nora Ephron did her best to bring the two worlds together.  It didn't meld, however.  Something was lacking in this movie - a WOW factor.  It was interesting to see Julia Child as a young American woman in France and to see Julie Powell (who's book this movie was based on) as a young working wife from Queens.  Meryl Streep and Amy Adams were great, as was Stanley Tucci.  So the acting wasn't the problem.  I think the problem was in the screenplay.  It was too bland.  It needed more pizzazz.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, either.
0307266303|5.0|I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said here. This is simply a vividly told, engaging story that is a pleasure to read. The people in the story are brilliantly portrayed to the point where I cared about them, have become fascinated by them and admired most of them for loving to run and pushing themselves physically to what seems to me to be, ridiculous levels. Some interesting science is also added in along the way so it's more than just a great story but provides many ideas a health conscious runner/athlete can benefit from.
B002JWD6AS|2.0|The book was boring.  Wouldn't recommend it, pretty lame story line.  The character developement was scarce, left you feeling like maybe you missed something in the story line.  A WASTE OF TIME!
0307236722|5.0|Yes, I mean what I say in the review title, corny as it may sound.  I had never watched a Martha show or read a Martha magazine before receiving this book as a holiday gift.  My baking experience was limited to the Toll House recipe on the back of the gold grocery store bag of chocolate chips.  Then I moved from the big city, where great bakeries were an elevator ride away, to the mountains where the closest store required a 20+ mile drive.  It was either Pillsbury dough tubes for life, or teach myself to bake.  Within a year of receiving the book, I would have to agree with the reviewers who say it was like I went to pastry school. I just cannot believe how much I have learned and how much more I appreciate the art of baking -- honestly, until I had no choice but to learn, it was something I had never considered, but now I think we all owe it to ourselves to learn more about how our food comes together.  When you compare what McDonald's calls a \\"turnover\\" to the real deal made with Martha's puff pastry, you will want to weep.  The photos and explanations in the book made it easy even for a beginner like me.  I cannot say enough good things about this book.  As a final bonus, when the economy got worse, my baking skills have been helping me cut back on my grocery bill -- I can stock up on ingredients on sale or at the warehouse clubs -- I may pay one tenth the cost of retail for what I bake at home if I am careful, and the taste and quality are much better.
0679731369|5.0|Julian Barnes has written an immensely witty, erudite novel, in a tongue-in-cheek style, concerning his obsession with one of the greatest French novelists, Gustave Flaubert, whose most famous book was \\"Emma Bovery.\\"  As Barnes indicates however, it was \\"A Sentimental Education\\" that Flaubert considered his magnum opus. The `structure' of Barnes' novel, which is certainly an exaggeration for such a free-wheeling style, centers around the true identity of the stuffed parrot that Flaubert supposedly had on his desk when he wrote \\"A Simple Heart.\\" For reasons that did not seem to be particularly necessary, Barnes tells the story from the point of view of a widowed, retired doctor, Geoffrey Braithwaite, who is depicted to be 20 or so years older than Barnes, and who, among other aspects of his life, participated in the Normandy invasion. One chapter is a straight, 10-page, chronology of Flaubert's life. Another is entitled \\"Braithwaite's Dictionary of Accepted Ideas,\\" going from A-Z, with an entry for each letter, concerning some aspect of Flaubert's life. Another chapter concerns the musings of Braithwaite on a cross-channel ferry, and the nuanced differences between the French and the English. Barnes even structures one chapter as a school examination paper, in which the \\"student,\\" (i.e., the reader) is supposed to answer questions on Flaubert's life and works. Quite clearly, such a style did not work for many readers; however, it worked very well for me. I was particularly impressed by two chapters of  Barnes's, an imaginative description of the long-term affair between Flaubert and the much older Louise Colet, from her point of view, and the chapter entitled \\"A Pure Story,\\" on Braithwaite, and his philandering wife.<br /><br />Barnes' novel is short, at less than 200 pages, but so very rich in \\"take-aways.\\" Early on, he asks fitting questions that the novel pursues: \\"Why does the writing make us chase the writer? Why can't we leave well enough alone? Why aren't the books enough? Flaubert wanted them to be...\\" Barnes metaphors are fresh and evocative: \\"Isn't the most reliable form of pleasure, Flaubert implies, the pleasure of anticipation? Who needs to burst into fulfillment's desolate attic?\\" Observations: \\"And yet sometimes I wonder if the wittiest, most resonant irony isn't just a well-brushed, well-educated coincidence.\\" \\"The whole dream of democracy...is to raise the proletariat to the level of stupidity attained by the bourgeoisie.\\" And perhaps the ultimate observation, Barnes leaves it in French, and it purports to be about Braithwaite and his wife: \\"Les unions completes sont rares.\\"<br /><br />Literary references abound throughout. Flaubert was a friend with Georges Sand, and she supposedly said to him: \\"You bring them (the reader) desolation; I bring them consolation.\\" In the \\"Dictionary\\" chapter, Flaubert is described as the \\"pontoon bridge linking Balzac to Joyce.\\" Both Sartre and Nabokov pay more than their \\"passing respects\\" to Flaubert, and we even learn that the American writer, Willa Cather, discussed him with his niece, Caroline, when she was 84, in Aix-les-Baines, in 1930.<br /><br />We also learn that Flaubert contracted syphilis during his stay in Egypt (it seems that most 19th century writers contracted this disease, at a time when the only treatment was slow-poisoning by consuming mercury, which turned Flaubert's saliva black.) In the \\"Dictionary,\\" the Egyptian courtesan, Kuchuk Hanem, who gave him the disease, is defined, vis-&agrave;-vis, the Parisian poetess, Louise Colet: \\"Gustave had to choose sides between the Egyptian courtesan and the Parisian poetess - bedbugs, sandalwood oil, shaven pudenda, clitoridectomy and syphilis versus cleanliness, lyric poetry, comparative sexual fidelity and the rights of women. He found the issue finely balanced.\\"  Alas, such it the ying and yang of man.<br /><br />And the parrot?  Barnes uses the same technique, and returns to the subject at the end; as with so much that happened 150 years ago, it could have been this, or it could have been that, and we are left to pick the right one. Overall, Barnes has written an exquisite, insightful look into Flaubert, his times, his writing, and Barnes also looks at ourselves, and why we do what we do. Solid 5-stars.ld have been this, or it could have been that, and we are left to pick the right one. Overall, Barnes has written an exquisite, insightful look into Flaubert, his times, his writing, and Barnes also looks at ourselves, and why we do what we do. Solid 5-stars.
0316096199|5.0|Although the subject matter drew me to the book, I was quickly drawn in by Seebold's honesty about her self-image, her family dynamic and her inner strength cultivated from childhood. A wonderful read, from a truly open and uninhibited writer. No matter who you are, reading this book will give you something tangible to take away from your reading experience. Kudos to Sebold in harnessing her talent and memory to present this gift to her readers!
B000E1ZBGS|1.0|Okay, let's start with the positive when discussing the film: the cinematography really was quite nice, and the film has a lovely musical score. And... wait a moment, I've just run out compliments. In general, I thought this was a terrible adaptation of the Jane Austen novel. There were so many things wrong with it that I hardly know where to begin, and it would make tiresome reading if I were to list all of the film's faults. However, in brief...<br /><br />The film is hampered at the get-go by its very abbreviated running time of just over two hours. This is far too short to do the book any kind of justice, my opinion being that the best way to adapt classic novels on film is in the form of a television mini-series, where the producers can spend three, or four, or six hours to tell the story properly. Far too much material was condensed or cut entirely in this film, for it to be a satisfactory adaptation in any way.<br /><br />But that's just the beginning... another major problem is that nearly every character is portrayed in a way that is absolutely contrary to their personalities as depicted in the novel. Some examples... Mr Bingley, with his moronic grin, complete inability to carry on a simple conversation, and bizarrely wild hair-style, seems primed to take up the office of village idiot (that, or he may be slightly insane; either way, it's difficult to see why Jane admires him). Elizabeth comes across as rude and shrewish in several scenes, and Mrs Bennet (while dead common) appears to be a rather sensible and practical woman, instead of a featherbrain. Mr Darcy is melancholy and brooding, instead of proud and arrogant, and Mr Collins is dull and studious instead of obsequious and ridiculous. Miss Darcy is outgoing and vivacious instead of shy and retiring---etc., etc...<br /><br />Scenes containing important bits of dialogue have been transposed to incongruous locations that are ill-suited for the purpose, and there are many period details that are utterly incorrect. (Let's not even discuss the unattractive costuming; Keira Knightley goes through much of the film looking like she's wearing an assortment of ill-fitting sacks.)<br /><br />Okay, I guess you may have guessed by now that I really disliked this film! I'm frankly astounded by the fact that it has gotten a fairly positive response in general, with many people saying that it's a fine adaptation of the novel. I don't know how to respond to that attitude, other than to wonder if these people have actually read the book, or seen the film in question. I don't even recommend this one as a rental, unless one is determined to see every film adaptation of Pride and Prejudice that they can.ven discuss the unattractive costuming; Keira Knightley goes through much of the film looking like she's wearing an assortment of ill-fitting sacks.)    Okay, I guess you may have guessed by now that I really disliked this film! I'm frankly astounded by the fact that it has gotten a fairly positive response in general, with many people saying that it's a fine adaptation of the novel. I don't know how to respond to that attitude, other than to wonder if these people have actually read the book, or seen the film in question. I don't even recommend this one as a rental, unless one is determined to see every film adaptation of Pride and Prejudice that they can.
B002MW50KO|5.0|I've played this CD over and over and will be playing it for years to come. A truly sincere Christmas album combining traditional and iconoclastic. Even Bob's vocals are endearing. Who knew?
B001UV4XFG|5.0|The Twilight sage Eclipse book was really great. I couldn't put the book down for a second. I betting the movie will be really great too and a lot of people will go to see Eclipse Maybe 2 to 4 times. The cast will be really great and you will probably be on the edge of your seat the whole time you are watching the movie. And you might be on the edge of your seat when you read Twilight sage Eclipse Book.  you all will probably will read Twilght sage:Eclipse book over and over again. As you will probably see the movie over and over again too.  From:  Marlyn Long
6304696566|4.0|The Searchers( this is the 50th Anniversary 2 disc special Edition ) is an example of the great art of cinematography practiced by director John Ford. The scenes of Monument Valley where much of the filming was done are beautifully shown and the composition, camera angles and color and lighting are at times breathtaking. He was the genius that almost all say that he was. The story on the other hand is really not that great. in fact, i think it's rather ordinary. Indians burn down a homestead and kill all but 2 little girls. john Wayne and his posse go out looking for them. Eventually all but John and Marty give up. After five long years, he finds \\"debbie\\", portrayed by the beautiful Natalie Wood. At first, he wants to kill her because she's 'damaged goods' and then he sees the error of his ways. She at first does not wished to be rescued-and then she does. He brings her back and alls well that ends well. Indians are portrayed by Americans because 'thats the way we did it back then'. i see nothing too groundbreaking about the story. But the picture itself is gorgeous. it is worth seeing because of the classic John Ford style of directing. the actual story itself is not that great. jeffrey hunter plays Marty, his sidekick, and he's not very convincing. a young Vera Miles plays Marty's true love and she is quite good. Ward Bond portrays a Texas Ranger/preacher and he is so natural it's easy to forget he's acting. The Duke, well , he plays The Duke. not a great actor imho and if he says \\"that'll be the day\\" once, he says it 10 times. A bit too often. I much prefer Liberty Valance, the Ford-Wayne black and white relased 6 years later with a knockout cast, but that's another story.
0451228731|4.0|As you already know, the plot has a distributed computer system taking over the world - probably in a benign way. This also is a given in the excellent Neal Asher books, but in Daemon it is the point of the book. I don't think it is a particularly likely future because after 35 years as a programmer I know that the more complex something is, the less likely is it to go right the first time. Still, nothing in the book ever tripped my BS sensor - each piece of the action, considered separately, was perfectly reasonable. The characters were distinct and believable. By the end I was rooting for the machine to trash the government. The ending was kind of abrupt - it is obvious the story is continued in the next book - Freedom.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|Loved it.  I love the love story, I love the imagination, the planet the Navi.  I am not crazy about war movies but its not gore so I can handle these parts.  The creatures and imagination of the movie makers make up for it.  The Navi are beautiful and everything about them is unique and unlike anything I have ever seen in a movie.  I give this movie 5 stars, it is currently my favorite movie.
B000K7VHQ4|4.0|didnt know how the magic part would be, but it was pretty convincing, Ed did a great job..try \\"painted Veil\\" also
B000HCO83Q|2.0|I lurved the first two x-men movies, and I love the whole francise. What could go wrong?<br /><br />First of all, most of the new mutants introduced were pathetic, Juggarnaught didn't really work, angel existed just to swoop down and prove his father wrong, and that fast chic was just there to distract storm from the fact that she had no plot written for her.<br /><br />Really the problem is this movie was abandoned. The original X-men director went away to do Superman Returns (so he could film an actor who looked like Mr Rieves R.I.P lift things)<br /><br />Whoever the new guy just couldn't seem to create scenes that worked. Every poignant moment in the film felt rushed and the actors were about as emotional as sim's.<br /><br />I recommend watching X-2 twice instead of this
0937381888|5.0|An excellent book for any brewer at any skill level. The photos really help the first time brewer visualize their setup. Detailed \\"what to do in each case\\" studies cover problems faced by the more skilled brewer. The author is not afraid to make measurements of chemical properties, explain what's happening in each step, and go beyond recipes into the whys of each ingredient.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|First, if you have any interest in spectacle and special effects, it's definitely worth it to see it in 3D.  The effects are well done, realistic, sometimes exciting and often beautiful, and do gain a lot from the depth perception.  The glasses are light, no more distracting than lightly shaded sunglasses, fit over other glasses comfortably, and work.  In some places you can see it in an IMAX theater.  All the better with the larger screen and high resolution.<br /><br />Avatar combines the futuristic graphic novel feel and some themes of the director's earlier Aliens and Terminator movies with plot elements and more reflective themes paralleled in films like Dances with Wolves and The Mission.  A soldier is sent to a planet to help deal with the natives so mining can proceed and ends up being drawn to their way of life.  The rather big wrinkle is that he does so via an avatar, a bioengineered native body that he controls with his mind.  A further wrinkle is that he's paraplegic and his avatar isn't.  There's a central romance, a planet full of exotic beauty, American Indianish spirituality, lots of adventure, and a huge battle climax.<br /><br />It isn't all that deep intellectually or especially witty in dialogue, and it's predictable, but with the wonderful physical setting and archetypal themes, it still has a visceral impact.  I was into it the whole way.  It shows evidence of having been thought through very carefully.  Even though it's two hours and forty-two minutes long, everything fits well and has a purpose in the overall.  It went by pretty quickly for me.<br /><br />The acting is good.  The main good guy, Sam Worthington, is a bit like a young (but post-Disney) Kurt Russell.  The main bad guy, Stephen Lang, is impressively rugged, and threatens to steal all the scenes he's in.  Everyone fits their part well.<br /><br />The message, to the extent there is one, is mixed in the same way it so often is in violent movies with themes about higher spirituality.  It does satisfy some low blood lust on its way to the higher good.  It's clearly done with kids in mind, with some swearing but no sex.  The kids I know who have seen it have loved it, all teens though.<br /><br />If you have any inclination to see this, do it while it's still in theaters.  It won't be as overwhelming on the small screen.  Really, it's worth it in 3D.d lust on its way to the higher good.  It's clearly done with kids in mind, with some swearing but no sex.  The kids I know who have seen it have loved it, all teens though.    If you have any inclination to see this, do it while it's still in theaters.  It won't be as overwhelming on the small screen.  Really, it's worth it in 3D.
0786868724|4.0|This is a true account of two men of god who belong to different faiths,t yet have more in common than meets the eye. Albom was asked to write and deliver a eulogy for his Rabbi, who he really did not know well. So before the Rabbi's passing, Albom makes a deal to visit the Rabbi every so often to meet and talk. As the 8 years go on, he continues meeting with the Rabbi and also becomes acquainted with a Christian preacher whose church is going to pieces structurally, but its congregation has faith things with work out with time.<br /><br />Mitch Albom'a writing is so carefree and open. He's not afraid to write things that are truthful about us as people of faith and all humans. While this was not my favorite of Albom's book (For One More Day is) it still has a beauty of a message.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|The Clone Wars continue. Simply brilliant. A must have for all Star Wars fans. Great animation but the shape of Count Dooku's head isn't very well done. All parts are really exiting. It's worth buying. You won't be disappointed.
079073804X|5.0|they dont make horror films like this anymore, not for the children, but a must have for any horror collection
B0000AXE8I|2.0|Given the success of the first film, its hardly a surprise that a sequal was on its way. Its also hardly a surprise that the second film didn't live up to the first (its a common problem for them sequels)<br /><br />Of course, lacking the same world introduction, and character development of the first movie, Matrix Reloaded played like a comic book, a comic book with good special effects maybe, but a comic nonetheless.<br /><br />No number of twists, massive explosions or psuedo-philosophy could make this movie compare to the original.
B001N26GFC|4.0|This is not a perfect movie.  However, it's a very good one.  Not sure that I understand some of the negative reviews- If you want a typical movie with a \\"proper\\" plot and story arc, you never should have been looking at this one in the first place (stick with mainstream Hollywood!).      This is a character study and the primary character is an interesting and entertaining one.  Not as unrealistic as some seem to indicate either- I have known at least a couple people not too unlike Polly.  Incidentally, the story does depict a more serious side to her as well, so she is a bit more multidimensional than initially meets the eye (most of the scenes showing her teaching, dealing w/ the bully in particular, show she was fully capable of being a responsible adult/teacher).    As many have pointed out, including the director himself, the core of this movie involves the interaction between Polly and her driving instructor (Scott- played brilliantly by the very underrated character actor Eddie Marson).  It is worth watching this movie for the scenes involving these two alone.    Yes, the movie is more a series of vignettes rather than following a cohesive storyline.  However, they do work as part of a larger picture depicting the character of Polly.     Like all good movies, this one stuck with me for some time afterwards and I found myself enjoying it even more in watching it a second time.
B000000W5L|5.0|Everyone knows this is a great disc.  But by the rising prices for used copies, I'm not sure everyone knows there is a new version coming this year (supposedly early this year).  There is some sort of deluxe version in the works.  I think there will be multiple versions like a standard and a deluxe with outtakes, etc.   Bottom line, IT WILL BE IN PRINT AGAIN SOON, and it should be better than ever.
B001B6EAOY|5.0|I got this to put more memory in my camera and psp, and let me tell you, i got 2 8gb sd card on amazon for last the price of any 1 sony card.  I installed them into this adaptor and it works great.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|Hello fellow Austenites!  This is a review of the reviews of the new Emma with Romola Garai, which I just ordered.  I loved the reviews and I can't wait to watch it myself.  I now all the actors from previous works and the casting was brilliantly done, to say the least.  There is one comment about Gwyneth Paltrow's \\"fake British accent\\" which does not ring true.  Gwyneth Paltrow's British accent is not fake in any shape or form.  Gwyneth was raised by her mother,Blythe Danner,an excellent British actor in her own right.  Gwyneth's British accent is flawless, to say the least. You will read more from me after I watch the new Emma!
B00003CWRX|4.0|If you didn't get a chance to see The Insider back in 1999 when it came out, rent it today. The film has a stellar cast, including Al Pacino, Russell Crowe, and Chistopher Plummer, and it does an excellent job of depicting the personal sacrifices whistleblowers make when they stand up to corporations engaged in wrongdoing.    Russell Crowe plays Dr. Jeffrey Wigand, a biochemist, whose whistleblowing activities eventually led to the historic $368 billion settlement between the tobacco industry and the attorneys general of 40 states on June 20, 1997. Wigand served as Vice President of Research and Development for Brown and Williamson Tobacco Corporation from December 1988 to March 1993. During his time at Brown and Williamson, Wigand learned that the company enhanced the effect of nicotine in its products through the use of chemical additives. It also became clear to Dr. Wigand that the tobacco industry was deliberately misrepresenting tobacco as a non-addictive substance.    Brown and Williamson eventually fired Dr. Wigand, and it gave him a severance package and made him sign a non-disclosure agreement in the hope that he would keep quiet. However, in 1995, Dr. Wigand went public with his damning information about Brown and Williamson and the tobacco industry.    Dr. Wigand gave a deposition in 1995 for a lawsuit brought by the State of Mississippi against the tobacco industry for health care cost reimbursement. (Mississippi was the first in a long line of states to become involved in tobacco litigation). Later, in early 1996, Dr. Wigand was interviewed on 60 Minutes for what would become an enormously controversial segment. The interview did not air until 1999 due to various delays. CBS refused to broadcast it for several months because the network was concerned that Brown and Williamson would sue it for tortious interference. The network was afraid that Brown and Williamson would claim that CBS had caused Wigand to break his confidentiality agreement with his former employer by doing the interview.    The Insider does an excellent job of exploring the fallout from Wigand's revelations and its effect on his personal life. Wigand began to fear for his family's safety-justifiably-after receiving death threats. In one particularly chilling instance, someone left a bullet in Wigand's mailbox. This incident is depicted in the film with Crowe/Wigand opening his mailbox and bending down to look inside. A camera at the opposite end of the mailbox shows a bullet standing on its flat end directly on top of the mail, almost in silhouette against Wigand's face.  The threats eventually required Wigand to be guarded at all times by two ex-secret service agents.    Unfortunately, the stress surrounding Wigand's public disclosures ended his marriage. Wigand also experienced a big change in socioeconomic status after he was forced out of his lucrative tobacco excutive position and became a high school teacher. To add insult to injury, Brown and Williamson mounted a disgraceful smear campaign, complete with a 500-page dossier intended to portray Wigand as a liar. The dossier was given to The Wall Street Journal, which, after an investigation, found that many of the claims made against Wigand were \\"backed by scant or contradictory evidence\\" or \\"demonstrably untrue.\\"    After you've watched the film, visit Dr. Wigand's website to see what this famous whistleblower is up to now.    (written by The Qui Tam Team, [...])
B000YPUF9W|2.0|Resident evil originated from a survival horror video game, where unlike a first person shooter, the emphasis was on conservation of ammo, and puzzle solving.<br /><br />As the series progressed, say by RE Code Veronica, the creature designs got more and more interesting and the plots more enveloping.<br /><br />So did this translate to the last movie adaption?<br /><br />Instead we get a bizarre decision to make our main character Mila (who is hot at least) to develop increasingly powerful psychic abilities. Abilities that allow her to essentially destroy any number of baddies with a grimace.<br /><br />You don't need to have a literary degree to know that giving your good guy all the superpowers doesn't make for good movie watching.
0312330537|5.0|This sums up my opinion: THE best book I have ever read! Wonderfully narrated with descriptions that place the reader right there amidst all the action. Makes me want to visit Mumbai and all the places mentioned in the book. Written with honesty and emotion and an easy to read style that makes you want to carry on and on. I think only a mini series can do justice to this story and not a 2hr movie.
B002N8A14M|5.0|The reason I bought this product was because it was a case and an armband. The case is very solid and fits very well, but doesn't protect against rain if you run outside. The armband fits great, but could be a little big larger. Overall this product is a great buy!
B00003CXC6|5.0|Regardless of whether you are a serious movie goer or not, you MUST watch this.<br />Better watch it twice for better grip. Script is tight and the plot is simple but when we hear four different versions of a same incident from four different persons in the film, it is perplexing and even confusing. I watched this after a long time, still it was as fresh as when I watched it for the first time.<br /><br />The film on surface revolves around rather a simple incident of rape of wife of a samurai by a bandit and subsequent killing (or suicide?) of the samurai by the bandit. However beneath the visuals, it deals with something more fundamental and abstract - that is of our perception of truth. When we describe or tell something, we may deliberately tell a false. That is simple. But we may tell something, that we BELIEVE to be true, but we MAY BE wrong in our perception in the beginning. This is a second type of lie (or truth?). When the film ends after delivering one of the finest example of imagery even by today's standard, we are also puzzled - like the woodcutter and the priest - within this conflict of apparent and real truth. Enjoyable is also the Japanese version of Ravel's Bolero used in the background score along with the brilliant photography.<br />A MUST for everyone.
B00328R21C|5.0|Go to lego dot com and get this exact item for twenty-five dollars or about thirty dollars with shipping.  I don't know what this listing is all about, but it is three times the price that Lego charges from its own webstore. (Note that when this review was written the item listed here for seventy-five dollars.)
B001GCUO1Q|4.0|As mentioned elsewhere I love X-men, so its probably no surprise that Wolverine is my favourite.<br /><br />I had very high hopes for this film so I purposefully steeled myself against being disappointed.<br /><br />Still by the time I re-watched it on DVD I realised I didn't like this movie so much. It is alot better than X-3 and generally a decent action movie, but there were some decisions that reduced the movie to just good rather than mind-blowingly awesome.<br /><br />The movie just got too big, to stratospheric. I all happens when Gambit appears (well mostly, Wolverine does jump a helicopter earlier on)<br /><br />gambit starts out cool, he blows wolvy through a wall with his card thing. Then all of a sudden WTF, HES CLIMBING THE WALLS WITH SPARKLY STICKS? And does some for of Dragon ball Z slam blowing up half the area.<br /><br />Then he disapears for a while only to return to do some more leaping blowing up tricks. In amongst Deadpool bringing down a massive chimney its all getting to be too much. Wolverine is a close-up guts and glory character.<br /><br />In this movie when hes being skimming across the water, or blending a fire-escpae (possibly the worst scene in the film) it feels like we're watching the stupid man's version of wolverine.<br /><br />Here's hoping the sequal delivers, otherwise I'll just have to watch x-2 again
B002P7UCMC|5.0|What I need for a Rammstein feast is all here:  raw masculinity, humour ranging from the sly to the anvil-dropping-on-our-heads, biting rage, melancholy, yearning, and ebullience.  The gamut, that is, and delivered with the drama and energy that always help me keep going, no matter how wearying my day.  Above all, I am grateful for the coherence of their material:  coiled lyrics that reward close attention, vocals that roar and coax, and brazen, unflinching music, all of it as complicated, varied, and engaging as life.      At present (I got the deluxe CD for my birthday, and have listened to it for about a week), my favorites are the terrific anthem \\"Haifisch\\" and \\"Ich Tu Dir Weh\\", that soaring, searing ode to the brutal and seductive id.    For the record, I don't consider this an \\"all ages\\" album myself, chiefly because I think one needs adult experience fully to appreciate the aggrieved humanity at the heart of some of their darkest material.  \\"Wiener Blut\\" is an outstanding example of the band's ability to invoke both the menace of a tormentor and the dread of a victim.     \\"We play by the rules if you let us make `em.\\"   Go right ahead, fellas, and thanks.    [By the way, just so you know, my husband purchased the CD from Amazon on his account.  I wrote the review under my own account.]    Addition:  Having listened to this CD set for ten months now, my attention lately centers on \\"Wiener Blut\\" and  \\"Waidmann's Heil\\".  These are such daring songs:  in \\"Wiener Blut\\", for instance, we are the ones being cajoled into making outrageous concessions to the authority figure, letting him persuade us that the danger is outside, rather than here in our yielding to him.  It is so well structured and delivered that we are forced to face how difficult it would be to resist:  where does choice end and coercion begin?  For me, the result is a mixed horror and deep pity, for both the predator and the victim.    In \\"Waidmann's Heil\\", again, the predation is obvious and personalized, and an instant of pity (though there is no mercy offered in either of these songs) breaks through the ferocity in the last stanza...before the victory roar, which is both exultation and warning.   I hear terrorism being addressed in it, on one of its levels, in addition to the red-in-tooth-and-claw picture of a state of nature.  (\\"But what about sex?\\" \\"Yes, of course, it's Rammstein, for Pete's sake; don't be tiresome.\\")    Another addition:  this album is still wearing well for me, and still lends me energy when I'm worn out.  Also, I am pretty sure the other reviewers are underestimating \\"Pu#&y\\".  It's about Europe (on one of its levels).  Read the news and you'll get it.
B002LL13AM|5.0|If you ask me for THE `Well-tempered Clavier' experience, I would reply that Friedrich Gulda's reading used to be my ONLY experience.  Not even Glenn Gould or Sviastolav Richter, let alone Hewitt.<br />For Gulda, his exquisite clarity, no-nonsense approach really set THE standard for these works for decades.<br /><br />Here, like Gulda, Pollini's set really makes rubato a cheap trick. If Glenn Gould sounds dreamy while Gulda hits every note right on the head, Pollini never wastes a single note for expression. What makes Gulda's 48 less than ideal for a BEGINNER is how extreme it can be in all other dimensions while retaining those fixed tempi. Pollini's set has this concern done away with - he allows the music to breathe, though his tempi again are metronome-like strict. If it is strange that Gulda's strict tempi never sounded one drop robotic, Pollini's tempi achieved a virtual miracle.<br /><br />You might say that Pollini comes out in a sense very unlike Gulda, yet on the other hand very much like Gulda's. Both pianists' Well-tempered Clavier make you think vertically, as much as some of the other great performances make you think thematically or horizontally, like Kempff or Fischer. While Gulda's has occasional aggressiveness and dryness, Pollini's succeeds in avoiding that little short-coming. His is pure elegance and beauty of tone, without a trace of mannerisms that beset the otherwise sterling sets of Angela Hewitt or Sviastoslav Richter.<br /><br />Gulda's set has him humming if listened very carefully, so is Pollini's.  There is absolutely nothing to be bothered about in both recordings.<br /><br />In short, Pollini leaves me marvelled that after listening to Gulda's exalted version for years, there could come at this recent time another at least equally good version.
B0029XZODY|5.0|We are big fans of Dexter and love this movie.  I actually bought this for my son who is a bigger fan than my husband and I.  Great movie.!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This is an excellent series.  The acting, staging and photography are really well done.  The period is not portrayed as another Camelot. Every one should see it see it.
B002VKE1K2|4.0|Not really sure why anyone rated this movie poorly.  Yes, the ending is the best and scariest part, but the set-up is just as important.  I guess we live in an age where \\"something\\" needs to happen all the time in a movie or else it's considered boring.  I'm sure those who think so would also find most black and white movies boring too.  If you really want to enjoy this one, it's not just about purchasing a ticket but being willing to go on the ride.  The ending is frightening exactly because the first part of the movie is so \\"normal life\\".  They lull you into a sense of the common place and show a real relationship.  After finding out what happens to this couple, it is even more disturbing the second time around to see the impending doom that neither can contemplate.  What's more scary, a 1001 syfy horror movie special effects - or a real door, in real life, slamming shut in the night...for real?!
B002PQ7JQK|4.0|I'm a Trekkie but I've always had a hard time watching The Original Series. The campy dialogue, cheesy action, and 60s-era special effects might be tolerable for those who watched this show when they were younger and feel a sense of nostalgia towards it, but I'm not one of those people. I grew up on the original Star Wars Trilogy, Tron, Terminator, Star Trek The Next Generation, Deep Space 9, the TOS movies, etc. Making it through just the core episodes like 'Space Seed' and 'Mirror Mirror' of TOS always felt like a chore, until now. I've been much more forgiving towards the TOS with the Blu-Ray edition. While the stories, acting, and dialog are unchanged, the exterior shots, backgrounds, and some screen displays along with the hi-def picture and sound are very well done. They did as much as they possibly could do to appeal to a more modern audience and I think they succeeded.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|My husband bought me \\"Star Trek\\" in BluRay for Christmas.  Why?  Because I'd gotten it through Netflix previously and had actually watched the movie twice.  You may not think that's significant, but here's why it is:  I am not a Trekkie.  Sure, I enjoyed some of the more recent \\"Star Trek\\" incarnations, but growing up it was a total yawn when my dad turned on the old ones from the 60s.    With Blu Ray, the picture is so much better.  I really felt like I had a better viewing experience with the BluRay than I would have ever had on a DVD.     Other reviewers have commented on the plot so I won't rehash that other than to say that one of the big draws for this movie for me was learning how the relationship between Jim, Spock and Bones developed, as well as Kirk's early interractions with what would be his crew in the future.  I really enjoyed that back story and I hope you will too.
1580493866|5.0|The Hound of the Baskervilles, by A. Conan Doyle<br /><br />Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson discuss what can be deduced from a walking stick left behind by a visitor. When the visitor returns he tells of the old legend about the hound of the Baskerville family, and how Sir Charles Baskerville died recently. Dr. James Mortimer found the footprints of a gigantic hound twenty yards from the body! There have been sightings of a huge hound on the moors at night. A new heir, Sir Henry Baskerville, arrives from Canada to take over the Baskerville property; he is the last of the line. Will he meet the same evil fate? Holmes makes an appointment to meet Sir Henry the next day. Holmes peers over the Ordnance map of that area. Has any crime been committed (Chapter 3)? Sir Henry tells of a warning letter sent to his hotel; who knew he was there? Why would anyone steal just one of his new boots? Would anyone follow Sir Henry? Dr. Watson will accompany Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall; there is less danger in a small village than in London. Dr. Watson must keep his revolver near and never relax his precautions (Chapter 6).<br /><br />The moor country is described as wild and sparsely settled. Dr. Watson reports his observations of the people who meet with Sir Henry. Watson sees the dangers of the great Grimpen Mire when a pony is caught in a bog and killed. There are stone huts from prehistoric man. Watson meets Stapleton the naturalist and then his beautiful sister (who tells him to go back to London). Stapleton had once been a schoolmaster (Chapter 7). Watson sends letters to Holmes in London (Chapter 8). Mr. Frankland has a passion for litigation. He also observes the country with a telescope on his roof. Why was Stapleton so angry (Chapter 9)? What was the secret of the Barrymores? Watson meets Laura Lyons and hears her secret story (Chapter 11). What did she hold back? Mr. Frankland observed the stone huts. Then Watson hears a terrible scream from the moor (Chapter 12). Holmes has the solution to a cold-blooded murder, but lacked definitive proof. Holmes studied the portrait of the wicked Sir Hugo. Then plans are made for the night's activities. Will an unexpected fog create a complication? Holmes, Watson, and Lestrade rescue Sir Henry from a murderous fate. The villain escaped to a hiding place on the moor, but justice wasn't cheated. Chapter 15 ties up the loose ends.<br /><br />This may be the most popular of Doyle's four Holmes novels. It does not involve a religion, a company town, or imperial looting. Did Doyle implicitly criticize a hereditary aristocracy that passed down evils to each generation? The character traits of the villain seem like those in true crime stories. Inheritance through murder has inspired other stories (\\"The List of Adrian Messenger\\"). There is one flaw in this story. How could the purchase of food for a giant hound be kept secret? Sherlock Holmes could question the grocers and butchers in the area to find the owner of that giant hound.. Holmes has the solution to a cold-blooded murder, but lacked definitive proof. Holmes studied the portrait of the wicked Sir Hugo. Then plans are made for the night's activities. Will an unexpected fog create a complication? Holmes, Watson, and Lestrade rescue Sir Henry from a murderous fate. The villain escaped to a hiding place on the moor, but justice wasn't cheated. Chapter 15 ties up the loose ends.<br /><br />This may be the most popular of Doyle's four Holmes novels. It does not involve a religion, a company town, or imperial looting. Did Doyle implicitly criticize a hereditary aristocracy that passed down evils to each generation? The character traits of the villain seem like those in true crime stories. Inheritance through murder has inspired other stories (\\"The List of Adrian Messenger\\"). There is one flaw in this story. How could the purchase of food for a giant hound be kept secret? Sherlock Holmes could question the grocers and butchers in the area to find the owner of that giant hound.
B000000OQF|2.0|The rating is for the CD sound quality , which is lousy. Way overdue for a reissue. Get with it UMG !!!
B002ELM5HY|5.0|Mark Knopfler has been treating us to some of the very best guitar work since the late 70's. This is one of his best recent albums. Excellent selection of ballads, (read the liner notes.) Sonics are superb. Glad he built his own studio. He just keeps getting more refined, it's amazing. If your emotions aren't moved by the last track you should see a therapist! If he can give us another decade I'll die happy!
B002VPE1AM|3.0|If someone wants to learn how to write a screenplay, i would say to study James Cameron's scripts. In terms of structure and dialogues, he's a true teacher. Not a Master. A teacher. When you listen to him in his DVD documentaries, you always learn something about story telling. And if you want to practice on your characters, he's the one to learn from as he always uses great, big archetype characters.     Archetype characters which in turn can bother other viewers for it makes for a very simple story line. Good guys. Bad guys. And the bad guys will die bad guys. Black and white.    That is the ONLY part of \\"Avatar\\" i didn't enjoy. The simplicity of the charcters. Not the obvious story line, mind you. Just the characters. There's nothing wrong with a simple story. After all, as a child, you always want your parent to read you the same old story as it is comforting. Sometimes, it's fun to watch a good old love story where you know how it's gonna end and that-you-want-it-to-end-that-way. But one-dimensionial characters can easyly get boring after a while. And Cameron's movies tend to last long. Not long in a bad way, though. But long enough that the characters are becoming a bit too simple.     But in terms of special effects, music, rythm of the scenes, logic of the script and emotion, this movie is truly a unique experience. To destroy this film is to be condescending. I don't think this should be nominated for BEST movie of the year but it is definetly a great entertaining work of art. You come out of it knowing that you've seen Cinema change. Like seeing \\"Star Wars\\" back in 1977. Or \\"Terminator 2, Judgment Day\\" in 91. Even \\"Jurassic Park\\" in 93. History has been made. We're starting to get use to it with James Cameron.     But i don't see why he insists on giving us one-dimensional characters. It's frustrating cause it undermines his movies in a way that it keeps them from being truly memorable. And he has clearly a superior intelligence. Listen to him for christ'ssake! He's a teacher.     And you know he can write a good story with great characters. To this day, i still think that \\"The Abyss\\" was his best film. His most personal one. Of course, Ed Harris has something to do with it but still, i've never seen a superior Cameron film.     \\"Avatar\\" is a GREAT experience that you sould not miss. It is not a great film but it is a GREAT piece of entertainment. The \\"Where-were-you-when-it-came-out\\" kind of experience.     It's funny but my favorite part is the... end. When, along with the music, we see the aliens implore Mother-Nature and the hero open his eyes (like in the beginning - i told you: teacher as far as structure goes) in his avatar body and the title fills the whole screen. \\"AVATAR\\".
B001C48EF6|5.0|I didn't know anything about Queen Victoria and Prince Albert before watching this film (and actually didn't care) so this review if based purely on entertainment value.  I just really love period films so when I saw the trailer and good reviews, I ran to see this.<br /><br />The film focuses on Victoria's eventual accession to the throne and her first years as queen.  Despite her inexperience, she wholeheartedly tries to reign as best she can while contending with self-serving advisors and her own insecurities.  Interwoven throughout the film, though, is the love story between Victoria and Albert.  They know and acknowledge that their meeting had been manufactured for the sake of politics. This meeting, however, leads to a friendship that blooms into real love.  It's one of those films that leave you in that lovely agony over whether or not they are really going to get together in the end even though you already know what's going to happen.<br /><br />Overall, this film is beautifully done. I can't wait for this one to come out of DVD in the U.S.
B002T9H2L0|3.0|As one sympathetic to the German side of WW2, I'm not sure how I feel about this movie.  I generally like Tarantino movies, and this is certainly a Tarantino styled movie.  Dialogue heavy, but it really helps you get to know the characters.  Then sudden explosions of brutal violence.  There is a lot of reading to do unless you are fluent in French, German, and Italian!  I'd say a third of this movie is in one of those languages.<br /><br />I don't know the philosophical intent of this movie, or what Tarentino's purpose of the movie was.  But here are some thoughts:<br /><br />1. Opening scene.  In Nazi occupied France, a squad of German soldiers search a farmer's house for a family of Jewish farmers thought to be in hiding since the invasion.  Jewish farmers.  Yes, Jewish farmers.  Not lawyers, bankers, or merchants.  Things weren't much different then as today, and the percentage of Jews that are farmers is quite low.  Way low.  Way less than their 1-3% population.  This was an unlikely scenario from the beginning.  The surviving daughter is blonde.  Blonde.  A blonde Jew!  Again, another highly unlikely event.  Not that there are no blonde Jews; they have interbred throughout their history with their host nations.  But by and large, they have dark hair.  Two unlikely coincidences in one scene.<br /><br />2. Next scene.  A group of Jewish soldiers are formed with the intent to hide in German Occupied France and kill Nazis.  Once again, their ranks amongst American soldiers was far less than their 1-3% of the population.  By and large they were in college, and remained in college.  I suppose they could have scrounged up 8 or so for the mission.  No blondes this time!  (note: Brad Pitt's character is NOT Jewish).<br /><br />3. \\"Inglourious basterds\\".  In the most heartbreaking scene of the movie, the \\"Bear Jew\\" stands over a stout POW German commander who refuses to disclose the location of another squad.  Even upon threats of having his head bashed in with a baseball bat he respectfully refuses.  The Bear Jew asks, as he touches the German's Iron Cross medal with his bat \\"you get that for killing Jews?\\".  The German looks the Bear Jew in the eyes and replies \\"For courage\\".  The Bear Jew immediately beats the German to death.  This German indeed showed the most courage I've ever seen on film, knowing he would die as he respectfully resisted his enemy.  Guess his boss was right.  Truly a gut wrenching scene.  This is something that I noticed about the movie: The Jews are indeed portrayed as inglourious basterds: ruthless, treacherous, and cowardly.  You don't see that often on film.  The Germans on the other hand, are professional, intelligent, organized, motivated, and above all courageous.  Except Hans Landa's last scenes (but in the 1st scene he does tell us that he thinks like a Jew!).<br /><br />Of course the movie has an unfortunate fantasy ending but what did you expect!?  The real ending wasn't much better,<br /><br />I don't know if I love this movie or hate it.  I suppose I love parts and hate parts.  Therefore, 3 stars.<br /><br />About the Blueray: It looks fabulous!!!The Bear Jew asks, as he touches the German's Iron Cross medal with his bat \\"you get that for killing Jews?\\".  The German looks the Bear Jew in the eyes and replies \\"For courage\\".  The Bear Jew immediately beats the German to death.  This German indeed showed the most courage I've ever seen on film, knowing he would die as he respectfully resisted his enemy.  Guess his boss was right.  Truly a gut wrenching scene.  This is something that I noticed about the movie: The Jews are indeed portrayed as inglourious basterds: ruthless, treacherous, and cowardly.  You don't see that often on film.  The Germans on the other hand, are professional, intelligent, organized, motivated, and above all courageous.  Except Hans Landa's last scenes (but in the 1st scene he does tell us that he thinks like a Jew!).    Of course the movie has an unfortunate fantasy ending but what did you expect!?  The real ending wasn't much better,    I don't know if I love this movie or hate it.  I suppose I love parts and hate parts.  Therefore, 3 stars.    About the Blueray: It looks fabulous!!!
0061914177|5.0|I have been watching what Garry has been doing for only a few weeks what the book was released.  I am looking for a change in occupation and am looking at how to monitise my passion - which is also about wine, particularly McLaren Vale Wine (South Australia).  The book is clearly written and is not full of fluff - just providing an outline on what tools and methods Garry has used.  I could not put this book down and I have subsequently re-read many chapters.  The information has been so useful that I have incorporated a number of the directions, lessons and tools into my business model.  I am about to embark on a internet wine sales concept where I market wines from small producers in McLaren Vale in a 6 wine tasting pack - called the Backyard Shed Cru.  I have no marketing budget - but using social media to \\"Crush\\" my personal brand called the Lonely Grape.  This book has helped the process - in no small way with my confidence to say that this stuff works, just look at what Gary Vaynerchuck is doing!  I would love to chat with you - maybe drop into [...].
B0025KVLT2|5.0|Masterfully redone. Only wish they made a 24/96 version available. For a CD this is how it should be.
B001MYIXAC|1.0|I have been a vampire movie junkie since before it was popular again so I have seen nearly of the ones out there, both domestic and foreign, which also include the worst \\"B\\" movies of all time (Jesse James meets Dracula, etc.) and I must say without a doubt this is the worst vampire movie I've ever seen.  Ok, I'll give it one or two points for creepiness, but the scenery is ugly, the sets unimaginative and no magnetism from the vampires at all.  To me a vampire movie is sucessful if you feel some type of \\"pull\\" from the main character - this one did nothing but push me away.  I'm sure some people may like it, but not this one.  Such a waste of two hours.
0385495323|5.0|This book has captured everything about Cryptography - past, present and developments taking place for future use. It makes amply clear need of good encryption mechanism especially in information age. Two points, which I found very useful, are:    1) Algorithms can be broken in a radically different and un-expected way. For example just by looking at rate of occurrence of characters in a plain text, substitution cipher was broken. This highlight need for out of box thinking.     In contrast, natural language of tribal people used by USA in Second World War instead of mechanized encryption turned out to be difficult to break.    2) Al least one way exists to safely encrypt/decrypt data. Use different random numbers to encrypt/decrypt each character of data using simple substitution cipher mechanism. Practical complexity is another thing but fact that such logic exists makes me feel good.
B001GCUO4S|4.0|Although this entry is the shortest, that's not a problem for me. The real issue is at least two survivors are impossible to like, so the director kills them off rather quickly-what's the complaint, I don't have one, ha!  First, there was the plane explosion, then there was the pile-up, followed by a roller-coaster disaster, now we have a race car track catastrophe. My biggest question is, what can they do next? The answer, alot! I don't want this franchise to end just yet. The critics totally missed the point of this series, it was far more original than any 'slasher film' I've ever seen, and I've seen my share of good and bad. My attitude with this series is: you aren't dealing with a knife-carrying psycho just out to kill people, with this series, you have more to work with, so please, a message to the creators, don't stop here!
B0025KVLTM|5.0|Seriously, how did they do it? CD is superb, the way it should be. Still wish they made a 24/96 version.
B001E7OO2I|5.0|This album is not a guilty pleasure but one that you enjoy over and over again. The variety of songs, the musical arrangements, vocals, guest artists make this CD a great one. Listen to the CD as a whole and you will be surprised by the range  and musical competency of the artist. It is one of the best of the year!
7119005901|4.0|I just want to offer my opinion about this edition (the 4 volume box set printed in 1994 [I believe it is 1994]).  The story itself is a fantastic, engaging read.  The language is fluid and I am finding that it is a lot less dry than I expected and so it is very easy to get through the book.<br /><br />Deciding which edition to purchase was my biggest problem, but so far, I have no issues with this one.  While I read some reviews about spelling errors--and indeed they do exist--they are not at all frequent and detract little from the story.  I also read that the characters names occur in three forms, creating much confusion.  Again, I find this to be untrue.  In fact, the narrative will often clearify who is who for the reader so you are not pondering over names the whole time.  Sometimes a character will be referred to in their style.  I don't know what that means in Chinese (it's probally in the footnotes somewhere), but the style is seperate from the surname and given name.  Most characters styles are never used, except upon introduction, so it's no issue.<br /><br />My advice to the reader who has never encountered the story (I have played the games and done some preliminary research on the era) is to read up a little on the history of the time.  Start with the end of the Han through the Three Kingdoms period and this will at least give you a foundation for what is going on.  It will also familiarize you with some of the names and the important players who ruled at this time.<br /><br />The only thing this edition could use are some good maps.  Being that it is a box set, a few seperate inserts that can be referanced along side the books would be great, but they dont have them, so what can you do.<br /><br />Overall, I am not at all dissapointed and highly recommend the Chinese Classics edition for the serious reader.
B00275EGX8|1.0|The concept of the rebel bomb squad technician who just doesn't follow army rules/regulations or a chain of command is ridiculous.  (It reminded me of Keanu in Speed.)    The main character put everybody in a one-mile radius in danger for 90 minutes.  At one point in the movie, he doesn't want to wait for the cavalry to arrive after a bombing, so he runs around downtown Iraq to catch the bad guys...and gets his partner caught/shot, cant remember which.  Army of one...    This movie must have been accuracy-checked by a 12-year-old because he had played all the Call of Duty games.    On the other hand, the cinematography was great!  I have to give them that.  Entertaining, but a wholly ridiculous movie.
0061767581|3.0|This was a cute, simple read, and I enjoyed it. I'm sure as Lauren continues, her writing will improve, but until then, give her a break people.
1598560514|5.0|I actually have yet to read this book, but I bought a copy for my husband and one for his brother as well this Christmas. My husband (a recent graduate from a Christian college, now doing grad studies) couldn't put it down and kept reading quotes to me from the book. Within a week my brother-in-law (a Bible student in college) had read the book twice and said it was even better the second time through! Now they are both wanting to read more of Chesterton's work! I will have to read it soon!
B002FL3JA0|3.0|I have many different physical real books, and when I saw the kindle edition I decided that it would be handy to keep around; what could be better than a really lightweight version of the book?    This does have a problem, though; the table of contents does not properly link to the songs within the book. This means that to move from song to song, one has to page through the book one screen at a time; definitely not fast enough for real work. It's still handy for occasional reference, but I won't be able to use it as a substitute for a physical real book any time soon.    If you already own a physical one, then this could be OK for reference work. As your only version of the real book, though, it won't do the job.
B002RKXO6S|3.0|Bon Jovi is one of those bands that were at their peak in the `80s and are still managing to release platinum-certified albums some twenty years later. But that luck also comes with a price: people will listen to their newer stuff and then get mad because it doesn't sound like their older stuff. This is something negative reviewers don't seem to understand: Bon Jovi is not going to make another [[ASIN:B00000I07P Slippery When Wet]], nor should you expect them to. That was in the past; leave it there. Anyway, now it's time for the band's latest offering, The Circle.<br /><br />I don't think \\"We Weren't Born to Follow\\" is a bad song, but there are better songs than that, especially the next two singles: \\"When We Were Beautiful\\" and \\"Superman Tonight\\". And \\"Fast Cars\\" (which sounds a little like Matchbox Twenty's \\"If You're Gone\\") is passable. That's about it, though, because the rest of the songs don't really sound a whole lot different from each other, and keep-your-head-up songs like \\"Learn to Love\\" and \\"Work for the Working Man\\" don't exactly have the most innovative lyrics.<br /><br />You can still tell The Circle is a Bon Jovi album, and it's nice to listen to, but there really isn't anything mind-blowing here. B.I.F.<br /><br />Anthony Rupert
0786868724|5.0|This was a very inspiring little book that looks at two very different men's approach to faith.  One, a rabbi who is coming to terms with the end of his life, and the other a former criminal turned pastor who strives for redemption and gives hope to his community.  I adored Rabbi Albert Lewis and his stoic optimism; he was insightful and endearing, lending a wisdom representative of his faith and age.  He knew what mattered in life and appreciated every small moment while maintaining his relationship with God and the long-honored traditions of Judaism.  Reverend Henry Covington's motives were considerably different than the Rabbi's.  I found it interesting that he thought the atrocities and sins he committed as a younger man were so great that whatever good he did going forward, they would never cancel out his past and he would not achieve salvation.  He seemed to have missed out on the fundamental message of Christianity in its emphasis of forgiveness, yet he inspired so many and made such huge contributions to his community.  Both of these men were selfless and left me with a feeling of hope.  I also must mention that Albom's writing is as engaging as his subjects.
0061914177|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo28V44ZMG1KTM0]]A video review by Linda Rihani with Baby To Be TV! This is a product of having a mentor like Gary V!
B000R7I3LY|5.0|Sara's voice doesn't have that thirteen year-old pop sound that has been adopted in all genres of music. I appreciate that her voice sounds young and mature, and that the entire CD has an upbeat feel to it. This is a CD one can listen to several times over before needing to move onto the next album.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|I'm actually shocked to see the negative reviews for this film, as if people either are not sci-fi lovers, do not appreciate a very different kind of alien film and simply expected the usual extraterrestrial flick that has the same kind of plot with alike ending.<br /><br />Hats off to the writers that came up with the story line, making it a unique alien movie. It does not take place in New York or in outter space or in a different planet and how the movie develops will grasp your attention even more. What started off as one thing takes a complete turn around and the fun begins from there. What also separates this film from others with the same content is that us humans are the real bad guys, but it doesn't tell you that right away. It will reflect in many ways our true side of how hungry us humans are for science and technology growth and how we will do anything to get to that destiny. You will actually feel sympathy for the 'prawns' through out the movie.<br /><br />As for the cast, I was very pleased with Sharlto Copley's performance. This man should get at least a nomination for his portrayal of Wikus, the main character.<br /><br />No complaints for the special effects either. Even though this was not a high budget film it was very well made and achieved.<br /><br />I recommend this movie to anyone, even if they're not into sci-fi. Definitley one of the best movies of 2009
B002RI9ORI|4.0|good book, well written and interesting, not  quite as entertaining as Freakonomics for instance but good.    It focusses more on medicine, drug companies and public health issues than every aspect of science but that does not spoil it. It also gets more interesting in the second half of the book.
B001NESPHC|5.0|This CD was well done from start to finish. It is elegant, beautiful, and fun to listen to. It is absolutely perfect for those nights when you need to wind down from the day and be reminded that there is still beauty in left in the world. When I looked through the lyrics, I was surprised to find that she sings and writes these songs...something we see very little of today. Melody is a talented artist and I am looking forward to hearing more of her work. This was the first CD of hers that I've purchased and it was an experimental buy. I am delighted to report that this experiment was a big success!
B002RVZV9U|5.0|I loved this movie even as I agree with some of the negative comments.   My fav moment is when Page pulls the Link Wray Rumble single out and almost cries when it starts up. A tribute to the greatness that is Link Wray and a big kudo to the director for putting in the footage Of Link Wray playing. This glimpse of Page and his enthusiasm was unexpected and showed up several times and humanized him for me.    I thought there was a great balance between the individual stories and the time together. Each of the players showed their personalities. Ultimately each could be a movie in themselves. Jack as the young gun, overly self conscious at times and a mad genius when playing. His playing the records by The Flat Duo Jets and Son House show his respect for his influences and I totally disagree with the reviewer who says he ripped them off. Page ripped off more riffs than any other rock guitaist alive, but it doesn't make him any less great. When you really think about it The Edge may be the only one truly doing something unique here by not playing the white boy blues.     Bonus Clips are almost better than the movie. Kashmir and Seven Nation Army are both great. I loved the concentration on everyones face as they put it together. I definately felt the chemistry between Jack and Page. Both were very quick to pick up the others songs. It shouldn't be a surprise because of Page's session man background and Jack constantly collaborating with others. This was where The edge seemed out of his league. Anyone who can't hear the Zep influence in Jack's playing is not listening very hard. I always think people who liked Zep should like the White Stripes, but from a look at these reviews I see it's a pipe dream. The White Stripes are agrressive, raw, primitve and all over the place. Blues dragged through punk rock and self indulgent as hell.    The Edge is the Edge. His style never really overlaps either of the others yet when his guitar begins to ring out the Sunday Bloody Sundaychords and he reminds us of his punk rock influences it still demands respect. He seems to be really interested in exploring the guitar while holding onto his own style with a death grip.    Each player has his own baggage. Page appears gentlemanly until you remember about the \\"Hammer of the Gods\\" and how debased Rock stardom was from that era. The two younger players dismiss the generation before them yet stand in awe of Jimmy when he rips it up. Each rebelled against the generation before them yet they both wandered down ther own rabbit holes of technology and equipment for the Edge and \\"authenticity\\" for Jack.   I ultimately like the choice of guitarists, probably because I love the music of each and I like the generational aspect.The blues conection between Page and White is ultimately the most intersting part of the movie and would not have been there with different guitarists. I would love to hear those two make an album. Jimmy could use a little fire under his arse and Jack could focus his incredible talent.  Ultimately I want to thank the person who left Page his first guitar. Muldoon for playing and working with Jack White as an upholsterer and Larry Mullen Jr.for putting up the band notice to start U2. The world would be lacking a lot of great music otherwise.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|Going by the disparity in reviews, it seems that this is either a love or hate it type of movie for people.  One thing that I have noticed, however, is that the people that trashed District 9 can't seem to spell or form coherent sentences very well.       District 9 is one of the most thought provoking movies that I have seen in years.  I'm not sure what the American viewing public has degenerated into these days, but some of the comments here sadden me.  This movie examines the human condition in a very unique way.  Yes, it is very graphic and can be disturbing.  There is no nudity or sex however.  There is no pandering to audiences.  It is powerful and pulls no punches.  I have heard comparisons to Blade Runner, another favorite to many sci-fi fans.  If that type of a movie is your cup of tea, District 9 will blow you away.  It succeeds on so many levels, please give it a chance.  Despite being an action based movie, District 9 is for intelligent viewers, not Michael Bay movie lovers.  District 9 is a strong 4/4 star movie.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|What a beatifully written book...I enjoyed the book very, very much. My favorite book is To Kill a Mockingbird...and now I think I've found a modern-day rival. Thanks to the author for sharing this gem with all of us.
B00005B36H|2.0|For the life of me, I cannot understand what the big deal is with this album, or this band. I saw them live a while back, and left after the 4th or 5th song...I was so bored, it hurt. The crowd was as bored as I was..I love it when people try and make them this super group..please. Deep? Spiritual? Come on....Prentious, pompous might be more like it. Maynard was so bored he turned and faced the back of the stage for a few songs...turn your back on the audience?. He stripped down to just his red underwear....boy, that is deep and spiritual...I've seen hundreds of bands over the years, and this was one of the four most boring shows from the last 40 years...they will disappear in to the din of rock and roll..No loss.
B002OEBMN4|4.0|There is something that is a little \\"off\\" with this album.  Don't get me wrong....I'm grateful they are still putting music out after all this time.  I'm grateful that they have stayed on course and not done something horribly gay like Megadeth's \\"risk\\" album.  It's still hard and heavy.  The production quality is as good as all the recent albums.  I've always been a fan of newer Slayer as opposed to older Slayer.  This album is just a little weaker than the 4-5 that came before it.  It seems a bit predictable.  The album is short.  There is a noticeable lack of guitar solos.....not a complete lack, of course, but far fewer than on any other album.  There are a few parts in a few songs where it starts to get a little too \\"low-testosterone\\" for my tastes.  This has never happened on any other Slayer album.  Still worth buying.  B- Slayer is still Slayer.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|I liked this movie not because of the high tech graphics(which were good) or the actors they choose to portray the main characters(even though Leonard Nimoy was there to play Spock). But because with this movie it opens up the doors for a bunch of new stories. The vulcan home world was destroyed, Kirks father is dead, and Scotty finds the answer to one of his theories that he shouldn't find the answer to for many years to come. This I believe will open the door to many new adventures as well as many new scientific changes to their universe thus allowing the Star Trek universe to continue to entertain and wow us.
B000002MUQ|5.0|Love It!  Loved it when it was released.  Love it still.  Going to buy another one right this minute!  Just watched Sammy on A&E.  I have been a Sammy fan since Montrose and I wasn't born til 67, k?  I LOVE Sammy!  Saw Van Hagar on the F. U. C. K. tour.  I wish Eddie wasn't so good because ALEX WAS AMAZING.  He's ripped off to be hid \\"in back\\".  Van Halen, all of the bands, not the men, is a great band and had the combination it needed for the tasks at hand.  People living in the past is the only enemy Van Halen \\"the band\\" really had... and some ego, but this isn't the forum.  If you have not heard this album, buy it now.  Listen to it alone, in a dark room, with a candle and a smile.  Maybe a sip of Cabo Wabo.  My life is improved because of the gifts of Samuel Roy Hagar.  Chickenfoot, baby!  ROCK AND ROLL WILL NEVER DIE!
0061914177|2.0|At best, this book serves as a good resource for social media and web tool sites.  At worst, it is a braggadocios, poorly conceived sales pitch attempting to inspire its readers to just Crush It (yeah baby!).  I usually research books prior to reading them.  If you read at the same rate as a 5th grader, you have to choose your reading material wisely.  This book was more of an impulse buy spurred by a somewhat interesting description of the book.  Deviation from a solid game plan is a mistake.    In retrospect, I should have just leafed through the book and wrote down the websites the author noted.  This is the books best asset - it is an excellent reference for websites.  The author also gives a few interesting successful business cases that utilized social media.  But, this was only about 20 pages of material.      Save yourself the time and just leaf through the book and make a note of referenced websites.  Also, the appendices at the end summarize the important points.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|What if a sick alien race came to Earth for help? Would we give them aid, only to fence them in slums and ghettos because of fear? This scenario occurs in District 9, an incredible, in your face science fiction movie that was released this past August and became a huge hit. The well known director, Peter Jackson produced this film and it is a profound, yet disturbing very psychological tale. The disturbing aspect deals with the fact that because of the fear of the unknown, a group of outsiders who look different, act and speak so strangely are treated worst then animals by human beings, who are supposed to be humane and treat living things with respect. District 9 brings all the horrors of racism and bigotry front and center. This style of film making and the lessons learned are not new, but afterwards you are left with a sense of sadness and shock.<br /><br />District 9 is filmed much like a documentary. We come to understand through onscreen interviews and television footage that twenty years ago an alien ship came to hover over Johannesburg, South Africa. For three months there was no contact until humans cut into the ship. They discovered over 1 million aliens sick and dying. These aliens were treated and cared for, up to a point. Soon after the aliens, which were given the derogatory label of being called Prawns, because of the sea creature they resemble, are housed in government camps. Over the next two decades, due to overcrowding and poor conditions, this has become a slum known as District 9. There is a black market set up between the aliens and a warlord who rules without any fear, as well as inter-species prostitution and the buying and selling of alien weapons that only the aliens can operate due to their DNA.<br /><br />Now twenty years later these Prawns will be moved because the human community that surrounds District 9 hates them. The Multi-National United (MNU) is a private group that has been contracted to move the close to 2 millions aliens to the District 10 camp that is further away from Johannesburg where the aliens will now live in tents. The only reason MNU is involved because they want to figure out a way to use the alien's advance weapons for the benefit of the human race.<br /><br />MNU thinks the Prawns are slow witted and dumb and will do whatever they are told. A field operative, Wilkus van der Merwe, is given the task of moving the Prawns, mainly because his father-in-law is a higher up in MNU. Wilkus thinks this will be pretty easy because he's protected by a special task force who will shoot and kill the Prawns if need be. Wilkus has no clue what's happening behind the scenes, especially with a specific Prawn, Christopher and his son, who have found a way to power up the mother ship and return to their home plane to find reinforcements and bring help to his people who have been enslaved. Unfortunately for Christopher, Wilkus finds the alien device with this special fuel Christopher has been collecting over the past twenty years. Because Wilkus is a bit of a bumbling fool, the fuel spurts in his face. From that moment on Wilkus is now a target of MNU because the liquid has allowed his human DNA to mesh with his new alien DNA. He is slowly changing into a Prawn and Christopher is his last resort in keeping him human.<br /><br />Had I watched this before 2009 ended, I would've said that District 9 is one of the most powerful movies I've watched that year. This is a gritty, dark, gruesome and bloody tale that left me hollow. The humans in this movie are shown as cruel, money hungry individuals who treat the Prawns much like the Nazi's treated the Jewish community and anyone different from the pure German white race during WWII. You can also see the strong comparisons to racial segregation because of the history of apartheid in South Africa.<br /><br />I couldn't sympathize with Wilkus at all because he is just as biased against the Prawns much like his human counterparts. Until he walks in the Prawns' footsteps and is on his way to becoming one, is when he comes to some conclusions. But even when he understands the way the Prawns have been treated is horrendous, he still has this underlying belief because he is human, he's superior. Only when he suffers, does he begin to change his opinions.<br /><br />District 9 is not some mindless fluffy sci-fi movie with only guns blazing and warfare. Even though body parts and heads are blown off, this is justified because of the warlike battles the humans and the Prawns engage in. The effects are amazing and the Prawns look so very real. One of the most telling things as I watched was that the humans come across as very one-dimensional, even in the case of Wilkus whose only salvation is the love he has for his wife. He wants to become human again to be with her. Christopher the Prawn and his young son have wonderful personalities and we see the interesting father and son relationship between the two as well as their will to survive. The Prawns have very big eyes and through them we can see every emotion and feeling.<br /><br />District 9 is powerful, raw and uncomfortable. But, this movie can teach so much in regards to the universal message about the need to be more accepting and understanding. After the movie ends, you don't feel uplifted but quite the opposite and come to the profound conclusion that being different should be embraced. You never know, because that day could come when you are on the opposite side of the fence and treated without the common respect and courtesy we are all entitled to.<br /><br />Katiebabsing one, is when he comes to some conclusions. But even when he understands the way the Prawns have been treated is horrendous, he still has this underlying belief because he is human, he's superior. Only when he suffers, does he begin to change his opinions.    District 9 is not some mindless fluffy sci-fi movie with only guns blazing and warfare. Even though body parts and heads are blown off, this is justified because of the warlike battles the humans and the Prawns engage in. The effects are amazing and the Prawns look so very real. One of the most telling things as I watched was that the humans come across as very one-dimensional, even in the case of Wilkus whose only salvation is the love he has for his wife. He wants to become human again to be with her. Christopher the Prawn and his young son have wonderful personalities and we see the interesting father and son relationship between the two as well as their will to survive. The Prawns have very big eyes and through them we can see every emotion and feeling.    District 9 is powerful, raw and uncomfortable. But, this movie can teach so much in regards to the universal message about the need to be more accepting and understanding. After the movie ends, you don't feel uplifted but quite the opposite and come to the profound conclusion that being different should be embraced. You never know, because that day could come when you are on the opposite side of the fence and treated without the common respect and courtesy we are all entitled to.    Katiebabs
B000QUCNOK|5.0|I have, to date, seen three films by Tom Tykwer.  Two of them are are masterworks of cinematic art and one of these, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer is as great a film as I have ever seen.  It is comparable to a statue by Rodin or a painting by Van Gogh or a Bach fugue.  It is entirely new -- something never seen or done before; and, even though what it attempts is disturbing and dark and morally ambiguous, it succeeds in doing it in a way which can only be termed, gorgeous and perfect.  One never sees a single wheel or gear.  One is simply inhaled, like a breath, into the nostrils of the protagonist, lives inside of his dark entrails and continues to do so long after the end credits have rolled.  The cast is used to perfection. Ben Whishaw performs a tightrope walk of balancing the audiences reaction between revulsion and empathy and never sways once on the rope. Dustin Hoffman devours his part with a gusto which we have rarely seen from him in recent years and Alan Rickman proves, once again, that he can do anything.  The film is narrated brilliantly by John Hurt.  Tom Tykwer, Bernd Eichinger, Andrew Birkin and Patrick S&uuml;skind turned an \\"unfilmable\\" book into a masterful screenplay and Tom Tykwer just moved to the top of my best-director-of-all-times list.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Her phrasing is flawless, her interpretation is perfect.  She sings ballads in such a way that you know she's lived it; and that, if you sat down together, your conversation would be rich with stories of the times you've loved and lost and loved again.  The song that is dedicated to her mother is a piece anyone can identify with as it is about the desire to be seen and heard as well as the desire to make her proud.  I'm so glad Susan Boyle found success!  Her success continues to bless us all.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|This album is a knockout. The music in this album by Michael Jackson is excellent and is perfect for party situations. When you are finished listening to this music you begin to realize how good of an artist Michael Jackson was. I would add this album to my music collection.
B001S2QNNC|3.0|After the hype of &#34;The DaVinci Code&#34; a few years ago (my copy was a gift, but I have to admit I enjoyed it immensely), I bought this book in an airport. Sort of glad I did, really, but it was not up to TDVC. The plot is simple to follow but good; the characters real enough; the ending satisfactory. But my thoughts after finishing it were no more than contentment. Not bad for a first book, though.
B000092T6M|5.0|This movie is really good and this particular version is extended and has many scenes that I had never seen before.
1594488878|3.0|Not even close to my favorite Horby book, but a decent read if you're a fan. Nick Horby is like pizza -- even the bad stuff is pretty good.
B0020GUXW2|3.0|I agree with all what Sr. Hirm Prado of Valenzuela has to say about Sr. Casals.<br />The problem is, is he listenable to today?<br />His sound is so stern, even ugly, rough; I cannot do it.<br />I prefer Pierre Fournier, Maisky even the every youthful Yo-Yo, or the sometimes schmaltzy Du Pre, may she rest in peace.<br />Then Anner Bylsma on the gut strung version.
0385342020|4.0|I love all of Sophie Kinsella's novels.  Well, most of it.  The Shopaholic series began wearing on me after the second or third installation because I felt the Becky Bloomwood lacked the development needed to keep readers interested.  However, with Twenties Girl, Kinsella has once again produced a quirky, likeable character in Lara Lington.  I resisted reading this book initially because I didn't think a ghost story would be very interesting, but I stand corrected.<br /><br />The spirit of Lara's great-aunt Sadie haunts her on the day of Sadie's funeral, begging Lara to find an old necklace.  At first Lara is hesitant to help, but with Sadie's incessant branshee cry, Lara caves in.  However, this isn't the only task at hand; her best friend and business partner, Natalie, has run away with a fling and left the firm sinking and up to Lara, her relationship with Josh just ended but she's clinging onto hope, and she's raised the claim that Sadie did not die by natural birth, but was murdered.  Sadie's her side-kick through all Lara's new adventures, decked out in 1920s flapper outfits.  Sadie's a spitfire, hilarious character who brings the novel to life.<br /><br />I loved this book for many reasons.  It was funny, engaging, and most of all, it was heartfelt.  I think everyone has a distant relative, especially an elder relative, who we've never given the time or effort to.  Everyone has an interesting story to tell, and I think this book really opened my eyes to the fact that people nowadays easily brush aside those who are older because we think they \\"don't get us,\\" but we shouldn't.  We should listen to others, because they have perspective and wisdom that we can all learn from.  I absolutely loved this book and think it's a great read.
B0031ZWZR2|5.0|I have it on GOOD authority, that this is shaping up to be a \\"Spin Off\\" of the TV series LOST. And all you LOST fans who aren't watching are going to be hurrying back to watch this show once you realize it.    FlashForward is a brilliant show! Well designed and fantastically written.    It will certainly be my \\"gap filler\\" when Lost is gone.
B00009L1TA|5.0|Tom Hardy, an ex-Army Ranger turned DEA agent, is drawn into an ever-widening mystery surrounding the disappearance of the feared and often hated Sgt. Nathan West, as well as several of his elite Special Forces trainees on what appears, at first, to have been a routine training exercise during a hurricane in the jungles of Panama. Only two survivors are found, Dunbar, and a badly wounded Kendall, the son of a high-profile Joint Chiefs of Staff official. This movie has a very good story, but be ready for a lot of twists and a suprise ending.
B002P7UCMC|5.0|It has been a while, but Rammstein has most triumphantly returned. Far from a follow-up to Rosenrot, this album goes places their previous efforts have not. Luckily, they're all great places. They have managed to do many things sonically that I NEVER thought I would hear on a Rammstein album. Many of the songs have really awesome effects and distortions laced around the intros and embedded in the tracks (Waidmanns Heil, Ich Tu Dir Weh and B******** stand out as examples). Some of the electronic effects took me back to Herzeleid, which was very cool. The album is paced somewhat similarly to \\"Reise, Reise\\" and has a similar vibe. It opens with the ass-kicking 'Rammlied' and ebbs and flows like you would not believe. The second disc, while not totally neccessary has some decent tracks (Did I really need two re-hashes of Roter Sand?). P*ssy is the only thing on here I could have lived without (no pun intended). Its not great, but doesn't hold back the album from being awesome. If you are ballin' out of control get the digipak, it has the bonus disc and a really cool detailed package and booklet. Otherwise, you'd be fine just getting the standard version. Either way, you need this album.
B000E8N690|5.0|In 1955, a tough, skinny guitar-slinger who called himself J.R. Cash walked into the soon-to-be-famous Sun Studios in Memphis. It was a moment that would have an indelible effect on American culture. With his driving freight-train chords, steel-eyed intensity and a voice as deep and black as night, Cash sang blistering songs of heartache and survival that were gutsy, full of real life and unlike anything heard before. That day kicked off the electrifying early career of Johnny Cash. This movie is the worthy recap of a time in a man's life that is simply too large for any single movie. The movie is entertaining, reasonably true to the facts of Johnny Cash life and full of music.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|Avatar is the most entertaining movie of this holiday season, IMHO.<br />I will only mention a few things since the plot is well described elsewhere.<br /><br />The only place big enough to do the blue screen special effects for this movie in the actual hangar in North Beach (?) California where Howard Hughes built the huge airplane, The Spruce Goose! (See \\"The Aviator\\", another excellent movie).<br /><br />Actors were fitted with sensors to articulate the subtle motions and body language of the special effects entities that appear on the screen. This has done before but never with this level of detail and accuracy. Actors actually jump down long distances from the top of the hanger on wires! Lifelike!<br /><br />People involved in creating the movie must have done a lot of scuba diving, there are creatures on Pandora that are inspired by Feather Dusters, and Christmas Trees tube worms growing on the bottom of the ocean that disappear into their tube if you tickle them. Also the sentient seeds from the Tree of Life look like Baseball or Arcade jellyfish! There are creatures reminiscent of angry sharks. When the actors fly down the sides of the flying mountains on the pterodactyl-like birds, this reminds me of the vertical effects of diving down an underwater Wall. Or like rapelling fast down a cliff face. Moreso than any other movie I've ever seen, this is a vertical movie! The humans can't breathe the air of Pandora so they need to bring air or wear scuba gear on the planet surface. Natives of Pandora interact with each other and plants and animals through sensors in their tails.<br /><br />A great adventure movie, one with heart! See it in the theaters with stadium seating and in 3D, don't wait for the video! Take the kids. My nominee for best picture.
6305176299|5.0|A morally ambivalent cop must remove a bomb planted under a bus that's triggered to explode when its speed drops below 50 mph. This movie it combines action and adventure.Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock worked memorable together to produce a succesfull movie. This is a great action movie. With a great plot. Once the action starts it doesn't stop until the movie is over.
B000TUXL2A|5.0|I'm a child of the greatest two decades of music ever - the 60's and 70's.  Plain and simple, if you appreciate listening to songs WHERE YOU CAN ACTUALLY UNDERSTAND THE WORDS, and are a fan of Mark Knopfler's work with \\"Dire Straits\\", then you'll appreciate this album.    I have an ear for good tunes.  This album is a great listen.  BUY IT! - you won't be disappointed.
B00005JKMQ|5.0|The life story of heavyweight boxing champion Muhammad Ali, following the champ's early days as Cassius Clay and his rise in sports and politics, including his controversial refusal to fight in the Vietnam War and his infamous comeback battles against Joe Frazier and George Foreman. Smith gives a towering performance, defiantly funny and impassioned. This movie is a winning TKO.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The album is probably great, she's got a great voice.  But, dammit, to the guy who wrote the official bio/review on this page - her world turned 180 degrees, not 360, which would have left her in the exact place she started.  Where's the editing on these things anyway?  Grrrrr
630562285X|5.0|Robert \\"Mac\\" MacDougal has an untarnished reputation as the world's greatest art thief. So when a priceless Rembrant is stolen in New York, the evidence points to Mac. Insurance investigator \\"Gin\\" Baker persuades her boss, whose company will lose $24 million on the theft, to let her go after the master criminal. The strong-willed and resourceful Gin has to entrap Mac, but he proves even more elusive and crafty than she expected. Sean is the kind of man that gets better with age and Mrs. Jones is just exotic looking. So when the two got together it was perfect. This movie is exciting and full of adventure.
B002VKE1K2|1.0|I could not stop laughing. Did anyone notice that windows vista was on the computer. The printer was a multitask printer that was not around in 1996. If     the goal was accuracy, this movie bombed. A few special effects could not wake the dead time in between the nights of terror. 3:58 semed to be the magic     time that the friendly ghost would appear. There seemed to be no legible writing on the wigi board. It was worth the two bucks to rent. If you bought it,     you have joined the millions of people who also wasted thier money on the grudge. Well here is the good part if you have problems getting to sleep this     movie should help.
B000MXPE7Y|4.0|Edward Wilson understands the value of secrecy--discretion and commitment to honor have been embedded in him since childhood. As an eager, optimistic student at Yale, he is recruited to join the secret society Skull and Bones, a brotherhood and breeding ground for future world leaders. Wilson's acute mind, spotless reputation and sincere belief in American values render him a prime candidate for a career in intelligence, and he is soon recruited to work for the OSS (the precursor to the CIA) during WWII. As one of the covert founders of the CIA, working in the heart of an organization where duplicity is required and nothing is taken at face value. A masterful movie, but also one that demands your full attention.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|I loved this book.  The historical aspect is very interesting; not many of us knew what happened to the people on Guernsey during World War II while England was occupied by the Germans.  The unique way of telling the story, through letters, was a great way to get to know the characters who are wonderful, brave, funny, sometimes kookie, and all lovable.  The interesting way they coped with the German occupation was captivating.  I didn't want this book to end.
630542845X|5.0|An enigmatic young man with startlingly white skin and extraordinary abilities is discovered living in the cellar of a remote farmhouse and brought to live in a community that doesn't know quite what to make of him. Befriended by the head of a school for troubled youths and an enthusiastic science teacher, the young man demonstrates as astoundingly high I.Q. and a tremendous compassion to persist despite the distrust, hatred and fear that his presence seems to generate. He ultimately has a profound effect on all who come in contact with him but learns that he is the only one who can help himself. The concept of this story captures the mind...it is truly deep and it makes your heart break at the site of such insanity to see how our humanity is really going down the drain. It makes your heart cry out to the main character Powder. This movie really makes really think about how people can judge you sorely on the way you look. Very emotional movie.
B0018O4YSQ|5.0|The Blu-ray version of Dark City is fantasic.  The picture quality is great, a very noticeable improvement over the upconverted DVD version.  The sound is also solid, however I do not have a sound system, so I can not attest to the quality of 5.1 surround sound.      Now for those who have not seen the Director's Cut version of Dark City, I find that it is much better than the theatrical version, which is also good.  In the Director's Cut version, the tempo of the movie is slowed down some.  The same soundtrack is used in the film, but the beat and harmony is altered slightly and in a positive way.  The Director's Cut version of Dark City has additional scenes included within the movie.  The added scenes are in the same picture and sound quality as the rest of the movie.  The additional scenes help fill some gaps which were missing from the Theatrical version.  The added scenes are a much welcomed improvement to the film as a whole.  The beginning narration has been removed from the Director's Cut, this helps pace the audience's discovery of the plot to keep it in-line with the main character.      The Blu-ray version of Dark City is a great buy.    I used to own the Theatrical version of Dark City for DVD, before I purchased the Blu-ray version.
0790729385|5.0|When a 12-year old girl is possessed by demons, a young priest takes it upon himself to selflessly save her at the behest of her famous movie-star mother. In an era when many movies compete to scare the devil out of you, The Exorcist remains one of the few able to successfully scare the devil into you. This is one of the great horror movies.
B00003CXXS|1.0|This movie is terrible plain and simple. Essentially all the characters from this movie are completely ridiculous, unlikeable, and unrealistic. It would be difficult to make a more unimaginative and stupid plot. I was thoroughly and utterly dissapointed by this film and can comfortably say without hyperbole that it is the worst sequel I have ever seen. Stay away if you have even a slightly sophisticated palate.
B00008IHN1|5.0|For fans of America's show-style marching bands, halftime is game time. A squad of players, some 300 strong and armed with musical instruments, takes over the field, commanding attention with their stirring, spectacular display of choreography and musicianship. The football contest's controlled mayhem makes way for the blaring sound of trumpets and the heart-thumping rhythm of drums. This movie can't be beat for its dazzling theatrics and foot-stomping fun. Thoroughly enjoyable.
B00140PK6O|5.0|Cranford is everything you expect a BBC production to be.  Beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, elegant writing and all produced for the pure enjoyment of the viewer. Every performance is outstanding. And while this is a period piece by definition it is also a timeless story of community. What was pleasant was how funny it could be especially Imelda Staunton's performance and character. Maybe I enjoyed it so much because I live in Cranford but I don't think so.
B00005A3KS|5.0|Rookie FBI agent, hoping to break a bank robbery ring, infiltrates a colony of surfers in Southern California. The ultimate feel good movie...watched it over and over. You will just wanna get out there and start living. Keanu is great as usual, what an actor he his. Highly recommended.
B00005V9IL|1.0|Great Story! 5 Stars  Great Actors! 5 Stars  Great Director! 5 Stars  Great Sci-Fi Movie! 5 Stars  Great on DVD?  NO, NO, NO!!!  Zero Stars!!! Non-Anamorphic, Non-16x9 Widescreen, Very Poor Video Transfer onto DVD, and Not on Blu-Ray yet?  What the #$%*!  We are living in an age of HD 16x9 TV's and this, one of the great emotionally moving Sci-Fi movies of our time is placed on DVD that is formatted for a 4x3 Standard Definition TV's?  You have got to be kidding me.    Hey James Cameron and Paramount or whoever is involved in the process of bringing this great movie to DVD, WE WANT THIS MOVIE IN 16x9 HD Format OR if you won't do that, how about a regular DVD in 16x9 Format/Anamorphic and why don't you throw in a remastered video transfer while you're at it so WE CAN ALL enjoy this movie on our 16x9 Widescreen Plasma, LCD, and LED TV's and Projectors!!!      What a shame.
0767803434|5.0|The President of the United States, James Marshall, takes a tough anti-terrorist stance and then becomes a hostage himself when Air Force One is taken over by terrorists from Kazakhstan, led by Ivan Korshunov, who demand the release of their fascistic leader General Radek. The President seems to escape from the plane in an emergency capsule yet is actually hiding on board. He silently kills a member of the terrorist group before establishing contact with F-15's to engage the hijacked plane. As passengers escape by parachute, Marshall is captured by Ivan and forced to release General Radek, setting in motion an international incident. This movie thrills you constantly. Tightly constructed and with precious little humor.
B002VECM6I|5.0|I first saw this blockbuster film the first week it came out and I expected the theater to be partially filled. What a surprise to me when it was practically filled to the brim. I won't go too much into the plot of a white family who rescues a Black youth from poverty and crime except to say that if there are any negative reviews on this film, which are few, they reflect the cynicism of the reviewer rather than the film itself which is based on a true story. Michael Oher of course could've been saved by anyone but in this case it was a White Christian family who took him in which goes to show you that human heart knows no boundaries, racial or otherwise.  Heartily recommended to all those who still believe there is some good in the world despite all the insanity has been going on in the news.  And by the way, this may be Sandy's turn to cop the Oscar--you never know!!
B00026L7O0|5.0|Ten years have passed since Dr. Hannibal Lecter escaped from custody, ten years since FBI Agent Agent Clarice Starling interviewed him in a maximum security hospital for the criminally insane. The doctor is now at large in Europe, pursuing his own interests and savoring the scents and essences of an unguarded world. But Starling has never forgotten her encounters with Dr. Lecter, and the metallic rasp of his seldom-used voice still haunts her dreams. But Mason Verger remembers Dr. Lecter, too, and is obsessed with revenge. Verger was Dr. Lecter's sixth victim, and though hideously disfigured, has survived to rule a vast financial empire. What a great movie. Excellent story line and brillantly acted by Anthony Hopkins and Julianne Moore. Intriguing and very creepy.
0802130208|5.0|It took me 25 years to get around reading this masterpiece of American fiction and I'm sorry it took so long:  I was bowled over.  Toole was a literary genius and this comical farce is a testament to his brilliance.  The central character is Ignatius Reilly, who is a unique literary creation.  You can look high and low through all of literature and you won't find another character like Ignatius:  he is a singularity.  Toole brings most of the major characters into the story in the first 20 pages.  And the dialogues are so good that you always know what character is speaking.  The story takes place in New Orleans and Toole captures the subtleties of dialect within the city.      And it is a great city to host this zany adventure.  Ignatius is a disciple of the great Late Antiquity philosopher, Boethius, except that Ignatius lives in the 20th century!  in New Orleans!  The Wheel of Fortune, a concept important to Boethius, spins and Ignatius finds himself harassed by the police, working for a sinking pants-maker, and selling hot dogs on the streets of New Orleans.  But it isn't just characters (Burma Jones is a creation of genius) and good dialogue that make this book work.  Toole laces the tale with short, seductive descriptions of people and places.  A classic (in my mind) is when he describes Lana, the owner of The Night of Joy bar, fondling money she's received for selling pornographic pictures.  Toole describes her as a priestess holding the host (here a coin) and raising it heavenward as smoke from her cigarette (this takes place on a bar counter) curls up like incense in a medieval rite.    One important subplot is the love story - if you can call it that - of Ignatius and a radical girlfriend, Myrna.  Ignatius's actions are in large part motivated by his desire to impress Myna.  But beware, this is unlike any love story you'll find anywhere else.  Don't wait 25 years to plunge into this grand farce like I did.  Experience a classic and get ready to chuckle.
B00003CXSM|5.0|Workaholic wedding planner Mary Fiore is so devoted to her career that she doesn't have time to find a man. Things change, however, when Mary takes on a lucrative new client -- the ultra-rich Donnollys, to whom money is no object in regards to the upcoming marriage of their daughter, Fran. When Mary is victim to an unlikely accident involving a runaway dumpster during wedding preparations, she is literally and figuratively swept off of her feet by Steve Edison, a charming pediatrician -- who just happens to be the fiance of Fran Donnolly. This movie has a great storyline with comedy and drama. I think Jennifer Lopez did a great job as the Wedding Planner. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes romantic comedies.
B002HWRYJE|3.0|But that's not a good thing.  I really wanted to like this one becasue I had heard such good things about it, but I dunno.  Throughout the whole movie, I felt like I was watching a bunch of kids play dress-up.  When it was over, my friend turned tome and said, \\"it was okay ... cute.\\"  I don't think sci-fi should be cute.  Whatever.
B00000JLWW|5.0|After winning a trip on the RMS Titanic during a dockside card game, American Jack Dawson spots the society girl Rose DeWitt Bukater who is on her way to Philadelphia to marry her rich snob fiance Cal Hockley. Rose feels helplessly trapped by her situation and makes her way to the aft deck and thinks of suicide until she is rescued by Jack. Cal is therefore obliged to invite Jack to dine at their first-class table where he suffers through the slights of his snobbish hosts. This movie is a truly impressive feat of entertainment.
B002KSPKRS|1.0|Mine has a habit of popping and hissing, and with all the bass capacity this headset offers, its really uncomfortable when it happens, which is about every playing session.  These headset really suck - to pay all that money and not have them work correctly pisses me off.    I called TB and they said they were aware of the problem and told me to send them an email and they would send a replacement cable.  We'll see if it fixes it.   The replacement cable did not fix the problem and I am stuck.    Their web site says to hook a rubber band on the cable plug to the headset, I tried it and it dosnt really help.    There is also a really bad echo.  This happens about 80% of the time.      These headset EAT batteries - better get rechargables.  One set of AAA batteries lasts me about 4-6 hours of playtime    But - when they work they are pretty good.  I definitely not  buy them again.
B00000J2KX|5.0|Frustrated writer Jack Torrance takes a job as the winter caretaker at the ominous, mountain-locked Overlook Hotel so that he can write in peace. When he arrives there with his wife and son, they learn that the previous caretaker had gone mad. Slowly Jack becomes possessed by the evil, demonic presence in the hotel. The Shining is a perfect example of how a horror movie should be made. It moves along at an even pace & takes you into the hotel of horror where the dead still live. This movie is chilling to the bone.
B000BTJDGC|5.0|I remember when THE EXORCISM OF EMILY ROSE first came out.  I was highly suspicious of yet another girl-gets-possessed movie from hollywood. I mean, hadn't Linda Blair pretty much embodied that idea ever since 1973? Besides, EMILY ROSE? Isn't that a bit too much like AUDREY ROSE? So, I put off watching it. Silly me! After having just watched EMILY last night, I can admit to being totally wrong, mistaken, and pleasantly surprised. It's a well-told story, played out as a courtroom drama, w/ most of the demonic happenings shown as flashbacks. Both Tom Wilkinson and Laura Linney are superb as the priest and his defense attorney respectively. Of course, my favorite scenes were those of Emily herself, played w/ violent glee by Jennifer Carpenter (QUARANTINE, tv's DEXTER). While the prosecutor hammered away w/ cold logic during the trial, Emily's plight was played out in a beautifully tragic fashion, allowing Carpenter to swing wildly between calm, lucid moments, and animalistic frenzy. I was impressed! It was also fun to see \\"Deb Morgan\\" in such an unrestrained role. All done without 10,000 F-bombs, puke, or a single 360 degree head-twist! Amazing! Buy immediately...
B000093BDX|4.0|As one of the big three American 60's pop/rock bands (The Byrds and Simon & Garfunkel), The Beach Boys defined a California Dream in sun soaked harmonies and the creation of a mythos that has never quite died. This despite the admitable oddness that surrounds the band and its members (the abusive Dad who sold off the music rights, Brian's fall into mental disease, the drugs, the latter day internal squabbles). None of the quirks (or a couple noticeably absent songs) matter when you listen to the 30 chart hits on \\"The Sounds of Summer.\\"<br /><br />Covering all the Beach Boys' multiple labels (Capitol, Reprise and Columbia), this is the best band for the buck short of splurging for the [[ASIN:B000002UR4 Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of the Beach Boys]] box set. It starts with the simple pleasures of \\"California Girls,\\" moves to Brian's stunning brilliant \\"pocket symphonies\\" like \\"Sloop John B\\" as well as the 70/80's comeback nostalgia fests of \\"Good Timin'\\" and \\"Kokomo.\\" While the lure of the oldies-circuit and baby-boomer cash may have been the cause of some of the post 60's albums, the band often tried to create something other than easy albums (IMHO, [[ASIN:B00004W55M 15 Big Ones]] and [[ASIN:B00004W55N Keepin' The Summer Alive]] were fine works), it will still be those songs that popped from those tinny AM radios that will always be at the front of the band's legacy.<br /><br />\\"The Sounds of Summer\\" does its best to balance the two periods. From the nostalgic Capitol orange and yellow Yin/Yan label artwork to the collection of pictures, this works hard to invoke that innocent freedom the music stirred up when it was brand new. Several of the songs are here in their mono-mixes (Brian, who was partially deaf, often mixed in mono) which, when you think about it, is how you probably heard them in the car anyway. At an hour and a quarter running time, you can pop \\"Sounds of Summer\\" in the car player and take a psychic road trip back to when gas was 2o cents a gallon, the surf was up and we all wanted to be California guys.and we all wanted to be California guys.
B00005JLEX|5.0|There's nothing dated about this classic sitcom, which defined the late '80s and early '90s TV comedy as Jerry and his buddies traipsed through New York life and its various little adventures.    As the creators promised, Seinfeld is indeed largely \\"a show about nothing.\\" That said, it's often the little daily annoyances, ups and downs that make for the most entertaining stories in our own lives, and it certainly held true for Jerry, Elaine, George and Kramer.    Particularly memorable episodes include Season 2's \\"The Chinese Restaurant,\\" where the gang manages to create all kinds of problems and distractions doing nothing other than waiting for a table at a restaurant; and \\"The Phone Message,\\" where George accidentally leaves a furious message on his girlfriend's answering machine and then convinces Jerry they must get into the apartment to retrieve it.    While this box set is a short one, episode-wise (largely because Season 1 had only five) it makes up with a myriad of extras, including deleted scenes, bloopers and commentaries.    Even decades later, the humor of this smart show holds up, perhaps even stronger than ever.
0861661605|5.0|Alan Moore needs no introduction; he's often considered by critics and readers worldwide one of, if not THE, best comic book writer of all times, and it's hard to disagree if you take a look at the massive amount of masterpieces he wrote. When he started his \\"League of Extraordinary Gentlemen\\" project, in which he estabilishes an alternate world where famous literary characters are being gathered by the British Intelligence to investigate and stop something that no man can stop, many people thought it was a bit lightweight compared to some of his most famous works, at least when the first issue came out. At the end of the first Volume, tide had turned completely and \\"Tloeg vOLUME 1\\" is considered onne of the most exciting, fun and well writtten comic books of the last twenty years. Then Volume 2 came out and praise was still immense. Then Moore decided to make a sort of spin off in which he narrated the origin of the League; this book, called Black Dossier, was still much praised but it also brought some detractors since it's more an experimental book. Although I enjoyed it immensely (because it's still tremendously compelling), many people felt like it lacked the fast pacing action of the original books (which is untrue, but LOEG V1 was so fun I can see where those complaints come from). Now, with VOLUME 3 Moore and O'Neill, whose drawing skills are really top notch, are back to a more traditional storytelling, delivering the same quality and groundbreaking attention to detail we've all come to expec from this dynamic duo. Moore writes a dark story in which a evil cult wants to create something that could put an end to everything we know..starting in London, 1910. The League is back: Mina Murray, Orlando and Allan Quatermain and their new companions are back on the streets, but this time it's hard to believe they can prevail...<br /><br />I've already covered most of Alan Moore's well known writing skills, but let me spend some words about mr. O'Neill. He puts about as much attention to detal as Moore, his tremendous effort is immediately recognizable, and there's a splash page so beautiful you'll find yourself looking at it over and over<br /><br />do yourself a favour. Are you a comic book lover? Go out and buy LOEG Volume 1 and see if you like it. You WILL, and proceed to buy everything League related, including this little book which is the first part of a three issues saga that will reach its spectacular and epic conclusion in London, 2009. Next volume, 1960, is set for April. You don't want to find yourself unprepared don't you?t as much attention to detal as Moore, his tremendous effort is immediately recognizable, and there's a splash page so beautiful you'll find yourself looking at it over and over<br /><br />do yourself a favour. Are you a comic book lover? Go out and buy LOEG Volume 1 and see if you like it. You WILL, and proceed to buy everything League related, including this little book which is the first part of a three issues saga that will reach its spectacular and epic conclusion in London, 2009. Next volume, 1960, is set for April. You don't want to find yourself unprepared don't you?
0385504225|2.0|This is the worst Dan Brown book I have read (I read Angels and Daemons and Davinci Code).  Davinci Code was excellent.  Angels and Daemons was not that great because of Dan Brown's \\"fake science\\" that was not necessary at all.  The action was still mostly good and believable.  The Lost Symbol has a lot of bad \\"fake science\\" and the action and puzzles are not very good.  Action does not flow well and a lot of the puzzles are either obvious or not interesting at all.  The book is not captivating and I almost stopped in the middle.  I would not recommend this book and if I had read some of the reviews here I would have never started reading it.
B00284G2IA|5.0|i had never been interested in look for or purchasing rock/metal bandsuntil a few months ago i got dream theatre \\"live in budokan \\" and was blown away by it, what a fabulous and very talented group of musicians, spellbinding! then i saw Nightwish  \\"end of an era and decided to purchase it, best thing i did in 2009, how great they are and never seem to run out of puff. its made me aware that there are probably quite a few more bands like them out there to find, i have yes & deep purple among my music choices but nightwish just blows them away trailng in there dust, see even an old guy can get into metal bands and i'll look for more, i'm waiting and hoping amazon can get me kamelot \\"one cold winters night\\" i feel that it might be as goo , there sure is some great music in this world, one is always searching for it
1400063736|4.0|I bought this book right after Amazon declared it the best book of 2009. Do I think it deserves that title? Not really. There were far better books out in 2009, however this should in no way diminish this interesting a little hard to read book or collection of short stories about a bunch of people and how their lives and decisions affect each other either directly or through intermediaries. The best thing about this book is that it never gets boring and will leave you wanting to know more about the various characters in the book.
B002T9H2LA|3.0|Its too bad the studios couldn't find it in their budget to release this in FULL Screen version.  I am sick and tired of trying to watch films in a thin ribbon running through the middle of my $2,000.00 TV Screen!!
B001FW58D6|5.0|This show has to be one of the best i have ever seen, it never give up the story line. Every episode is unique and they all come together in the end with a unexpected result (according to season 1).Great acting and very thought out , out of the box story.      SIMPLY A GREAT SHOW.    HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is the best mini series ever done! It's so nice to have it in this compact case, rather than a few boxes like other muli-disc packs come in. Instead it has an accordian like fold out that fits all the dvds.
B0015DROBO|2.0|It's possible you're reading this because you're more than a third of the way through the book, and have yet to figure out why anyone would refer to it as a \\"thriller\\".  It feels more like you're trying to fall asleep by watching something late at night on the Biography Channel, and the program is interrupted periodically by advertisements for Apple products.<br /><br />Fear not.  About 40% of the way through, it picks up.  And, no, you can't skip ahead, because you won't know who all the players in the expansive Vanger family are if you do.<br /><br />The writing style is perhaps best described as \\"meticulous\\".  If a character has cause to eat during the course of the narrative, you will know in detail what they had (often sandwiches, which always have three ingredients).  The attention to and presentation of detail could be considered excessive, but it also serves to immerse the reader in daily Swedish life, greatly enhancing the sense of immersion in the story.<br /><br />One of the primary themes of the book is sexual assault, and you will read about rape and torture.  However, this is a book about the lingering after-effects of such crimes, not the crimes themselves, and the author does not revel in the telling of such.<br /><br />It is a remarkable book in many ways, but ultimately not to my taste.
B000002AGN|5.0|I bought this just so I could listen to \\"Take Five\\".  A lot.  I've always loved that tune.  I wish there were an extended version that just goes forever.  I could get lost in it.  Maybe I should have bought the MP3 and put it on infinite loop.    Nah, the rest of the CD is pretty good too.  It's a great intro to Brubeck.  Mostly though, take five.
B00304LF0W|1.0|I do not like scary movies my wife does.The advertising deserves an Emmy award as it sold her on the movie.But it was classic bait and switch.The whole movie is basically the commercial,only the commercial was actually better than the movie.From the ads we both thought this movie might be too scary.It wasn't the least bit scary at all, we found ourselves looking at each other many times saying \\"that was lame\\". I'd be thinking boy somethings really going to happen now... and nothing.The most intense \\"action\\" on the screen was the time lapse counter.So many missed opportunities to make things really scary or creepy. Brings a whole new meaning to \\"low budget horror movie.\\"my wife was disappointed I was relieved.
B00288KNJU|3.0|The animation and story behind this film is sophisticated and intriguing.  Most of us, even those with really good parents, can relate to the idea that our childhoods could have been better behind the wall.  All three of us viewing via Blu-ray on an excellent flat screen agreed to ditch the 3D half way through for the more beautifully rendered 2D version.  The red-green glasses format was nausiating and distracting.  See it in 2D as the story is good enough without the gimmick.
B0029O08WA|4.0|They always compare u with the best album by group artist...but not by soundtrack. Well if there ever will be a list, this one is a serious contender.<br />Forget about the new but with the music by Death Cab For Cutie, Bon Iver, The Killer, Thom Yorke, Editors, Grizzly Bear....this is sure one of the best in the 2000s.<br />This and Once soundtrack, Juno and some others.
B001DJ7PQ4|2.0|I bought series 1,3, and 4 before Christmas 2009 for $41.99 each from Amazon.  Now I see it's going for $62 a piece.  What's going on??? I love this show, maybe it's worth $62, but come on guys,  give us a break.  Don't take advantage of the situation by increasing the price, you might loose some fans out there who are not willing to fork out that much dough!
0440237688|2.0|The whole book was great. It seemed to me that there would be a part two but the ending made no sense. Even the author herself said that you can interpret the ending in two ways. But both meanings to the ending sucked!Pretty much the author ruined a good thing in the end. Dumb broad
B000E41MS6|2.0|I bought series 1,3, and 4 before Christmas 2009 for $41.99 each from Amazon.  Now I see it's going for $62 a piece.  What's going on??? I love this show, maybe it's worth $62, but come on guys,  give us a break.  Don't take advantage of the situation by increasing the price, you might loose some fans out there who are not willing to fork out that much dough!
B00001U0E1|1.0|I ordered this for a Christmas present, and the seller never even bothered to contact me.
1607513943|5.0|This is an eye opening book that makes sense if you look at the details behind the studies.  I teach negotiations for an oil company and recommend this book to all my students.
B002LVVCQM|4.0|The last Dawkins book I read, The Selfish Gene, was one of the most eye-opening books I've ever read.  I was hoping for more of the same here, and was a bit disappointed.  This is still a good book, but does not rise to the level of greatness of some of his other works.  If you are considering getting this book and haven't read 'The Selfish Gene', I recommend reading that one instead.    Dawkins provides a number of convincing arguments supporting evolution. As usual there are also quite a few digressions.  I enjoyed the digressions, but often found myself losing track of the original argument.  Often I would get halfway through a chapter and I would still be wondering where it was going.  For example, a quite long discussion on taxonomy only to make the point that every fossil specimen must be given one name--and therefore there are no intermediates (at least name-wise) between historical species.  I learned a lot about taxonomy, but it seemed to be a bit off-target for the book.  It feels like Dawkins stretched the material a bit for this one.    And one gripe for Kindle users:  I had problems with the Sync feature.  Clicking on a footnote link in the book took you to the endnotes at the back of the text.  From then on, the Sync feature considered that endnote the furthest point read.  This is only a problem if you use the Kindle software on multiple platforms.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|Got this for my wife as a gift since the only other copy we had was a VHS. So far we have seen the colorized version and it is very pleasing to the eye. An excellent gift idea.
B000WCDI64|1.0|Amy didn't do justice to either her material or her audience.  Thought I'd enjoy seeing/hearing her perform the hits/strong vocals; Instead, I got a sloppy performance from someone who seemed disinterested - I couldn't understand the lyrics or the spoken parts.  Did she even know/care that she was being taped?   Ugh !
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am a newly engaged bride to be who is looking to shed a little bit of excess weight and tone up for my big day. I have taken classes similar to this in the past, but it has been a while since I worked out regularly. As a grad student with two jobs, finding time to go to the gym is not always possible. With this DVD you can squeeze a workout in just 20 minutes and go right on about your day.     The Cons:  The intro is long and boring. I wish I could skip past it.    Pros:  *Intense workouts that really get you moving  *Only requires hand weights (and a mat if you have hard floors)  *Doesn't require much space as most movements are done in place. I have a tiny 1 bedroom apartment and had no    problem finding enough space.  *She has a very realistic and motivating attitude. I just love her style.  * WAY more effective than 30-60 mindless minutes on a machine at the gym. I actually felt sore after this work out and was working up a really good sweat. Be prepared to need a quick shower after this workout!    All in all, BUY THIS DVD! I'm only on level 1 and it kicked my butt! I have no doubt that it will provide me with enough intensity between the three different levels to help me tone up for my big day!
B0029O08WA|2.0|I am not a fan of the Twilight series of books and movies, but decided to check this album out as I'd read much about it being a great showcase of exciting new indie music. And while there are a couple of yes, potentially great songs here to be heard, they don't really get to shine amidst the overwhelmingly depressed mood of the entire album - and they get drowned out by more than a few clunkers as well.<br /><br />Things start promisingly with Death Cab for Cutie's \\"Meet Me On The Equinox\\", which is easily my favorite track on the album. As with much of DCFC's music there's an underlying dark tone to the song and its lyrics, but the music is still driving and compelling, creating a skillful balance. Band of Skulls' \\"Friends\\" is okay, but the beat is a little plodding and the lyrics nothing to write home about. Things pick up again with Thom Yorke's \\"Hearing Damage\\", an experimental/electronic track that compels repeat listenings with its heavy atmosphere and haunting vocals. I'd sort of written of my early love of Radiohead, but this track makes me yearn to check them out again.<br /><br />I wasn't crazy about Lykke Li's \\"Possibility\\" at first, and I don't think it's the kind of music I'd want to listen to regularly - too downbeat and monotonous, and the singer's voice rather irritates me. I liked The Killers \\"White Demon Love Song\\" which, if you're a fan of the band as I am, is quite typical of their sound if still a little slow in pace and tone.<br /><br />It's after that song that the album really began to falter to me. Anya Maria's acoustic \\"Satellite Heart\\" did nothing for me - too much of that ponderous indie/folk female singer/songwriter sound that I got over way back in my college years in the '90s. Muse finally picks up the pace a bit with \\"I Belong to You\\", but then it's back to slow acoustic guitars and moribund vocals with \\"Roslyn\\" by Bon Iver & St. Vincent and \\"Done All Wrong\\" by Black Rebel Motorcycle Club. \\"Monsters\\" by Hurricane Bells and \\"The Violet Hour\\" by Sea Wolf did nothing for me either, although they were at least a little more upbeat for a change of pace. \\"Shooting The Moon\\" is a pretty boring entry from OK Go, with more plodding drums, followed by YET MORE plodding drums in \\"Slow Life\\" by Grizzly Bear, easily my least favorite track on the album. \\"No Sound But The Wind\\" by Editors is close behind, however, even if plodding drums are traded in here for a droning, moribund piano.<br /><br />The album ends with a pretty, if somber, piano piece by Alexandre Desplat - the kind of atmospheric, instrumental soundtrack music I do often enjoy listening to. Pity there wasn't more like this on the soundtrack album!<br /><br />Overall, I just can't find much on this collection that I'm going to enjoy listening to repeatedly. At best 3 or 4 songs will end up on my ipod to be mixed in with other tunes to get away from the overwhelmingly depressing mood of this soundtrack as a whole. While I can't speak for how well the music does or doesn't match New Moon's theme and atmosphere, it doesn't make me feel compelled to check it out to find out, either.nothing for me either, although they were at least a little more upbeat for a change of pace. \\"Shooting The Moon\\" is a pretty boring entry from OK Go, with more plodding drums, followed by YET MORE plodding drums in \\"Slow Life\\" by Grizzly Bear, easily my least favorite track on the album. \\"No Sound But The Wind\\" by Editors is close behind, however, even if plodding drums are traded in here for a droning, moribund piano.    The album ends with a pretty, if somber, piano piece by Alexandre Desplat - the kind of atmospheric, instrumental soundtrack music I do often enjoy listening to. Pity there wasn't more like this on the soundtrack album!    Overall, I just can't find much on this collection that I'm going to enjoy listening to repeatedly. At best 3 or 4 songs will end up on my ipod to be mixed in with other tunes to get away from the overwhelmingly depressing mood of this soundtrack as a whole. While I can't speak for how well the music does or doesn't match New Moon's theme and atmosphere, it doesn't make me feel compelled to check it out to find out, either.
B001AQTWF2|4.0|I really love Whitney and the songs are good but I guess I expected a little more from the album. Looking forward for the next. Whitney is a great singer!
015206057X|5.0|For me, Mem Fox's books are an uneven bunch.  Some I love and some are just average or so-so. But I have to say that this one is a gem among them and one I'm happy to have come across.  This simple book with rhyming text and Helen Oxenbury's charming illustrations of children accomplishes plenty with an ease and an elegance that is just a pleasure to read.<br /><br />The text is repeated sets of rhyming couplets: \\"There was one little baby who was born far away/and another who was born on the very next day. And both of these babies/as everyone knows/ had ten little fingers and ten little toes!\\"  The first two lines change to describe other babies, but the two concluding lines remain consistent.  It reads smoothly and bouncily, with plenty of page given for each line of text.  The last bit changes, when the narrator introduces her own baby.  Not only does that baby have ten little fingers and ten little toes, but also \\"three little kisses on the tip of its nose!\\"  What a lovely little finish!  This is great fun to read with youngsters and babies, especially if you can give them three kisses just like the baby in the book.<br /><br />But honestly, the rhyme on its own probably wouldn't have caught me if not for Helen Oxenbury's adorable illustrations.  This veteran of children's illustration knows just the right touch to pair up with the text.  There are very few illustrations with full backgrounds--most of the pictures focus on the baby characters.  When there are occasional simple backgrounds or objects, these are mere props to the babies themselves.  Oxenbury's multicultural cast of babies adds an extra dimension to the rhyme without being preachy or clumsy with the presentation.  She also has our cast of babies growing up slowly through each couplet.  While the first has tiny babies that cannot crawl yet, by the end of the book, they are toddlers, walking and climbing and laughing delightedly as the narrator mother holds her own baby to give it three kisses. The simplicity of the images make it a good pick for a younger child, and the rhyming repetitive text are excellent for helping children predict what comes next.<br /><br />I'll be buying this book for all my new moms this year!<br /><br />Happy Reading! ^_^ Shanshadimplicity of the images make it a good pick for a younger child, and the rhyming repetitive text are excellent for helping children predict what comes next.<br /><br />I'll be buying this book for all my new moms this year!<br /><br />Happy Reading! ^_^ Shanshad
B002VPE1B6|5.0|this movie was truly amazing i did not watch it in 3-D assuming that it would be like other 3-D movies i had seen but after hearing these reviews i think that would be a good idea. the story line has been used lots of times however i think the way it was rendered in this film was amazing. i noticed that during the first half of the movie (roughly speaking) there were interesting parallels to the movie pocahontas and not just in the basic thyme more specific ones too. the visual effects left me dumbfounded and the mix of different genres is astounding. all together this is one of the best movies i have ever seen
B001PO53IO|4.0|Well, the prequels for the most part where a disappointment, but at least they gave way to some great t.v.! Clone wars are what the movies should have been, at least for the feeling of it, it truly has a more \\" new hope\\" feel to the way is \\"shot\\", and although, yes it is a series , and yes has more space to grow and explain and expose information, it is just taken more serious than at least episode 1, with more reverence to t he story and a better plot.     Having said all that, season one is still the show testing waters, and finding its place ( season 2 has been better, and more consistent with the way its been told) the animation is great, and the stories are for the most part good, but there are a few hit and miss ones there.     The blu-ray is definitely the way to see it, since it brings out the beauty of the cg animation, and the extras are great if you have already enjoyed the series.
1416550518|5.0|I read 3-4 books a week, so I get through a lot of drivel, some enjoyable ones and the odd gem, which becomes a treasured item I keep returning to over and over. This is one such novel.  It put me in mind of 'Rebecca', with details of 1920s decadence, but also an insight into the boredom and disaffection some members of the upper class experienced at this time. It is beautifully written, never pretentious or silly, and does not rely on fantastic or unrealistic plot twists. Kate Morton knows how to create three-dimensional characters - they simply spring to life on the page. Some people have commented on the 'I know something but you don't know it and I'm not going to tell you until the last page' element to this novel. Grace, our narrator, does keep a lot from us until the end - but then, if she didn't, it wouldn't be a cracking story, would it? I don't think the tone is precocious or sly; on the contrary, it is well-balanced and unsentimental, yet still provocative and poignant.  I did guess the identity of Grace's parentage very early on. The encounter with her 'father' could have been less dramatic - it was the sense of shock which gave the game away. A slight puzzlement on his part might have worked better.  However, this was never supposed to be the 'big twist' - this comes at the end and really did work for me. The scene at the party is a wonderful mix of decadence, excitement, tension and grief. A brilliant set piece.  I have also read her second novel, The Forgotten Garden (indeed, snatched it off the shelf on the first day!) and it comes very, very close to this - it's another great story of family ties - but this one just has that air of an English country house in summer, in the roaring 20s, and I love it.  If I could be any modern author, it would be Kate Morton. She is almost faultless. I can't wait for another novel. I would like to see more strong male characters in the next one - she doesn't go in for them in a big way - but if someone's got to writeabout interesting women, she does it pretty well.
B002VPE1AM|3.0|10) When a mineral is really rare, we call it gold. When it's so super-duper rare that it's unobtainable, we call it...UNOBTAINIUM.<br />9) Giant humanoid blue-skinned cat people with brain tentacles evolved from six-limbed Everything Elses.<br />8) The Na'vi must never let their hair down, because near as I can tell their brains would fall out.<br />7) Scientists will transport a disabled man across five years of space so he can pilot a human/Na'vi avatar hybrid on an extremely hostile planet...but not include a tracking device in case they lose it.<br />6) Extremely expensive avatars that look like Na'vi make perfect sense to infiltrate their society...unless of course every Na'vi knows they're fakes, in which case maybe just slapping a gas mask on a human might make a lot more sense.<br />5) Giant trees with neural roots invented the Internet.<br />4) It takes a white guy to figure out you can beat a dragon by landing on its back.<br />3) It takes a sentient planet to figure out you can beat gun-wielding white guys with bulletproof behemoths.<br />2) The United States Colonial Marines would never put up with this.<br /><br />And the number one thing I learned from Avatar...<br /><br />1) Never, EVER mess with any character played by Stephen Lang.  He will cut you.  Cut you good.
1416550542|5.0|Having read 'The House at Riverton' and putting it in my 'all time favourites' list, this had a lot to live up to. I was disappointed by the cover and title, because I instantly thought she'd cashed in on the success of her first novel and written something very similar; another tale of servants, upper-class types, decadence etc.  Not so. This has more of a contemporary feel and I loved the link to Australia; it felt very authentic (well, it would, with Morton living there!) I also loved the 'parallel lives' fairytales woven into the story. An interesting and unusual device. It made the character of Eliza magical, almost witch-like, but very likeable. Kate Morton does 'likeable characters' extremely well. I appreciated the weaker character of Rose also - it goes to show Morton does not only write about strong, clever women.   I love Morton's ability to write a clever, careful, story of secrets and family ties. As with Grace in The House at Riverton, I guessed Nell's parentage (or one of them, at least) pretty early on, but this did not spoil anything. There is always more to come, and I love that she spends time explaining 'why' instead of just hitting us with it, and leaving it hanging, as too many authors do.   I am eagerly awaiting another novel from Kate Morton - she's one of the best modern storytellers in my view. Nothing pretentious or showy or difficult - just a damn good read.
0195343360|5.0|(OR ANYBODY ELSE FOR THAT MATTER) BEARING THEM?<br /><br />An appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />Diamonds may be a girl's best friend.  But if she accepts them as a gift, the lass may need a lawyer if her relationship with the giver by any chance turns sour.<br /><br />Here is a great -and we mean monumental -- book on gifts; primarily the legal aspects and the ramifications of giving and receiving gifts across a representative range of western cultures, from England (assume that means the United Kingdom) and the United States to Spain, Italy, France and Belgium.  India is also included as the world's largest English speaking democracy with, of course, a common law tradition. References are also made to Germany and Switzerland. The perspective is legal; the fascination universal.<br /><br />The book, as author Richard Hyland is happy to state, is not just for lawyers.  Conceivably, folk whose idea of reading a law book extends about as far as novels by John Grisham might well find it a riveting read, despite the often challenging concepts and legal terminology therein.<br /><br />The book is indeed the work of a formidable, retentive and scholarly mind.  The research involved is massive and meticulous.  The subject matter, as the subtitle indicates, is comparative law, the author having mentioned that a professor of his, early in his career, convinced him that the only way to think about the law is comparatively. The professor in question was regarded as one of the world's leading comparativists -- a word that's admittedly new to us and the spelling checker, but we like it.<br /><br />Hyland, quite rightly, has intended this impressive work of scholarship and erudition for four kinds of readers:<br /><br />* The lawyer or academic in the United States or abroad who seeks a wider perspective on gift law, including the law of trusts and estates and of contract and restitution<br /><br />* The writer or teacher in the field of comparative law<br /><br />* Professionals in disciplines other than the law<br /><br />* ...and lastly, the individual who thinks about gift giving `from the perspective of the humanities and the social sciences'- and here is where the interdisciplinary nature of the book comes into its own<br /><br />Ever since those conniving Greeks fooled the Trojans with that infamous wooden horse full of warriors, it seems that certain legal minds have looked upon gift bearing with suspicion and here we're talking about matters political or dynastic, like gifts of valuable chattels or acreage.<br /><br />The very first sentence of `Gifts' states that `the French revolutionaries abhorred gift giving....This book explores why the legal mind so often concludes that gift giving is a danger to society.' Later in the text, it's pointed out that the Romans prohibited gift giving between spouses.<br /><br />Another example: in the impressively extensive bibliography, there is a list of over a dozen books/ articles on the ancient custom of potlatch (ceremonially giving valuables away partly to demonstrate your status within the tribe) among the Kwakiutl people of British Columbia in Canada, which infamously was banned by law between about 1884 and 1951.<br /><br />What is there about the authoritarian mind-set that likes banning things, including the giving of gifts?  This is only one of the puzzling phenomena Professor Hyland's `Gifts' addresses.  Our advice is to buy it, borrow it, but don't steal it!<br /><br />Somebody - a grateful colleague, or client perhaps -- might give it to you as a gift and will be interesting reading for Chancery practitioners.<br /><br />ISBN: 978-0-19-534336-6iplines other than the law    * ...and lastly, the individual who thinks about gift giving `from the perspective of the humanities and the social sciences'- and here is where the interdisciplinary nature of the book comes into its own     Ever since those conniving Greeks fooled the Trojans with that infamous wooden horse full of warriors, it seems that certain legal minds have looked upon gift bearing with suspicion and here we're talking about matters political or dynastic, like gifts of valuable chattels or acreage.       The very first sentence of `Gifts' states that `the French revolutionaries abhorred gift giving....This book explores why the legal mind so often concludes that gift giving is a danger to society.' Later in the text, it's pointed out that the Romans prohibited gift giving between spouses.       Another example: in the impressively extensive bibliography, there is a list of over a dozen books/ articles on the ancient custom of potlatch (ceremonially giving valuables away partly to demonstrate your status within the tribe) among the Kwakiutl people of British Columbia in Canada, which infamously was banned by law between about 1884 and 1951.      What is there about the authoritarian mind-set that likes banning things, including the giving of gifts?  This is only one of the puzzling phenomena Professor Hyland's `Gifts' addresses.  Our advice is to buy it, borrow it, but don't steal it!     Somebody - a grateful colleague, or client perhaps -- might give it to you as a gift and will be interesting reading for Chancery practitioners.      ISBN: 978-0-19-534336-6
0307266303|5.0|I started reading this book expecting a scientific treatise regarding barefoot running vs. expensive running shoes.  Instead I found a rollicking story full of interesting, larger-than-life characters.  It is fast paced and well-written enough to hold a non-runners attention.    As a sufferer of a 3-year bout with Plantar Fasciitis, which I recently shook, the running style of the Tarahumara struck me like a brick in the head.  I have this book to thank for my renewed joy in running.
B000A6EXNO|5.0|I don't know why somebody complained, but it worked perfectly for my D700. Just follow the attached instruction, and installation should be no problem. It's just a two-piece product, simple, cheap, and most of all, it works.
0307120007|2.0|This book is just begging to be ripped apart, I did not realize how flimsy it was from the picture.
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|[[ASIN:B000OT8GCQ Dear John]]    Oh my goodness ordered this book finished in a day hands down great romance I loved it it made me seriously cry and laugh, just knowing that the love that they had for each other was authentic helped with the ending.  Wonderful book you have to read this.  Make sure you have plenty of tissue and time you won't want to put it down. Happy Reading
0061914177|5.0|This book was amazing!! I am a motivated person, always have been and always will be. Also, I am a person who feels the need constantly to try to balance life with my work life but always struggled. Reading CRUSH IT made me realize that if something is my passion, then it is my life...not work!! The motivation I felt after reading this book was incredible...READ IT and CRUSH IT!!
B002T9H2LA|3.0|When the trailers hit the air waves, I was sure that this would be a fun \\"shoot-em-up\\", light on plot, long on \\"Killing Nazis\\" - always a hoot - movie. As Bruce Willis once said, \\"Sorry Hans, wrong guess!\\" Brad Pitt gives a near-cartoon performance as the blood and guts GI team leader but he never breaks character, never winks at the camera and soldiers on bravely right to the end (pun intended). But this is a wanna-be serious movie that addresses the possibility of a dead Hitler and shortened war. It attempts a classic American theme - how a \\"Superman\\" (or in this case, a Super Woman) can, by one brave act, change history. But Tarantino is no Melville and this is no Moby Dick. It is a mockingly serious film about one of the most dangerous times in world history. I wasn't exactly expecting that based on the movie trailers - however, was that my bad?<br /><br />I suspect, this may eventually become a cult film - mostly because of the power of the Tarantino name and partly because of the amazing performance by Christopher Waltz as the very, very bad Nazi (isn't that redundant?). Waltz's character is so evil that you really want to beat him senseless with your Louisville Slugger. In the end, you have to ask yourself if he actually gets his just punishment. I haven't made up my mind on that score!<br /><br />Approached as just another war flick would be to miss the point. Tarantino has created a film that has many layers that add to the mystery, interest and (dare I say) fun. But in the end, it isn't a perfect film; it some how misses the mark but that feeling may be due to the way it was originally sold to put butts in the seats. This is a much more serious movie than (at least) I expected. After a careful screening, I feel it has an interesting story to tell and like all Hollywood movies, has an interesting fantasy / fairy tale quality. Will you like it? I can't say. I think if I had approached it with a better understanding of the story and the plot, maybe this would be a 4 star review. Right now, it's your call.review. Right now, it's your call.
0316067598|1.0|This book is terrible.  Terribly written, full of hypocrisy, and generally a waste of time.  It's full of right wing rhetoric, religious zealotry, and Texan chest beating.  While the actual story, about what happened and surviving the aftermath is interesting, there are about 250-300 pages which don't actually talk about the plot at all or serve any sort of character development.  While I can respect Luttrell for his sacrifices for his country, he is an embarrassment as a human being.  It's depressing that Luttrell is a serving abroad and representing the United States of America with his narrow minded ignorance.
0061914177|5.0|OK here's the deal.<br /><br />People are screaming out this book is too simple. There is nothing in it that will tell me how. This is just another guy who got rich and now wrote a book about it.<br /><br />Hello are you there!!!<br /><br />That is EXACTLY the point of the book.<br /><br />There is no secrets to social media. There is no one way get rich tickets. There is however a hard working method that we saw in Gary...let me correct that...that we see in Gary even today.<br /><br />What he is trying to tell us that to make it BIG you need to work it BIG.<br /><br />Sure he goes into minimal details on exactly how he did it. But I do not think that was the point of the book. The point was know thyself and promote thyself. That is what he did, that is what he is doing and that is what he wants you to do.<br /><br />Sadly enough, the same people who screamed out this is nothing new, ask yourself this, if it is so simple...did you write a book?<br /><br />Again, not saying the book has everything you need to make it. I am saying that the book gives you the fire and the passion to make it BIG.<br /><br />So you can read the book, review it, and say \\"eh, just another book\\" and forever go on your merry way. OR you can read the book, review it and say \\"I am now going to make it\\". Your choice.<br /><br />I know I am going to use everything he says here. I know I will crush it.<br /><br />Are you?
0446560065|3.0|While I enjoy the videos on YouTube from Simon, I have to say the book was a bit of a letdown.  While there are some of the sketches that are unique and funny, most of them are redrawn multiple times throughout the book in different contexts.    I still am looking forward to more videos, but this book falls far short of my expectations.
0060558121|5.0|American Gods is written by famed comics writer Neil Gaiman, best known for his work on the Sandman comics and his occassional collaborations with Terry Pratchet. However, I know him best as the translator for Miyazaki's film Princess Mononoke, easily one of my favorite films of all time. So I was happy enough to start off on American Gods. However, I had other things I was reading and try as I might it was difficult for me to find the time. Worse yet, it kept on getting lost, which was a genuine problem because it was really my mom's book and was on loan. However, I eventually tracked it down and dragged it with me to school where, after finishing about half a dozen books, I finally picked up and read my way through it.<br /><br />I wasn't disappointed.<br /><br />American Gods follows the tale of ex-convict Shadow. Having just served three years in prison after he got in a robbery-related fistfight Shadow is eager to return home to his young wife and move on. However, just a month before his release Shadow receives the proverbial good news and bad news. Good news: he's going to get out of prison early. Bad news: it's because his wife just died and the warden figures it's only fair Shadow gets to go to her funeral. Depressed, Shadow takes his leave and heads for his home in Eagle Point, Indiana.<br /><br />On the airplane he meets a mysterious stranger in a pale suit. The man offer his name as \\"Mr. Wednesday\\" and tells Shadow he has a job for him. Initially, Shadow turns down the offer, but as it becomes clear there's little left for him at home, he takes the mysterious man up on his offer. It wouldn't really be spoiling anything at this point (at least to those with a basic knowledge of linguistics) to reveal that it quickly turns out that his employer, Mr. Wednesday, is really the All-Father Odin from Norse mythology and that most of the eccentric characters that surround him are fellow gods or other supernatural beings. Weakened by lack of worship the gods have embarked on a quest to restore themselves and defeat the \\"new gods\\" of America who've usurped their position.<br /><br />The story is highly involving and while it take a while to get going it becomes really engaging around one third of the way through the book, once we get past introductions. It's at this point that the conflict between old gods and new gods begins to heat up and we learn some of the nature behind the gods and their position in America. The story is accented also by little flashbacks revealing how the gods were literally imported to the Americas by such people as the Norse or indentured servants in Colonial America. These little bits, while a little irrelevant to the story as a whole, do much to add to the interesting atmosphere of Gaiman's fictional universe.<br /><br />The characters of American Gods are by far one of the most interesting parts about the book. Shadow, the main character, is perhaps not the most interesting of them but he is still a strong protagonist and one who doesn't fill either the typical hero or the typical antihero slot. Instead, he's, likely deliberately, a noble sort of an everyman. Of the supporting characters arguably the strongest is Mr. Wednesday / Odin, who plays such a prominent in the story. Witty and good humored he's certainly the most elaborate, weaving elaborate plots even as he seduces nearly every young woman he comes across or engages in petty cons in order to raise some cash for the road.<br /><br />The technical aspects of American Gods are stronger than in many novels. Often I'll read a novel whose story and characters are brilliant but whose prose drags on and I often find myself skipping over. American Gods is not one of those and Gaiman manages to hold my attention throughout most of the novel. In a large part this is because of the interesting way in which he writes the pieces of narrative from Shadow's perspective, with Shadow's thought processes almost merged with the text in spite of the fact thatit's in a 3rd-person, past-tense format. The text leaps out with a very personal touch that comes off as sincere and utterly human.<br /><br />Overall, American Gods is a classic well-deserving of its acclaim.xt leaps out with a very personal touch that comes off as sincere and utterly human.    Overall, American Gods is a classic well-deserving of its acclaim.
B000JQU4TW|5.0|Although the entire book is solid, the dialog in the first chapter should be required reading.
B001GAPC1K|5.0|I'll be the first to admit here that I'm really not a comics buff.    I buy comics occasionally and sometimes, I like them. But the comics I buy are far more likely to be, say, the newest trade paperback of Knights of the Old Republic than a Spider-Man comic. In fact, I've never bought a typical superhero comic book, though I've read a few. In part that's because I'm obsessive over continuity and I couldn't force myself to read every Spider-Man, X-Men, or Batman comic in existence. So when I read superhero comics I tend to lean towards new continuities, such as Ultimate Marvel.    So I like superhero movies. When they're good. I thought the first Hulk film was embarassingly awful, in spite of having an excellent director and cast. I was passionately disappointed with both the third Spider-Man and X-Men films and I, to this day, still don't understand what's so good about the new Superman movie (but then again I always thought that character was silly). So given all the disappointments I wasn't sure what to expect of the new Iron Man film. On the one hand, the previews looked good, the ratings from critics were astounding (the best rated film this year!), and people had told me it was good. So I had high expectations. But a tiny, little voice inside of me kept telling me that I was setting up for a disappointment, to remember last few year's superhero movies, and that the hype never is lived up to.    Fortunately, that little voice was wrong - this time.    Surprisingly, given the fact that the script wasn't finished at the time of filming, the story is one of Iron Man's strongest points.    The story of Tony Stark's transformation from billionaire to superhero is handled alot better than many origin stories, which often come off as what they are - preludes, prologues, promises for a bigger story. It was the problem with the first Spider-Man film and it was even worse for the first X-Men. But Iron Man, like Batman Begins delivers a story that both promises more (particularly in the last scenes of both) but at the same time delivers a fun and complete story in of itself. Maybe it has something to do with superheroes that don't have superpowers. Or maybe it's because the folks at both Marvel and DC are beginning to realize they need to reinvent the superhero movie into something more in order to retain audience interest after so many.    And like the best of the Marvel films it doesn't rely on knowledge of the old superhero comics on which it is based, drawing from both the old continuity and the new Ultimate Marvel stuff. Which is probably the best way to go through with it, since a lot of fans have nostalgia for the old comics but whereas Ultimate Marvel is more befitting for our current time.    Tony Stark, of course, steals the show and not least because of the acting behind him. But he also stands on his own as a wry, egotistical, and intelligent superhero who stands out from just about every other superhero. There's not really, as far as I can tell, another guy like him in either the Marvel or DC universes. There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo). But there's not really another superhero who both plays the Lawful Good card and can act like a scoundrel at the same time. It's a nice juggling act and done well here.    The transformation of Stark into... a weapons-hater is a little less convincing. This is derived, from what I understand, was a major shift in Marvel's approach to the Vietnam War back in the 1970s, when their readers made it clear they opposed the war (which Iron Man had previously been supporting). So they made Stark into a pseudo-pacifist, which really doesn't work. Thankfully they figure that out and moved on, turning him once again into a super-soldier, though one with a strong set of moral boundaries. I have a feeling, given how Iron Man acts in the film,that this is sort of where Stark is going in the films as well. A good thing too as the whole concept of a superhero walking around in a combat exoskeleton who believes weapons are by default evil and should be destroyed is hardly believable.    That said, he doesn't lose his touch once he makes the transformation.    As for the supporting characters one of the more interesting is Obadiah Stane, who I'd thought was an original character but who I later learned is from the comics. Although near the end of the film his character declines into cliches throughout about 80% of the film he's as engaging as Stark himself. He fills that borderline between comfort and discomfort, of a character you can't quite really decide on who he is or what he stands for. He's elusive. And that's how it's meant to be and that's how it should be. On the other hand, James Rhodes is less interesting as a character though he still manages to make himself endearing. More or less he's the military man stuck with a guy (Stark, of course) who he likes but can't help but realize is a total pain in the ass. Similarly, Stark's Girl Friday \\"Pepper Potts\\" (how I wish I was making that name up) is thoroughly and irredeemably boring. Why is it that superhero girlfriends have always got to be absolutely unmissable?    The special effects in Iron Man are pretty good - though they're not the best I've seen, either in film *or* in television (they're roughly Battlestar-like in quality). As good as the effects are though, they're not the star of the film's production values. That's the cast. Indeed, there are a large number of big-name actors in this film - the biggest name being the aforementioned Gwyneth Paltrow though oddly she's the least interesting of the cast. But, Robert Downey Jr. (as the titular Iron Man / Tony Stark) and Jeff Bridges (as Obadiah Stane) are the true stars of this film and fill out their roles wonderfully, bringing wit and life to the characters they play.    Downey is likely the best casting choice for a superhero lead since Christian Bale and, as OSC put it, \\"we never get a sense that the actor is playing his part with tongue in cheek; instead, Downey is playing a character who lives his life with tongue in cheek.\\" And Downey does this wonderfully. Likewise, Bridges is excellent.    Overall, Iron Man is a brilliant superhero film that, alongside The Dark Knight, has helped to reinvigorate the genre.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|This is one of my favorite shows.  I owned the first two seasons but they were so big and bulky I felt owning the rest would take up an ENTIRE bookshelf not to mention would cost a fortune.  This set is very compact with all 6 seasons AND the movies DVD.  Amazon gives you the tip that other customers have bought \\"Dr Quinn: The Movies\\" with this set but it's not necessary. I bought it together and opened both packages before realizing it was already included. Great quality show and packaging.  Only complaint is that for six seasons worth it didn't come with more special features, but that's very minor.  Can't beat this price!  Great!
B001R0KH3M|5.0|Wonderful great I will watch this and show this over and over again. Great concert just wish I could have been there.
0812550706|3.0|Ender's Game, rightly or wrongly, is a highly popular book. I picked this book up, not so much because I like sci-fi reading (I don't), but because the main character is a military genius and that is what I am interested in. I was not disappointed in the main character. The rest of the book, I was.      Negatives first, then. I was encouraged by Card's lengthy introduction. He wrote well, with wit and amusement and I looked forward to such writing in the novel. It was not there. Card's writing style was, at best, lazy and at worst, distracting. In his intro, on addressing the style of writing he used, Card states that     \\"I designed Ender's Game to be as clear and accessible as any story of mine could be. My goals was that the reader wouldn't have to be trained in literature or even in science fiction to receive the tale in its simplest, purest form.\\"    Rather than an explanation, this is an excuse for deliberately choosing to write poorly and making sport of the reader's intelligence in the process. A story can be simply and still be well written. Card's odd uses of sentence structures, (\\"'Do you understand that?' And he whispered. 'The game is over.'\\"), was distracting and his characters' stilted manner of speech was annoying and at times confusing. Card often had the children lapsing into slang and so perhaps what he wrote is considered \\"correct.\\" However, if it only serves to distract the reader, then, correct or not, it needs to change.     Once again, I am reminded by why I enjoy reading children's books so much. Whenever I venture into \\"Adult\\" fiction written after 1870, the book is practically guaranteed to be riddled with foul language and so much of it is largely unnecessary. The children in Ender's Game are particularly disgusting to read in this respect. In fact, the children read more as though Card is relying heavily on crude slang and stereotyping to give his characters any sort of depth.    A quick tangent: this is not much of a science fiction story, either. Card wrote this book well before the internet, Blackberries, and Google Wave and chat. It is startling, then, to realize that Card's world is a world we are living in today (minus spaceships hanging around Saturn). In that respect, the book is less a sci-fi book than a commentary on today's culture, complete with the author's intrusive views on religion, evolution, life, death, and the value there of. His politics in the book easily reveal when the book was written and what the world and America were concerned about then. More often than not, I thought it weakened the story, but at the same time it makes his book all the more human. Card's is a realistic book. It is a book one can see coming true.      The true strength of the book, however is the main protagonist, Ender. Here is where the book gains brilliance and satisfaction. Just as the Earth relied on Ender for its survival, so does Card rely on Ender for his book's survival. And survive it does! Card's deft handling of a child genius was brilliant and completely satisfying. Ender is not a character that will be forgotten. He remains a curious and incredible creation. He is more member of concrete history than of changing fiction.      After a rather harsh criticism of Card's writing style, it seems only fair to praise his story-telling skills. Each chapter opened with an ambiguous discussion of Ender by several adults, (who deserve a nod of recognition, they were well crafted). Such interludes served only to heighten the interest of a story that was surprisingly repetitive and drawn out. And perhaps that is where Card succeeds. The book is dull and slow, and lacks the sparkle of sci-fi technology. And yet, he manages to string the reader along, luring them with little hints here and there, and before the reader has realized what has happened, the book is over, Ender's Game is finished and the reader, most surprising of all perhaps, is satisfied.     To conclude, Ender's Game is not a brilliant book. The writing style is cheap and annoying, the characters flat, the action relatively low key, and the plot twists sadly predictable. And yet, despite the crudeness of the story, there is the boy Ender. Ultimately, Ender's Game is a book of contradictions, the story's weaknesses are also the story's strengths, and Ender is the greatest strength of all.
0312430000|4.0|As a professional nurse, I realize that life has become so complicated, that I want to give the best care possible, and that I need some help. Atul Gawande, is not the first person to come to the realization that checklists are the way to go. He has, however, written about his experiences brilliantly.<br /><br />I have been involved in many health care improvement projects. This has all led to the realization that the way I practice my craft has changed enormously. One of the most important of these realizations is that we need to include the patient in every aspect of care. After all, is that not why we are here, for our patients? Who better to give us expertise from their advantage point. Dr Gawande has gone a step further and has looked at other professions and how they have overcome the complexities of their profession. The airlines, he discovered use checklists. Now, checklists can be cumbersome, you need to be able to make a checklist that is concise, does not take much time and will be used. Nurses understand that change with physicians can be a black hole. Often, each physician thinks their way of 'doing things' is the best. To corral them into using a checklist takes expertise and good outcomes. What Dr Gawande gives us is that by using a simple checklist for surgeons, outcomes for patients improved 46%. Unbelievable results. However, Dr Gawande has also told us that there has not been one day since he started using checklists that he realized he and his team might have overlooked a step. Certainly, not every step would have avoided a death, but each step will give better outcomes.<br /><br />Such a simple thing, really, checklists. Busy people, caught in the complexities of life can change their ways and can produce better outcomes by using a simple checklist. Don't we make checklists when we go to market? Realizing, of course, we can't remember everything we need. Ah ha! A moment of recognition- it could work for any aspect of our life. Saving lives is Dr Gawande's method, but making our lives simpler and more productive is just as important. An ah ha moment in reality!<br /><br />Highly Recommended. prisrobGawande's method, but making our lives simpler and more productive is just as important. An ah ha moment in reality!<br /><br />Highly Recommended. prisrob
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|I do love how Sparks gives you a true love story! He takes you on a journey full of love,hope,laughter and heartbreak.  I have read it twice and have passed it along. Really looking forward to the movie! Do yourself a favor and get this one.
B000JQUKKU|5.0|This is the first work by Dickens I have ever read, and I am excited to read more! I was expecting some turn-of-the-century, long-winded story... but it reads very well. I would definitely recommend it to my 11 year old cousin.  It's short, well written, entertaining... and FREE!!!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|This book is a lot of fun and I wasn't able to put it down. After I finished it I drove to the nearest book store and bought the second one. After I finished the second one, I went on amazon to see if there was a third and to my horror, I have to wait until August! But until then, I am encouraging everyone I know to read this book. The plot may sound a little familiar (battle royale anyone?) but this story pulls you in from the beginning and holds you fast until the end. Even in one of the early scenes, you can already feel the heartbreak of Katniss when she volunteers to enter the games in place of her sister. I would describe the whole plot, but I feel that would be wasteful and pointless. Read this book and find it out for yourself! If you don't love it, then you're crazy!
B002MJV7JA|3.0|This klan hit a slump this season...not that season one was oscar winning material but it was entertaining.
B002QE3CTY|2.0|The description sounds fun, and since I loved 'The Hunger Games' (which was awesome, btw.. go read that book, NOT this one!) I was told this was similar and worth reading. This book has bad character development, you are never really invested in the main character. The author doesn't paint a great picture, I was never drawn in or intrigued by the setting or the dilemma facing the characters. Everything is very two dimensional and bland. I toughed it out until the end hoping it would get better, and it didn't... ever. I have no interest in continuing the series. All I felt upon finishing was regret, regret that I had wasted my time and money on this book. I give it two stars instead of one because I was able to finish it, which if it had been completely horrid wouldn't have been possible. For boring - two stars.
B001E2JNA6|3.0|This review is specifically related to the blu ray version.  If you're looking for an always crystal clear and sharp version of this classic on blu-ray, akin to a new release movie in blu ray, you will find this wanting.  I don't normally buy multiple versions of movies, and I happen to also have this on VHS and regular DVD.  But I have always been frustrated by the grainy, poor resolution of this otherwise great movie, a problem that seems typical of many BBC productions.  I so wanted to see this in good resolution that I bought the blu ray to play on my 42\\" LG 1080p TV and LG blu ray player in LG's top of the line home theater system. The results, for me, were mixed.      The resolution is better than it was.  But there's still noticible graininess in the transfer, and fuzziness in most scenes. I don't know whether it is the lenses they used to shoot, the lighting, or the camera, or perhaps just a choice to deliberately shoot scenes slightly out of focus.  But the hoped for jump to always sharp 1080p HD resolution just isn't there.  Outdoor scenes seemed noticibly better to me than indoor ones -- perhaps it was lighting in many of those historic sites or they used different camera there. Or perhaps there was a deliberate design to shoot scenes slightly out of focus.  But I still felt frustrated.  Take the simplest example -- the opening credits, shot over scenes of embroidery and clothing.  These have always been in soft focus.  You could never really see the detail of the threadwork or workmanship because the items were fuzzy, and for no good reason.  Why shoot them in close up but in soft focus? I had thought the poor resolution was the transfer from film to VHS or DVD. But they are still not in focus in blu ray, so it can't be the transfer.      If you can't get focus on a still shot it doesn't bode well for the actual filming. And unfortunately you can see visible graininess in many indoor and some outdoor scenes. However, some outdoor scenes actually do lookstartlingly sharp and clear. You get to those scenes and think perhaps the transfer was better than you had thought, and wonder if your perceptions before were wrong. But then the focus goes out again in the next scene change.  I realized the focus is just uneven. You can actually see the focus jump from sharp to fuzzy as scenes change. I even thought there was also some shakiness at times in the film, where the focus seems to go in and out in the same scene, either from camerawork or I don't know what. This is not a scenario that I've experienced on any other blu ray disc, so I think it is just a factor of how this move was shot or transferred. It's just not consistent. Some scenes have clearly visible graininess. Some seem to have terrible focus. Some are sharp and clear. It's a mix.    There is a little featurette on the transfer process to HD that describes the problems they experienced and how they overcame them -- at least in part. Certainly this blu ray transfer is better than the standard definition. But I can't say it is great or comparable to a blu ray release of a current movie.  Probably it is as good as they can do with an old film shot for TV and the current technology.    As for the other attributes with this edition, there are a few new featurettes, including a location \\"walkabout\\" with the actors who played Wickam and Mary that gave you a chance to see the \\"Longbourne\\" location set as it is now. I haven't watched all the new featurettes, but there are some new ones to add to the value of the blu ray edition.    The audio to me did not seem markedly improved.    So is this worth purchasing? The price is certainly reasonable, and the transfer is a bit better, so I'd say yes.  I don't think you'll be disappointed if you come into it with limited expectations, which is the point of this review. I was really hoping for a finally sharp, clear, non grainy, high definition version of this movie to marvel at, akin to a typical blu ray release of a current movie. You just aren't going to see that, so it is better not to expect it.  I don't know what the problem is -- again if not the transfer, it may just be the film or the lenses or lighting used or a deliberate decision to shoot some scenes in soft focus.  So for this blu ray edition, expect something better  -- because it is better -- but it's not great. Then you won't be too disappointed.
0316666343|1.0|I got the Kindle sample and was not impressed but talked myself out of my hesitation because the book had received so many positive reviews. I should have followed my instincts.  Each page was a bigger disappointment and totally unbelievable...a mother who lost a child runs off and abandons her other children is not something a mother would do....a 14 year old girl who is raped and murdered has a chance to come back to experience life and chooses to come back to have sex with a boy she barely knew is not something a rape victim would do. I am really confused as to why so many people enjoyed this book.
0670021652|5.0|I loved this book. I admit that as an Australian who recently married an American after a whirlwind long-distance courtship that ranged from Papua New Guinea to Kenya, Committed gave me a lot to recognize and not a few things to laugh at. However, I don't think you have to be a globetrotting reckless romantic (or, on the other hand, someone deeply wary of marriage) to enjoy this book, and to learn from it. The story is cleverly structured by the necessity of a government-mandated \\"shotgun wedding\\". The reflections on the history and meaning of marriage and committed relationships are inherently interesting. I appreciated the lens she turned upon her own life, and I think Gilbert is at her best when she's sharing reactions and interactions that spring from her closest relationships. I was left wanting more, of everything. (Lisa McKay, author of [[ASIN:B002PJ4P2S My Hands Came Away Red]]).
B00004Y6NP|5.0|I bought Brothers in Arms in 1985.  Here it is 2010, & I'm still listening to it. Talk about staying power !!! And I've listened to eveything since, up to Mark Knopfler's latest 2009 release \\"Get Lucky\\".  Don't go to concerts any longer, but can't pass up the once in a lifetime chance to see Mark Knopfler live in concert April 11, 2010, in Eugene, OR. (Hult Center).  I get to see one of the best; I did get lucky !!! This is a classic; Dire Straits best. Excellent songwriting and music.  You remember these songs.
0307454541|5.0|This was an action packed book with great characters...very different characters.  It is a step by step mystery, and sometimes the girl with the dragon tattoo seems to take a backseat to the main story, but then at the end all you can think about is her.
B002RVZV9K|5.0|I'm a music teacher in a public school, I have a Rock Band class and found out about the movie from one of my students.  I wasn't familiar with Jack White's music nor was I a huge fan of the Edge but as a devoted Zeppelin fan I was in it just to see the insights that Page would offer to the conversation.  Like another reviewer said, I was hooked, I didn't want to leave nor did I want them to leave.  I sat around and watched all the extras in the first sitting just trying to get them to stay around a little longer.  I brought the movie in to school and we watched it as a part of class. Even non-guitar players in the group really liked the movie more for the insights into the musical beginnings that each player offered.  The stories that the Edge told were an almost exact re-telling of the kids in our Rock Band, what a way to inspire new musicians!<br /><br />The closet-groupie in me was psyched to get a glimpse at Jimmy's music rooms and a glimpse into his everyday life.  It really drew in the viewer in a way that no Zeppelin film ever could.  The early footage of the group recording at Headley Grange and of Jimmy in his session days was worth the price of admission.<br /><br />Some complain about the selection of guitarists for this film. After watching it for the 3rd time I can understand why the 3 were chosen.  They weren't necessarily chosen for their technical skill but for what they've done for the guitar in their respective time periods.  Page was one of the innovators of rock guitar in the 60s and 70s, Edge was an innovator in his use of effects and creating that shimmering 80s sound.  Jack White just doesn't have much competition these days, sure plenty of folks are still playing guitar but many are emulating SRV or the sounds of Page, Beck, Clapton or Hendrix.  He'll get the younger generation involved and he's developing his own sound, just as the others had.<br /><br />With all that said, I felt like there was a lot more I would have liked to have heard them talk about.  Some questions that us guitar players (who don't have our own guitar techs) would have liked to have heard the answers to as far as tone, amps, pickups, etc.  I'm sure these things weren't touched upon as much because the folks doing the talking already have that sort of thing figured out.  Maybe a sequel?  Just let me know, I've got plenty of topics for discussion in mind  ;-)<br /><br />All in all a great movie and well worth a place in your library whether you're a guitarist, fan or someone looking to make it in the world of rock.
039472903X|2.0|The book read more like an ode to Ogilvy then a book on the mechanics of advertising.  What I was looking for was a book that would improve my skills in convincing people to make cultural changes at work.  This book did not help me.  I had to get rid of it because my kids saw the naked women advertisement examples.
B000URDCC6|5.0|Love having this movie. My 4 year old granddaughter is now watching it. She likes all the many children and the singing. A wonderful  musical movie for movie collections. Definitely one of the best movies ever!
B000NQPZCY|2.0|I have this movie both the DVD Theatrical release and the Blu Ray Director's Cut. Honestly, I think Tony Scott is an awesome director but not such a good editor, the story flows much better in the original release and Christian Wagner is a far better storyteller than Scott.<br />For those who don't get what I am saying; imagine Pulp Fiction shown as a traditional movie beginning when Travolta buys drugs from Eric Stoltz to the moment in which Bruce Willis departs on Zed's chopper.<br />I hope someday they release the orifinal version on BluRay, then it's going to be worth every single cent, and more.
6305922756|5.0|this movie is a classic. so many quotes. i love it. its one of my all time favorites. anyone who wants to laugh should watch this movie.
0887306667|5.0|I've read numerous books on Marketing.  I must say this little gem is the very best.  The book was originally written about 15 years ago so many of the examples are a somewhat outdated, but you can still see the points easily.  Short chapters with fun and interesting stories on real-life companies.  A very enjoyable read, yet it makes you think.  Buy the book.  Read the laws; and violate them at your own risk!
1420926217|3.0|This edition is NOT the Folger Edition that has notes and definitions like the other reviewers have stated! It is just the text. I bought this for a class based on the reviews and was very disappointed. If you want the Folger Edition that these reviews are talking about, click on the link above their review. I now have to buy a different edition for the notes!!! Waste of money!!!
B0026P3G12|5.0|I purchased 9 copy of I dreamed a dream for Christmas present 09 they all arrived quickly. Easily slipped into card enveloped for mailing. Because of the story line behind of the singer everyone was surprised and thankful for the gift.   My mother 84 years old. My childhood friend ,others dealing will illness enjoyed her music.My copy was played in a rest home  Christmas eve.I do not have allot to spend for the holidays. Amazon was the most cost effect.Susan Boyle voice is beautiful she express my thought for the Holidays and winter months in remote Alaska.People December issue gave her a poor review if they only knew?
B00003CXD5|5.0|I've seen this movie many times now, and I wanted a copy of my own.  This one did not disappoint me, and I enjoyed the extra disc with Special Features.
B00168OIOE|5.0|My wife and I really love this movie. We bought the regular DVD when it came out and really enjoyed the Blu-Ray version.
141690977X|5.0|Whew .. the title says it all. Gals: Listen up!! Or shall I say, READ UP!!! If he doesn't call because he's to busy or is working to much or a million other \\"reasons\\" these are flimsy EXCUSES. Dump him before he dumps you.. Don't believe me? Read this book .. it is so right-on that you will be going yep yep yep!
B0009MDPYM|5.0|Putting aside the cheap Keanu jokes, this is his best film of this past decade. The Matrix? Pfft. Yes, I've seen The Lake House, and Something's Gotta Give, and A Scanner Darkly (actually, never finished it), and none of them boast a Keanu performance that can be honestly called 'essential'. He's good, but passable.     Surprising, then, that a superhero movie based on an iconic, blond, *English* demonslayer would end up one of Reeves' definitive roles. He nails the jerkiness and been-there-done-that attitude of the character perfectly. (I would have thought James Marsters would be a better fit. Who knew?)    Anyone who has seen End of Days will see similarities here. Between the two, I prefer Constantine, if only because the female lead (Rachael Weisz) isn't annoyingly weak in this one. Granted, Angela still finds herself in peril, but at least she isn't a jittery mess, unlike Robin Tunney who had to be dragged place to place by Arnold for the whole movie.     The film wouldn't be half the success it is without the dual performances of Tilda Swinton and Peter Stormare as the archangel Gabriel and Satan, respectively. Stormare is supposed to be a surprise, but his version of Satan is already fairly well-known, even if the movie itself is underrated. It just proves that with awesome actors, even such well-trodden ground as a biblical action thriller can be spun in an original direction.
B000WZOMRA|5.0|I'm disappointed that Danny Kaye doesn't get the respect he deserves as a comedian and an actor. The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a fantastic film and second only to Kaye's The Court Jester (my favorite Kaye movie). Lots of great fun in the film with hilarious songs in the daydream sequences. A must for Kaye fans. Ta-pocketa, Ta-pocketa, Ta-pocketa!
0060254920|5.0|Very good book to read to small children. They love it when you  \\"Roar\\" for the wild things!
0064407667|4.0|I thought that this book was really good. It's written from the narrators point of view which I think makes it more interesting. At first I thought that this book would be kind of boring and dark and gloomy but, a friend suggested it so I decided to read it. I didn't think that it was bad at all. It was really mysterious. The narrator would describe something coming and you wouldn't really know what it was until the end of that section which i think made it a real page turner. Something would always happen that wasn't expected to happen and it would always change the course of events and made you want to keep reading which is good for people that don't really like to read or, for people that have difficulty reading if the book gets boring in some parts and need something to make them want to keep reading. I thought that this book was really good.
0375851569|5.0|Great collection. They allow my children 9 & 7 year olds to read on there own. These books have been around for years and never seem to grow old.
B001ADPMQS|5.0|Family Friendly movie. Dudley Moore and John Lithgow are hilarious. I purchased this movie for my daughter. I remember it when I was her age. I highly recommend this movie.
0316069906|3.0|I was disappointed in this book- it was rambling and disorganized and a lot of the stories and information were not new at all- several of the ancedotes are straight out of widely circulated brochures.  It's a good topic though- and I encourage everyone to read as much as they can about factory farming.
B000W93CXQ|5.0|Amazing book. The author's lauguage made m feel like I was sitting right next to Clay holding his hand. I couldn't put this down. I would definetly recommend this for anyone looking for an emoton filled novel to read.
1878424505|5.0|Simple, easy to follow and to the point.  Don Miguel Ruiz gives an easy follow to guide on how we can all become aware of the chaos around us and change our lives.  This book is great for anyone looking for an awakening or a change in their life.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The CD of Susan Boyle is Great.  Her voice is outstanding. There were a couple of the gospel songs that had an organ accompaning. The organ was too loud and drowned out her voice, but the rest was beautiful enough to  make up for it. I hope Susan can just remain herself and let that lovely voice ring out.  Her managers or whomever are trying to change her too much. I think she is a such a beautiful, extraordinary person.  I look forward to Susan's next recording.   Fern Moore
B00006LPK5|5.0|Its not often you get to see three modern action heroes starting out together. But this film has Christian Bale ( aka Batman ), Gerard Butler ( aka Leonidas from 300 ) and Matthew McConaughey from ( aka Dirk Pitt in Sahara ). This film is set in England with the finale backdrop located in London. Unusually enough the London scenes were filmed in the Dublin docklands in Ireland.   This truly is a must have for dragon lovers. A post apocoliptic masterpiece, it gives us everything we expected from the genre world created without having supermen to ruin it. These characters are unpolished and feel very real. Great effects too.  Buy it or rent it, it is a must see!!
B002P8O29K|5.0|What can you say, the Rolling Stones at their BEST, This is when Rock and Roll was also at is't best !!!!!
B000WMEAKC|5.0|I bought the album as was recommended and can only say it far exceeded anything I imagined. Truly a great collection of music.
B0019LY5IM|5.0|Even though I had pre-ordered this DVD, somehow I accidently ordered 2 - in separate orders - it was confusing with the reserved order.  It worked out okay though since I was able to give it as a Christmas present.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I was blown away by the voice on the cd and the genre variation of music. Classical, spiritual, easy-listening - amazing!<br />Very glad I bought the cd.
0439023483|5.0|This book is so amazing I finished my homework for 3 days in 5 minutes just to read it! This is the first time since I finished it that I am on my computer! I didn't even watch TV. I read all of the Underland series in about 3 weeks, so I didn't hesitate to read this. I highly recommend it! Suzanne Collins makes the most likable characters, who can't relate to them? I could have read it in a day if there wasn't school involved. The pace is fast, and if I could go into this book for 5 minutes I would tie up the president of Panem in a chair and yell at him for thinking up (or probably continuing, since hes not that old) the Hunger Games. It is brutal, but its not that bad, and trust me I'm a girl who has trouble watching Gone With the Wind. You will miss out if you don't read it!
0393062430|4.0|This book talks about the application of the game theory to the reallity, with important considerations related to the limits of this approach.<br />Because the reallity is uncertain, it is important to randomize this strategy, but we make it only if we know surely the model.<br />The question of the backward reasonning is related to the simulation of the movements and their reactions in a scenario. The simplest model is given by the sport.<br />The competition is more efficient if it admits a collective interest. For example the smoke industries talk often about the risks of cancer.<br />If the agency activities are considered by step, the results can be better. This fact often don't be true, because the game theory can work weakly.
B002LFAHBO|5.0|I know several people who agree with me that \\"Love Actually\\" is THE outstanding romantic comedy.  Superb acting performances by Hugh Grant, Liam Neeson, Emma Thompson, Colin Firth, and others are quite satisfying.  The film cuts back and forth among the stories of a rather large number of characters who frequently intersect with each other.  Each story is a little gem in itself and they are ALL extraordinarily well done - the screenplay is brilliant (and I hope it won some award!) If you liked \\"Holiday\\" or \\"PS I Love You\\" or \\"Sleepless in Seattle,\\" you may very well find that this one tops them all.
B001OQCV2O|3.0|I am a disaster movie junkie.  Really, I can't get enough of them.  An evening with popcorn and a good disaster movie sounds perfect to me.  And 2012 should have been the grandest disaster movie ever made.  Instead, 2012, while visually magnificent, leaves something to be desired.<br /><br />2012 is the retelling of the Biblical flood story.  Scientists detect the coming of the greatest solar event in the history of man, and realize that the world as we know it will come to an end.  They tell the president and other heads of state, who, of course, keep it secret from the rest of the world.  In a grand attempt to save mankind, great arks are built, in secret.  But who will be selected to man these arks?  Will the human race survive?<br /><br />As stated earlier, this movie is visually stunning.  The disaster effects are amazing and actually feel believable.  I loved California falling into the Pacific.  However, 2012 tries to be every cheesy disaster movie ever made, instead of being its own story.  There are remnants of Earthquake, Volcano, The Poseidon Adventure, Airport, Tidal Wave, Deep Impact, and pretty much every cheap disaster movie made for television by the Sci Fi, pardon me, SyFy channel.  It also borrows quite a bit of story line from the classic When Worlds Collide.  I really wanted 2012 to be its own story in its own right.  Instead, it was just a remix of, well, everything.  And seriously, John Cusack must be the luckiest man alive.  To survive disaster after disaster after close call gets a little monotonous.  The audience stops caring.  Especially since none of the characters are particularly engaging.<br /><br />Overall, if you like high impact action/adventure with incredible visuals, you will like 2012.  If you want a little more story with your disasters, then this may not be a film for you.  It is flawed, clich&eacute;d, and leaves you wanting more.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|The Dangerous Tour Live in Bucharest was excellent.<br /><br />I have never seen Michael Jackson entertain as an<br /><br />adult.  He was a magnificent artist and some.<br /><br />He will always be rememberd for his talent and<br /><br />contributions,he did start with the man in the mirror<br /><br />himself.<br /><br />Marla
0061730327|5.0|Read it yourself, share it with your significant other, hand it to any moody kid over 8 who thinks life sucks! Say \\"insurmountable odds\\" and you barely encompass the challenges this 14 year old in the middle of a famine faces as he tries to change his beloved, poverty stricken village for the better.   This true story is about hope and inspiration in a world the average American can't wrap his mind around. William Kamkwamba is an endearing African teenager, who speaks simply and honestly, with the drive and persistence of a real hero.
0786838655|4.0|The Lightning Thief is about Percy Jackson. He is on a quest to find the master bolt and bring it back to Zeus. The main characters in the book are Percy, Annabeth and a satyr named Grover.  In the story the main characters help each other through mazes and obstacles.  I have felt the same way as Percy.  He was discouraged because everyone at camp said that he was a bad fighter.  I was discouraged when I was at gymnastics. I was trying to do a double front flip.  I just couldn't do the second flip. I liked the book because it was exciting. Percy faced a Minotaur. Sadly, the Minotaur squeezed the life out of Percy's mother. It was a sad moment in the story.  I would recommend this book to a friend because it has lots of action.  I think you should read this book.  WB
B001ED7C58|4.0|This is the background music of the movie and contains none of the contemporary feature pieces like the one by Muse. Very good for listening to as you read the books. Soothing.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|When this movie opened, it immediately became a milestone in cinematography and part of the film canon. It simply has to be seen. If the viewer can go with an open mind and a sense of wonder, so much the better. Much has been made of the tried and true plot, which is told enjoyably. However, the real point of the movie isn't the exploration of the Na'vi culture or even the exploration of corporate greed. The view at the beginning of the movie when the shuttle flies over the strip mining to land at the functional, technologically advanced, utilitarian human headquarter on Pandora sets the tone. The alien awesomeness of Pandora is presented for comparison. Then the clan psychic tells Jake, \\"We shall see if your insanity can be cured.\\"     Cameron is saying we are the insane. Insane to have ravished our planet to the point we have, and to end up arguing among ourselves about the need to repair the damage. Jake isn't really taking to a tree. He is speaking to us. The message is plain. Earth itself may be waiting for our answer.
B000H7JCG4|5.0|gave as a gift to my boyfriend's sister - came fast and was perfect! thanks!
B002QEXN2K|5.0|His music is a consistent reminder that you do not tire of good lyrics and composition.  It is a fabulous CD and we will enjoy it for many years to come.
B000G73U5Y|5.0|i love steely dan and this CD is perfect when i'm in the mood for some of my favorites. also came in perfect condition, packaged great. thanks!
B0002F6BRE|5.0|\\"Elf\\" has become a yearly tradition for us to watch. It ranks up there with \\"Charlie Brown Christmas\\" and \\"A Christmas Story\\" for us. Will Ferrell is so funny as an elf.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|came very quickly and in perfect condition  - one of the best gifts i've ever given. thank you amazon!
B000AM2L1O|5.0|This doll arrived shortly before Christmas at the same time as the Christening Corolle doll did.  Love them both, as they are cuddly, and their faces are especially adorable.  Had shopped local big box and toy stores and didn't find a doll nearly so pretty and practical.  Don't need it to make noises; my two granddaughters provide the \\"talk\\".  I measured, and unlike another reviewer, have found her to be exactly 12\\" tall, although she doesn't look it.  Grandma will be busy sewing doll clothes.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|This is a great movie for the family...a little heavy at times..but it goes right over the kids heads. Sometimes it's great to go far away to a castle with a prince, but this deals with true life things...minus the talking dogs. hahaha! Great Disney movie...a must have for your collection.
B002SJIO4A|2.0|I have not been so let down by a movie since There Will Be Blood. I just didn't see the great movie that everybody was raving about. Aliens and special effects were pretty good and the ending was a good surprise. But the movie dragged and dragged. Cannot recommend this movie unless you have nothing else to watch.
B002H3EUA4|5.0|I purchased this as a gift for my father. This is his all time favorite Christmas movie and this collectors edition was great. He loved it and I did too. Happy I bought it!
B000DWMN2S|5.0|I'd originally seen the movie as a Blockbuster rental and after seeing it I recommended it to everyone had a chance to bring up a new movie.  The movie starts out quirky and slow and then sort of slams you with the obsurd, but then slows back down to present a very interesting and beautiful tale of connections.  I recommend it to all adults.
B000W91RUG|5.0|The product arrived saftley and in the time frame offered. The show is fantastic and I have not laughed so much in years. [[ASIN:B000W91RUG The Big Bang Theory: The Complete First Season]
B002VPE1AM|5.0|Well, it's true - the characterization is a bit derivative: the colonel really lusting to use his destructive power on the \\"aliens\\" who are rapidly cast as \\"hostiles\\" descends directly from Kilgore in \\"Apocalypse Now\\"' - and then we have Jake doing the \\"Dances with Na'vi.\\" But it doesn't matter. This is an amazing experience, a turning point in film craft. Visually incredible, it reminds me of Arthur C. Clarke's famous dictum, \\"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.\\"     I do not believe any other movie has presented such a huge and total immersion in such a richly imagined and detailed - and let's say it, beautiful - environment. The 3-D of course has quite a lot to do with it: it works well - in the version I saw - with the comfortable and non-intrusive glasses one wears. These are not the old red-and-green things of yesteryear. I wore them over my regular glasses and was scarcely conscious they were there.    A sign that this is indeed a harbinger of things to come is that most of the trailers before the movie were for 3-D movies to be released this year. The question comes naturally: well, what's next? Smellavision? Feelyvision? (there have been experiments.)  It seems to me the next step is a more wrap-around experience. I want to see the Imax version: Imax is somewhat more immersive: but I'd like a theater constructed so that the screen subtends an angle of, say 150 degrees at the viewer's eye horizontally and maybe 120 vertically - enough so that you have to look just a little bit down to see the very bottom of the display and a little bit up to see the top.  Not so far round that you miss significant parts of the scene, but far enough that you are not aware of the physical theater apart from the row of heads in front of you.    I believe the military have 360 degree simulation environments, but presumably they only work for one or a very few viewers in the middle. Not the recipe for mass entertainment.      Heigh-ho - we are beginning to live in the world that the science-fiction writers of the 50's and 60's imagined.  The funny thing is, I suspect that even as the writers imagined their new technologies, many of them didn't really believe these things could be possible,at least not for a much longer time to come. Would love to have any of them who are still with us comment on \\"Avatar.\\"
B002VKE1K2|5.0|I have seen so many horror movies, it's not even funny.  Most don't even scare me anymore.  Depending on the gore, most are just gross.  However, this movie scared the heck out of me.  I saw it 2-3 months ago, and I still think of it when I'm by myself trying to fall asleep.  I have to purposefully think of happy thoughts.  The Director was brilliant with this low budget film and newcomers Katie and Micah performed very well, I thought.
B001G8NW6Y|4.0|This is an edited version of a review that I'd previously removed. People didn't feel the first version was helpful, a fact which I suspect to be due to two possibilities, depending upon the individuals involved. For one thing, it was very long. For another, although it praised Halzitt on many points, it was not an obeisant psalm that accepted without question every single thing he asserted (this was the problem for one highly emotional commentator).<br /><br />So out of sensitivity to the preciousness of readers' time, I offer a shorter version. I am, however, still a skeptic and agnostic when it comes to economic schools of thought, so if you worship at the alter of Smith (or even Marx, Keynes, or indeed, any of the august minds that have turned their hand to this soft science), I'm afraid this review will not be for you.<br /><br />Economics In One Lesson (written in 1946, re-published with some updating in 1978) was intended as a layman's introduction to free-market arguments against the continuation of New Deal policies in the postwar era. Halzitt writes beautifully, always respecting the intelligence of the reader. He neither inundates with professional jargon nor clutters up the pages with tons of tables and graphs. He explains and illustrates thoroughly yet not exhaustively. The result is a highly approachable work that has remained popular for decades.<br /><br />Hazlitt's arguments are cogent and it is easy to find plenty of merit in them. However, they are often strongest where they are obsolete. His descriptions of how credit works are downright touching in their quaintness (think: the Bailey Building and Loan in \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\"). In EIOL, there is nothing resembling the kinds of byzantine credit shenanigans which have caused so much trouble of late.<br /><br />Another weakness of the book is that many of the claims made in the original were not re-visited in 1978. Halzitt complained in '46, for example, that the GI Bill was extending credit hither and yon without the tough standards necessary to protect the investment. Halzitt failed to add a footnote in the '78 version letting us know how his dire predictions of mass default turned out. Readers are left to speculate that perhaps the catastrophe never materialized.<br /><br />On the fundamental level, Halzitt falls prey to the quintessential free-market fallacy - an unshakable belief in self-interested rationalism on the part of the capital class. But of course contemporary readers know that racism, sexism and other psychological blind spots historically prevented otherwise worthy credit risks from receiving a fair shake and that government interventions of various kinds have been required to address the problem. Halzitt acknowledges none of this.<br /><br />Finally, historical experience has not been kind to Halzitt's view of things. Halzitt recommends deregulation and unqualified tax cuts for corporations and the rich. They will re-invest in the market, we are told, and the economy will grow. New businesses will come into being or old ones will expand. Jobs will appear, production will rise, more money and goods will come into circulation and everyone will be richer. Reaganomics used the term \\"trickle down theory.\\"<br /><br />But under Reagan, things did not go quite as planned (corporations and the rich found other uses for their increased funds) and by the end of George H. Bush's only term, we were deep in recession. Further deregulation under Clinton and Bush II does not seem to have been much help in building economic sustainability.<br /><br />Perhaps this book's greatest strength lies in teaching critical thinking about economic thought itself. While Hazlitt's specific critiques against continuation of the New Deal and the abuses of unionized labor did have merit, it is his general thesis - that selfish interests will blind people to some important aspect of any given policy's total outcome - is unassailably true, with a capital T.<br /><br />Justremember to turn the same critical eye upon Hazlitt, too.
B001FB55MG|5.0|Bought this for a Christmas gift & received it very quickly. Great price, DVD was in perfect condition.  Amazon is my first choice for on-line purchases.
B000GDH9JQ|4.0|Two of the best dancers in their catagory that ever lived.  This is a great showcase for that talent.  The story line of political power plays was shown from two sides, that of a defected Russian and a disillusioned American.  The music by Phil Collins was a bonus that added to the magic.  The highlight of this movie was the dance sequence with Mikhail Baryshnikov and Gregory Hines.  Beautiful!!
B001HR5AIC|5.0|this was my first time using amazon for anythign and I was extremely happy with it and this seller it was shipped said and got it very fast. will buy from seller again and again adn again. and love my new CD'S thanks again!!!
B002R0F3Q2|4.0|First off let me say that I really respect and appreciate Alicia Keys as an artist and I have been a true fan from the beginning.  I love that all her albums reflect real life and touch your inner most emotions with such a soulful voice. The album Element of Freedom is no different.  Her 1st non musical Intro is so short but yet so powerful!  Some tracks have a different sound, like \\"Love is Blind\\" and \\"This Bed\\" and it's obvious that she is evolving as a woman and an artist.  My favorites are \\"Put it in a Love Song\\", \\"Un-thinkable(I'm Ready)\\", \\"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart\\", \\"Empire State of Mind II\\", \\"Wait Til You See My Smile\\", \\"Like the Sea\\", \\"Distance and Time\\", \\"How it Feels to Fly\\"...Ok, wow let me stop cuz that's most of the album! Anyway, I do love this album and haven't put it down yet.  And no, it's not my favorite album from her (cuz that would be \\"Diary\\"), but I still love it anyway cuz it's Alicia Keys expressing her personal trials and tribulations while growing into her own skin.  Not everyone can express their life's ups and downs through songs, but Alicia always sings straight from the heart and you can't help but to respect that.
B0026P3G12|5.0|It's so sad that Susan had to wait so long to be \\"discovered\\" since her voice is a gift that needed to be shared with the whole world.
B0016PM722|5.0|It's a pretty awesome toy for big time Star Wars fans! I gave it to my boyfriend for Christmas.  We had gone to see the Star Wars Symphony and all the die-hard fans brought their replica lightsabers.  He was totally surprised when he saw that he had another gift from me.  But he was even more surprised to see that it's a lightsaber! He has paraded it to his family members who comes by his place.  They all think he's a big dork but I definitely appreciate his enthusiasm for the toy. The lightsaber is just like in the movies.  The sound effects are pretty cool. Overall, satisfied gift giver and receiver!
B000ZELISO|3.0|Bought this as a gift and could not get the 1st blu-ray disc 1 to work in my blu-ray machine. So I exchanged for a new one, since all my other blu-ray movies work just fine. The replacement didn't work as well. I have a samsung player (have to look up the model number), but noticed that some of the comments indicated that some of the players seem to have done this as well. The Exchange process was good and painless. Luckily we got the combo pack and can still watch the DVD.
B001GWK2MC|5.0|We bought this toy for our 3 toddlers ages 22 months and 3 years. We needed something to wear them out since they are full of energy. Saw that this came with the best reviews so we decided to try it. It sets up easily with an electric pump and deflates just as easily. Fits in our big playroom fine. And the girls adore it. They love when we \\"attack\\" them from the sides. Add some balls and you have an even better toy. I would recommend this toy to anyone that wants to wear their children out. I would buy it again in a heart beat.
B002UPA4ZY|3.0|Great Christmas show but the DVD was only so-so because it was not recorded in Dolby 5.1.  Disappointing.
0307278255|4.0|Unusual because it starts off as a collection of short stories.  It is only after a while that a few of the depicted characters resurface merging into the last stories.  This fact aside, I really found this to be a lovely book.  Its gist, in my opinion, is a view of life with cohabiting separate cultures.  It is not however a \\"typical\\" book about immigration, in this case life in the USA seen from different points of view, by either first/second/third generation people who, for different reasons, all end up in the USA from India. Granted that for some, traditional lifestyle and heritage was quite influencing (especially for some of the older characters) however what I liked was that a part from the common denominator of being Indian, what this book really explores is... life.  Life in general, with its ups & downs, hopes, failures, successes, expectations, pain, love, families, children.  Universal themes.  Life.      And that is what I found really charming about the whole book.  Most characters are well depicted, each short story has a different purpose and meaning.  My favourites were \\"Unaccustomed Earth\\" and \\"Going Ashore\\" (first and last stories).  The end is unexpected, tragic, however in my opinion it befits the tale.     This was my first book by Jhumpa Lahiri but I'll look out for more.
1400096936|2.0|I've read other novels written by Don Winslow and enjoyed them, most notably The Winter of Frankie Machine.  Not so this time around- Power of the Dog bludgeons the reader from the first page and never lets up- savage beatings, torture, gruesome murders of women and children, the ravages of drug addiction- and delivered in hundreds of one-sentence paragraphs.  I just wanted to put the book down and take a nice, long shower.  The world of narcotics trafficking seeems ripe for a great thriller, but this isn't it.
B00008FYWB|1.0|According to the official TOOL website, these vinyl only came in black. Any vinyl that are said to be rare \\"green\\" or \\"yellow\\" are fake. They may sound okay, but they are not the original release. DO NOT BUY THEM.
0142405809|5.0|This is a fantastic read aloud book.  I like how it is a story about helping and adventure.  The other snails were afraid to venture out, but the tiny snail taught them a lesson on how to enjoy life!
B00005TQKQ|5.0|My Digital 8 video camera was skipping on playback.  Per the Sony Support rep, this product should address and fix this problem & it DID.  It cleans the read/write heads of the camera/player.
B000066C1N|5.0|Overall this was just great the quality of how it sounds and how it was packed was excellent!
B000HT3PPG|5.0|I had forgotten what a great movie this is.  Christmas classic and my kids love it too.  Enjoy it.
0784011710|5.0|The story has tragic elemtnts, tremendous acting by all, especially Meryl Streep, told by flashback technique from the present.  This movie is rated surely as a film classic.
1592402690|5.0|Having spent the last few months obsessing over the Beatles remasters my thirst for knowledge on how these amazing records were made began to grow. This insightful book turned out to be the perfect remedy. Although Geoff Emerick was not assigned as The Beatles engineer until \\"Revolver\\" he had already spent several years in and around EMI's studios in various capacities since the band's earliest days. His part in helping to create the ever growing innovative and experimental sounds demanded by The Beatles is essential to the bands finest works, including \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.\\" This engrossing book is a tell-all on how those demands were met and illustrates the level of creativity that he and George Martin were pushed to trying to accomadate a band that didn't understand the words \\"No,that can't be done.\\" After each chapter, you'll find yourself re-listening to the tracks discussed and will do so with a wealth of inside information on what it took to achieve those results. This goes especially for the mono mixes which Emmerick reveals were given close and careful scrutiny to get everything just right to his, Martin's and The Beatles satisfaction, while the stereo mixes were mostly knocked off quickly as an after thought. If you want to know more about how this classic music was created, you'll find no better source then \\"Here, There and Everywhere.\\"
B002L5GQGY|5.0|The thing about concert reviews is that there is so much to talk about and thus, many areas in which to find favor or fault.  Video quality, sound quality, camera angles, crowd response, whether the artist himself is having a good night or an off night, whether his or her band is engaged, and on and on. As an owner of several concert DVD's, and a viewer of many more, I can say that this one got it right on all counts.  Simply put, it made me smile.  Often.  I've heard it said that when you are a fan of good music, and it's good rock and roll, you close your eyes, smile, and bob your head. When it's good blues, you close your eyes, smile, and sway your head from side to side.  I found myself doing both - I tried not to keep my eyes closed for long, because all of the visual qualities of this DVD are excellent - as good as you will find on any concert DVD produced to this point.  But then, it's okay to close your eyes, because the audio quality is just as good - 5.1 Dolby or DTS surround sound that will give an awesome sense of presence.  The musicianship is first-rate - yet another reason to smile while watching and listening.  Mr. Bonamassa is obviously one of the best blues-rock guitarists playing today - yet another reason to smile, as you watch rip off one amazing guitar solo after another.  It really doesn't get any better than this, folks.  Do yourself a favor, invest in this DVD, turn it up loud, give it a good look and listen, and see how often you catch yourself with a big smile.  It's that good.  Enjoy!
B0026P3G12|5.0|The CD 'I Dreamed a Dream' is a great purchase. The lady sings like an angel. We have it on as background when entertaining and many have asked us who it is and want to know where they can buy it.
B001OQCV60|4.0|This is a very entertaining movie with a plot that seems to take parts from \\"Young Sherlock Holmes\\" with a little James Bond, a dash of Jackie Chan, and seasoned with a little John Gielgud from Arthur.  Very entertaining but it is unlikely that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle would recognize his creation.  Nevertheless and as much as it pains me to say so, Sherlock - as disgusting and unkempt as he was - was interesting and entertaining and managed to keep some of the key parts of the original.  The cinematography was spectacular, the set designs outstanding, the costumes excellent, the personal hygiene bad even for the period and Holmes needed to be tubbed and scrubbed and shaved throughout the whole movie. But thepoor hygiene really didn't detract from the action, it just comes across as Hollywood's inability to overlook current styles in favor of period reality.  The screen play was well done for the most part and the direction by Ritchie better than his usual.  There were the obligatory explosions and cliff hanging endings ala Perils of Pauline, but I do give him credit for well conducted fight scenes.  Although the actual fights were afflicted by the usual rapid jump cuts, Ritchie gives us the entire sequence in slow motion with an explanation of what is about to happen.  I thought this was particularly well done. The chemistry between Law and Downey was excellent and Law and gave the depth and character to Dr Watson that has been missing in virtually all other film efforts.  Usually Sherlock has been the focus and Watson an also ran, but here we find Watson a heavy hitter and an important part of the team.  I felt the addition of the two females seemed to be there for the sole purpose of defining the sexuality of Holmes and Watson which has always been a little vague and in this film their relationship would otherwise be very ambiguous, but this was cleared up by inserting the ladies, who did contribute to momentum of the film.  The banter between Holmes and Watson was very good and very underplayed much like Gielgud's comments in the movie \\"Arthur\\". These quips went by so fast if you weren't paying attention you could miss them.  The settings for 19th Century London were very good and certainly gave you a feel for the grit and grime of the city which was contrasted through the few examples of the middle and upper classes.  This is a good and entertaining movie.  I enjoyed it and recommend it to even hardened Sherlock Fans.very good and very underplayed much like Gielgud's comments in the movie \\"Arthur\\". These quips went by so fast if you weren't paying attention you could miss them.  The settings for 19th Century London were very good and certainly gave you a feel for the grit and grime of the city which was contrasted through the few examples of the middle and upper classes.  This is a good and entertaining movie.  I enjoyed it and recommend it to even hardened Sherlock Fans.
B000FA57N0|1.0|This product does not work on a HD player. We have played it several times and it will never start.
0786868724|5.0|This is such a great book...so full of emotion and sensitivity.  Perfect start for the new year!  Makes me want to get some more of him and re-read his other books.  What a wonderful talent Mitch Albom has...and something we can all relate to.
B00003CXUM|5.0|There is a recurrent sound of a sensual waltz that accompanies each encounter between Chow Mo-Wan (Tony Leung) and Su Li-zhen (Maggie Cheung) as they invariably cross paths in a crowded residential complex: the first is a polite glance as Mo-Wan leaves the room of a friendly card game; and then during the subsequent encounters on the steps of a noodle shop, where, often denied dinner companionship by their spouses, they stop for a quick meal. One evening, Mo-Wan asks to meet Su Li-zhen in a restaurant, admires her purse, and asks where he could buy one as a present to his wife. She explains that it is a gift from her husband that was purchased during a recent international business trip, and is not locally available. Su Li-zhen, in turn, asks Mo-Wan about his tie, and he responds that it is a gift from his wife. The subtle, underplayed moment is a knowing confirmation of their own nagging suspicions about their spouses' infidelity. The two begin to rehearse scenarios in order to prepare themselves for the seemingly inevitable emotional confrontation: who initiated the affair; how to broach the subject of infidelity; how to react after the shattering admission. When Mo-Wan decides to pursue a lifelong dream of writing a martial arts serial in order to pass the time, Su Li-zhen agrees to proofread his work. However, when their professional collaboration leads to an undeniable attraction, the two find themselves struggling with the shame and guilt over their own emotional betrayal.    Using graceful slow motion sequences and nostalgic music, Wong Kar-wai juxtaposes the romanticism of a lost era with the unrequited longing of an impossible relationship in In the Mood for Love. Wong's highly stylized camerawork serves as a visual foil to the chaos of the meticulously structured mise-en-scene: the crowded living conditions, overly familiar neighbors, and imposing, uninvited guests reflect the claustrophobic, intrusive nature of traditional society. In contrast, the suffused colors of the empty restaurant and the long, reverse tracking shot of the hallway leading to Mo-Wan's creative retreat reflect the uninhibited freedom of their surfacing emotions. Furthermore, Su Li-zhen's seductively bold and exquisitely tailored high collared dresses manifest her paradoxical character: passionate, yet reserve; sensual, yet conservative. In essence, the visual dichotomy of the film serves as a reflection of the emotional turmoil that results from their innocuous alliance. In the Mood for Love is a subtly intoxicating and hypnotic film on love and longing, fate and destiny, connection, and isolation.
0547260695|5.0|The book, the \\"Little Prince\\" was gorgeous, and it arrived in great condition, and very quickly.
0061914177|5.0|If you are passionate about anything, get this book.    If you know someone who is passionate about something (to the point of being annoying), buy them this book.    For those who've never heard of Gary Vaynerchuk, words can do no justice. You can view lots of videos of him, some of them reviewing wine, some of them talking about social media and personal branding. I urge you to check out his first video wine blog and then compare it to his latest videos. Just be warned, his later videos, especially when talking about personal branding and social media, are how shall we say this, often peppered with colorful language. I lived in NY for six years, so a few f-bombs don't get to me, but some may find him offensive. Don't let that deter you from listening to the core of his message.    Of Gary's many charms, his most valuable and appealing is his transparency and honesty. He has blasted well known and well-rated wines that he sells, along with introducing people to new wines, including lesser known regions and varietals. His biggest thing is \\"trust your own palate\\", of which there are no truer words spoke in wine critic circles. Granted, I love it when people tell me they love a wine that I recommend or drool over, but it doesn't bother me when people say they didn't care for it either. Wine is personal. End of story. If you find someone, a critic, a blogger, a friend, with whom your palate aligns, great! If you always agree with them, then I'd say that is a bit weird. Even my mentor, whose palate I aligned with quite well, wasn't 100% the same as me in terms of wine likes. The world in general just doesn't work this way.    Crush ItSo, Gary's book Crush It!: Why NOW Is the Time to Cash In on Your Passion is a whirlwind account of his business background and philosophy. Some could say Gary is part personal cheerleader ala Anthony Robbins. I wouldn't argue with that. If you aren't pumped up by watching Gary, that is fine. Some might find his use of foul language offensive. So be it. I wouldn't be surprised if some people warned you to \\"not drink the kool-aid\\" when it comes to Gary. Hell, I said the same thing regarding others, believing they had nothing new to offer and were merely another case of The Emperor's New Clothes and were just trying to part folks from their hard earned dollars. To me, Gary is different because he has built one business and used it to launch several others. He's not blowing smoke up your @$$, he's been in the trenches. Actually, he's the one digging them.    We all have our own personal take on authors, celebrities or anyone in the public eye. Me, I like Gary. Reading this book was definitely a call to distinguish myself and follow my passion for sparkling wines. What will happen with this is quest / project is still to be seen, but if nothing else, I will definitely learn something from it and that is never a bad thing.    The book is relatively short at 141 1/2 pages, including what I imagine to be the world's shortest chapter, though I'm not sure about that. What it lacks in length it makes up for in intensity and what is the old adage, quality not quantity. You will get a brief history of Gary's early business days as a budding baseball card selling entrepreneur, then a blueprint for how you can use social media outlets like Twitter, Facebook and Tumblr to create a personal brand / business and how to #crush it. He scatters examples and ideas throughout the book, such that there is no idea or business that can't benefit more than the cost of the book. If you want a summary, get thyself to the bookstore and turn to pages 135-137, which is a checklist we can all use. Then, buy the book.    Will this book save or build your business? No, but it won't hurt any business owner / manager to read it. There are more than enough gems to justify the purchase price of less than $12 (at least, that is the online price). You should also consider this hybrid version, which blends 17 video shorts and the book in anonline version with links to resources. A great alternative for the person who doesn't like books and prefers to read everything on their computer. I see all books going this route some day, both fiction and non-fiction. Don't doubt that eBook readers like the Kindle, Nook and something from Apple (I can't see them sitting out on this one) will someday incorporate the videos into the reading, blending video, text and hyperlinks into a new segment of entertainment.    Will this book make you a million dollars? No, but it could get you started on the path towards building a brand / business where you can make a living at something you love versus something you hate. Maybe you'll make more money. Maybe you'll make less, but save the difference on fewer doctor, therapy and prescription bills since your stress levels may / should subside. The success is up to you. Remember, you can't steal second base without taking your foot off of first.    Gary is honest and tells you like it is, you aren't going to become rich overnight. It takes hard work. Tons of it. And when you are tired and can't do anymore, you can pick up this book or watch a video of his and get re-energized. I know that is what I do.    Gary is not a/ my / your savior, but he has something to say and you should pay attention because he's living the dream and helping others to do the same. Yes, I know he's out to make a buck and buying this book enriches his pockets, but who isn't trying to line their own pockets with some cha-ching? I feel Gary is genuine and is doing what he loves and I'm ready for the next book, which I hope will be more about personal branding and not just Crushing It, but how to plant the seeds and spread the passion. Gary V is the Johnny Appleseed of Personal Branding. I've no idea where to put that thought, so here is as good a place as any.    Thanks Gary. I appreciate what you are doing and not just what you did for me personally by publishing this book, but for every entrepreneur /business owner / human being who reads your book and starts to get it and say, thank you.    If believing in Gary is drinking the Kool-Aid, can I have a refill?    Actually, make mine a double.
B002RSDW80|5.0|As always, I was very pleased with my purchase from Amazon.  It arrived early and I had plenty of time to get them wrapped and into the Christmas stockings! We have enjoyed this movie several times now....
B000ZECQ08|5.0|This is a great movie! I am so glad I splurged and bought the special edition DVD. There is footage from the next movie, which I can't wait to see, and there is a digital copy to watch on your computer or Ipod. Totally worth the purchase!
B002YP4EPG|5.0|Steve is a man known for his many diverse styles.  On any given album you're likely to hear a mix of classical, blues, jazz, and rock.  Steve has taken a slight departure from his 'eclectic' format here, giving us an album that manages to be both diverse and consistent.  Many of the songs here take a similar songwriting direction, such as Sleepers and Emerald and Ash.  He still ventures out a bit into flamenco and middle-eastern sounds, even some folk/blues (don't be ashamed to love Still Waters.  It's quite brilliant).  His goal seems to be to write rock songs with extended and varied instrumental sections that are more reminiscent of classical music.  In this area, he succeeds admirably.  He gives just the right amount of space for the instruments and the vocals and never dwells too much on the same theme.  I think he's created a true work of art unsurpassed by most of his previous solo albums.    While it may be true that he's not breaking much new ground musically, he's still created a totally original masterpiece utilizing fresh songwriting formulas and new sonic soundscapes.  In other words Steve is still Steve, there's no changing that; however after dozens of albums he still sounds fresh and original.  I think I'll be listening to this one for years to come.
B000UJCALI|5.0|Obviously a great movie, nice extra features added plus the making of the shining from the previous dvd is on here. the old dvd's audio was in mono. this dvd has 5.1 audio and it sounds very good
1604244674|5.0|THis book is not only about \\"The Picture Of Dorian Gray\\" but it is a few short stories by Oscar Wilde.  His intellectual prowess not only perceives him as a mystical thriller but between the lines you can see the seductive yet fanatical characters he enlists.  Before Stephen King his writing is considered fascinating and is still to this day one of the premier writers of history.  Though his stories are not too long they embark on psychological journeys you won't want to miss.  If you enjoy real writing from a talented, no commercialized, writer than you will love this book.
B00005LK95|4.0|The DVD came very fast.  Seem that the DVD not from the original, but came out good.   I'm very pleased to order item with Amazon.
B002QEXN2K|5.0|John Mayer is great...his voice is so distinct.  He never disappoints with his music, but my favorite JM cd is still his first, Room For Squares. If you don't have them, get them both!
B00003CXRM|5.0|I never buy a movie without seeing it first.  I first saw this movie years ago, and while I did not get all the subtle humor of the Coen brothers, time has made this movie better.  This movie is suited to all, even if classics aren't your thing.  If you are wary, rent it first and then see how you feel about it.
B002UJIY7A|3.0|This movie is a real disappointment.  First the movie starts off slow, gets a little interesting, then gets boring, and finally ends with a horrible twist that didn't really make sense.  It actually made me a bit mad.      I really have to say that this movie is among the worst I have ever seen.  So, if you like boring movies that make no sense and has a ridiculous ending, then by all means get this movie.  However, if you like really good interesting movies try something like The Mist, Hostel, or A Tale of Two Sisters which are a few of my favorite movies.
B0000A02U2|4.0|This movie is a classic and anyone who is, was, or wants to be in college needs to see this movie.
B0011N1WE8|5.0|Penelope is a feel good, silly, fun movie to share.  My 19 year old daughter wanted this dvd after seeing the movie.  She was thrilled to trick her Dad into watching the dvd.  Enjoyable family movie time.
B000K7VHQE|4.0|This movie is hilarious!  You may glance over it the first or second time you see it in the dvd section of Best Buy, but you should definitely take a second look.  Made by an independent filmmaker, Little Miss Sunshine brings out the best of the indie genre and, in my book, is an instant classic.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|who doesn't like to listen to this music
B0007MWZEK|1.0|At first, this worked just fine.  I showed it to friends who went out and purchased it too.  Now...it does not work.  The retail store has stopped carrying the product (good for them) and the company that makes it requires you to pay shipping costs both ways to fulfill the warranty...essentially repeating the cost of the bad purchase you've already made.  Maybe I recharged the battery too long; realistically, who has patience to monitor recharge times.  If you want something that will last more than four months, don't buy this.
0440178002|5.0|receiver of this is very interested, Japanese history is his thing. Crisp new book, would buy again from seller and was packed well.
1423113497|5.0|Great shape, 9 year old very interested in them. Just like the set sold at book stores for $20.
B002NXSRVG|1.0|This movie is bad. I mean really, really bad. It had potential but the makers chose to flush it all away in favor of cornball one-liners, plot holes galore, not-so-special effects, an ending that drags out about half an hour too long and some of the worst acting ever caught on film. When the mute Snake Eyes out-acts everyone else, you know your movie is in trouble. Even old pro Dennis Quaid looks bored out of his skull, not that I can blame him since he's given absolutely nothing to do.    The worst of the worst are Channing Tatum and Sienna Miller, who play Duke and Baroness. Based on their acting (or lack of it) I'd have to say they were having a contest to see who could deliver the most flat, lazy, wooden performance. Seriously, both spend the entire movie looking around as if they had better things to do. The clear winner of the bad acting contest is Tatum. You could have replaced him with a cardboard cutout and a tape recorder and nobody would have noticed. In fact, it might have been an improvement. Meanwhile, Miller delivers all her lines with all the enthusiasm of a 3rd grader delivering her first book report. In the scene at the graveyard her expression doesn't express grief so much as someone trying to decide if she wants to hit the McDonald's drive-thru for a burger and fries on the way home.    One of the worst films of 2009. I can't believe I made it through the whole thing. A complete waste of time and money.
B00005QGAX|5.0|this is a special edition of \\"Bad\\" featuring 11 original songs from the album and 3 bonus tracks.  Songs are:  1. bad  2. the way you make me feel  3. speed demon  4. liberian girl  5. just good friends  6. another part of me  7. man in the mirror  8. i just can't stop loving you  9. dirty diana  10. smooth criminal  11. leave me alone  bonus tracks are:  1. streetwalker  2. todo mi amor eres tu( i just can't stop loving you)  3. fly away    of the bonus tracks \\"streetwalker\\" is very catchy and pleasurable to listen    overall i would rate the album as \\"5 STAR\\"
0451530977|5.0|\\"Treasure Island\\" is the adventures of a young boy, Jim Hawkins, caught between pirates and treasure hunters. Long John Silver, the one-legged cook befriends Jim while being in cahoots with the mutinous crew. Captain Smollett is the honest but strict commander of the ship commissioned by Squire Trelawney to take Jim to the treasure trove on a map given to Jim by a dying seaman.<br /><br />It's been redone many times, but this is the original, and the worthy sire of lesser works (that can still be pretty good, like Muppet Treasure Island). The language is a little old fashioned, but only makes the story stronger. The values of loyalty, courage, mercy, and audacity figure large in this book, and it has a much more positive tone than is popular in current fiction.<br /><br />A great adventure and first rate reading for kids of almost any size.<br /><br />E. M. Van Court
1577314808|5.0|I bought this book and I bought others for my friends. I keep it on my nightstand and take it everywhere. It's an eye opener. It's an awakening tool. I recommend it to anyone who truly wants to enjoy life as it is, feel alive and feel happy all the time regardless of the external circumstances.
B001L4NJIO|5.0|This is a great performance from a great band. The setting is awesome. This is never boring footage of the show. The band sounds incredible. Sting sounds and looks like he never aged (more than I can say for the rest of the band). I love the CDs too. I always wish concert DVDs came with live CDs together. I love taking the concert to listen in the car where you can't get take a blu ray player! I will watch it a million times.
0061914177|5.0|Some random thoughts about the book:    This is the right book for the time. Social media is on the rise and this book, along with videos of seminar presentations by the author, gave me the kick in the butt to start crushing it on my passion.    Now really is the time to crush it. This book is the answer to the question of what to do with all the new social media technology.    There is nothing new in this book - it's pretty much all there, sans the passion, in the Cluetrain Manifesto from ten years ago, free online. But this book puts it much more concisely and won't put you to sleep. It is also on a much more personal level, which is very important.    Was hesitant to buy it because it looks like another how-to book for making it easy on the internet. It was cheap enough so I bought it. Not like the others at all. He actually says you will have to work your butt off . . . I'll finish this thought on my last comment below.    Anybody can grasp the message in this book and apply it. If they can't then they might as well stop buying books because nothing is going to help them.    I didn't think I had time to read it, but it is small enough so I gave it a shot as soon as I thought I had a free evening. Ended up not putting it down before reading it clear through twice.    Watch his videos, too. They're easy to find on the internet. It helps to get his voice.    If you don't 'get' this book (as in understand the message) you are totally missing the impact of internet social media on business and \\"personal branding.\\" Yeah, I don't care for the term, but people are falling behind for not understanding it.    . . . he says over and over you will have to work your butt off if you want to crush it. He's right, and can't emphasize it enough. I am now working my butt off like I never thought possible, and can already see the results of crushing it in my passion. But it doesn't feel like work at all because it's my passion and I am loving it like nothing I've worked for in 40years. Now I absolutely hate having to knock off after long days because I'm having a blast. Gary, write a book about how to cram another 20 hours into the day (I know, it's already been written and it's BS).
B000ZECQ08|5.0|Item was received in a timely manner.  I have not watched the movie yet, but I know it will be great.  I am a large Harry Potter fan.
B001TK80C0|4.0|Great science fiction flick with its special effects.  Gov. Schwarzenegger gave a convincing portrayal of a robot cutting down the enemy of human race.  Watching all three films, makes you wonder if this were a true story of time, he could possibly save mankind.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Until this woman was discovered she was a great singer.  Now her voice can be heard around the world.  Yea for the underdog!!
B002RCEBBI|5.0|This is one of those rare events where you just have to wonder how anyone could have conceived it.  How does one set out on a journey like making this album?  The music is so complex, so beautiful, so reverent, so heavy metal exciting.  I've listened to the album maybe 30 times, and your perspective on each piece changes over time.  I've come to crave Mark Jansen's grunting parts, especially on the final piece, \\"Design Your Universe,\\" where Mark's grunting is punctuated by explosions of sound.  How does one marry diverse elements like Tibetan throat chanting, castinets, incredibly beautiful lead guitar riffs, choirs, heavy, heavy power drumming, grunting, and then the mega beautiful singing by Simone?  It comes together perfectly.  For me, and I'm an older person, it means a change in my perspective of music.  I can let go of the past.  I don't have to crave Neil Young at his best, or long for Jimmy Page's riffs on Stairway to Heaven.  I can turn around and look forward, and that is very meaningful for me.  Guess what, Isaac Delahaye shares an exclusive place among guitarists, he is awesome!  Finally, I have to say that I cannot listen to \\"Tides of Time\\" without tearing up each time.  When Simone transitions from her regular voice to her opera voice, you will think you're in the presence of something divine.  The best album I have ever heard.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|When it comes down to Star Trek, I was always one of those fans that understood enough to appreciate and to know a little bit about the series but never got fully involved in the show/movies to know what I was talking about. For example, while I've seen Wrath of Khan and every film from Generations on, I've barely watched any of the television shows save for the occasional \\"Next Generation\\" episode so the idea of seeing JJ Abrams, brainchild behind \\"Alias\\" and \\"Lost\\", re-invigorating the series after the stagnant \\"Nemesis\\" wasn't met with a unabashed anticipation but more of a I'll-check-it-out-when-its-out attitude. Turns out that yes indeed Star Trek is an awesome film and that one can make a blockbuster without the emptiness of say a \\"Transformers 2\\". Sure storyline-wise it's got its faults but not a lot of summer films or any films this year really had that excitement of \\"this is why I go to the movies\\". There's enough pure popcorn with enough drama so it's not just pure eye-candy, Star Trek is indeed a great reboot for the franchise.    The film diverges on a tangent right in the opening scene allowing the writers and filmmakers to deviate from the canon and create a sort-of alternate storyline of Star Trek rather than remake the first movie or just do episodes in movie film. The film starts out with the USS Kelvin running right smack into the Narada, a massive ship headed by Captain Nero and what they want is Spock but they want the old Ambassador Spock and not one that really hasn't even been born yet. So an attack leaves the Kelvin destroyed and a baby being born during the attack, one named James Tiberius Kirk. Years later, Kirk meets what would be his future crew: Uhura, Sulu, Chekov, Scotty and Spock as they try to figure out how best to deal with Nero and his technologically advanced ship.    To paraphrase an old saying, \\"this isn't your father's Star Trek\\". Or for that matter, probably not even your Star Trek as the new crew and new faces brings with ita new tone, dialogue is snappier, cleavage and innuendo is more prevalent and action scenes have a lot more kick which makes the film all the more standout since Star Trek even in the films weren't exactly known for being action-scene intensive but here you can clearly see Abrams making a movie for the newer audiences, something with more flash and a bit more...\\"spunk\\" I guess you can say. But that doesn't mean the film sacrifices action for pathos as a couple scenes do show some acting showcases like Zoe Saldana's tearful meeting with Spock in an elevator. As far as the acting is concerned, it ranges from excellent acting that captures the essences of their older counterparts (Pine/Shatner or Quinto/Nemoy) but then we have actors who have to clearly sound like their others such as Anton Yelchin doing a rather amusing turn as Chekov and Simon Pegg doing a good Scottish accent for his role.    As far as the villain is concerned, Eric Bana does a really great job making a menacing character and though not terribly imaginative (something bad happened, thinks somebody's got to pay, and might as well be Starfleet) he certainly makes a good antagonist though strangely there's not really a character for him to play off of. You'd think Spock but old Spock is barely in the movie and doesn't interact with Nero all that much whereas young Spock is like \\"who the hell's this dude?\\" One I hope re-appears a lot is Bruce Greenwood as Captain Pike who practically exudes confidence and power as well as an honourable soldier incredibly easily. Now one thing I hope they don't do is just start redoing old Star Trek episodes or the films and decide to bring in Khan. It's a new timeline, get creative...please?    Bonus features wise it's a pretty stacked disc with making-ofs dealing with the effects, shooting on the set and taking on the franchise anew. Great highlight is the commentary where they explain why they took out the birth of Spock, the use of sound design like draining the sound in the opening or a score-only pass but then the Starfleet emblem that's apparently near Jupiter was completely lost on me and I can never find it. Transfer wise it's stunning and sound design is equally balanced though I don't know about you guys but the idea of adding digital copies is kind of getting old since a movie like Star Trek just looks...odd on a tiny iPod screen and doesn't have the theatre-esque experience of your home setup with the big speakers and 42\\" 1080p tv.    Film's nearly perfect with a couple weird story moments (Kirk manages to land on the same planet as Spock which is okay but he runs right into him in a cave on a huge planet?) and characters like Sulu don't get as much screen time but as far as summer blockbusters go, it's hard to beat it, especially when you watch GI Joe or Transformers 2 which were pure action and little else. I'd love to see a sequel and it's obvious we're getting one though I hope they don't rush it out but this is a definite buy.
B0017GERLE|5.0|The Karate Kid Triple feature is great if you are a Karate Kid Movie person.  It takes up less space on the shelf.  How can you ever go wrong with wax on wax off.  Always a feel good movie to watch.
B002R68U7K|4.0|Easily to find on the web-site, arrived on-time and the product was in perfect condiction for a gift.
0440237688|1.0|Children are forced to read this book in 7th grade. At one point the book was banned in many schools and I can see why. Do you really want your children to read about babies being murdered by their own parents and tossed down a garbage chute? That's only one example of this warped tale. The book is so dark that I think it can disturb children and possibly adults as well. The points made in the book can be made without the intense darkness and fear pervading the story.     I don't think any 7th grader is emotionally mature enough to read The Giver. When I was in middle school we read a short story by Ray Bradbury that made all of the same points (in a SHORT story no less)without the horror. A better writer does not need graphic and disturbing details to bring a child to think.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle has a beautiful voice!  Her song selection was excellent.  One of my favorite CDs.
0140435131|4.0|The story of a man who ruins his life by doing the right thing at the wrong time, both in business and in his relationships with his wife, a potential wife, and his stepdaughter.  In business, he buys at the wrong time and sells at the wrong time.  In relationships, he is cold when his nearest and dearest wish to be close to him, and then seeks them out after it is too late.
B001HQZJPM|5.0|I think these movies are great. If you don't want to bother finding each individual movie I would definitely recommend this product.
B002VKE1K2|3.0|I'm not quite sure what to make of this movie.  I will say I'm glad I rented it from RedBox.  I knew it wouldn't scare me because no movie ever has.  It really is the new Blair Witch Project.  I don't know what to think of it.  I wasn't good but it wasn't bad either.  The characters, Micah and Katie, are annoying a little.  Katie especially but she's kind of funny when she gets PO'd at Micah.  But really, a real demon is probably not going to just walk through powder on the floor, put a photo in the attic and put keys that started out on the counter onto the floor.  Yes, it does drag Katie out of the bedroom toward the end but that's about the most interesting part other than the end where Katie comes into the room with a bloody knife and gives this creepy grin to the camera.  The alternate ending was stupid and nowhere near as scary as they touted it to be.  I was interested enough to watch it through to the end but I think it was mostly because I was waiting for the 'scary' part.  All in all I'm glad I didn't actually buy the movie because it wasn't worth it.  If I ever find it for about $10 I may get it but not before then.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|i have the cassette tape but wanted it on cd. i love the songs, all of them! so i can listen to it from start to finish. great album!
B000HEWEJO|5.0|I was impressed how crisp and clear the picture was. The viewing experience was amazing. The story itself is, of course, a timeless classic. But I never expected this DVD to make it look so good!
B002OHDRF2|5.0|THE SPECIAL EFFECTS WERE OKAY HOWEVER, PREVIOUS MOVIES WERE AT ANOTHER LEVEL. MOVIE SEEMED DARKER THAN NEEDED BUT ACTING OFFSET SOME OF IT, WOULD RECCOMEND THIS MOVIE TO OTHERS.
B001AQT11M|4.0|This is a real Disney Classic along with Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty.  Short and sweet, uncomplicated.  Great for smaller children, although that nasty queen can be scary.  My granddaughter loves it - particulary the simple well-known songs.  She loves that the handsome prince saves Snow White.    This movie may look lame up against the latest technology of Pixar (which I love), but an important childhood story.  I think we forget that children are still children anymore, and that sharing these simple stories is an important step in childhood.  Please share with the children in your lives, keep the dream of happily ever after alive.
1594202249|5.0|It's just another endless summer here in Gordita Beach, California, 1970. While the decade of mindless optimism and free love might be drifting off in a haze of car exhaust around the freeways of central L.A., things are still pretty groovy along the coast, and Doc Sportello, P.I. continues fighting crime like it's the 60's--not with a gun, but a joint in his hand?<br /><br />Doc is more of a gum-sandal than gum-shoe--he'll tell you this himself in the book's video preview (perhaps the first ever) distributed by Pynchon via YouTube. While Sherlock Homes aficionados might worry about his hazy short-term memory, he makes up for his impaired deductive skills ten-fold in terms of attitude.<br /><br />Whether it's scoping out a famous surf-rock band's 3-D fiberglass reproduction of Hokusai's Great Wave of Kanagawa, or looking for a fascist real estate mogul turned peyote induced philanthropist through a series of heavily guarded desert zomes, Sportello yields the unparalleled ability to fit into almost any social situation--he gets along with nearly everyone; even `Bigfoot' Bjornson, the chocolate-covered banana scarfing, hippie-hating cop. It all seems fairly innocent until his `ex-old lady' turns up with a case that makes a John Grisham novel maybe just seem like a bad acid flash-back.<br /><br />For Pynchon, the enigmatic granddaddy of postmodern literature, nothing could be more appropriate than, well, something completely different. The author of textual whales like Gravity's Rainbow--with a mass and scope comparable to Ulysses and prose which moves like unprocessed molasses--Inherent Vice strikes a correspondingly opposite extreme:  Crime fiction's first purpose is to entertain, fulfill a commodity which today's bookstore goer has come to expect. The book is easy, inviting, lovingly bizarre, and most importantly, bound by the mega-icons of the era's popular culture which Pynchon is looking to redefine.<br /><br />You'll find Pynchon's old dose of bogus song lyrics, arcane B-movie spoofs, poetic wit and charming social commentary all wrapped up and burning from an orange Rizla-paper. It's the rare sort of novel that demonstrates that we don't require an epic to transcend, and that there's no harm in having a little bit of fun while we're at it.ic wit and charming social commentary all wrapped up and burning from an orange Rizla-paper. It's the rare sort of novel that demonstrates that we don't require an epic to transcend, and that there's no harm in having a little bit of fun while we're at it.
B000JVSUS4|5.0|This is a great movie, it has been and always will be.  It looks beautiful on Blu-Ray.
B000065V42|1.0|One of my favorite Disney live action comedies.  The sequel is pretty good too.  The dvd is only fullscreen which I refuse to buy.  How about putting it out in blu ray?   Love to see a combo pack of it (so that those with just dvd can enjoy it in its widescreen format as it was intended).
B000ULQV0W|5.0|This is an incredible album. It's definitely on the mellow side but great nonehteless. One of the biggest complaints people have is that the album is very short. This is definitely true but it's about the quality, not the quantity. I'd rather spend $10 on a half hour album that I'm going to listen to repeatedly rather than on a 2 hour long album that stinks and would better serve as a coaster on my coffee table. A must have!! For comparison, listen to the track Just Breathe on Back Spacer, Pearl Jam's latest album. That song is exactly like this album. Enjoy!
B000QEIOUS|5.0|great movie. enjoyed pacino role as a blind person. love the tango scene and the last where he speaks up at the school assembly for the young man.
B002HWRYJE|2.0|In the documentary on the DVD of the new \\"Star Trek\\" film(which a friend gave to me when he upgraded to the 2-disc set),  director JJ Abrams said that he always felt that Star Trek was limited by the technology for creating spectacular shots and things.  Really?  I always thought that Star Trek's greatest technological limitation was the speed at which a typewriter could type.  That's because Star Trek at its best was about ideas - not spectacle - and the writers for the original series were among the best science fiction writers around.  Star Trek has never been as popular as Star Wars because Star Trek asked its audience to think - and whenever you do that, you're going to limit the size of your audience.    Still, I don't have a problem with hyping things up a bit or using a new cast to play the older characters.  What I do have a problem with is a bad story, which is what this film has.  I mean, was it really necessary to show everybody at the Academy together?  Kirk and Chekov are years apart in age and should have been at the Academy years apart - but no, there they are together.    Some of the scenes, like the one of the kid Kirk in the stolen car or the cadet Kirk doing the Kobayashi Maru test were embarassing.  How about showing new starships being built complete on the ground? (They have to be assembled in space because they can't fly through the atmosphere.)  Everybody's at the Academy together, so how do we get Kirk to be captain at the end?  We'll just promote a third year Academy cadet to be the captain of the fleet's newest flagship, that's how! (Can you really imagine the US Navy naming an Annapolis cadet to be captain of its newest aircraft carrier?  I don't think so.)    There were some parts that I liked, mostly early on, such as the scenes aboard the Kelvin with Kirk's father (and his 1960's hairstyle) and Spock's early days on Vulcan.  After those, though, things went downhill.  Abrams could have just used a new cast and a new style to go back to the early days and show it in a different way, but no.  He had to come up with this contrivance and essentially erase everything that happened before him - because according to this film, what happened in the original series never happened!    In short, this film is a triumph of style over substance.  It may look cool, but it's hollow at the core.  J.J. Abrams has taken an intelligent series and turned it into a comic strip.  It is Star Trek in name only.  (If you want comic strip Trek, I'd suggest you look for the animated series from the early 70s.  It's much more intelligent - and much better - than this film.)
0785123490|5.0|The story is quite good and the artwork is superb. ANY fan of marvel comics will love this.
B001FB4W0M|5.0|Great storyline, compelling characters. My husband and I never miss this show on Thursday nights! There's enough laughs to keep the current Apocalypse storyline not so depressing.
0385341008|5.0|This was easily the most delicious, thoughtful, moving book I've read in a long time.  Set in 1946, between London and the Channel Island of Guernsey, the book follows correspondence between Juliet Ashton and her publisher in London, a dear friend and Scotland and eventually, a group of strangers living on Guernsey, one of whom picked up a book of Juliet's in a secondhand shop.<br /><br />There are countless threads woven throughout the letters sent back and forth: the German occupation on the island,  rebuilding and reconnecting after WWII, families biological and created, and the power of books.  Whilst reading, I spent half of the time it wishing I could find out how it ended, and the other half wishing it would never end.<br /><br />You must read it.  I would give you my copy if I hadn't already promised it to three people.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This cd is well worth the money. Listeners will not be disappointed with Susan's music. It is inspirational and uplifting. Each track showcases the amount of range that Susan has with her voice. This cd is a great example that dreams can come true.
0307387178|5.0|Saw the movie first then bought this book,,which follows the movie accurately  and the story of McCandless is fascinating..bought the book to see what  drove him in his quest to live in the wild..It seemed at first he wanted  an adventure after college but then, realized he wanted to live full-time and  have as little as possible to do with humanity and have a Thoreau experience.    The book  tells how really ill prepared he was for the challenge of Alaska and  I was surprised because he was an intelligent young man and seemed to be  organized and worked his way across the U.S into Alaska with a plan and then  when he got there,,it seemed he thought he would be able to live in that bus  and that would be that..Tragedy that his life ended the way it did.
B001AQT11M|5.0|Who hasn't heard of Snow White? A Classic ever since Grimm included it in his legendary Fairy Tales. The simple tale of a wicked Queen who, because of being jealous of the beauty of Snow White, forces her to flee her palace home and find refuge in a cottage deep in the forest. The cottage is home for a group of disparate little people who work in a mine in the forest. The cottage is in a shambolic shape - which Snow White puts right. The little people and Snow White live idyllically - until the Queen tracks her down and poisons her with an apple. Much sadness ensues, until a handsome Prince arrives and, with a kiss, revives the drugged Snow White.     The scenes, in and of the forest, are simply magnificent. No wonder that Walt Disney became a household word and his new form of cinematography became so world famous that it survives long after his death.  Snow White started a cinematographic genre. Long may children be absolutely delighted and thrilled by it.    This DVD is as close to perfection as I have ever come across.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I have been following this fairy tale story from the gitgo and was very pleased that the product was as good as I expected.  It was obviously rushed to market and as things settle down for her she will find her nitch and be a huge success.  Meanwhile, this CD is just fine.  Very fine.
B002P8O29K|3.0|Not a bad CD but way to short on the actual music side, just getting into it when it ended.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|You have to see it over and over to appreciate all the amazing details of the animation. Touching story with great characters. I own every Pixar movie made and can't wait for what they come up with next.
B002VH7P4O|5.0|I was ready to buy the Stereo CD set when I came across an article about this digital release. It was a week until Christmas, so I threw it on my wish list fully expecting that it would be sold out before I could get a hold of it. Surprise! On Christmas day I find that my mother-in-law had ordered it the same day I requested it and had gotten one of the last ones from that stock. Now on to an actual review:    I will not discuss the music portion. We all know the quality of most of The Beatles output. The remastered sound is excellent and IMHO greatly enhances the listening experience. I understand many people enjoy hearing music as it was originally released. That is all well and good. I simply prefer hearing music at it's full potential. That is what this set delivers. Why hasn't every major artist/group done this? This is an amazing idea. The sound files are of the highest quality. My iPod does not support FLAC, but I found a way to convert to Apple Lossless files for mobile use. The Flash interface is very well done and the addition of the video/photo files is well worth the increased price from the CD's. All the greats with large catalogs should certainly take a page out of this book. Imagine a \\"Lips and Tongue\\" USB set for The Stones. A Union Jack The Who version. Maybe a Zeppelin for Led Zep? Why not? I would love to display a collection of these unique devices on a music shelf rather than a large box of CD's. I truly hope others follow this format. I do not think I have ever been happier with a music purchase/gift. Great product!
1401323820|3.0|In the first chapter, possibly even just the first few pages, 'Richard Castle' used the word 'just' about 20 times.  I kid you not.  And instead of reading the story, I kept counting 'just's.    It was a mediocre attempt to invoke the fun and games of the show in characters that are blantantly ripped off from the tv characters.  I think if an author did this in real life, people would sue him.  But they just *evil manical laughter* don't feel 3-D.  It's like they assume you know the characters so things like basic descriptors of main characters are lacking.  Yes, you get some of Nikki Heat but beyond that, I don't recall any for the Captain or Roach or anything beyond a few personality descriptions.  But like I said, I was distracted by the 'just's, I just may have missed them.    As to the mystery, I thought I knew who did it about 5 times but that ended up being a surprise, though in the end, there was no real confession of a motive.  So this character did this thing but no one clearly stated why.  Makes a mystery end on a kind of flat note.  It also felt like they had wrapped things up about halfway through and there are a few chapters in there just to fill out the book since it was so much shorter than expected anyway. (I mean, Castle's books on the show are Harry Potter 5 in thickness, so what happened?)    The only other thing to note is that if you are not familiar with the series, you will miss alot of subtle jokes and references to characters that have been on the show.  Like another writer who is a conniving bitch on the tv series.  Richard Castle tells her that he is going take what she did and put it in a book... which he does in like 3 paragraphs.  Fun to see, but doesn't move the story along.    In conclusion: If you're a fan, it's a quick one time read that feels a bit more personal b/c you've experienced some of the characters and story bits on the tv series.  If you can get to a signing and meet Nathan Fillion, it would be completely worth the readsince he actually shows up as 'Castle' to sign (though I doubt he wrote it).  *wipe away drool*  But if you're just not interested in the tv series or if you are and haven't watched any, this book would not be for you.
B001OQCV2O|4.0|For my money this movie was more than worth it, not only did I see it once I saw it twice, I thought it was that good. I loved the way the movie took very little time to get started, the story line is set within the first 30 minutes and moves ahead to the action. I'm an action guy so this movie appealed to me on every level. I also liked the idea of how the movie presented some thought provoking questions such as how much is my or our lives worth, are all the things we spend our lives stressing over worth the headaches, and if faced in a battle against the forces of nature just what would my response be and how would the human race really act? Life is indeed precious and should not be taken for granted. This movie literally puts your emotions on the biggest roller coaster ride you can imagine. It really does makes one think and be more appreciative of life itself. Many may not believe that such events can happen but I'm not one to doubt history or the future for that matter. I think the dvd will be great simply because the movie is great but if you are one that didn't experience this movie on the big screen then you missed a treat. The acting was about has good as it could be for such a film as this. I would have liked to have seen a little more physical emotions displayed in the wake of disaster such as somebody getting knocked out or something because that to me is reality when faced with major calamities or catastrophies and I loved the idea that there was no time for anybody to find time to have sex like you see in so many movies when things are falling apart. So because of those reasons I thought it was a bit to cheesy because everybody will not be so civilized including in my opinion the president. The action is non stop once it starts so don't go any where because if you blink you will miss something and I for one definitely think that this is one of those movies that can be watched over and over again if you can stand the ride. Check it out, you won't be disappointed if you love action and great graphics any other expectations you may have about this movie will disappoint you.
B001MYIXAC|4.0|Scary and cerebral vampire movie....not your usual run of the mill story.Interplay between victimized boy and young  troubled vampire.
B002SJIO5E|3.0|I watch science fiction primarily to see what we could do and accomplish in the future.  After all Jules Verne was a pioneer of science and discovery before actual scientists conceptualized what he wrote about.  And I don't mind a bit of drama to go along with the central 'science' theme.    However, if I want a drama about misery or racism etc, I will hunker down and watch something like 'No Man's Land' or 'Hotel Rwanda' - which are by far superior to this.  Or if I feel like something more up to date then I'll tune in to the news - there's more than enough material there to satiate my need to know what men can do to other men (or women).  2 1/2 stars.
0345455681|4.0|Written in the same structure as Sarum, Rutherfurd's London comes alive with the same historical scope and breadth, though not with the same level of warmth and enchantment. This is still, however, one of my favorite books and highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys English history, general history, or historical fiction.
B0026P3G12|3.0|Beautiful singing, but the selection of songs is a little weird.  I wish she'd picked out some other more familiar songs.
0449000729|5.0|This author has catapulted to the top of my favorite author list. Sarum tells the story of the forging of the area in England known as Salisbury Plains, where Stonehenge and the great cathedral - with its 404ft spire - are located. Spanning approx. 10,000 years, Rutherfurd effortlessly mixes everyday people with the historical events of the times.
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|Great show brings back the old Traffic and Blind Faith songs plus other works, fantastic.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|The packaged arrive as described and in time for the holiday season :)    It was a gift so I can't comment on the quality of the DVDs, video, plot, etc...
7119005901|4.0|The delivery was pretty speedy. Little damage to the side of the book I would have preferred it to be shipped in a box instead of a bag but got here fine with minimum damage.
B0018QCXFK|5.0|it's a very funny and familiar movie. I and my son likes it very much. also I like the how amazon handles the whole proccess.
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|this movie was so cool, i had seen it once but never on blu-ray, which is way i was surprised when i got to the battle between cloud and the best villian ever Sephiroth, to find its extended on the blu-ray version, it was so cool zack fair even appears during the fight, and its way better then the average, normal battle...<br />get it if your a fan of one of the greatest games of all time FINAL FANTASY 7, or if you have never seen the extended ending, its worth it...
B002VPE1AM|5.0|This is my first time writing a review for a film on Amazon.  I must though regarding this movie.      Let me start by saying I LOVED this movie.  I will start by addressing the negative reviews though.    People are calling this a tree hugging, post consumer, global warming, anti American (or Anti Human), Anti Military etc, etc, etc....    This plot has been used for many years even in table top games like Mechwarrior.  Here in this movie a corporate interest is trying to mine a material for a profit and want to relocate the indigenous population whether they want to or not.  The people are trying to protect their way of life and their planet.      The military, if you listen, are all former (not ex Marines) who have been hired by the company to protect their interests.  It talks about how humans have taken over, and destroyed everything they have touched. (Don't want to spoil for those who have not watched so I won't go into more detail here).      I believe the director was just trying to paint a picture of a beautiful fantastic world and place a story in that setting.  How many of you would have watched a Planet Earth style show about the imagined planet Pandora.    In his CREATED world of Pandora the director touched me and my wife.  He made you feel the story and buy into it.  I did not leave this movie a converted tree hugger, environmentalist, anti militarism, or global warming protagonist.  Just like I did not leave any Harry Potter movie a wizard or a believer in such.      What I find ironic is the same anti consumer, anti human, anti military claims can be made about Aliens, Terminator, and Jurassic Park but I find those who hate this movie praising the others.    The bottom line, is this movie is a pleasure to watch.  This is the first movie I have ever enjoyed watching in 3D.  Halfway through the movie I told me wife we are seeing this movie again next time in IMAX 3D.  I could not help but being amazed by the CGI and effects.    Most movies with CGI and real video you can tell the difference, subtle as it may be you can tell.  Either the actors don't look directly at the created effect or you can see discolor and other issues.  In this movie I could not see the transition or misplacement.  Maybe on my home theater in blu ray I will be able to see the slight adjustments (I hope not) but maybe...    Some of the problems with adults is that they can not suspend reality to watch a movie.  Enjoy fiction for what it is fiction.  An attempt to entertain and inspire.      There are plenty of movies with underlying themes, Wizard of Oz, Saving Private Ryan, Clockwork Orange, Blade Runner, I Robot, Animal farm, etc, etc.  I do not believe this movie was an overt attempt at an ideological statement.  Cameron left that to others.  Matter of fact how many movies nowadays don't have ideological statements woven into them.  Heck even Diego and Dora on Nick are vessels for global warming, and green themes.  However the shows are still very educational and enjoyable for my children.  Most people look right past the underlying themes and enjoy the movie for what it is... a movie.    I hope if you have not seen this movie that you do.  Take your family and have a seat and just enjoy the movie.  If you want to have a ideological debate afterward so be it, but don't let it take away from the wonderment of this movie.    I could go on but I am starting to ramble. Please go and see this movie.  You will love it.
B002KSPKRS|1.0|I purchased a set for my 15yr old son.  After a couple of weeks of use the headphones developed an annoying crackling sound.  I returned them for a replacement set.  Shortly after he began using the replacement headphones there was a loud pop and the sound no longer worked.  I am returning them for a refund.   Headphones this expensive should be problem free.  I see others have had no problems and some similar problems to those experienced by my son.    We are using and N router which might be part of the problem.
B000GSBBFO|4.0|This Kay Scarpetta novel is about #9 in the series and Cornwell shows she can still bring the Medical Examiner of Virginia into your living room without too much trouble. I like Scarpetta as a charcter, though I don't really know why. Her personality is a little emotional for my taste, but yet I hang on and keep reading these novels. The book is full of action, so this is a good buy for waiting on a plane or train. I enjoyed the scene when Scarpetta discovers a body infected with a small pox-like virus. The danger was palpable. The fact that the murderer contacts Scarpetta over email and eventually lurers her into a dangerous situation by herself is far-fetched but tolerable. The reader must also be forgiving of this book's elementary descriptions of email, AOL chatrooms, and internet systems, as it was written in 1997 before such modes of communication became commonplace...and now obsolete (i.e. AOL chatrooms).
0618871713|5.0|This was an amazing book--an honest, personal memoir, full of fun and awkward coming of age moments, unraveling the mystery of parents, personal identity, sprinkled with literary allusions to Odysseus and Joyce, and the most touching ending I've ever read-seen. Beautiful. . .it brought me to tears, sobs, complete catharsis. Unbelievable. One of the best books I've read in a long time.
0385504225|4.0|The Lost Word is very good, and I enjoyed it alot. It was not as good as Angels and Demons and The Davinci Code, but better than Digital Fortess and Deception Point. As a mason, I was interested in seeing how accurately he portrayed rituals etc. Given the descriptions, I would assume he is not a mason himself, but it was entertaining and interesting, nonetheless.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|Just love Michael Buble CD...he is a wonderful singer and the music is fun to listen to and sing with.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|There is not a dull moment in this movie. This is a new view of Star Trek and the formation of the crew. Movie special effects are getting to point where everything is on a grand scale and believable. The old Star Trek had to get by with much less in special effects.<br /><br />Spock (Nemoy) is showing his age and he is the only original actor (I noticed) in the movie. The Star Trek story is still good entertainment and predictable. The crew faces impossible odds and internal conflict to overcome an adversary. The extras get killed.
B000E0VKXW|5.0|Great music
0385532458|5.0|As a practicing lawyer for over 40 years, John Grisham is my hero!  Obviously one of the brighter attorneys, he writes legal tales rather than living them out.  He may well not be a literary genius, but he is a great story teller.  The legal parts of his books are always right on from a legal perspective.  Ford County is a delightful collection of short stries set in rural Mississippi which are very rich in \\"country south\\".
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is a very diverse CD.  It is excellent for a first time out lady like Susan.  I will enjoy it and play it often.  I hope that people and promoters are kind to this lady and allow her to develop and prosper with her talent.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|Yes, the movie has holes. Yes, even as a Harry Potter fan some parts of the movie make absolutely zero sense. And the add ons of Harry Potter and the Waitress, Dumbledore going to subway tunnels, and Draco and the Bird were a little over played, but I still loved this movie. Why, because it had a lot of Draco in it! I never noticed how hot Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton) was. He grew up!     Why else do I love the movie? The visual effects are stunning. The pace is remarkable and I wasnt bored during any part of the movie (although like I said I was a little confused). This is the only Harry Potter movie I had to watch three times inorder to understand it.     Should you buy it? As a Harry Potter fan, yes. As a movie fan, yes. As a graphic designer, yes. As a nerd, yes. Love the movie. Enjoy the movie. It is epic along with the series.     What I wish was different: There was stuff \\"added\\" from book seven that shouldnt have been in this movie. If you are a big book fan, you know what I am talking about and I dont want to do any spoilers here.
0385504225|3.0|Okay, I have to admit that on a cold, cloudy day, this book was a good escape.  However, I also found that the plot was too easy to figure out...the evil bad guy? Didn't take a brain surgeon to figure out his true identity halfway through the book.  The demise of the main characters?  Come on,you knew this wasn't really the end for any of them (and did they check their brains at the door when they fell into the trap?) I did really enjoy the first 2/3 of this book-it had a good pace and interesting twists, but toward the end, I had to wonder, like others, where the editor was. I think the book could have been wrapped up rather nicely if it had edited down by about a 100 pages.
B000ZELISO|5.0|absolutely fantastic, beter than in the theater.  a good excuse to watch the whole saga over again. we loved it.
0446567337|5.0|I liked A WALK TO REMEMBER and my favorite THE NOTEBOOK! DEAR JOHN is now one of my Favorites. I honestly couldn't put the book down. MUST READ ;)
B001FB55I0|4.0|love the blue ray, it's better than the theater. this is one of the best terminator movies made. Christian Bale brings his usual intensity to the role of John Conner.  well done
B002JWD6AS|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read in a while. I loved it!
B00011CZRE|2.0|What do you get when you combined a prominent, experienced cast with an unusual story premise?  In this case, a dull movie.  A very dull movie, and it didn't have to be that way.  The dialogue was insipid and unnecessarily vulgar, the pace painfully slow, and fine actors seemed to be going through the motions.  The movie had \\"low budget\\" written all over it.  I watched the film on IFC, standard def, and the color and sound were dreadful, especially the center channel where dialogue was often unintelligible.  Someone here reported the latest DVD greatly improves on that.  I'll take his word that is true, but it can't make a dull movie interesting.
0061537969|5.0|I'm a slow reader but finished this book in no time. I loved this book. I couldn't put it down. I am a dog owner and lover as well as a Seattleite but I think most people would enjoy this quick delightful read. I literally laughed and cried. I didn't want to the book to end.
B001GM28HO|5.0|Lady Gaga is creative, talented and has a great voice.  I continue to listen to this CD over and over again........never get tired of it.  I highly recommend it for anyone who appreciates a talented singer and performance artist, even those who think she is a little bizarre.  Great music!
B000NA28I4|1.0|Its so sad that the movie is not even slightly close to the story in the book. I wish Chistopher Paolini had a bigger hand in the say that the character portrayal and the sequence of events in the movie should be very close to the book. The movie overall is a big disappointment especially the voice of Saphira (it sounds really old) so don't waste your money in buying this movie.
B000JSI7BM|5.0|Movie was in excellent condition and the shipping was incredibly fast....got here quicker than anticipated! Thanks a lot!
0470477237|5.0|While I haven't finished the book yet, I wanted to write this review to encourage others to get a copy and jump in! This is a fun read, very easy to understand, and full of examples to explain the points made and ideas presented.    Those of us interested in Social Media are aware of how brilliantly the Barak Obama campaign used Facebook, Twitter, YouTube to engage with people, and one chapter is devoted to that. In that chapter, I learned fascintating information about Google Insights and how companies can use that information to make strategic decisions about choosing marketing words and phrases.    Every chapter so far has brought \\"ah ha\\" moments to me.    This book is a must for anyone in business, anyone doing marketing of any sort, or anyone who wants to stay in touch with the world at large in a more effective way.
B0026P3G12|4.0|This item was a gift.  The service was prompt and easy and the item arrived in great condition
0060574216|5.0|My husband and I have learned a lot from this book, plus we really enjoyed reading it together.  It was entertaining and fun.
B001TWT0AE|5.0|\\"The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance\\" (1962) is essentially John Ford's \\"High Noon\\". A collection of western film conventions operating on dual levels; at once both reverent and cynical. Although not his last film it is considered the final film in which he invested much of himself; turning it into a commentary on the mythic topics and worlds of his preceding films.    Superficially it is yet another \\"passing of the old frontier\\" movie and it literally juxtaposes Ford's mythic west (an extended flashback) with a recognizably modern west (which bookends the story and serves as a sort of commentary or voice-over). Most comments about the film focus on the contrasts between these two worlds and the possible meanings inherent in Ford's relative treatment of them. Ford is showing the viewer what happens when individuality is subordinated to the common good; then asking whether the results (i.e. progress) are worth what has been lost. And he stacks the deck a bit, undercutting his celebration of untrammeled individualism by including an individual more corrosive than mythic.    Yet \\"The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance\\" is not a simple superficial film; despite often being dismissed by those who fail to pick up on its multi-dimensionality. So here are some random things to look for as you view this great film:    Note how like a myth, pretty much everything about the early Shinbone is a larger than life parody of film western conventions. Liberty Valance's evil, the cowardly bluster and bumbling incompetence of the sheriff (Andy Devine), the size of the steaks, the perpetually intoxicated newspaperman (Edmund O'Brien) with a passion for the truth. And contrast all this with the modern town: \\"This is the West, sir. When the legend becomes fact, print the legend.\\"    Watch throughout for the use of paper to punctuate the moments of extreme melodrama. Valance tears up a law book and later stuffs a newspaper into the editor's mouth. Rance (James Stewart) crumples up the newspaper heis holding when told about Valance's plans. Scott (the modern editor) crumples up his notes and discards the truth for the myth.    Observe how the lawless evil of the early Shinbone is associated with the night while the modern town is all about the day. The overplayed Valance is a nocturnal figure; so extreme as to be much like a nightmare or hallucination to those who encounter him. And he is typically accompanied by his cackling and squealing sidekick/minion Floyd (Strother Martin); a character almost surreal in his sleaziness.    Doniphon (John Wayne) and Liberty are linked to horses; not to the train, which is the catalyst for change, nor to the stagecoach or wagon. Individual horses are the means of mobility for the individualist, the rest of the characters get around by public transport. Liberty is hauled around in a wagon for his final trip to graveyard. A drunken Doniphon (not capable of riding his own horse) is driven back to his ranch in Pompey's (Woody Strode) wagon. The robber and the horseman are both becoming obsolete.    Note Fords use in the score of what some call the \\"Ann Rutledge Theme,\\" (from his 1939 film \\"Young Mr. Lincoln\\"). Hallie (Vera Miles) is Tom Doniphon's Anne Rutledge, the circumstances of their estrangement are different but equally permanent. And the music first plays when Hallie visits Tom's abandoned ranch at the beginning of the film. During the extended flashback you hear it several times as the romance between Hallie and Ranse progresses; implicitly signaling a receding of the Hallie-Tom connection.    The Hallie-Tom estrangement gives the film a great deal of depth. It is a mirror image of the events in \\"East of Eden\\", as this time the heroine gives up what she had been denying herself and embraces what she thinks she should be. Don't misinterpret Tom's motivation toward Hallie, he is not doing things to win Hallie's love but because he loves Hallie (communicated by the early scene where he watches her working in the kitchen). The former motivation would be simplistic; the latter opens up a host of interesting and ironic interpretations.    Miles essentially plays the same character she played for Ford six years earlier in \\"The Searchers\\" (1956). Laurie was Ford's most enduring heroine and if you watch that film you can see why he choose a reprise for \\"Liberty Valance\\". And while not as fresh looking as in the earlier film Miles is able to sell the part. Wayne could not have passed for her love interest in the earlier film and can barely do so here. That he is able to make the romantic elements credible is a good argument for calling this his finest performance; at the very least the segments immediately following the shooting are his all-time best work. His Ethan Edwards character in the earlier film had also willingly given up a girl he loved in the interest of her happiness. Miles is better in her scenes with Wayne than with Stewart. The classics are the occasions when Tom tells Hallie how pretty she is when angry. Her reaction later in the film is meant to be contrasted with the first occasion, and to subtly convey to the viewer Hallie's growth since the introduction of Ranse into the Shinbone community.    Miles in this film has always reminded me physically of Shirley Jones in \\"Oklahoma\\", and it is interesting how watching these two actresses juggle two men soon achieves a dominance over the other dynamics in both features. Neither were typical Hollywood glamour queens but their well-scrubbed persona's were a nice fit for playing this type of heroine. Note also how as in \\"The Searchers\\" Ford frames Wayne in a doorway for his final parting shot, symbolically separating him from being a part of the film's nuclear family.    Then again, what do I know? I'm only a child.
0316010669|2.0|If you read the first chapter of this book, you'll get the point he's trying to make. It's an interesting point, but it should be summed up in a 10 page article, not a 200 page book.    (I've also read that the results of the studies he cites in his first chapter are exaggerated)
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Supernatural is an awesome series. I only started watching about a year ago and caught up to season 4 while it was on TV. I have to say, it is the most addictive consistently enjoyable TV series I have come across. Each season is equally enjoyable and unlike many other series it has not lost it's appeal after 4 seasons. I like how it has a new story each episode but an ongoing storyline that develops throughout each season. The two main characters are great and the stories each week are always interesting. The writers really unveiled their creativity in season 4.
B001QMCJ1Y|5.0|The quality of this movie -- cast, director, writers -- reflects the quality of producer John Veitch.  Mr. Veitch, though his credits list is short, was actually one of the behind-the-scenes movers and shakers of Hollywood, as a studio executive with Columbia Pictures.  He was also, by marriage, part of the Ladd clan.  1961's [[ASIN:B001E1HCR8 Misty]], starring David Ladd, was the story a wild herd of \\"ponies\\" in their annual human-led \\"migration\\" between Assateague and Chincoteague Islands near the Virginia-Maryland border.  Sound familiar?  There's Igor the goose and Misty the pony, and the goal of the goose migration was North Carolina.  Can there be any doubt that Bill Lishman's story evoked a feeling of dej&agrave; vu for John Veitch?  This was Veitch's last movie and a tribute to a talented, kind and beloved man.
0743527305|5.0|M. Scott Peck has helped many people see their problems, their lives with greater clarity and this audio version will continue to do just that.
B002H3F7F6|5.0|Gordon Sumner (a.k.a. Sting) brings us an evenly balanced collection of Winter songs -- some traditional, some original; some religious, some secular; some good, some great. Sumner draws from a variety of musical traditions, with a special affinity for English Renaissance tunes filtered through his contemporary acoustic rock sensibility. Many of the tunes are in a minor key, making the music nearly as dark as a long Winter's night -- which is a great time to sit by the fire with your lover, a glass of wine, and this CD spinning on the neo-Victrola.
0812973992|2.0|I had really high hopes for this one but it did not pay off mid way through I thought about giving up but I pushed through waiting for the choppy disjointed stories to connect & for the light to come on.  It didn't.  I wish I had packed it in early.  I never cared about the characters that I believe were developed poorly & I felt I was reading a collection of short stories and a rough draft of a book that had potential but never put it all together.
B000MUOFFO|3.0|I was a little surprised at what I actually got.No Apple lable, no imbossed title, and as for the photos,I got 2Ringos and no George.
B002RSDW80|4.0|Great movie, it was a gift for my mom for christmas and she really enjoyed it. Meryl Streep is amazing as Julie Child and I loved Amy adams' performance.
0810970686|5.0|My 9-year-old son is good at reading, but that doesn't necessarily translate to being an eager reader.  However, he loves the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series of books.  I highly recommend The Last Straw, as well as the others in the series.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I AM PROUD TO SAY THAT I OWN THIS CD. IT'S A VERY SPECIAL CD AND SUSAN BOYLE DOES IT JUSTICE. YOU MAY NOT LIKE ALL THE SONGS, BUT I'M SURE MOST OF YOU WILL LIKE THE MAJORITY OF THEM. WILD HORSES AND I DREAMED A DREAM ARE VERY BEAUTIFUL, AS ARE SOME OF THE OTHERS. BUT WHAT I REALLY WANTED TO TELL ALL OF YOU IS THAT THERE IS ANOTHER SONG OUT THERE BY SUSAN BOYLE THAT THE JAPANESE ARE MORE FAMILAR WITH. APPARENTLY THERE WAS AN ADDITIONAL BONUS TRACK ON THE SUSAN BOYLE CDS SOLD IN JAPAN. THE NAME OF THE SONG IS WINGS TO FLY. I JUST LISTENED TO IT ON YOUTUBE AND IT SENT SHIVERS THROUGH MY BODY AND TEARS TO MY EYES. HER VOICE IS MIRACULOUS IN THAT SONG. SHE'S THE REAL DEAL. THAT SONG IS A MASTERPIECE. SO FLY OVER TO YOUTUBE AND BE SURPRISED AGAIN.
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|Loved this movie - it's one of the few movies that I can watch over and over again.  I definitely recommend it!!
B00008GKEG|3.0|Kind of expected a little more music and a little less history.  All in all, it was still interesting, but I would buy into more entertainment the next time.
1604501480|5.0|This is Jane Austen's best novel. The story is a mixture of intrigue and passion with an appropriate ending. The goog guy should always triumph!
B002XUL85G|3.0|I heard so much about this movie.  The advertising hype great.  However not having internet or cable for the last few months may have done me a disservice.  I paid full retail price of 19.99 for this movie which we almost never pay full retail.  We usually wait until a movie is under 15.00 to buy it.  Anyhow.  I watched it last night late at night.  If you have no knowledge of Blair Witch which by the way took a whole year before I found out it was fake.  And if you have experience with paranormal activity you could get rattled.  I agree it would be best seen in a theater for full affect.  I thought the DVD was a joke.  19.99 for no commentary or special features but an alternate ending.  The alternate ending has no business on this dvd.  That screams fake all in itself.  Unless it was an extended version of the first ending.      If you do get caught up, you just want to smack the boyfriend.  The acting is just what it is suppose to be.  You really do believe they are a young boreing couple.  You get a sense the man is so full of himself and yep I actually did yell at the tv at him.  So yep you can get into them being just a normal couple....not actors.  Most couples at home are like that when they are young.  However the good doctor that came over is where I was like yep this is totally fake and that is horrid acting.  Rent it... Don't buy it....    I much prefer Blair Witch.  And their special features and subsequent specials dragged on the whole it is real theme.  There were no credits, no nod at all that it was made up.... not until I googled it much later did I find out it was fake.
B002E9K6N6|5.0|Great book especially for ADD folks who enjoy anecdotes and real life examples for success versus pages of small print with no pictures! If you are a fan of the creative and changing business world, you will find this book to be both entertaining and insightful. Not a read for the week at the beach but perfect for the trip there or back! (only 120 pages, small book)Truly enjoyed the book and it is perfect to leave on the coffee table at work or home.
1401917186|5.0|There is not much new infomation in this rewrite of the original \\"Earth Angels\\" book, but it is still a great little mini book.  If you do not have the older book, just buy this new rewrite.  As another reviewer already mentioned, this rewrite omits information on \\"Walk-Ins\\" (I don't know why.)<br /><br />If you have neither book, this little 193 page mini-book (about the size of a pile of postcards) basically gives you clues of what to look for if you think you might be: an Earth Angel; an Incarnated Angel, an Incarnated Elemental (elves, fairys, gnomes, etc), Starpeople, Wise Ones (Reincarnated Sorceresses, etc), Hybrids (combos).<br /><br />A quickie example--Incarnated Elemental: can't stand rules, always looking for a laugh, fiery, passionate, often reddish hair and freckles and Celtic (Irish) heritage or appearance, mischievious/playful, fast metabolism, slim bodies, etc.<br />--Incarnated Angels: obey rules, get angry at rule-breakers, serious and polite, voluptuous bodies, slow metabolism, food addictions, patient and calm, etc.<br /><br />Of course, the book contains much more info.  I suspect that many people will find they are predominately one of these, but have some additional aspects of others.  For instance, you may be an Incarnated Angel, but remember playing with Unicorns as a very young child (Elemental Kingdom) and have freckles and a Celtic background with some red in your hair.  You may also have rememberances of Isis (Wise Ones), or at least sense that you do.<br /><br />Whether you believe this stuff or not, this little $[...] book can be fun to read. Heck, you probably spend more on lunch!<br /><br />I have a 50-year old friend who fits \\"Elemental\\" to perfection.  When you see that twinkle in her eyes, LOOK OUT WORLD! Guess what?  Her red-headed, freckled grandson is \\"Elemental\\" too.  He is also 4 years old, going on 35. A child of \\"Now,\\" he is most definitely a very old soul in a very young body.  Looks like a little Leprechan right now, right out of the old Disney movie with Sean Connery!Connery!
B001AIRUPE|5.0|IN MY HUMBLE OPINION THIS MOVIE IS PERFECT,THE ANIMATION,THE SONGS,BACKGROUND MUSIC,THE STORY ANYWAY EVERYTHING ABOUT IT IT'S ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL. I FIRST SAW IT AT THE MOVIES THEN OWNED IT ON VHS THEN DVD AND NOW IN ITS MOST STUNNING FORMAT YET BLU RAY,SERIOUSLY BRILLIANT.
B0025KVLRY|5.0|Are you kidding me? The Beatles, Yes I am a fan, grew up with the band, owned all the albums, now I wanted to own the remasted set. (it rocks) The sound systems I listened to the lads on was like putting your ear up to a can. The remastered Beatles is a love affair all over again. My favorite is Help, when it was released in the US half the songs were the instrumental from the movie not the group! With the remasteded set it's all the Beatles, so it really is new music I never heard before, can you believe that, Beatle music you never heard? Thank you Amazon for making it easy and fun to \\"get back\\" my rubber soul again...........
B00006EXDM|5.0|Good sound quality.  Some songs not 'Hot', but the Rolling Stones just the same.  Most enjoyable!
B000001EIA|5.0|Great Product.  Just recently bacema s KISS fan.  Unplugged is a great album to start with.
0810993139|5.0|I recommend the book Diary of a Wimpy Kid because it is a really funny book. Greg, the main character, has to write in a diary because his mom is making him. He has an older brother named Rodrick and a little brother named Manny. Greg tries to be cool at school and outside of school, but his best friend Rowley acts like he is still in fifth grade so everyone thinks he is a dork. The things he does and the stuff he comes up with for his life are pretty funny. For example, the bus gets taken away from his neighborhood and goes to the neighborhood next door, and he makes his best friend Rowley give him a piggy back ride up the hill that is in front of Greg's house. He emails the principal of his school that they should put a ski lift on the hill so they don't have to walk up the hill.     Anyone of pretty much any age who has a sense of humor would love this book. It appeals to all ages because the book has real life situations that some people go through every day.
B001BPJJ1E|4.0|Great to watch again after 35 years.Obviously filmmaking has progressed vastly since the 1970's but this is still such a feelgood movie. Supplemented generously by some classic Bee Gees and CSN+Y music.
B000EHRA48|5.0|I ordered the mini-DVI(M)-DVI-D(F) video adapter to save money since Apple's is twice the cost. I wasn't sure how well it would work, but I have had it for about a month and it works great! The appearance matches my white Macbook nicely. I am very happy that I didn't waste money on the more expensive versions of this product. Video quality is great and I can use my 50\\" HDTV as a monitor while using the internet, viewing movie previews, etc. I have to use a cable from my headphone port to the tv's AV plugins to get audio, but that works fine as well.
B0016OOS16|5.0|One of my users wanted this device. The device works well, smoothly, and as designed.
0385532458|5.0|Short and to the point.  Mr. Grisham is a beautiful short story writer. Every one of the characters in the book was recognizable.  I was raised by people from the South and have a son who is an attorney. I had a good friend who died of AIDS; the last story is a true treasure.  This book is a joy...just a treasure! Any negative reviews had to have come from individuals with no soul and no heart. I look forward to many more short story collections from this most gifted man.
0792839676|5.0|I really like this movie. I am a huge Stephen King fan and collect his movies and books. The plot is changed in a few ways from the book but not so much that you can't enjoy watching the movie.
B000LXH0AE|5.0|I had heard good and bad about this movie so I wasn't sure what to expect.  I watched it and really liked it.  I think it was one of Will Ferrell's best performances.  It was funny and different from any movie I had ever seen.  Worth wathcing for sure!
B002Q9VPFM|5.0|I love the extras.  The bonus disk is great, and I always enjoy a good commentary track--and this has TWO!  :)    I'm a big fan of the graphic novel, and I think it's essential that you read every part of it...but I've got to say that I felt a little bit like cutting the \\"Black Freighter\\" stuff into the movie kind of took away from it in the film-medium.  It's a little too jarring in the movie, I feel.  In the comic, it works perfectly, but inserting it (back) into the movie just makes it feel out of place and proves that there are some things that comic books do that movies just can't pull off as well.  That said, though, as a comic purist, I like that the \\"Freighter\\" story is in there now...I just felt like it made the movie drag a little--probably ESPECIALLY if you haven't read the comic.    All in all, though, a five-star DVD for the extras alone.
B001PJRAUS|4.0|My cousin first told me about this movie and I ended up watching it on YouTube scene by scene before it came out.  I loved it and was excited to buy it on DVD when it was made available in the US.  It is still a great movie, but I was rather disappointed that one of my favorite scenes was cut.  I love when Amanda sings \\"Downtown\\" and feel it is an important part of the movie, but was sad and disappointed it was not included.  It makes the rest of that scene rather awkward because the audience does not know what she sang or did to entertain them.  One wonders if they were too cheap to pay the copyright on the song and therefore felt American audiences could do without one of the best scenes of the movie. Not cool, not cool at all.
B00003CX8N|5.0|I sent this DVD to friends in N Carolina and they loved it.  They kept pausing it to note the many book titles mentioned in the film.  They love all things English.  Thank you  Margaret Davison-Scott
B001AQT11M|3.0|I would have to say that this was a pretty impressive remaster by Disney. It looked pretty good for a SD dvd release. I would also like to point out that the Blu-ray version looks much cleaner. I would recommend this product only to those who just want the dvd version of the movie. However, I would recommend the \\"Diamond Edition\\" Blu-ray more for the enthsiast. This version also includes a dvd copy of the movie. Even if you don't have a Blu-ray player it still would not hurt to have an HD version of the film, especially if you already have an HDTV set. This release was fine for what dvd can produce as far as picture quality.[[ASIN:B001AQT11M Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs]]
B002PMV9FG|4.0|I had seen this in the theater and wanted to own it for my libary.  It is very good.
B001FB55HQ|3.0|Christan Bale gives a outstanding genuine heart felt performance as John Connor. I also enjoyed the fact that they had a half human half terminator in this film. The coolest thing besides that is a CGI cameo by Arnold Swartzeneger in the final act of the movie. The special effects were sweet as well as the stunts and robotics. Anton Yelchin was really good as teenage Kyle Reese. This was a genuine portrayal of the future war against machines. The picture is okay for what picture the format can produce. The other thing that bothered me was the fact that this dvd version does not include the \\"Director's Cut\\" version of the movie. I would also like to point out that the dvd has absolutely no extras. The Blu-ray version of the movie not only includes the \\"Director's cut\\" but other extras that talk about how they did stunts and effects for the movie. The \\"Director's Cut\\" version of the movie is 3 minutes longer and includes a nude scene in the rain of Moon Bloodgood, more blood in the scene where men attempt to rape her, and a tension building scene between Christian Bale and Michael Ironside in which \\"General Ashdown\\" puts a gun to John Connor's head. I prefered the \\"Director's Cut\\" version of the movie because it lent more to the story emotionally and visually. Also to those who think there is no difference between \\"Blu-ray\\" and \\"Dvd\\" you need to get some glasses morons. It offers 6x the resolution that \\"Dvd\\" produces, and you get a much more crisper detailed picture. The difference is mind blowing considering it is a increase in resolution of \\"720x480i\\" to \\"1920x1080p.\\" You would have to be an idiot to not consider buying a \\"Blu-ray\\" player if you own a \\"HDTV\\". DVD is fine if you have a tube tv but it is so blury and nasty on a \\"HDTV.\\" The Bottom line is Terminator Salvation is better on Bluray. [[ASIN:B001FB55HQ Terminator Salvation (Widescreen Edition)]]
B0026P3G12|5.0|A beautiful inspiration with a beautiful voice. I believe all the songs are cover-songs, but Susan Boyle makes \\"Wild Horses\\" all her own!!
0547258305|5.0|I LOVED this book.  The leading female character is strong, self-reliant, and one of the best fighters in the kingdom.  She manages to fall in love with a price, but still maintain her sense of self. Excellent writing, one of the best books  I've read this year!
0545140315|4.0|If you know me, you know I love chick lit and romance, so this book was right up my alley! It's so sweet and cute and the perfect fluffy feel good read. Even if chick lit isn't your favorite genre to read, I would give this one a try. There's so much girl empowerment and fun in this one and it reads like it should be a teen movie. (Which is fitting since the movie rights sold-please Hollywood, make this into a movie!) It'd also be a great girl's book club pick.<br /><br />I love Penny's voice-she's very real and very funny. She annoyed me a little at the end because she was being a little dense about her crush, but overall she was a joy to read about. I wish I would have had a friend like Penny Lane in high school!<br /><br />Some of the book felt it went on a little too long and there were parts that were thrown in it seemed just to add some extra drama and tension. Sure it's somewhat predictable, but you need that in a book once in awhile. It's good to sit down with a book and smile the entire time you're reading it and feel warm fuzzies when you put it down.<br /><br />The Lonely Hearts Club is a book you'll want to pick up on a rainy day and then share with a friend. And be sure you have John, Paul, George and Ringo playing in the background!
1439102813|4.0|Could not put this book down. Interesting portrayal of the person with the disease and how different family members handle it, especially the husband.
0307341569|4.0|One reason I chose to read this book is the frequent news stories of family slaughter, usually by someone well known to them.  I am always curious about how these horrible events come to pass. Dark Places did lay the ground work leading up to the slayings.  Unlike many mysteries the principal characters in Dark Places are well developed.  Patty, a struggling single mother, married the wrong man when she was seventeen and pregnant.  These circumstances make Patty ill equipped  to run a farm and care for her four children in an era of financial ruin for small farmers.  Runner, her ex-husband, is an abusive, drug peddling, alcoholic schemer. Ben, Patty's son and eldest child, is filled with teen-aged angst.  Small of stature, unsure of himself and his abilities, short of funds and lacking a positive male role model Ben is ripe to fall in with whoever gives him attention and recognition.  Libby, the massacre survivor, is a frightened, bitter, hostile adult.  Who can blame her after the horror and loss she suffered?  However, she does grow and change in the book.  One reviewer commented upon the sequence of events being too coincidental. It has been demonstrated that many accidents are a result, not of one error, but of many small errors leading to disaster.  I liked the structure of the book alternating the events leading to the crime and the present.  It built suspense.  My only reason for four stars and not five is my own squeamishness.  The writing was so graphic in some places it made me want to cringe and skip over the scenes.  This is purely a personal reaction, but it also illustrates the talented writing of Gillian Flynn.
B000HBKCDC|5.0|I love this CD so much that I find myself playing it other times of the year too. This artist has the voice of an angel, and her arrangements of standards, as well as some original songs, is simply breathtaking! Amid the recycling of the same old holiday songs by other artists, Ms. McLachlan is a breath of fresh air. (Listen especially to her version of \\"The First Noel\\" as you've never heard it before - wow!) You will not be disappointed!
B002BSHXJA|5.0|Despite having always loved The Beatles, I have waited till now to purchase the complete Beatles catelog. And I am glad I have waited. This is a great collection (although I had to purchase the 3 Stereo albums seperately).  2 of the albums include both the Mono & '65/'66 Stereo versions which is great for comparison.  Excellent quality of reproduced album covers and booklet which gives some detail on the recordings.
B001HN6EF4|5.0|I bought this for my daughter and we have had a blast playing UNO.  I like the cards being waterproof because we are planning on taking them to my parents cottage and I won't have to worry about them getting ruined
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This product arrived in perfect as new condition even those it had been specified as used.  having watched the series I found it well acted and fast moving.  My granddaughter is a fan othe show and watches it repeatedly.  Looking forward to receiving Season 2 which I have advanced ordered.
B001BTG3OQ|2.0|First wedding I used it on The Flash died while the wedding party was coming down the aisle  Have used SB 800 and SB600 and never had this happen before
3822856282|4.0|This whole book is based on an interesting idea! Not exactly ground breaking in the field of female nude photography, but well worth the book: What if the photographer and the model are the same person! Would they go places they would not go with another person in the room? Is the voyeuristic eye of the photographer inhibiting for the model?<br /><br />For this book, Mr. Ommer served as a \\"facilitator\\", someone to instruct the model on generalities and some specifics of the techniques of the photographer, someone to supply the right equipment, and maybe some ideas. Then, the girls took the camera home (or elsewhere) and took some pictures by themselves. At least that's what is claim in the book, and it is certainly believable.<br /><br />There is a variety on the races of the models, what is often a treat for me, as most collections center on a very specific type of girls. And it seems the ladies on these pictures were very creative!<br /><br />Again, not ground breaking, but it is a very nice book!
0143038419|5.0|I read this book in a couple of days because I couldn't put it down. She is such a great writer, and I really felt like I went on that trip with her. She speaks what's going on in her mind and her transformation. It is real. Her journey is also symbolic for many in their lives who go on a spiritual quest, whether it be across the world or in day to day life of work and relationships. Learning, growing and finding a balance. I loved it and hope the movie gives it justice.
6304936303|4.0|The Last Boyscout is an underrated, fun and action packed film that is enjoybale throughout. Willis and Wayans were totally excellent together.
B000NQRR1Q|5.0|This is not a scary movie, unless everyday evil being easy to miss is scary to you.<br /><br />What this movie does have is depth.  Polanski moved it along at a great pace, unfolding the tale bit by bit, but the thing is, there is much more than one story here.  I suspect a lot of people will GET the surface but miss what lies at the depth.<br /><br />There's a lot of thought in this story, and it draws from a rich occult background.  If you've a background in Crowley, Hermeticism, OTO or such, you will get much more out of this movie than the person that is not familiar with these things.  Careful detail was taken to weave hermetic occultism into the storyline, and if you are familiar with the AE WAITE tarot deck, you will recognize a lot of the symbols on the 'plates' of the book.<br /><br />If you are looking for monsters, spells, things that go BOO and make you jump, blood, gore...this movie isn't for you.  If you are very well read, and like intellectual horror, you just might find you want to own this one.
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|It's too bad more people don't know about the director's cut of this film.  The theatrical release was butchered.  One could make a claim that the DC of this movie is better than Ridley's Scott's wildly popular Gladiator...which I also love.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I absolutely love this album from Lady Gaga. It has a great beat all the way through and it is great to exercise too! I never heard of Lady Gaga until the MTV awards and I thought that she was a lot like Madonna. This girl is going to go far in her career. I for sure will buy more of her CD's when they are released.
B000H0MKOC|4.0|I challenge anyone to find a funnier political satire that is smartly written and filled with as much humor as this film. Aaron Eckhart is truly fantastic as the lead role.
0061537934|5.0|I have read novel after novel in the last year, and this is by-far the most enjoyable read yet!  I'm disappointed with the folks writing so-called reviews about why this book is horribly written.  Lets get one thing straight...this is NOT Marley and Me, and if you're going into this thinking it might be, then yes, you will be let down.    On the other hand, if you enter this book in terms of how a dog, who finds simplicity in all things and enjoys that simplicity, thinks - then you will HIGHLY enjoy this novel.  Enzo is every dog - and we can learn a lot about ourselves.  How often do we take time out of our busy days to enjoy the simple things that God blesses us with? How often do we stop and listen to others without interrupting? That's what I love about my girls.  They are so excited to see me when I come home, no matter how long I've been gone.  Dogs don't hold grudges.  Dogs will hang on your every word as if you were an intellectual scholar.  They give love so freely, and ask so little in return.    This book really made me think of my own place in this universe and how insignificant I am in the grand scheme of things.  Maybe I need to slow my pace down. Maybe I need to listen more and talk less. Maybe I need to be slow to anger and quick with patience.      This book is hilarious and uplifting. I was moved by this novel and it's simplicity.  It truly makes me appreciate my girls even more.  It even makes me wonder what they are thinking about! If you are a dog owner, Enzo will make you laugh out loud. I can picture my dogs doing things he does, but at least now I know what they are probably thinking about when they do it!!    I hope you enjoy this book as much as I have!  Thanks for reading!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Great CD, got it used, but seller could have passed it off as new because it was in such good condition.
B0012EM5D8|5.0|Great movie for all ages. I have a 3, 4 and 5 year old and they all love it!
B0009QTS1M|3.0|Product game quick and at a great price.  But the DVD box was banged up and a piece of plastic was chipped off of the inside case.  Since I've never had issues with Amazon, (3rd party sellers excluded) I'll blame it on the mail system.  Would have complained about it to Amazon, except the dvd's were fine.  Thanks Amazon!!!
0385504225|5.0|I have never read any of Dan Brown's works, but I did see both feature films \\"The Da Vinci Code\\" and \\"Angels & Demons\\" and absolutely loved them!!! \\"The Lost Symbol\\" is a spell binding, drama filled adventure, and it so exciting action packed, it was hard for me to put down the book to take breaks!!!! The book is fantastic, including pictures of certain things to help you get an understanding and feeling of what is actually going on!!! The book keeps you on your toes throughout, with suspenseful action and amazing events which will keep you glued to this book throughout its entirety!!! Hopefully Ron Howard and Tom Hanks will team up to bring this excellent piece of fictional literature to the big screen, but hopefully they will do it justice!!!!
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|In a year of ridiculously overrated films such as Star Trek, Inglorious Basterds and Up in The Air, this is the movie that should get serious Oscar consideration.  Thanks Amazon!!!
B0026P3G12|5.0|This CD is an asset to my collection.  Susan Boyle's voice has a range not to be believed.  We all can't look like a movie star, but those that discount Ms. Boyle because of the glam factor are missing out if they do not add this CD to their collection.
1400079179|5.0|Funny to me how a book that everyone swore by became too popular, and now everyone slams it.  While I agree that it is not the best written book, the story is so much fun and I am impressed by Dan Brown's imagination.
0765318741|4.0|This novel provides an interesting look at the human instinct to survive.  It also has interesting themes about xenophobia, civil rights, war, and microbiology all wrapped up in a rather far-fetched world swarming with ultra-violent vampires.  I didn't really care for the narrator, and a lot of the \\"science\\" seemed pretty ridiculous, but I enjoyed this novel for it's atmospheric settings and it's willingness to push the \\"what if vampires were real\\" envelope about as far as it could have gone, given the book's production date.
1423113497|4.0|Got these after seeing the movie trailer...love the characters and the stories....keep reading the last book is the best!
0679720200|5.0|The edition of THE STRANGER I own is an old Vintage paperback, with a  \\"V-2\\" Vintage designation in the lower-left corner and a $1.25 price tag in the lower-right corner.  The translator is Gilbert Stuart, not Matthew Ward.<br /><br />This is the third or fourth time I have read the Stuart translation of THE STRANGER.  (I really don't care which translation is better; by now the Stuart one is for me definitive.)  When I first read THE STRANGER, in my teens, it was obligatory reading for the young aspiring intellectual and I am sure that my response to it was heavily influenced by what I understood to be the received wisdom.  When I read it about ten years ago, I was put off by the self-centered indifference of Meursault, and I tended to think the novel was intellectually puerile.  (For years, after all, I had been hearing that Camus was over-rated.)  Now, frankly, I am impressed by it.  The tale is deceptively simple, yet upon analysis, the novel becomes surprisingly complex; it is almost mythical in its potential interpretations and \\"messages\\".<br /><br />As a parenthetical, I also am now struck by how colonial the attitude of the novel is.  Not only do the Arabs appear in stereotype as the menacing \\"Other\\" and not only does Meursault more or less cold-bloodedly murder one.  But - something that hadn't registered on me before - not one Arab is called as a witness at Meursault's trial.  In pre-WWII French Algeria, the Arabs were indeed a sub-class, part of the fauna of the territory, and Meursault truly is sentenced to death for not displaying conventional grief upon the death of his mother rather than for shooting a human being on a stiflingly hot, blindingly sunny beach.<br /><br />Although THE STRANGER is not a perfect novel, it is somewhat astonishing to realize that it is the work of a 29-year-old, and it need not give anyone pause to see it listed as one of the seminal works of literature of the 20th Century.  Indeed, it is one of those books that might profitably be read every 15 years or so, to help the reader judge how he is coming to terms with his place in the universe.5 years or so, to help the reader judge how he is coming to terms with his place in the universe.
1577314808|5.0|I've never read spirituality books before but I have read books on how to invest, how to improve your memory, how to look better, what foods to eat, what foods not to eat, what's the best TV, best cars, it never ends...     Having grown up dirt poor, I always thought that I wanted to have what all the other kids had, a nice house, nice cars, nice clothes. And so that's what I worked for.  I thought that would make me happy.  Well here I am with a nice house, nice cars, nice clothes, loving wife and kids but somehow I always needed more. I kept asking myself why am I not completely ecstatic with my current situation?  Why do I not make enough money? Why doesn't my wife give me enough attention?  Why are my kids driving me crazy? Why am I never satisfied with my job? Even before I read this book I thought it strange that \\"happiness\\" is controlled by the outside, but why? When I read this book I found the answer that's been at the back of my mind for years. Or should I say beyond my mind.  It's the greatest book I've ever read.
0689815816|5.0|I love this book.  As a parent who reads to her child most every night before bed, many childrens books are mind numbing and put \\"me\\" to sleep. We're going on a bear hunt keeps me entertained even if it has been a long day.  Very few books, of this reading level, even ones I like, can do that!  My daughter will participate and \\"read\\" along with me.  Sometimes we add a bit here and there, a few extra swishes or wishes, and \\"poor bear looks sad at the end, he is all alone\\".  We have this in a board book, but when I have extra funds I will get a hard back one to grow a bit with her.  I keep meaning to check and see what else this author and illustrator offer.<br />I guess I'm off to do that now.  You will not be disapointed with this one I believe.
B0026P3G12|4.0|What a wonderful \\"fairytale\\" story...Susan Boyle's beautiful voice-- and the story of her success make this CD a classic keepsake!
B0020C3AM6|3.0|Let the Great World Spin is a novel structured as a series of mostly interesting short stories each focusing on different characters. Some of the stories overlap a great deal and some are more tangential. I enjoy short stories so I like this organizational concept as well as the overlaid theme of the tightrope walker that binds them all together.<br /><br />However, a short story is a very concentrated and demanding form and is not at all forgiving of errors. The stories vary in tone, style, narrative mode, and use of language to reflect the different personalities. This makes an interesting mosaic but the quality also varies greatly so there are some stories here that succeed and some that fail. Sometimes the author even caricatures and stereotypes people and places.<br /><br />The quality of the writing itself is inconsistent even within chapters. The author is obviously very skilled at choosing words and constructing interesting phrases and sentences. However, there are entire sections of chapters where the words or thoughts expressed by the characters are very unnatural or inappropriate and the reader is distracted by the clumsiness. Similarly, the author is quite capable of setting a scene and describing details effectively yet sometimes utterly fails to convince. I was surprised to learn that the author actually lives in New York City, which is the setting for most of the novel.<br /><br />While the overall framework works well, there are structural problems on a smaller scale. There are bursts of sentence fragments and while they are effective in small doses, when extended or frequently repeated, they become tedious. One chapter has similar staccato bursts amplified into disjointed paragraphs and they fail in telling what is an interesting story. There are other distracting stylistic choices such as different ways of formatting dialogue, sometimes with quotes and sometimes with dashes. Sometimes the effect is of a rough draft or outline of a story rather than of a finished work.<br /><br />In the end, I felt shortchanged and frustrated by the author's failure to consistently live up to great potential. These are interesting stories not always told well.In the end, I felt shortchanged and frustrated by the author's failure to consistently live up to great potential. These are interesting stories not always told well.
B002QH2NUA|5.0|Sound quality and video quality are super.  It feels like we were there.  I am sure similar product from say the December performance at O2 in London will see like hot cake as well......
B003102JDM|2.0|[Based upon Theatre viewing].<br /><br />Depressing, downbeat results for a movie which should have taken advantage of good actors, who obviously are capable of delivering a powerful scene. Terrible story construction and sometimes questionable mix of the \\"new\\" values with the \\"old\\", really mar a decent idea.<br />The \\"serious\\" man is well-intentioned and respectful of tradition...but has a wife who cheats (I'm not clear if it's because he's boring) and a son who messes with street drugs. His response is \\"I didn't do anything!\\" How could this happen? When did things get out of control?<br />Would taking things less seriously help? The viewer has no clue.<br />Very unsatisfying and unsettling ending, for the stale cherry on top..
B002GJT4XM|5.0|If you're a big Harry Potter fan, you'll need this for your collection.  The movie comes with character cards, a book with inside info on the movie and lots of behind the scenes stuff. I'll probably give away my earlier addtions. I've already ordered the Sorcer's Stone and can't wait to see what is in the ulitmate edition!!
0810982862|4.0|Pros- a couple fold-out pages for seriously awesome double (and triple!) page spreads, shows a decent amount of the visual development on the critters. Some great matte paintings too!    Cons- There is a lot of text. I do like to see what is going on in the minds of the designers but at times it seems like the text is just there to be there, might as well be greek. Also, I have found probably half of the images in the book one google, not as illegal scans but as images accompanying official articles and such and one thread on Zbrush Central filled with a good deal of stuff.    Overall I still recommend this book to fans of the movie and artists interested in the development of it, but be prepared for maybe not as much process work as you might like.
0061914177|5.0|I bought this book after Tony Robbins posted on his twitter how inspiring Vaynerchuck is. Intrigued I laid down the 15 bucks and bought a copy. I was hooked after the first chapter. I then passed it on to my wife who, like me, has a passion on everything eco and green. We are currently working on raising the capital to build our webpage and will soon be Crushing It. I have since bought copies for my sister, brother-in-law and a couple co-workers at my job. So far no complaints from them.  I have read the book about 3 times and I am now listening to the audio version that just came out - which I highly recommend.  It is a quick read and can easily be reread (trust me on this, I have never read a book more than once.)  I highly recommend this to anyone that has a passion about anything and wants to live to work not work to live. This is not a get rich quick book, this is not a work only 3 hours a day book, this is a get out there and hustle and \\"bleed out of your eyeballs\\" book.
B000VSBX34|5.0|I had completely forgotten how much I loved this movie - it is so incredibly quirky!! My 11 year old son is now into the Beatles thanks to Beatles Rock Band so I got it for him....& he has watched it a dozen or so times cracking up each time. Seriously a true classic!
0439882826|5.0|This book is a must have for all ages.  It is very impressive with a big pop up in the middle of each page and then smaller pop up's on the corners of each page.  It became exciting to turn the pages and see what was next. The cost surprised me the most, you get alot of bang for your buck on this one.
B000ZELISO|5.0|I was seriously skeptical of Half Blood Prince after the mangling Order of the Phoenix received (I can't even watch that movie without getting mad). HBP Follows the book fairly well, it has good action sequences and good acting. The parts where they veered from the book are still good and interesting and I understand the changes.     As for Blu Ray, you just can't go wrong, it's like actually being there. Put on your cape and grab your wand and dive into Harry Potter on blu ray!
B001GWK2MC|1.0|I purchased this bouncer for my kids (boy, 4 and girl,2) for Christmas 2009. We set it up on December 25.... Kids loved it a lot, but on January 4th, after steady but normal use, a small tear in one of the seams appeared. This was not a tear from some object poking a hole in the material, but was obviously a tear caused from poor manufacturing where the seam simply tore apart. Slowly but surely, the bottom inflatable piece lost all its air. I was very careful about not allowing the kids to use this bouncer with shoes on. What a disappointement (especially for my kids)!!!!!!! Have to go find a patch...Hope it will fix the problem for now...
B0026P3G12|5.0|I am very impressed with the quality of Susan Boyle's voice.  On this CD she keeps a slow tempo which I find very effective and relaxing.  Hope she makes more.
B002VXDOT8|4.0|Great movie, whether the story line is entirely factual or not!  Meryl does a fantastic job, as does Stanley Tucci as Paul.  It is a delight to see a movie about a good marriage!  It makes us aspire to that level of loving, trusting regard for each other!
B000ZECQ08|5.0|We're big Harry Potter fans in our house.  Love the movie, although the books are so much better!
B000U0F7RG|5.0|I purchased this set as a birthday present to myself. I opened the box so fast, like I was 15, not 55. But when I saw the case inside, I felt 10 again! I didn't realize the packaging was like the old \\"Barbie\\" doll cases we had when we were kids. If you know any one who is a fan of the show and would enjoy a blast from the past, this is the box set to get. The book has the best photos of everyone and the bonus features are enjoyable.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|I bought this movie as a gift from Amazon.com and it was perfect! The movie is great! I don't think the kids have taken it out of the DVD player yet! Shipping was fast and super easy! Highly recommended!
B002BJGYTY|5.0|We shared watching the series when it was on TV and it was so nice to see all our Star's Hollow friends again.  The price on the series was less that half of what stores such as Target and Best buy sold them for and the quality of the product so far has been fine.
B0007OCG4W|4.0|While some films really get stronger and stronger with each viewing, I can't say that that is the case with `Closer'.  When I first saw the film I was totally ravaged by it and swore it a near-perfect masterpiece.  It just really spoke to me, with its blunt and harsh depictions of the realities of relationships.  The performances just wowed me in every sense of the word because I felt that bitterness and that anger and that passion.<br /><br />Then I saw it again...and again.<br /><br />As time goes by and this film turns over again and again in my head I begin to see flaws I didn't notice on the outset.  Especially when you compare this with the similarly themed yet drastically different `We Don't Live Here Anymore' (which was released the same year), `Closer' begins to feel stagnant.<br /><br />I'll get to that in a minute.<br /><br />The films premise is rather simple.  Dan is a flirtatious and charming man dating Alice, a stripper who is trying to feel a part of herself that has been missing for a long time.  Dan is attempting to become a novelist.  He meets and instantly falls for Anna, a photographer, but she isn't interested in a relationship that isn't exclusive.  So, in an attempt to seek revenge, Dan ends up sending Larry (a dermatologist) after Anna, only to have his plan backfire when the two end up hitting it off.<br /><br />Oh the twisted web we weave.<br /><br />`Closer' is never tame, and it never holds back from completely wiping our faces in the dirt that has become of their relationships (\\"he tastes like you, only sweeter\\" is still my favorite line from any movie in the past decade), but I think that in all its brave audacity one finds its biggest flaw.  `Closer' feels rather one-note.  There is no real variation of emotional complexity.  This is just a very evil film.  The performances, while seemingly powerful on the outset, lack any real longevity for me because they simply don't carry with them the range of emotion needed to make that long lasting impression.  All four actors put in some amazing work, but it's the characters that don't feel complete and so their performances don't have that well-rounded quality to them.  They are all very good at being angry and destructive.<br /><br />But, there is always Natalie Portman.  Say what you will about her lack of talent (the girl really has put in some `stinky' work during her career) but between this and `Cold Mountain', she proved that she has a lot of potential.  Maybe it was being given the only character that seemingly comes full-circle, but when all is said and done, it is Alice that I remember most of all.  While Clive Owen and Julia Roberts (Roberts is also remarkable astute in her performance and really elevates her characters lack of a real arc) may have the most volatile and explosive and memorable scenes in the film, it is Alice as a character (and thus Portman as an actress) that we will remember most, because her presence is so haunting.<br /><br />I still get shivers whenever I hear `Blowers Daughter'.<br /><br />In the end I still feel that `Closer' is a very good film, it just lacks that extra layer in order to achieve brilliance.  It comes on very strong, and so you initial reaction can be very deceiving (this is brash, this is brave, this is crushing; it must be marvelous!), but over time its lack of real emotional depth leaves it feeling rather shallow.  I highly recommend `We Don't Live Here Anymore' over this film, but as you can see, a B grade (which is what I am giving this film) is still very worth your time.amazing work, but it's the characters that don't feel complete and so their performances don't have that well-rounded quality to them.  They are all very good at being angry and destructive.      But, there is always Natalie Portman.  Say what you will about her lack of talent (the girl really has put in some `stinky' work during her career) but between this and `Cold Mountain', she proved that she has a lot of potential.  Maybe it was being given the only character that seemingly comes full-circle, but when all is said and done, it is Alice that I remember most of all.  While Clive Owen and Julia Roberts (Roberts is also remarkable astute in her performance and really elevates her characters lack of a real arc) may have the most volatile and explosive and memorable scenes in the film, it is Alice as a character (and thus Portman as an actress) that we will remember most, because her presence is so haunting.    I still get shivers whenever I hear `Blowers Daughter'.    In the end I still feel that `Closer' is a very good film, it just lacks that extra layer in order to achieve brilliance.  It comes on very strong, and so you initial reaction can be very deceiving (this is brash, this is brave, this is crushing; it must be marvelous!), but over time its lack of real emotional depth leaves it feeling rather shallow.  I highly recommend `We Don't Live Here Anymore' over this film, but as you can see, a B grade (which is what I am giving this film) is still very worth your time.
B002BJGYU8|5.0|We shared watching the series when it was on TV and it was so nice to see all our Star's Hollow friends again.  The price on the series was less that half of what stores such as Target and Best buy sold them for and the quality of the product so far has been fine.
B0007TKNII|3.0|I am a gigantic fan of the stage play `The Phantom of the Opera'.  I've seen it ten times and I'm actually planning on seeing it again in March.  I've seen it in Boston twice and once in New York.  I've seen nearly every adaptation of it.  I mean, I LOVE this story!  A few months ago I wrote a review for the 1925 film adaptation, which in my opinion is the best film adaptation of this story.  In that review I mentioned that I was a fan of this 04 version.  Truth of the matter is that I saw this twice in the theaters and I do own it, but as I've pondered this film (and recently rewatched it) I've come to realize that I'm not as much a fan as I thought.<br /><br />Here is why.<br /><br />As I thought about this version two things really stuck out for me.  Visually it was sublime.  I remember the first time I saw it, I was just literally spellbound.  It was seriously like my eyes were seeing heaven for the first time.  The clouds parted, the beams of light shone through, and there was Christine, singing her glorious little heart out.  The second thing that was ingrained in my head was that Gerard Butler was horribly bad in the title role.  While he carried with him a believable angst, his vocal power is just horrible.  He was off key, sloppy and lacked any grace and beauty (vocally) that is needed to carry this role.<br /><br />I have said numerous times that vocal strength is the most important thing when casting a musical, but throwing a vocally retarded actor like Pierce Brosnan a role in `Mama Mia!' is no where near as offensive as handing the coveted and prominent role of THE PHANTOM to an actor who cannot do it justice.<br /><br />So, as I settled in the other night to give this another whirl I started to realize that the film, while visually captivating (don't let anyone tell you otherwise), this film adaptation is missing something special...heart.<br /><br />While Emmy Rossum is stellar as Christine, she cannot carry this film on her own.  The main emotional focal point here is The Phantom, and Butler is not capable of making him a truly transcendent human being.  Because we are restricted from really seeing his face, it is his voice that needs to reach us, and Gerard is not able to do that.  While the story is still presented to us in whole form, it doesn't capture the emotional impact of previous adaptations (and of the stage play), even if this version is the most theatrical.  Of all the film adaptations, this is the most lavish and visually appealing, and it is the one that most resembles (visually) the stage play.  But, visuals are not everything, and sadly that is ALL that this film really provides.<br /><br />Aside from Rossum, who is, as I mentioned, stellar.<br /><br />As far as the supporting cast is concerned, the only standout for me was Minnie Driver, whose comedic performance is shrieky but memorably so.  She is funny and spunky and adds a nice touch to the film.  Patrick Wilson may be pretty (and his voice is immaculate) but he is awfully wooden here and totally forgettable.  I like him as an actor (especially his 06 work), but here he is just another set piece; something to look at but never truly `feel'.<br /><br />So, I recommend this because it is a captivating film, but it is not one that you will really take anything away from.  As the years have gone by I wondered why this film really escaped my memory where others have lingered so vividly.  Watching this again helped me understand why.tler is not capable of making him a truly transcendent human being.  Because we are restricted from really seeing his face, it is his voice that needs to reach us, and Gerard is not able to do that.  While the story is still presented to us in whole form, it doesn't capture the emotional impact of previous adaptations (and of the stage play), even if this version is the most theatrical.  Of all the film adaptations, this is the most lavish and visually appealing, and it is the one that most resembles (visually) the stage play.  But, visuals are not everything, and sadly that is ALL that this film really provides.    Aside from Rossum, who is, as I mentioned, stellar.    As far as the supporting cast is concerned, the only standout for me was Minnie Driver, whose comedic performance is shrieky but memorably so.  She is funny and spunky and adds a nice touch to the film.  Patrick Wilson may be pretty (and his voice is immaculate) but he is awfully wooden here and totally forgettable.  I like him as an actor (especially his 06 work), but here he is just another set piece; something to look at but never truly `feel'.    So, I recommend this because it is a captivating film, but it is not one that you will really take anything away from.  As the years have gone by I wondered why this film really escaped my memory where others have lingered so vividly.  Watching this again helped me understand why.
B002BJGYUS|5.0|We shared watching the series when it was on TV and it was so nice to see all our Star's Hollow friends again.  The price on the series was less that half of what stores such as Target and Best buy sold them for and the quality of the product so far has been fine.
B000TGQDZQ|4.0|One of Epica's best.Very well written and heavy at the right times.Simone is one of god's finest creations.
B00013M6NK|5.0|I decided to try the cheaper batteries for my Nikon P90.  They DO NOT SPRING out of the camera like the original Nikon battery.  On a couple occasions I had to extricate the cheapies like a bad tooth with a pair of needlenose pliers.  I am now buying two extra Nikon brand batteries.  The cheapos will act as spares in a pinch.  I do lots of bird and nature pictures so need to be able to change out the battery quickly since I may shoot 10-20 pix of quackers in motion.  I do not want to be fumbling with the no-namo battery and miss a shot.  I love my P90.  This is my first digital.  I am learning that we have traded to expense of film and developing the cost of batteries.  You wouldn't buy second rate film or pay for second rate developing on a film camera.  Please do not by second rate batteries.
B000069AT7|5.0|This set is absolutely GORGEOUS!!!!!  I don't know what this originally retailed for as Amazon no longer is selling and had to get through a third party vendor, but OMG--for around 25, to receive the original edition of the movie (with 5.1 sound) plus the 2002 edition (in DTS sound), Plus a special features disc, Plus a CD containing the soundtrack, PLUS a book printed on high quality paper and chock full of photos--both color and b&w, PLUS PLUS PLUS a numbered E.T. senitype (a piece of the actual film)!!!  For someone who had only the original VHS tape, I thought I had died and gone to heaven.  E.T. is one of my all time favorite films.  I don't care how often I have seen it, I ALWAYS cry when E.T. dies--the way the little boy is in agony while E.T. is dying just rips my heart out.  The only way this set could have been better is to have the original version in the same video/audio quality as the 2002 version.      I, like most of the reviewers, do still like the original version better than the 2002 version.  Walkie talkies??  Police and federal officials carry guns--I think most kids know this.  And dressing up as a hippy was a classic costume in the 80's--long past the time of the hippies, so no threat--can't imagine why a parent would think that was as bad as dressing as a terrorist, or even as bad as the costume Michael DID wear--a knife slicing into his head with blood dripping down.  Besides, do the children of the new millenium even know what a hippy is??  The only additional scene from the 2002 version that I found even mildly amusing was the one where E.T. was balancing on the side of the bathtub, almost falling in.  They probably couldn't make that look good with the lack of CGI in 1982.  However, that was only a few seconds long, and I didn't think it really flowed with the film (i.e. you could tell it was \\"added\\").     I am very happy I bought this particular product as it contained so much material.  Now the only version left I need to buy is a blu ray version (don't think this has come out as of the time I am writing this).
B000GR1XYE|4.0|What bothers me is that you are so closed minded and obviously suffer without a faith as you would not exude such negativism if you had a spiritual enlightment ; open your mind and soul, and the joys of the lord will fill you very being and you will see.....
0545101417|5.0|I love audiobooks and loved this book, so the two together equals one fabulous purchase!  Wonderfully written by the author and fantasically read.  Have both the Hunger Games and Catching Fire in book form and audiobook.  Highly recommend these two!
B001UHOWXI|4.0|I like the colorized version and my wife likes the black and white version, so this is perfect!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan, this is a beautiful CD and I can't listen to it enough.  She has such a beautiful voice.  I love it.  It was worth the wait.
630587493X|5.0|I was happy with this DVD because it shipped quickly and in time for Christmas. The DVD case/cover was in great shape, as was the DVD itself.
B0000AUHPK|4.0|This 1992 adaptation of Bronte's classic novel is directed by Peter Kominsky and is most notable for his attempts to interpret the entire novel on-screen. Here, both the second generation of Earnshaws and Lintons are portrayed, and it is also interesting that the director chose to cast Juliette Binoche in a dual role, as Heathcliff's tortured love, and also her own daughter. Though this version has suffered at the hands of critics and purists alike, I consider this one of my favorite adaptations of \\"Wuthering Heights\\", mainly because of Ralph Fiennes' credible characterization of the tortured anti-hero. Heathcliff is such a complex character and one not easy to like, considering the cruel and callous way he treats those around him, even manipulating his own son for his twisted notions of revenge. But, despite all this, Fiennes' portrayal invites our sympathy - his deeply rooted love for Cathy and his insurmountable grief at losing her is so credibly conveyed that one can't help but sympathize with him and understand his motivations, however misguided they may be. The movie is beautifully filmed with stunning cinematography, and the score suits the somber storyline. This may not be considered a classic adaptation of Bronte's masterpiece, but it certainly was compelling for me.
0345451325|5.0|Let me make myself clear- I love Halo. I played all the Xbox games and still play Halo 3 on Xbox live from time to time. I recieved The Fall of Reach for Christmas and at first was kind of skeptical. I expected a cheap video game novelization with shallow plot and little to no characterization. As I read, my opinions changed. First off, Eric Nylund does a great job fleshing out the Halo universe by stocking it with memorable characters and locations. The first chapter deals with (then lieutenant) Jacob Keyes and Doctor Catherine Halsley as they descend on the planet Epsilon Eridani to extract John, who would later become the legendary Spartan-117, \\"Master Chief\\". It then shifts perspectives as you follow John through his years of rigorous training on Reach to become a spartan. Nylund gives Master Chief some much needed emotional depth, as all we got to see of him in the games was some 7 foot tall green dude blasting aliens. It also raises the moral issue of what can be done in the name of the \\"greater good\\". After detailing the Spartans first contact with the xenophobic Covenant, the novel again switches perspective to Jacob Keyes. Personally, this portion was my favorite part of the book. We see Keyes as a ship commander aboard the UNSC Iroquois as he engages Covenant ships. Keyes is portrayed as a tactical genius, and Nylund's telling of massive space battles is wildly entertaining. It is very easy to envision a massive space engagement unfold in your mind. The book concludes with Master Chief desperately attempting to save the military stronghold Reach, and leads directly into Halo: Combat Evolved and its novelization The Flood.
038534273X|3.0|\\"This book not only tells the story how Larry and Sergey created Google and made it successful, also the principle behind the pair.    I don't know that Google has ambitious long-term plans on biology and genetics until I read this book.\\"
B001AVCFK6|5.0|Excellent movie and priced right.  Whether you are a trekkie or not, this movie is an excellent watch.
B000AJJNPY|4.0|mostly impressed with the super fast shipping :-) Great album but rather similar to their others, not much differentiation, unfortunately.
B002NWRMVS|5.0|I absolutely love this latest work from Norah Jones. Honestly she kind of lost me after her last album, but I LOVE \\"The Fall\\". The recording style is modern and rock-like, maybe a little funky. She's not the smooth Girl-Next-Door in this album, but definitely edgy and provocative. Thank you, Norah!!
B001GCUER0|5.0|What can I say that hasn't been said about this show---it's a great show and I only paid $14.99 for the entire 2nd season.  Thanks Amazon!!
B002Q9MZF6|5.0|I have seen and heard this opera before this, but this film out-performed all that I have seen and hear until now. A technical wonder for this film to match the music with the voices and acting. Moving the story line from the stage to outside sets was visually pleasing, as was the singing by all the characters. The sets provided a visual reality to the story line.     Any opera company, including the Met, will face difficulty matching this production
B00006CXSS|5.0|Obviously, a spectacular series!  The best directing, cinematography and acting render this compelling story addicting!  The box set comes in a metal box with and accordian style cardboard leaflet that harbors 10 DVD's.  A must buy for any history, true story or war buff!
B000WMFZMY|5.0|This is excellent movie for the whole family and it is to bad that Hollywood cannot or will not make them like this any more.  Rest assured that this is a 4 star movie and you will not be sorry you bought it.
B001L1S1SK|5.0|Ugly Betty started out as a comedy that revolved around a Queens girl way out of her league in the world of high fashion, and Season 3 continues to deliver the hopeful and hilarious comedy that have charmed many. The Season 3 DVD is great; not only does it include all the episodes in a very nice package (finally they disposed of the elusive booklets containing episode lists that everyone loses), it also has many special features such as all the Series 1 Mode After Hours episodes, and many behind the scenes featurettes. The entire set from the packaging, to the menus, to the discs and episodes themselves are all very high quality and well worth the money!
0679409874|5.0|One of the Dashwood daughters is smart, down-to-earth and sensible. The other is wildly romantic and sensitive.<br /><br />And in a Jane Austen novel, you can guess that there are going to be romantic problems aplenty for both of them -- along with the usual entailment issues, love triangles, sexy bad boys and societal scandals. \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is a quietly clever, romantic little novel that builds up to a dramatic peak on Marianne's romantic troubles, while also quietly exploring Elinor's struggles.<br /><br />When Mr. Dashwood dies, his entire estate is entailed to his weak son John and snotty daughter-in-law Fanny. His widow and her three daughters are left with little money and no home.<br /><br />Over the next few weeks, the eldest daughter Elinor begins to fall for Fanny's studious, quiet brother Edward... but being the down-to-earth one, she knows she hasn't got a chance. Her impoverished family soon relocates to Devonshire, where a tiny cottage is being rented to them by one of Mrs. Dashwood's relatives -- and Marianne soon attracts the attention of two men. One is the quiet, much older Colonel Brandon, and the other is the dashing and romantic Willoughby.<br /><br />But things begin to spiral out of control when Willoughby seems about to propose to Marianne... only to abruptly break off his relationship with her. And during a trip to London, both Elinor and Marianne discover devastating facts about the men they are in love with -- both of them are engaged to other women. And after disaster strikes the Dashwood family, both the sisters will discover what real love is about...<br /><br />At its heart, \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is about two girls with completely opposite personalities, and the struggle to find love when you're either too romantic or too reserved for your own good. As well as, you know, the often-explored themes in Austen's novels -- impoverished women's search for love and marriage, entailment, mild scandal, and the perils of falling for a sexy bad boy who cares more for money than for true love... assuming he even knows what true love is.<br /><br />Austen's formal style takes on a somewhat more melancholy flavor in this book, with lots of powerful emotions and vivid splashes of prose (\\"The wind roared round the house, and the rain beat against the windows\\"); and she introduces a darker tone near the end. Still, there's a slight humorous tinge to her writing, especially when she's gently mocking Marianne and Mrs. Dashwood's melodrama (\\"They gave themselves up wholly to their sorrow, seeking increase of wretchedness in every reflection that could afford it\\").<br /><br />And Marianne and Elinor make excellent dual heroines for this book -- that still love and cherish each other, even though their polar opposite personalities frequently clash. What's more, they each have to become more like the other before they can find happiness. There's also a small but solid supporting cast -- the hunting-obsessed Sir John, the charming Willoughby (who has some nasty stuff in his past), the emotional Mrs. Dashwood, and the gentle, quiet Colonel Brandon, who shows his love for Marianne in a thousand small ways.<br /><br />\\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is an emotionally powerful, beautifully written tale about two very different sisters, and the rocky road to finding a lasting love. Not as striking as \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" but still a deserving classic.a sexy bad boy who cares more for money than for true love... assuming he even knows what true love is.<br /><br />Austen's formal style takes on a somewhat more melancholy flavor in this book, with lots of powerful emotions and vivid splashes of prose (\\"The wind roared round the house, and the rain beat against the windows\\"); and she introduces a darker tone near the end. Still, there's a slight humorous tinge to her writing, especially when she's gently mocking Marianne and Mrs. Dashwood's melodrama (\\"They gave themselves up wholly to their sorrow, seeking increase of wretchedness in every reflection that could afford it\\").<br /><br />And Marianne and Elinor make excellent dual heroines for this book -- that still love and cherish each other, even though their polar opposite personalities frequently clash. What's more, they each have to become more like the other before they can find happiness. There's also a small but solid supporting cast -- the hunting-obsessed Sir John, the charming Willoughby (who has some nasty stuff in his past), the emotional Mrs. Dashwood, and the gentle, quiet Colonel Brandon, who shows his love for Marianne in a thousand small ways.<br /><br />\\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is an emotionally powerful, beautifully written tale about two very different sisters, and the rocky road to finding a lasting love. Not as striking as \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" but still a deserving classic.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I didn't know what to expect, but I'm glad I bought this DVD.  Michael C. Hall is great, as I expected.  However, I was also impressed by the rest of the cast.  The premise of the show is unique, and this season's story line really plays with your emotions.  I just kept watching episode after episode.  Definitely give it a shot.
B002AGIEYG|5.0|These are simply fantastic recordings. The Berlin Philharmonic is in such excellent condition, and Simon Rattle makes a dramatic adventure out of each symphony.  The strings play with a kush sound, and the winds have such amzing ensemble with real expressivity.
0141040378|5.0|Sense & Sensibility has been reviewed ad infinitum, but I wanted to say that this is one of the most beautiful books I own.<br /><br />I was looking for a series of classics that I could purchase in hardcover to spruce up my personal library. I stumbled upon these special editions from Penguin Classics, with covers designed by Coralie Bickford-Smith. I love books, but these books still make me giddy with delight when I pick them up. The covers have so much character and they're sturdy. The fonts are classic and easy to read, and the paper is substantial. The ribbon bookmarks, that match the cover, are a really nice touch. The only bad thing I can say, and it's so minor, is that the binding is a little stiff when the book is new. It loosens as you read.<br /><br />There are more titles available, though some are still exclusive to the UK. I truly hope Amazon and Penguin make all editions available in the US and keep them coming!
B002RSDW80|4.0|1949--Julia Child (Streep) moves with her husband Paul (Tucci) to France.  She can't figure out what to do with herself.  Paul encourages her to do the thing she loves--that's eat.  Despite the fact that she cannot boil an egg, she goes to the Cordon Bleu and learns French cuisine. Almost ten years later, she's the author of the first French cookbook for American women.     2002--Julie's (Adams) dreams of becoming a writer are almost done. The editor of the Amherst literary rag and the girl most likely is now a mid-level bureaucrat in a job that doesn't fulfill her and 900 square foot apartment that is closing in more and more by the day. Eric (Messina), her husband, encourages her to find something she loves to do to complete her.  She loves to cook, so she decides to go through Child's cookbook for a while year and blog the experience.      The two women's stories are told in parallel, so you can see how much the pair do have in common.  The performances by the quartet of leading actors is excellent.      WARNING:  This film may well be a diet buster.  Everyone I have talked to says you're going to want to eat after you've seen it and they are right.  You might as well have a dinner at a fine French restaurant planned for afterward--or at the least, make up a bowl of buttered popcorn.      Rebecca Kyle, January 2010
0810983915|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for my grandson.  I will buy them any books they want, so happy that they want to read.  He has read all the 'Wimpy Kids' books.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|From beginning to end a great movie.  Full of the little gags Pixar is famous for, but with a lot of messages to people growing older, this movie has it all.  Highly recommended.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|If you are a fan of television dramas, there is no excuse for not watching this.  I think the subtleties of the acting make it a better show than the Sopranos, Six Feet Under, and the Wire.  I was fully engrossed in every episode and couldn't wait to watch the next episode.  Also, the audio commentary is fantastic.
1416955070|3.0|I bought these books because I thought they looked good and when Stephanie Meyer wrote how she loved it well I thought why not. Basically Nothing or No Author so far can compare to Stephanie Meyers writing in the Twilight books she pulls you in and your hooked from the beginning. These books however didnt really pull me in and they were just another book to read. I anticipated all but one thing which was basically the most important and completely disappointed me. She has you really liking Jace and you want him and Clary to be together but with the ultimate twist they can never be together. I MEAN HOW CAN YOU MAKE THEM BROTHER AND SISTER? GRRR. Simons ok but I mean come on really? :( Ill read the other two books to see if they get better but Im not jumping into it or in a hurry or anything.
0142402753|5.0|At the rate I'm going, i'll soon have all the julia donaldson books for my grandchildren--we love them.
0061914177|5.0|This book is great for someone looking to strike out on their own or someone looking to make a name for him/her at a company. I currently utilize the skills and strategies out lined in this book to grow my own social network, make an impact at one of the largest companies in the world. and build my own personal brand.     Crush It is a book that reads like a conversation and it is a quick read so you will want to go back through it time and time again. Make sure to follow the author Gary Vaynerchuk as well on Twitter @garyvee and check out his website at [...]. Everything he does adds to the book ten fold.     Follow me too at [...]
B002PMV9FG|4.0|We have all the Harry Potter movies. It seems as Harry gets older the plot line becomes darker. This was not a movie for young children as the first two were. It was actually kind of depressing, but well shot as always.
B000068TPN|5.0|This movie creates a very good depiction of combat.  I am partial to the men who participated in this battle because I attended Officer Candidate School (OCS 4-65) with most of the young Lieutenants that were killed in the Ia Drang and Joe Marm (Congressional Medal of Honor recipient) was my last room-mate in OCS.  I was assigned to the 1/7th Cavalry in April 1966 as a replacement ; therefore I had the honor of knowing and serving with many of the survivors of that battle. They were truly outstanding and brave young men.    I know that movie contents and lengths have to be limited, but I was disappointed that the 2/7th Cavalry wasn't included in their fight at LZ Albany and that Rick Rescorla (who saved many lives on 9-11) wasn't highlighted.  He was truly a military hero in the Ia Drang . A part two should be filmed to show the slaughter of our men after the 1/7th was withdrawn and the valor of these men.    However, I feel that this was the best Vietnam combat film ever made and highly recommend it to all.
B001GCUER0|5.0|Easily the best drama on television.  The acting just keeps getting better.  The audio commentary is also interesting.  Do yourself a favor and watch this show.  It will not disappoint.
B001YV5068|4.0|I hadn't seen this movie in theaters, but was pleasantly surprised by the story. This is not a typical heist / bankrobber movie but adds a few interesting elements to the mix. Strong performances of Jodie Foster, Clive Owen and Denzel Washington elevate the plot even further. If you like thrillers with a smart story, you won't be disappointed    Technically speaking, this is a strong release: video is clean without spots or other debris, colours are accurate and there's a lot of detail visible, even in darker elements. Audio is also engaging with clearly intelligible dialogue and some nice pans round out a strong audio track.    Extra's aren't abdundant but what is there, I found pretty interesting: some deleted scenes and interviews / featurettes.    All in all, a strong recommendation for fans of thrillers / heist movies!
B002VT6C0K|4.0|Alice Munro is a talented and profound observer of the human condition.   Excellent book.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I love Susan's voice and enjoy this CD immensely.  The songs are quite nostalgic and emotional, which tell where she's coming from.  I enlarged the words on my copier to make them easier to read and follow along with the songs.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|Purchase for my husband as a Christmas gift. Music and Video within the DVD was great. My husband loves his new DVD.
B000F9RB9Y|5.0|This is a great movie James Cameron if awesome,and it's on blu-Ray can't get any beter
B00000255F|5.0|Previously, I thought Springsteen was overrated.  My friend convinced me to buy this album, and I'm glad I did.  Nearly every track is great.  I recommend this even for the casual fan, as it won't disappoint.
B0026P3G12|5.0|What a find.
0316017922|4.0|The book was well written. Chronicled great success stories of prominent people. It was informative.
B002WY65W4|5.0|Much like \\"Sean of the Dead\\", this movie parodies zombie movie. However. it has so much more than mere witty writing going for it, the writers of this had tongue firmly planted in cheek. It has Woddy Harrelson as a man who discovers that zombie killing is what he was born to do, and is as excited as a kid at Christmas when finding a cache of weapons (\\"Thank God for rednecks\\"!!!) and loves coming up with the most creative zombie kills ever. The other characters are worth watching, including Abagail Breslin (Signs, Little Miss Sunshine) and possibly the best cameo ever. Jesse Eisenberg is perfect as a human survivor, who does so by following \\"rules\\".   The movie not only is winking to the audience, it let's us feel like we are in on a joke that only we know (watch the background for pop-up rules).    I can't wait to buy this one!
B001G70M6S|5.0|This film is just great... I have a Polaroid Propack with the Proflash unit... My only suggestion with this film is, double the processing time (time you wait before pulling the backing off) so that you get the contrast the film is famous for...
B001RNI34E|5.0|I loved this book! Some scenes are hard to take, psychologically, but it's worth it. It is a suspenseful, satisfying read.
B0013FSL0C|3.0|This season has some fantastic acting.  However, it just became too tedious for me.  There are over 30 episodes, and it takes a long time for the season to develop.  I think this was a better show concept in theory than in practice.  If you are looking for an action-packed show, this is definitely not for you.  It is all about talking, silence, and emotion.  Again, I enjoyed that for a while, but I was ready for the season to be over by the end.
B0029O08WA|5.0|Wow!!, needless to say any further. The compilation of all the tracks fitts exactly in the mood of the film. Although is more \\"Emo-oriented\\", the sounds of this CD totally worth it. Enjoy.
0763631205|1.0|The quality of the color printing of the illustrations is poor. Just how the text is Dickens's original version is not explained, nor are the additions to the regular published versions highlighted.  This text reads in a tangential,confusing, awkward way that clouds the impact and beauty of the story that I loved reading in my youth.
B002PMV9K6|2.0|I have all of the Harry Potter movies, and I thought the last one was the darkest, I was wrong. This movie was boring and didnt hold my families attention at all. I was really dissapointed.
B002AWJEU8|5.0|If you'd like to preview what this DVD is about soundwise, go see Steve Vai's youtube channel (search for \\"SteveVaiHimself\\").    I really cannot say anything bad about this DVD. Stunning performances, both melodic and fast songs & solos, great melodies and harmonies, tightest bass/drum/rhythm guitar combination I've ever heard - all this is featured on these two DVDs. On top of that you'll have two contrasting violinists blowing you away each in their own way. The sound of the songs has changed drastically compared to the past, not just because of the different instruments used, but also because of Steve's ingenious orchestration edits.    Bonus features will tell you more than you probably want to know about the band's tour experience which will make the obsessed fans happy.    You'll be able to tell that a lot of work has been put into this DVD. There was no weak band member. They've all got it down 100%. I will always treasure this DVD.
B00007K02F|5.0|My most favorite of all movies. Something about it tugs at my heartstrings. I watch it over and over again!
B001TK3XO0|5.0|I love books, but few stir my emotions as did 'A Thousand Splendid Suns'.  Unlike 'The Kite Runner', the book didn't grab me right away.  I knew the 'KR' boys by pg 10, it took over 100 pgs before I truly understood Mariam and Laila.  Miriam's initial disdain angered me, but then made sense as the story progressed.<br /><br />Khaled Hosseini transports a richly detailed, sad story towards one of adventure. A sisterhood forms and it reminded me of a film I'd watched 20 years earlier: 'Thelma and Louise.'<br /><br />The tragedy faced by Miriam and Laila should not be reduced to that of an American comedy, but, like the film, this book is driven by relationships.  These women make the most of a brutal situation and develop an understanding for love and its importance.<br /><br />I'm the last person to wax poetic about love, BUT, as in all great relationships, this is a love that grows and is earned.<br /><br />I fear any more information will spoil what is a thrilling final 200 pages.  It is hard to believe I'm writing this (I recommended KR to about 50 people), but it may be better than his first book.  Keep them coming, Khaled.
B00005RHGL|5.0|Beatiful DVD picture and great Digital 5.1 sound. Like watching a new movie. The directors cut adds some interesting scenes that flesh out the story too. Highly recommended for any Tombstone fan.
0553579908|5.0|If you are into fantasy fiction, you do yourself a disservice by not reading this book and the whole series.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|this is the best movie i have seen in 3D, i love the director and the characters, so you should go watch it in 3D
0198534469|5.0|This text ended up being the only required reading for the undergraduate complex analysis course which I am taking this spring.  I decided to pick it up early to review and its been nothing but a pleasure.  I am a mathematics/biology major but definitely not naturally gifted by any means in regards to math, only through diligent work has Needham's \\"Visual Complex Analysis\\" made the plunge into this topic pleasant.  I feel the author does a good job a using unique examples and geometric illustrations to connect proofs to more visual descriptive explanations.  Everyone is bound to find something in this book that they will like.<br />  The only thing I noticed is that the author chooses a style that leads to more theory and proofs then others. I do not mind this approach.  There tends to be not as many \\"plug-chug\\" examples or problems to work through.  Background in vector calculus, linear algebra, and differential equations has helped me in reading this book.  Two thumbs up!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Love the series.  Seller was great, shipped promptly and I had the discs before I expected.
1906694176|5.0|This is a 600 page, cannot put down, conclusion to a great series, numerous twist and turns, plots and sub plots, fast paced and very readables, I guess I need to visit Sweden & Stockholm to visit all the places mentioned !  enjoy !!!
0061914177|5.0|For those people who can't seem to grasp how social media can help their business and make them money, this book is for you.<br /><br />For those who are seasoned online business owners and want to know the latest cutting edge tools and strategies to take their business to the next level, this book is for you.<br /><br />For people who think Facebook is only good for playing Farmville and chatting with friends, you MUST read this book immediately and cash in on the power of social media.<br /><br />Whether you are a fan of Gary or not (I wasn't until reading this book) the guy knows what he's talking about when it comes to running an online empire and harnessing social media to take you as far as you want to go with your business. It's a quick read and the information contained inside is priceless.<br /><br />This stuff really works. If you are willing to implement the strategies Gary writes about and give your business the time and attention it deserves, there is no reason why you can't \\"Crush It\\".
B002QGUFWE|5.0|Great collection of her songs, really love to listen to it, great dancing, exercising, get up and move music.
B001NEK2GE|1.0|After reading the reviews on here I was very hopeful, and as it seems too much so.  Although the construction seems to be very good (but for 15 days how much is tested after all) it all comes down to the functionality.  This review is from someone running Snow Leopard OSX v10.6.2, so I have no idea about the issues on a PC.  I used this for a virtual PC game, with no known issues.  However, when trying to continue (note not GET it working) using it with a default built-in profile I was totally thwarted.  Crashes, repeated restarts of the program to get it to \\"automatically\\" recognize it/them, back-alley workaround by making the default setting the one I needed for EACH game, were all regular occurrences.      I am going to stop there as it has been such a disappointment I am astounded and will no longer recommend the Logitech line on name alone.  I must say that I have learned a harsh lesson which is browse through the manufacturer's forums before buying a product!  It is well known and complained about (on Logitech's site) that there is no support, that the design inhibits or removes functionality on third party usb software, and absolutely abysmal product development in relation to PC software.  There has been several updates of PC drivers and software while mac users are ignored, even with a laundry list of bugs.    Simply put, if you have a mac, get something else.
2839905809|5.0|In short: this is an essential reference for every innovator and entreprenuer.<br /><br />I kept tabs on the development of this book for months prior to its publication, and I was quick to have it shipped in from Europe when it was available. I was not disappointed and it has become a foundation for my quest in bringing my first innovation to market.<br /><br />Being a new entrprenuer, I knew from the begining that I wanted to find a new business model to bloom my innovation which will launch in an industry dominated by big players working with the traditional model. I had only tid-bits of knowledge in how I was going to do that until I read this book. After reading Business Model Generation I found myself taking the time to look at the current marketplace, identifying what models currently being used, and then ideating ways to adjust my model to see which variations will bring the most value to customers served while decreasing costs and increasing profitability. Without the guidance of this book, I don't think I would have prepared myself nearly as well in development of my business plans.<br /><br />The binding was developed so that the book could be opened flat on a table or desk. Unfortunately it makes it feel a bit less secure than a traditionally bound book. However, you will not be disappointed in your purchase and will definitely learn to appreciate having it open all the way flat versus having to press down on a hard new binding. The book is still very strong and I throw it in my bag everyday.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|If you like Joss Whedon's work and haven't seen this then I'd recommend a purchase.  It's highly amusing and almost profound.   You'll also find out exactly what the 'hammer' is ...    EDIT    Having now purchased the Blu-Ray version I can report that it is indeed in full HD and looks very much better for it.  It's high end HD camcorder quality not cinema camera quality but that's still a massive improvement over DVD at 52\\" in my case.    Interestingly it caused my viewers to notice that the selection of pans (cooking pots) hanging in Dr Horrible's kitchen during his first blog closely resemble a Firefly spacecraft when in shadow. Deliberate? Maybe.
B001EO748M|1.0|I purchased the first and second season--I should have taken the money outside and burned it instead.
1401322425|4.0|This book is very similar to the television show even including images from the show.  The recipes are for the dishes Jamie prepared on the show, so it's exactly what I was hoping for.
1416594787|5.0|Enjoyable, fun, and informative - and absolutely certain to be ostriched by creationists everywhere.  This book is aimed at the audience that, when asked about \\"intelligent design\\" or other creationist mumbo-jumbo, honestly don't have enough information to gauge what is true and what isn't.  As a solid and understandable description of the major avenues of evidence that all offer mountains of support in favor of evolution, the reader will have a much simpler time navigating the question of who is telling the truth.      Reminds me a bit of Sagan's \\"The Demon Haunted World.\\"  Makes me a little sad and somewhat embarrassed at our species that such books are even necessary, but fools and con artists will always try to eclipse the truth with their new flavor of religion.      T
B002EULANU|5.0|Blacksummer's Night has been rocking my Ipod since I saw Maxwell perform on BET.  This album is a MUST HAVE! Money well spent.
B000N3ST3Y|3.0|This version is okay for the causal fan. I recommend getting the tour version instead of this because it contains more songs and two more disks.
0847830942|5.0|You like bikes? You like custom built bikes, chrome, racks, luggage and good brazing? This is a book for you. Awesome pictures and descriptions of old bikes.
B0028RXXE8|4.0|I've been watching the regular dvd release of Rome for about 3 months now.  The first time I saw it I was blown away by the art direction (magnificent sets by Joseph Bennett), the wonderful musical score by Jeff Beal and April Ferry's gorgeous costumes which won many awards.  I was also impressed by the courage of a mostly fine cast of actors who are asked in some cases to bare it all and behave in a very uninhibited manner.  There is a great deal of nudity, sex, torture, murder, opium smoking, battling armies and gang warfare.  There is also a great deal of high humor which balances out the shocking bits.  The humorous parts are also the best parts of the scripts which vary in quality depending on who the screenwriter is for the episodes.  Bruno Heller, executive producer, wrote most of the 22 episodes but is replaced by others (other producers in most cases) whose abilities with writing dialogue range from pretty good to pretty awful.       The basic story arc over the 2 seasons is good but could have been much better.   The series is hobbled by one satellite story revolving around the personal life of the Jew, Timon, Atia of the Julii's household henchman who protects her property, and is also having sex with her when she allows.  The sequences involving Timon's personal family life are very boring and superfluous and add nothing to the story.  The point of the Timon side plot is apparently that his brother, Levi, has come to Rome from Palestine to kill King Herod who comes to visit and bribe Mark Antony.  That story line fizzles out in the end making the whole Timon thing a waste of time.    Taking up time and celluloid to focus on this was detrimental to the overall quality of the series.    For instance:  it might have been possible to include several characters who existed in history and were unceremoniously dumped from this series, like Brutus's wife, Portia, and Octavian Caesar's first wife before he married Livia who became the first Empress of Rome.There are other less obvious flaws mostly resulting from the soap-opera nature of some of the episodes.  Even the finest actors in the cast are tripped up by a quantity of fatuous dialogue, especially the overly sentimental Titus Pullo (Ray Stevenson).  He's a fine actor, handsome, rugged, an ur-macho hunk of a scruffy bear, but his character devolves from being a brutal life-long legionnaire in the 13th legion to a blabber-mouthed, mawkish know-it-all who becomes particularly annoying in the 2nd season.    Pullo's superior officer in the 13th is Lucius Vorenus, played with a wooden, cross-eyed peevishness by Kevin McKidd.  He's not much of an actor but he looks fabulous drenched in blood and he's got a penetrating glare that would stop a werewolf in his tracks.  McKidd is much more suited to his role as a doctor in the mundane Grey's Anatomy.    The other lead actors are much better.  Polly Walker (Atia of the Julii) is the powerful matron star of the show.  It took several viewings for me to appreciate the depth of her performance.  She's not simply a horny dragon trying to control everything around her by hook or by crook but is a force to be reckoned with in the history of Roman politics, at least as her character is portrayed here.  Walker is asked to do some very outrageous things in the course of the series.  She is one of the actors who has to bare it all and behave in a most uninhibited manner before the camera.  The other great leading performance comes from Ciarán Hinds (Julius Caesar).  His murder scene is powerful and moving and he doesn't utter a word.  He has an amazing array of facial expressions and is a very subtle actor... fascinating stuff.    I have mixed reactions to James Purefoy's Mark Antony.  Perhaps he suffered more than the rest from the concept of his character by the production team.  Purefoy is surprisingly excellent playing the vulgar, brutal, egomaniacal, testosterone poisoned general.  He too must bare all which he does without self-consciousness.  I got a little tired of his inarticulate noises made during sex and domestic arguments.  Why do English actors have to pant for 30 seconds, like they've just sprinted a mile, after they've had a sexual climax?  The English male has a reputation for being less than ardent in the sack so perhaps this accounts for their inability to strike an authentic chord when they are doing sex scenes in movies.  Simon Woods (the older Octavian) is just as bad.  He acts like he's having his toenails pulled out post-coitus.      Max Pirkis (Master and Commander) plays Octavian as a younger boy who is, unfortunately, replaced by Simon Woods in the last 8 episodes when he becomes Consul and First Citizen of Rome.  This is too bad because Pirkis is 10 times the actor Woods is.  In fact wood is the operative word to describe Woods's performance.  Whereas Pirkis acts with the flair and confidence of a John Gielgud, Woods comes off as a reptilian automaton.  Perhaps he was directed to be like this; whatever the cause his performance is a failure but not as bad as the actors he is surrounded with in the 2nd season.    Octavian Caesar's General, Agrippa, is a priggish drip as performed by Allen Leech, and his speech writer and chief of staff, Maecenas, is bitchily performed by Alex Wyndham.  I've renamed these three puppies the Post, the Prig and the Prick.  Octavian's (2nd) wife Livia is played as a slutty airhead by Alice Henley.  All four of these pivotal characters are failures.  Clearly they were cast in this way so as to give the 20-somethings characters they can relate to, as most of the rest of the leads in the series are middle-aged.  It was a mistake to dumb-down these people.    You will have to look for enjoyment in the acting of many of the smaller parts.  Lydia Biondi (Merulla) is Atia's body slave and communicates so vividly with her facial expressions as to act the more talkative characters under the table.  And there are two classic performances from two ancient actors, John Boswell as the Curiel Magistrate and Helen Stirling as the old weaver on the Aventine hill.  There is an especially hilarious performance from Camilla Rutherford as Jocasta, the friend of Octavia of the Julii (Octavian's sister).  I think Kerry Condon was cast as Octavia because she looks like Max Pirkis.  Her acting isn't much but she's lovely to look at; mostly she cries a lot and has a small repertoire of facial expressions that are effective if of limited histrionic usefulness.    Lyndsey Marshal is sensational as Cleopatra.  Highly unusual and fascinating.  It is a pity more time wasn't spent in Alexandria instead of in Timon's house.  Cleopatra's son by Titus Pullo (according to this script) who is supposed to be Julius Caesar's, is played with great skill and with an engaging arrogance by Max Baldry, a stand out among the smaller parts and as competent a young actor as Max Pirkis.  And the young, pudgy lad whose name escapes me who plays the child King Ptolomy  XIII is a scream.    Lindsay Duncan's Servilia of the Junii is unusually annoying.  Servilia is one of the awful bitches in the history of the Western world and in that sense Duncan is quite effective.  She causes her son Brutus, played as an effete fop by Tobias Menzies, to throw himself on the sword, as it were, of the family honor as the founders of the Republic, and die simply so that she can have her female revenge on Julius Caesar who dumped her after his wife, Calpurnia (in a brilliant performance by Haydn Gwynne) finds out about their long-time love affair.  Duncan is one of those English actresses who rubs one up the wrong way with her precious accent and empty-headed attempts at depth.  Again, this may be largely the producer's fault.  I suppose her performance must be counted a success because she inspires so much bile in the viewer, but I find myself fast-forwarding through some of her scenes now.    There is much scenery chewing and over-acting from David Bamber, a notably cowardly and two-faced Cicero, and Simon Callow in a cameo role doing his usual bumbling schtick as a senator.  I did like Peter Eyre's star cameo as the prosecuting lawyer in Titus Pullo's trial for murder.  But most of the appearances of  recognizable (by U.S. audiences) U.K. television actors in small parts fall flat.      There are also many fine comparatively unknown secondary actors, too many to list, but they keep this leviathan of a story afloat when it might have sunk under the weight of the questionable production choices and miscasting already mentioned.  I can't end without mentioning too horrible performances from too horrible actors; one Duro, the slave/poisoner and King Herod.  They had to have been part of a package deal by the casting agency.  At least there is some satisfaction in watching Duro being tortured, stabbed a dozen times and then stuffed down a sewer hole.     Rome could have been a five star event if more care had been taken in the sub-plots and casting of a few crucial characters.  And the editing and continuity leave a lot to be desired as well.  The interactive features are pretty interesting, though I'd skip the audio versions of the episodes as most of them (with the notable exception of Ray Stevenson's voice-over in one of them) are vapid and annoying.  Better to turn on the 'When in Rome' feature which has boxes of information that pop up silently during the episodes and provide some fascinating background information as you go along without drowning out the dialogue as the blabbering audio versions do.  The extra special dvd that comes between the two seasons was not really worth the trouble.  It is brief and full of a lot of self-congratulatory burbling by the production team.       Still, it is a highly recommendable dvd set and is addictive.
B0025KVLS8|5.0|There's not too much that I can say about this CD that hasn't already been said.  So, let me make a point that you don't here commented on too much.    It's interesting to note how much John Lennon dominated the Beatles through their first 5 albums.  There isn't any album in which this is clearer than this one.    10 of the 13 songs on this album are Lennon songs (I'm Happy Just to Dance With You, sung by George, is actually a song written by John).  John even plays lead guitar on You Can't Do That.  His rhythm guitar is very prominently on display on many other tracks.  His signature is simply all over this one.    It wasn't until Rubber Soul that Paul started to reach parity with John in terms of the quantity of songs each was writing (very subjective on quality).    So, if you're a younger fan new to the Beatles game and have a preference for Lennon's music, this is a good one to check out and enjoy.    And, yes, the remastering is great!
0439882826|5.0|This book is worth every penny...My grandson, age 5 and my granddaughter, age 12 were fascinated by this book...it even has lighted sabers! Even though I gave it to my grandson, it was his dad who wished I'd given it to him...
B001FB55HQ|5.0|I'm a big Terminator fan, and I loved this one no less.  Sam Worthington did a great job.  I even thought Christian Bale did a good job.  Seen in many times and will watch it many more.  \\"Come with me if you want to live......\\"
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I purchased this blueray for my son's PS3 before Xmas and it arrive just in time for him to unwrap, We both Love this movie and got an awesome deal!!  Thanks
B001U887VK|5.0|I bought these to use as indoor/outdoor slippers, and they are awesome.  They don't have the holes all over like the traditional crocs so your feet stay warm and dry.    Plus they are a nicer looking shoe without the holes.  They are very soft and comfortable.  Very pleased.
B0026P3G12|5.0|It is so heartwarming to see the Susan Boyle who knocked our socks off on \\"Britain's Got Talent\\" looking adorable and cared for and to hear her strong vocals on this, her own CD.  She is capable of capturing the emotional wallop of a song with her beautiful phrasing; her voice, in combination with her personal liner notes and story, create an altogether moving and endearing album.
B002LK3DUQ|5.0|These were purchased as gifts for my daughter and granddaughter - both of whom were delighted to have the movie.
0061914177|5.0|The book provides great insight into how to translate old fashioned hard work into the modern world of social networking.  Make no mistake, there no secret formula for success here.  Gary is great at stepping back from the current situation and calling the way it is, and will likely be.  The reality is, you better like what you are doing, because  you're going to have to work harder at than ever to be successful. The good news is what you are passionate about doesn't have to interest everyone.  Only a small segment of the whole internet world has to care, and will if your effort is honest.  Lots of good advise from someone who made it big based on hard work. Reminds me some of the concepts laid out in \\"The Long Tail\\", but from a much more practical perspective.
B001G7SS96|1.0|ATENCION QUE THE ULTIMATE COLLECTOR'S EDITION EN BLU-RAY NO CONTIENE SUBTITULOS EN ESPA&Ntilde;OL COMO DICE AMAZON EN LA DESCRIPCION. TIENE UN MONTON DE SUBTITULOS PERO NINGUNO EN ESPA&Ntilde;OL. ES UNA LASTIMA PORQUE LA EDICION ES BUENISIMA Y EN PRECIO, PERO EL QUE NO SEPA LEER EN INGLES NO LA VA A DISFRUTAR TANTO.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|I have owned this movie for years and cannot imagine celebrating the Christmas season without it. Dickens' classic Christmas tale gets a whimsical twist with inclusion of the Muppets. Henson and company have fun with it without sacrificng the story or its powerful intent. Gonzo and Rizzo make for a great pair of narrators. Songs add to the fun and flavor of the film. Michael Caine is Michael Caine--and that means great acting. In fact, it's a terrific blend of people and puppets. While some versions of the Christmas Carol can be frightening for younger children (i.e., the ghost of Jacob Marley and the Christmas Yet to Come), the Muppets take a bit of that edge off. I highly recommend this as part of Christmas perparation--it has the right spirit!
B001AQT11M|5.0|Another gift purchase - given to a friend who is building her collection of Disney classics.
B000X2H8G4|3.0|I bought this as a gift for my husband so he could hear the television better without turning it up and blasting everyone else out.  Unfortunately, it picks up all the other noises in the house as well as the television and makes it too hard to listen to particular things.  I'm sure there's a use for it for other applications.
B000001EYO|2.0|It's okay.  Not as good as I had hoped.  There are only 2 good songs
074325144X|4.0|Nice ideas.., able to pick up some excellent refreshers and tips.., more like \\"PhysiologyRunning\\"..A possible scenario would be incorporating anyone's spiritual background into running.., drawing parralels.., not just Taoism...
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Item came quickly and at best price I've seen. This Blu-Ray set is awesome to the eye on your HD TV. Breathtaking photography, a must see for everyone on \\"Planet Earth\\"
B000083C49|5.0|Purchased this Star Trek for a new generation my grandson the humorous script is ageless...an all time family favorite for several generations.
B001AVCFK6|2.0|I am very sorry that I didn't open the product right away to watch it. (Lesson Learned)  I just tried last night and found that the movie I received was defective and it's to late now to return it for another copy - So I've wasted my money. Not a happy person here.
B001IAOEXU|1.0|I have always felt like the trigger buttons on the PS3 controller were too low and angled down so that your fingers easily slide/slip off and they were too mushy. So, I was pumped when I saw this and all of the great reviews it got. I thought these would fix the problem. Let me just say that these are very disappointing. First off, they sit up too high. I wanted the buttons up a little higher kind of like the xbox 360 but these are WAY too high now. Second, as others have mentioned, the triggers can sometimes pinch your fingers which well completely sucks. Some people may like these but I have already removed them from my controller.
B002ZG9968|5.0|I have seen The Back-Up Plan three times and I have the DVD on preorder.  I am a fan of Alex O'Loughlin, and as always, he does not disappoint.  This film is charming, funny and at times very touching.  I never have been a fan of Jennifer Lopez or what may be called \\"romantic comedies\\", but in this film I actually enjoyed her and I wouldn't even really consider it just a romantic comedy.  This movie is sexy and would be enjoyed by men and women of all ages. Much of the movie was actually filmed in New York, so you get that cool New York feel of the city.  Having lived in Manhattan for years and loving it, I can't think of a better combination - Alex O'Loughlin and New York City.<br /><br />I love the way Alex O. does comedy - he doesn't go over the top the way some actors do to the point where it is slapstcik - his style is perfect - realistic and extremely funny at the same time.<br /><br />The whole cast is wonderful, but I do have to say that one of my favorites was the little dog, Nutsie.  The whole story line about Zoe's pet shop added to the fun of the movie. They even had Cesar Milan, The Dog Whisperer.<br /><br />If you want to see a movie that is sexy, interesting, modern and funny, buy The Back-Up Plan.  The soundtrack is excellent too, so I bought the CD.  I have played it over and over and I never get tired of the eclectic mix of music.  Try the DVD and the CD - you will be delighted with both.<br /><br />I have seen all of Alex O'Loughlin's work since the beginning of his career in Australia and it is all fantastic - I can't wait for his next film.
0316017922|5.0|Excellent book for parents who want to give their kids the best chance for success. Gladwell brialliantly weaves science and storytelling for another palatable, informative read.
0061914177|4.0|Fantastic, uninhibited discussion of how to navigate the world of social media and conquer.  I like Gary's no holds barred attitude.    He discusses low cost, entry level approach all the way up to the pros (which is Gary's world now).  I was using social media already but I learned several new tricks that I could immediately implement.  Good for all levels.    Ginger Bratzel  [...]  [...]
0810979772|4.0|Granted you have to have some tolerance for fart and potty jokes. But it encourages kids to write creatively, and we had a blast doing it as a family.
B0028K3192|4.0|There is honestly no doubt about it, but there honestly has been a huge lack of traditional R&B Soul. While so much more of the hype has honestly been around wannbe divas like Rihanna, and the overexposure of artists like Beyonce' have saturated the market, there just isn't that much diversity anymore. For Maxwell, he had been out of the public eye for a very long time, which absolutely came as a surprise. But, with his album BLACKSummers'night entering #1, it became a outrageous surprise. Nevertheless, why he absolutely took sucha  very long gap between 2001's Now, and this album, I have absolutely no idea. Regardless, he has shown that his voice and the appeal of his songs have gotten better. But, the question is that was the album worth its weight in his absence? Here is the verdict on his efforts.<br /><br />Maxwell's 2009 album BlackSummers'night is basically a simple and yet short record that shows a deep feeling for Neo-Soul & R&B vibes that really do handle very well. The collection of songs remains very short, with only 9 songs, so it doesn't completely feel like a full-length album, but more than a EP to deliver. Regardless, the songs are well-received and carry a deep feeling of songs that really connect with loss and heartache that is deeply connected with the horns and old school R&B. That has shown noblely well with the opening single, the deeply intimate Pretty Wings, as well as the simple and provocative Bad Habits (which showcases well from its steamy video,) Fist Full Of Tears, and all the way to Love You. I was absolutely surprised how good the songs were. But, the big disadvantage with the album is that it really is short, and leaves fans honestly hoping for more from him, voice and all.<br /><br />All in all, if you've never heard Maxwell before, than this would be a nice place to start. BlackSummers'night is a well-arranged record, but more songs could've been added to the record to make it worth the effort. Despite it being short, it still is better than most of the records that have came out in R&B the past few years. Maxwell definitely has shown a great respect for soul, and that has been deeply missed for awhile.<br /><br />Album Cover: B<br /><br />Songs: B<br /><br />Price: B-<br /><br />Mastering: B<br /><br />Overall: B 1/2-of the records that have came out in R&B the past few years. Maxwell definitely has shown a great respect for soul, and that has been deeply missed for awhile.    Album Cover: B    Songs: B    Price: B-    Mastering: B    Overall: B 1/2-
B002VPE1AM|5.0|Just got back from seeing it in stereo.  First, the 2k Dolby 3D digital projection was certainly not lacking in detail or contrast.  I'm even feeling a little home-sick for this Pandora planet.  About half way into it, besides the recent discomfort of the glasses starting to subside, I realized something:  I was having a visceral reaction to the stereoscopic, like our brains are hard-wired to suspend disbelief emotionally in a deeper way than we realize with stereo 3D when done right.  The reaction is involuntary.<br /><br />Having been an early adopter of stereoscopic for flight simulators, helped people running remote-controlled aircraft use 3D head-mounted-displays, helped a helicopter flight school in Europe use the same gear for training, and with how distracting it was in the animated movie Up, I figured this would be distracting and rob the film of the artistry in composition.  I had concluded stereoscopic was great for games, simulators, and virtual presence, but not art.<br /><br />Cameron and friends have created a new form of composition.  Avatar is universally a ground-breaking achievement in the arts.  And no one can tell me someone like Orson Welles wouldn't be agreeing with that.  Funny thing that humans have managed this.  I think perhaps the imperfection in the synthetic stereo like this is where the art is.  Perfectly-replicated real 3D vision, which would allow us free-moving selective focus, is replaced with this flawed but creatively useful technique.  Cameron's choices of deep focus, selective narrow focus, and the composition within each at any moment I think is what gives him the tools to control and sculpt it into art.  If it instead was exactly like looking into a window (which is impossible technically), it wouldn't have nearly the potential or effect for film-making.<br /><br />I'm wondering, though, if Avatar is the moon, I mean the Apollo Program.  Will anyone be able to not just top it, but even equal it?  I have a hard time believing anyone but Cameron is in the position.  48 or 60fps stereo will give an order of magnitude higher fidelity throughout, not to mention for scenes with fast or numerous elements of motion.  But he's convinced me 3D was the correct route to take now even being constrained to 24fps with current bandwidths to the projectors.  I'm not sure if the live action for this one was filmed in 24fps, because it could even warrant a re-release when the projection is ready for higher.  Still, the strobe effect was not enough to abandon 3D or wait.  The experience of watching Avatar in stereo was almost a taste of the avatar experience of the characters inside the film.<br /><br />As for those characters, I was astounded they managed to keep the eyes from looking dead and doll-like, as we saw in such CGI films as Final Fantasy.  All the range and drama was there, and I cared.  This is the polar-opposite of our reaction to Jar-Jar Binks.  Those head-mounted cameras and the painstaking rendering to match all the facial expressions, especially those eyes, paid off.  The real actors' performances captured are nuanced, moving, and powerful...the equal to the photographed variety.  After a while, I found them to actually look sharper and more vivid in some ways than the live action.  That's likely because Pandora was so colorful and alive, rather than some difference in apparent resolution.  Normal reality starts to look drab by comparison.  You can't help but feel that even more walking out of the theater.<br /><br />Is the concept simple?  Is the name unobtainium meant as a joke?  What difference does the simplicity of the concept make or the proper name of a rock?  In my opinion the proof is in the execution.  This film is proof something small can be made grand, and there is far more than anyone can absorb in a single session in Avatar.  Perhaps the biggest compliment I can give is at 2 hours and 30 minutes it actually felt short, to the extent I wanted to sit through it again immediately or sit through a sequel.  Don't get me wrong.  It doesn't necessarily need more.  Avatar had a beginning, a middle, and a perfect ending.  The ending, and the film as a whole, proved James Cameron did not peak with a seminal masterpiece like Aliens, or plateau with blockbusters like Terminator 2 and Titanic.  He has redefined what \\"Film\\" is.  We're lucky to be alive to witness it.<br /><br />To the young man I incidentally met at Wal-Mart not an hour after seeing Avatar who does not have the ability to perceive depth perception: my parents thought it was fantastic in 2D.<br /><br />To the blind: I hope one day you can gain sight.<br /><br />Adriana Lima is yet another reason I feel lucky to be a man.<br /><br />Avatar is yet another reason I feel lucky to see and hear well.get me wrong.  It doesn't necessarily need more.  Avatar had a beginning, a middle, and a perfect ending.  The ending, and the film as a whole, proved James Cameron did not peak with a seminal masterpiece like Aliens, or plateau with blockbusters like Terminator 2 and Titanic.  He has redefined what \\"Film\\" is.  We're lucky to be alive to witness it.    To the young man I incidentally met at Wal-Mart not an hour after seeing Avatar who does not have the ability to perceive depth perception: my parents thought it was fantastic in 2D.      To the blind: I hope one day you can gain sight.      Adriana Lima is yet another reason I feel lucky to be a man.      Avatar is yet another reason I feel lucky to see and hear well.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|Love it, love it, love it.  Just adorable & 1 of my favorite X-mas movies.  :)
B0013N3DSE|5.0|An excellent transfer to blu-ray. This disc is Region Free and does play on UK blu-ray players.
B0026P3G12|5.0|After seeing Susan Boyle's performance on the talent show I knew that we would hear more from her. I was delighted to see that she had made a CD and was anxious to purchase a copy. It was not a disappointment. She is a joy to listen to as she uses her own unique interpretation of the music. Hopefully this is only the first of many CD's we can look forward to having by this gifted singer.
B0019HQIGS|5.0|As a european I haven't heard of Mayer before. But his Performance at the Michael Jackson memorial-service, where he performed a inspiring guitar-cover, made me look a bit closer.  The first of his songs that I heard was \\"Daugthers\\" (Where the light is - acoustic set). This got me hooked... Watching the available youtube resources I more and more came to the conclusion ... this DVD is a must-have.    So I gave the DVD as a christmas gift to my dad and we watched the show on the home cinema... incredible:    The acoustic-set contains such rich Guitars and vocals. Would love to know how they got this amazing guitar-sound. John not only plays really tight guitar, but also gives a driving rhythm just with his palm.  The trio-set is pure blues and fun. You can tell that they like what they do, that they challenge each other and that they are capable of creating an amazing sound landscape with limited instruments.  The band-set is pure creativity. John has gathered the creme de la creme and lives up to the challenge.    I like the self critic, to earth commentaries which John gives in between the set. He has a very sarcastic way of communicating with the audience.    He is my artist of the year 2009 ... the DVD might keep him at the top of the list for 2010 too. I personally find this DVD very inspiring and its great entrainment.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|Excellent! British Drama period film at it's best. Great Acting. Great acting! Keeps the viewer wondering what the secret is all about. Holds attention very well. Shows other countries. The presentation of England city life & economy very realistic. A heart warming plot. Well screen written, Well directed. A very good Charles Dickens adaption. Very enjoying!
B00004RF8J|5.0|This is a funny musical.  One of my favorite musicals and Steve Martin is great.  It is about a plant from space, that is purchased by a quite guy that works at a flower shop.  The plant starts to make him famous but seems to be dying.  He finds out it needs blood to live and grow.  The story is good and has a subplot of a love story between him and a coworker he has always had a crush on.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|I bought this remastered Stereo collection for my wife for Christmas.  She is a huge Beatles Fan.  Needless to say, she Loves Me !!!
B00304LF0W|4.0|Alot of people bad mouth this movie because it resembles a blair witch project and has a slow beginning; however, i for one found it to be one of the scariest movies i have ever watched in a long time. Like I said before the first 20 minutes of the movie is boring, but dont cut it off. The movie starts to get going and every night the characters go to bed you will get chills waiting to see what this enity will do next. I for one did not like the dvd because of the endings. They were not bad, but not as scary as what i seen on the internet. They kinda of cut things out. None the less it is still a erie movie. The funny part is that the movie will get you when you are alone at night, because of the little noises you hear time to time in your home. I have just now been able to sleep in my bed. Dont laugh to soon until you have watched the movie because alot of my friends I have talked to have done the same after watching this movie. Its a must see in my book. Watch it if you dare!!!! LOL
B00005O3VC|1.0|This is depressing - I bought this movie for a friend, and when she opened it, there was only one disc inside and it was just the special features, no movie.  Why did Amazon have to advertise it incorrectly as a special edition 2-disc set?  I'm very disappointed.
0385341008|5.0|A friend recommended this book, and it sounded OK, but it took me a while to get around to opening it... then I could not put it down.  The characters and story line were wonderful and the author pulled you in and would not let go.  I hated to see it end, and in a few months will read it again.  It gives a great picture of life on Gurnsey Island, and the people who populate it, as well as an insightful look into what happens during an occupation.  The love story woven through is done with a deft touch, and I wish I could meet the people who populate the story.
B002RSDW80|1.0|Meryl Streep notwithstanding, this movie is a dud. Sorry. If you've seen the advertisement trailer on TV, you've seen all the good parts. It is a sad commentary on a cubicle rat kind of job that a young urbanite woman has, her mediocre marriage, and a goal she sets for herself to blog about it on the Internet while she tries to prepare every recipe in Julia Child's cookbook. The characters never develop very far, there really isn't a plot, the mother (off camera) is all too familiar in the role of nay-saying nattering nay bob like most of us have in real life, and I doubt if very many people still believe you can have low paying patsy jobs and afford a huge apartment then still have money left over to have fun with to the extent of extravagant meal preparations like Julia Child's recipes. Give me a break. The movie never goes anywhere, and there isn't anything tasty about it.  I give this movie two definite thumbs down.
B001OQCV60|4.0|As commodity entertainment goes, this has just about everything. Robert Downey Jr. gets plenty of chance to practice amusing throw-away lines. There's plenty of action, a chaste and ambivalent romantic interest, a little steam-punk gadgeteering, and at least the facade of familiar characters - with enough new ones thrown into to keep the interest level up.<br /><br />That said, Arthur Conan Doyle would probably sue the pants off whoever did this to his characters. Holmes came across as much less emotionally stable and a lot more needy than the steely character from ACD's original. That \\"Fight Club\\" scene probably wouldn't have gone over too well either. And ... well lots.<br /><br />I'm not an ACD purist, though. I just wanted a fun flick, and certainly got my money's worth.<br /><br />-- wiredweird, reviewing the release to theaters
1594488843|5.0|Drive is great friction (In A Whole New Mind sorta way) It provides a treasure trove of resource materials that include well constructed concepts harnessed together in such a way as to bring the Core Concept of Motivation into the light of day.<br /><br />Thanks Dan -- I am proud of you and your team for producing another \\"book experience\\" that is a joy to share with five ways to do it. (you know I am buzzin up a storm since this work is near and dear to my GOOD WORK.)<br /><br />David Yorka<br />Community Action Hero
B002RV01QI|1.0|If this was the \\"Very Best of Enya\\"<br />I would not have purchased any more of her recordings<br /> These songs do nothing for me why tese were picked as the \\"verybest\\" is beyond my comprehention
B002HWRYJE|2.0|Actually the story idea is okay.  I'm interested at first glance.  The inclusion of Leonard Nimoy as Spock in a cameo role during the movie may be this movie's only saving grace however.  The bad guy on the enemy ship is a tired cliche overused role that science fiction fans would rather see outside of Star Trek genre.  The gratuitous underwear shots of the green alien girl didn't add that much, and that whole segment in the dorm room could have been left out in my opinion and not diminished this movie even a trifle.  The explanation for why the doctor was nicknamed 'bones' is a great part of the story, and the character development of the original series roles of Kirk, Spock, Bones, Uhura, Chekov, Sulu, and Scotty are at least well thought out.  But Science Fiction seems to have hit a brick wall when it comes to innovative out of the box type thinking, and since the production budget didn't go to the cast, where's the special effects for the Romulan wierdo's ship?  Gene Roddenberry did more with the original series back there in the 1960's than modern day technology did with this movie.  Sorry Star Trek fans.  I vote skip this one as a to own film, and recommend you just rent it.
B000001E77|5.0|The only reason anyone could give James Brown Hell less than 5 stars is by comparing it to other works of genius, and fortunately for us JB gave us plenty of genius. This will be my first of his albums I purchased and I'm surprised at how eclectic the music is. I think of the \\"James Brown Sound\\" but every song gives us a completely different style. What's more, the songs transition perfectly (without mentioning the gong) so he should have gotten award for the sequencing alone. Other reviews refer to filler... I don't hear filler songs. The ballads (Sometime, Foolish Things) aren't why I'm into JB but they still speak to my soul.
0141040343|5.0|I shopped around for a good copy of Pride and Prejudice for a long time before coming across this one. I ordered Pride and prejudice and Jane Eyre. I recieved them yesterday and was very please with them. The pictures do not do them justice. They are gorgeous. I was afraid they would not be very durable, but they are very sturdy and the paper used for the pages is nice and thick. I wanted to find copies of my favorite classics that I can have for a long time and that would hold up to many re-reads and that is exactly what I have found in these. It doesn't hurt that they look great on the boofshelf either. I am also very glad that I ordered them from amazon and not from someone else (I did see them on a few other sites, for full price) because the price was amazing and they arrived properly packaged and in perfect condition with not a single flaw or bent corner, which happens easily to hard covers. I can't wait to order the rest of these beautiful penguine classics!
B000NTPDSW|5.0|I'll keep this brief. As my review title says, go buy this collection now! $50 for the entire Blu-Ray trilogy, plus AWESOME extras is a steal. I'm not sure how folks can give this collection anything below 4 stars. I thought the picture and sound were GREAT! I agree with a fellow reviewer that said these movies aren't to be used to show off your new HDTV/home theatre system, but they still look GREAT! I have I & II on VHS, DVD and Blu-Ray and wow what a difference the Blu-Ray makes! Anyhoo, I'll quit my rambling now, just wanted to put my 2 cents in. :)
B002SJIO4A|3.0|Hey, this may not rival the mega block buster epic sagas of science fiction that have millions to spend on production, but it actually was done pretty well and the underdog wins. I don't know about you but I've just about had enough of cliff hangers or giant efforts to make evil industructable to the point of getting numb as a viewer not knowing what to believe. This movie (D9) ignores the stereo typical ideas for sci-fi and gives me a sense of hope that no matter what sometimes the right champion emerges against all odds. On one hand it is shameful the producer drops the name 'Lord of the Rings' as part of his work, because D9 isn't even in the same league by any definition - not anywhere even close. But it is great to see some body count happening where it should and for what little budget there was obviously used (not used), I'd still recommend this movie for die-hard sci-fi fans. Not because it is fantastic, but because crawfish prawns deserve to be heard. The unlikely alliance formed is laughable but still a great idea to base the story's plot upon nonetheless. The armored suit machine had my attention, and I couldn't help but realize I need one of those myself in real life for about a week or two (hee hee hee hee). Don't spend big bucks on this movie - get it used, single disc edition, and that way you can still enjoy it. I'm grateful Amazon dot com has those kind of options and such a variety of reviews. BTW there's no female nudity so up front you're getting told here that the R rating is for language and violence. Good movie worth watching, even if I didn't recognize any superstar actors or actresses.
B00005RFAI|4.0|I am only slightly familiar with Pink's music because it is used for Jazzercise routines somewhat often.  I really loved one song on this album, so bought for that particular song.  I was pleasantly surprised that I liked quite of few of the tracks.  Amazon music is always fairly priced and it's vendors are reputable and also quick.  That is great in my book of positive things about Amazon.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|Love Harry Potter and love the movies.. This was a great price, quick shipping, and exactly what I ordered! :)
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle displays her great versatility throughout this eclectic collection of vocal renditions. She proves beyond a doubt that she is not a one-trick pony.
B002QB1910|5.0|I absolutely love this CD. I bought the edited version because I have a two year old that loves music too. She loves listening to this CD while we're driving. Great CD!
B001DJ7PNW|5.0|Amazon is the best place online to buy. Everything comes on time (or earlier), and is just as promised. I bought about %80 of my Christmas list at Amazon. They have a wonderful selection, and I had to return an item (my son and I bought the same thing) and it was easier than going to the store and standing in line. I just mailed it back (at Amazon's expense) and my account was credited in 3 days. I will continue to buy at Amazon.
B000PKX2KA|1.0|I am about 3 hours into this thing and still no fix, I hoped it would be plug and play..........
B002JCMZA0|2.0|Diana Krall has given us so many wonderful moments and she deserves to be as popular and prominent as she is.  This CD was a real surprise.  Her voice sounded harsh, lacking the smooth subtlety and sensuality of her former  work.  I guess it is just her age, but wow, after a while I couldn't listen, it almost made me weep.  Some performers  manage to hang onto their youthful voice, others transform their offerings to suit their mature voice.  Krall  must realize that time is robbing something sweet and wonderful from her instrument.  She can surely adjust  and I look forward to taking a chance on her next CD.  I had to give this one away to a friend who doesn't  seem to notice or care about the difference.  I hope to be pleasantly surprised next time.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|This version of Star Trek is a high energy, great special effect, humorous blockbuster.  It really has something for everyone:  fans of the series and those who never dared to give Star Trek a try. The young group of actors are sensational and they bring heart to this series. Truly one of the best films of 2009!  Give it a shot - you will enjoy it!
B002AT4K9G|5.0|my daughter loves this movie.  she got it for Christmas and watches it all the time.  she's a teenager.
B0026P3G12|3.0|I was disappointed in your product but happy with the content---such as it was.     Selections #8&9 were flawed causing me to return your product.    We have since purchased the same disc from a different seller & asre very pleased with the quality of all of the selections.
0810994739|5.0|My eight year old son, who does NOT consider reading fun, LOVES these books!  He read the first one and requested the rest of the series.
0312370849|5.0|I read this in 24 hours.This historical novel is well written. There are two different story lines and different narrators for each. The past and present do somewhat meet in the end.This is a Holocoust event that took place in France. If your like me you never heard about it before. This ranks up there with kristalnact,hidden Jews aka Anne Frank,the Warsaw ghetto,and Schindlers list. It's Kindertransport in reverse! I bought the book because I couldn't get a hold of a library copy in time for my book group.I'm glad to own it.My 21 yr old dtr also read it in 24 hrs.She stayed up until 3:oo am to finish it. Sarah's Key is a definite keeper.
B00006JU7T|5.0|A CLASSIC MOVIE WITH A GREAT ACTOR AL PACINO. A TRUE STORY ABOUT A HONEST COP IN NEWYORK.  YOU WILL LOVE THIS MOVIE
B0011MPZM4|5.0|This is a great book to give to a \\"New\\" mommy or someone who's parents are \\"aging.\\" I read it to my mom and we cried together!  It's wonderful for all ages and a great reminder of the circle of life!
B002H3F7F6|5.0|I've always listened to Sting, but this is one of his BEST in a long time.  It's for Christmas I know, but the melodies and lyrics are such that you will want to listen to it all year round.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants a Christmas CD that isn't all about \\"Jingle Bells\\"......and this it is not!  Outstanding.
0545123267|2.0|I'm a Children's Services Librarian and I was excited when this book came in because it had such great reviews. Hush, Hush also looked good but had some really bad reviews by the same folks so I was prepared for a great book. Wellll, I did finish it, barely, and it was HORRIBLE. Everything that everyone here writes, and more. I'm upset that we actually spent any part of our budget on this book. I'd pull it and give away as a summer reading prize, except that it's such a stinker, I'd feel bad for whoever won it!<br /><br />  Now, why would I give it two stars instead of one? For soemthing not directly related to the content: the cover. It's very pretty and makes you want to open it!
0762434260|1.0|I like the wand kit itself, but this vendor had already opened the product and rewrapped it in plastic wrap. The wand had been put together and was broken. It was not worth the effort of sending it back, but I would not recommend shopping from this vendor.
B00066FED6|3.0|the DVD did not work completely on my friend's DVD player, playing about 1/3., then reverting to the beginning
0385532458|4.0|I like Grisham's fiction. There, I've said it, and I stand by it. Admittedly I like some better than others. In conversations with others, I have discovered that I like the ones that others don't like (and vice versa). But because I like Grisham fiction, it was natural that I pick up a copy of his collection of stories set in his fictional Ford County, Mississippi--which was the setting of one of his better novels (and his first) A Time to Kill. Now for the first time since his debut novel, Grisham comes home to Ford County.<br /><br />As a simple explanation, quietly between the book title and the author's name on the front cover, rests the word \\"Stories.\\" The publisher could well have put the word \\"Snapshots,\\" because that is what you will find, snapshots of Ford County and its semi-redneck residents. The stories are not really related in their content aside from the fact that they are set in Ford County (and several of them deal with lawyers--which you would come to expect from Grisham).<br /><br />The stories are fairly short and swift to read. One encounter follows three family members as they drive to death row to be with the youngest member of the family in his last hours before execution. (I much preferred this treatment to Grisham's earlier, much longer work The Chamber.) Of particular interest are the opening story \\"Blood Drive,\\" the last story \\"Funny Boy,\\" and the next to the last \\"Quiet Haven.\\"<br /><br />\\"Blood Drive\\" chronicles the adventures of three young men who are loosely commissioned by the community of Box Hill to drive to Memphis to provide blood for one of their own who is reported to be on his deathbed after a work-related accident. \\"Funny Boy\\" watches the gay son of a prominent Clanton family who comes home to die of AIDS only to be rebuffed by everyone but the elderly black woman who is willing to care for him. Small town politics, prejudices, and power plays are revealed in vivid color. Even so, I particularly enjoyed \\"Quiet Haven,\\" the tale of a traveling nursing home worker who embeds himself into the lives of the elderly residents long enough to find personal gain as well as revenge on the abusive system. This story bears the unique honor of being told from the voice of the conniving narrator.<br /><br />The three highlighted stories are worth the price of the book, and the others won't disappoint. The seven stories in the covers of Ford County will entertain you, keep you guessing, and occasionally make you laugh. It is well worth your time at 4 ½ out of 5 reading glasses.<br /><br />--Benjamin Potter, January 7, 2010ng home worker who embeds himself into the lives of the elderly residents long enough to find personal gain as well as revenge on the abusive system. This story bears the unique honor of being told from the voice of the conniving narrator.    The three highlighted stories are worth the price of the book, and the others won't disappoint. The seven stories in the covers of Ford County will entertain you, keep you guessing, and occasionally make you laugh. It is well worth your time at 4 ½ out of 5 reading glasses.    --Benjamin Potter, January 7, 2010
B002PMV9FG|1.0|While many of the other reviews are noteworthy, I'll just bring up the two reasons I couldn't watch this DVD.    1) it was dark.  Not in the sense of \\"evil foreboding\\" but dark as in \\"you can't see what's going on because it's all so badly lit.\\"  This movie gave me a headache because I was constantly squinting and trying to make out what was happening in all of those dark shadows.  You'd think with all the money the books made they'd be able to afford more than a single flashlight to light all the sets.    2) the DRM made it impossible to watch the whole movie.  If you want to watch this on you laptop or other computer, forget it.  They got this so wrapped up with a terrible DRM that you can't watch it on a computer.  And because the people in congress care more about collecting bribes that representing the people, they actually made it a law that you can't return a DVD once it's been opened.  So if you buy this and discover you can't play it on your computer, tough, you can't return it.    So really, don't buy this.  Don't tolerate bad lighting and crippling DRM.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I rarely call anything a revelation, but Susan Boyle is for sure!!!!! I can't stop listening to it. Her version of Wild Horses alone is worth the purchase. This woman is a gift to the world; she makes me cry. Simply wonderful indeed.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loved it. I had it shipped to his sister's house in North Carolina and she got it in a great timing and it was in great condition. He loves it and the DVD's play great! He watched it within a week that he got it! Asbolutely love it!!!
B0020BUWX2|5.0|I have never wanted to, or felt compelled to, write a review before. But this book was phenomenal. I read it in nearly one day and was left just wanting more. It brought me to tears and made a happy at the same time. Not many books can do that, I am somewhat of a book snob ;].<br /><br />If I Stay is about a 17 year old girl from a colorful background. Her parents are punk rockers, I say are because although they have grown up in many aspects they still have many punk rock views. They raise their daughter in a very liberal way but still instill morals in their children. One day they decide to go on a family trip and a tragic event happens leaving the main character Mia with the choice of life or death. It really makes you think about the importance of love and family...and if life is worth it without our immediate family.<br /><br />I would recommend this book to anyone
B00127RAJY|4.0|So I just bought this dvd 2 days ago and I have been using it for both days and even though I am just beginning I can tell that it is working for me.  Now, I'm super out of shape and unfortunately as a result I am overweight as well.  I love what she does on the biggest loser which is why I decided to try out this tape.  Don't get me wrong....it is SUPER hard, but it is totally worth it.  There are no breaks at all in the tape which at first seems crazy, but when I finished my first workout I realized that not having breaks made it go by really fast.  The entire workout including the warmup/cooldown is about half an hour but I felt like only ten minutes had passed.  I reccomend this to everyone :).
B002RSDW8A|5.0|This is two real life stories mixed into one screen play chronicling how a modern women cooks her way through Julia Child's landmark french cookbook, while we see flashbacks to Julia's own life as she was learning to cook.  A very enjoyable movie.  The extras are fascinating to view to learn more about the real life people involved in both Julie and Julia's lives.
B003102JDM|5.0|Yes, it's not for everyone. A strong grasp of both Jewish tradition and quantum physics would do the potential viewer well in getting the absolute most out of the film. But, as someone who is by no means an expert in either area, this one hit me on quite a base level in its unflinching and very true-to-life depiction of a man's life coming apart at the seams and all the existential angst that ensues. The wonderful thing is, A Serious Man is not only deeply resonant and moving, but quite hilarious as well- in that dark, dark way that may be just a little too dark for some.    The Coens have always caught some flack for their supposed misanthropic elitism; or, in other words, what has been seen by some critics as a sort of contemptuous mocking of the characters they depict onscreen, the two directors never fully granting their filmic creations emotional sympathy. If it was previously easy to debunk this claim, it is now, with A Serious Man, a piece of cake. Has there been a performance in recent years more gut-wrenchingly honest and genuinely pathos-exuding than Michael Stuhlbarg here as protagonist Larry Gopnik? That the narrative thrust of the film is essentially centered around all the horrifying and humiliating events that befall Gopnik does not necessarily mean that the Coens thumb their noses down at this character. If we take into consideration the personal nature of the film (set in a time and place very much like when/where they grew up, and populated by characters probably not unlike those they knew), then it comes as no surprise that A Serious Man is the most studied and 'serious' Coen brothers film to date.    Simply in terms of sheer film-making craft, this is the Coens, and certainly cinematographer Roger Deakins, at the peak of their respective crafts. The recreation of a late 60's heavily Jewish Midwestern locale is pitch-perfect (minus a few very small anachronisms). Not a scene feels wasted, not a shot superfluous; the picture is beautifully symmetric in structure and full of little rhymes and rhythms and repetitions, plenty striking and quasi-iconic images (Stuhlbarg on the roof as pictured on the DVD and promotional poster being one of many), and lots of likely soon-to-be classic dialogue infused with both the Coens' trademark deadpan humor (a la The Big Lebowski) as well as the film's broader thematic concerns.    Then there's the ending, or perhaps as some would say, lack thereof. Not unlike the ambiguous note that No Country For Old Men went out on, the final moments of A Serious Man will probably leave many angered, many confused, and many disappointed. But I don't think there was any other way to close such a film, one largely concerned, as it is, with all the great uncertainties that plague life-- what more appropriate way to end it than with the greatest cinematic uncertainty of all? The final shot is, I think, one of the most haunting in cinema history. I've seen the film three times in the theater, each time leaving awestruck and emotionally drained as the various events of the film, its haunting score and its devastating philosophical implications swirl around my head.    A Serious Man, then, is truly a serious film, with the (black) humor only arising naturally from the utter tragic unfair-ness of life as seen through the protagonist's eyes, and not forced on the situations irreverently as in a lot of films. Given the uncompromisingly bleak nature of the film, perhaps it's best summed up by an old and rather cliché platitude (not unlike the one the film somewhat ironically opens with): When you feel like crying, laugh instead.
B0025KVLU6|4.0|First off, I must say I held off from buying this CD since it was first edited years ago since it would range between $22.00 / $30.00 in stores. Now at $12.99 w/free shipping Amazon, who can resist this deal? Thanks Amazon!    About the packaging. I like the white slipcase with engraved Beatles just like the album, however the cardboard used is a bit thin. I have the Yes \\"Topographic Oceans\\" (remastered digipack) now THAT was a quality package! I prefer the plastic casing fot he CDs over the White Album's tight fitting cardboard sleeve. The booklet is nice with all lyrics, but I need a magnifying glass to read such small print. The poster is an added plus and so is the multi-media which I haven't checked out yet.    Now for the good! The sound is excellent! I've listened to this album on 8-track tape way back when and have heard several CD reissues, but none like this! The punchy bass, the clear crisp sound. I just love it! Love it!    I have nothing to add about the music, you either love the Beatles or not, there's no point in argueing over musical tastes.    Sorry for the four stars, but the packaging really leaves much to be desired, but at $12.99 this double CD is well worth the money. I'm glad I bought it :)
B00000255F|5.0|I Love This Album.  All The Songs On Here Are Great.  The Only Song On Here I'm Not Totally Keen On Is \\"Meeting Across The River\\".  Other Than That The Rest Are Great.  I Think Everyone Should Own This Album.  I Would Give This Album More Stars If I Could.  It's That Great.
B0026P3G12|5.0|top notch. nice hearing a fresh new voice who can clearly enunciate the lyrics.
0316044695|5.0|When I read the prologue, I was in tears. The most well written four pages I've ever read and that was just the beginning! This book is a must read for every American who cares about our troops.....and a great history lesson also.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|This is great. It fits my UPPA VISTA stroller very well. It's a difficult stroller to fit with a caddy because the handle bars are at a 45 degree angle with no bend in them. Considering the price, the material is really good and insulated. You can't see it in the picture but there is a small zippered pocket in the center. The cup holders are large enough to fit a coffee cup (which will sit upright) and you can fit larger water bottles in there because they are stretchable.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|Movies arrived in great shape. Work well. Note to those buying as a gift, this set DOES include the two Dr. Quinn movies that were also produced in addition to the regular television episodes.
0385504225|4.0|Good but not great.  I just thought it got a little cheesy at parts.  Maybe I just have a hard time believing that there is a hidden agenda everywhere we look (or right in front of us).  His writing style is definitely very inviting.  I could not put this book down again.  I'm looking forward to the movie (if only it weren't Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon) because that is how Dan Brown writes, like he's writing for a movie.  I would also like to see Deception Point come to the Silver Screen.  I think that could be done very well.
B002EEP3NO|4.0|This is my son's favorite Lego set.  He loves to set up the people in the many rooms.  The pictures don't do it justice.  The attention to detail is incredible.    However, Lego needs to put more thought into the packaging of this product.  Unlike many of the other larger Lego sets, the bags are NOT numbered.  All 3800 pieces are out AT THE SAME TIME.  It took 8 hours to sort the pieces and antoher 4 days to build.  Plan ahead - it will take over your kitchen table / living room / dining room for a week if you work on it 4 hours per day.  The instruction book was quite large and cumbersome, but I was greatful for the full size pictures and arrows.    With regards to the price, you have to monitor the sales.  I purchased it from Amazon.com for $338 with free shipping about 4 weeks before Christmas ($60 less than [...]).     I would purchase again.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I absolutely LOVE THIS CD!!!  She has an amazing voice and really delivers with this.  WONDERFUL!!!  Everyone should have this CD.
B001PR0Y5S|4.0|Already a big hit (more than $ 160 million) in the US alone, \\"The Proposal\\" offers exactly what you expect from a romantic comedy starring Sandra Bullock. A (proposed) marriage of convenience turns into something different as the reluctant partners are forced to live together. You might want to know the film is helmed by Anne Fletcher known for her \\"Step up\\" and \\"27 Dresses.\\"    Margaret (Sandra Bullock) is an executive editor of a New York book publishing company - and she is not the most popular person in the company, a little tamer version of Miranda, the character Meryl Streep played in \\"The Devil Wears Prada.\\" And now she is in trouble. Learning that she is being deported to Canada (where she came from), Margaret says before her employer that in fact she and her long-suffering assistant Andrew (Ryan Reynolds) are getting married.    Andrew agrees to the fraudulent marriage on condition that he will get promoted. She accepts it, but there is still a big problem. Margaret and Andrew both have to prove that their marriage is not a fake before the immigration agent Mr. Gilbertson (Denis O'Hare). So they fly to Andrew's home in Sitka, Alaska, where Margaret is welcomed by his family - and of course, none of the family members, Andrew's mother Grace (Mary Steenburgen), father Joe (Craig T. Nelson) and Granma Annie (Betty White) knows nothing about the truth.    The premise of \\"The Proposal\\" is slightly reminiscent of such films as \\"Green Card.\\" In fact, the storyline of \\"The Proposal\\" sounds familiar to those fans who love old-fashioned Hollywood films. Someone you hate most turns out to be your perfect match. The difference is the film's sexual content (I am talking about the slapstick-like semi-nude scene of Sandra Bullock) and the \\"question-and-answer\\" scenes at the end credit, as well as some funny comedic set-pieces involving a dog and a cell phone snatched by an eagle.    While the premise is contrived and the story predictable, the chemistry between the two stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds is palpable and believable. The second half is weak (like most romantic comedies), but \\"The Proposal\\" is still an enjoyable romantic comedy thanks to the leading stars.
B001F290E4|5.0|If you like soul music, you will love this CD.  I highly recommend it.
B002P5XXR0|1.0|I went into this movie realizing that the movie itself was a bit of recycled premise (It's dances with wolves...with blue alien tribes instead of Native American tribes!!) Man studies culture, man gets captured, man falls in love with chief's daughter, man falls in love with natives, man fights against his own people. But despite that, the movie itself was fairly enjoyable.     The music, however, was the biggest joke ever. James Horner, in my opinion has had only a handfull of scores that I have enjoyed and thought were memorable (The Rocketeer is probably my fav of his) But seriously, I think James Horner hasn't made a decent score in the last 10+ years. Even more upsetting and lame was the use of his own material, almost note for note and the material of OTHERS. If Horner were a writer, he'd have all of his works removed because of plagiarism! Why he is allowed to continue is beyond. ASCAP (The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers) should take some measure against him for the musical theft he does. What's even worse is when I hear other popular themes used that are not his own. In the scene where the clans were gathering, it was Pirates of the Carrib. all the way! Even the orchestration was almost identical.     The fact is, Horner doesn't even belong in the same sentence as John Williams. Not even the same paragraph. James Horner should be a footnote in the composition world. Horner is in the class below Hans Zimmer, below Danny Elfman. The fact that Horner had a chance at taking a huge movie like Avatar (and as I've read, eventually a trilogy) and infuse it with that muck is just wasteful. Develop some new themes man. And if you are out of ideas, I've got one for you: QUIT! James Cameron would be wise to hire someone who has a clearer musical depth and someone who doesn't musically plagiarize. I don't mind that his stuff sounds like his stuff. I can hear stuff of JW that sounds similar. But he has NEVER recycled. And he has certainly never stolen. Does Williams have music that sounds like other pieces? Yes. Did he steal Prokofiev note for note, chord for chord? No. Horner needs to go into the sunset, and write commercial jingles for cat food!
0060775858|5.0|A bedtime favourite of our 2 year-old girl. It hasn't, and won't, date.  A beautiful, easy to read and talk about book that is absolutely charming.
B001TK3XO0|5.0|This book was heartbreaking but I loved it anyway. I was so engrossed in the story that my stomach was in knots at some points. It was also a great lesson in the political history of Afghanistan over that past 30 years. It's a harsh reminder that these are real people whose lives we're interfering with over in the Middle East and that today's wars are not fought on battlefields but in neighborhoods. People are dying in their literal backyards.
B000BJS4SU|5.0|John Mayer really brings the blues guitar to life on this live album. Some are clever covers and others seem too good to imagine that they're not blues staples. If you like Mayer, or electric blues, you've got to get this album. Steven Jordan is spectacular on drums and Pino Paladino unleashes a wall of bass groove for Mayer's tone-filled, and somewhat gratuitous, guitar jamming. 'Vultures' is one of my favorite tracks, now featured on Continuum as a studio version. I'm gonna listen now!
0385341008|5.0|This book was delightful! It's told through a series of letter written by different characters each with their own distinctive voice and personality. I especially loved Juliet and her sense of humor.
B002KREVE2|3.0|I know this was recorded when Leonard Cohen was new, however I wish I had purchased his later, studio CD's and not this one.
0307593525|5.0|This was a two volumn set that was packaged in one wrap around binder.  It looked extremely classy and made a great gift.  I ordered this through Amazon.com for $49.95.  I had seen it a another national bookstore for $89.95 so I was thrilled about the price I received + free shipping.
B002H3F7F6|1.0|I have never, never, never heard Sting sound so awful. This is a slow moving CD and made me depressed beyond belief.
B000ZELISO|4.0|I have been a fan of Harry Potter since the first book was released. I simply love the way JK Rowlings weaves the story through the years, adding characters & enhancing the story as she goes. The movies have done an amazing job of staying to the story line though it would be impossible to cover all of the details. This edition, is simply wonderful. I enjoy the maturing aspect of the characters and the addition of many of the historical details from the written versions. I know I am biased but that is my opinion!
0385504225|4.0|Another Robert Langdon story.  I like all the references to the symbolism found in the Washington DC area.  You'll be surprised during part of the story.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I love this album for two main reasons. 1) The music selections are really excellent for Susan's talents. She has such a powerful voice and her delivery is very engaging. I really enjoyed the selections. 2) The story of how this album came to be is one of the most inspiring I have experienced in a long time. How could I not support & enjoy the triumph of a small town girl with a world sized voice. I feel encouraged to do the same - stand up for my Dreams and pursue them! You go girl!!
B002KQ6BT6|5.0|I just loved this book. Fascinating all the way through. I did not find it predictable at all. Just go with the flow and you will enjoy it. And remember people, it's fiction. Brown is a writer of such calibre that one can easily forget that. You get so caught up you start to think this is all real. That is part of the magic. Great fun!
1416972242|5.0|What can I say about this book? I didn't read the first one. I didn't know there was a series. I was browsing, read the little synopsis and and a few pages and had to take the thing home.<br /><br />It's great.  That's all. Just a lot of fun. The other reviewers have pretty much said what needs saying about it; I just wanted to add my stars.<br /><br />Oh and these words from Meg Ryan as Kate in the film FRENCH KISS.<br /><br />\\"Oh. Beautiful. Wish you were here.\\"<br /><br />Because that's how I feel about the world Ms. Clare created.
B001KBZ6CU|5.0|My eight-year-old grandson loves Indiana Jones and this book was a real hit with him.  It is well made and was interesting to look through, even for me.  There was a picture of a big ant in it which went well with the remote control ant I bought to go with the book.
B0018PH3L0|5.0|This is another all time great Movie if you enjoy westerns.  This one is just kind of long, so wait until that Sunday evening when it's cold and wet outside and you have nothing to do.  Curl up on couch and settle in for a great evening with this movie.
0385341008|5.0|I heard this book was good, so I bought it for my mom who is an avid reader and since we went to Guernsey Island over the summer.  She has not read it yet, but I buy from Amazon quite a bit.  I am completely staisfied!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I bought this for my Daughter and Son n Law for Christmas.  They said it's awesome,very educational about the Earth.  Things enclosed in this documentary that you would probably not know if you did not watch.  Beautiful landscapes and pictures!
B002GJT4XW|5.0|There are WAY too many special features to list here, but trust me folks... anyone who wants a ton of features on the making of a movie you love... this edition has it!  The audio and video are superb, especially on blu-ray, and the fact that there are scenes integrated back into the movie that weren't IN the theatrical version is one of the things that's making me jump for joy.  If you are a fan of these movies as I am... RUN, don't walk, and get these editions!  (knocking on wood) Hoping the other films will get the same treatment.
B001676320|3.0|The quality of this DVD in Bluray is very good - both visually and in sound quality.  Not Stunning, but very good.  Bluray is an excellent medium, but only as good as the original recording.  Staging and lighting in the concert were below par by today's standards, but the fun on the stage and the sheer number of musicians counteracts the lack of dazzling lighting.<br /><br />Chicago was excellent (their wind players especially had a lot of energy and played with inspiration), but EWF had the most mojo here.  Chicago was best and most youthful when playing with EWF.<br /><br />This is a fun get together concert.  If you're a hard core EWF and/or Chicago fan, it's worth buying, otherwise, rent it.
B002QH2NUA|5.0|Wayyyyyyyyyyyy better than expected. I gave this as a Christmas gift and I wish I bought it for me!!!!! Super super great deal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00168OIOE|5.0|This is one of my favorite Pixar films and this particular version includes both the Blu-Ray and the DVD version as well as a digital copy. We watched it on our PS3 and it looked really great and if you have an ipod or other mp3 player with video capability, then you can watch it on that along with, of course, your regular DVD player. I should also mention that the picture and sound on the Blu-Ray version is really spectacular. Really a great deal.
0670021652|2.0|Elizabeth Gilbert memoirs begin in crisis.<br /><br />In Eat, Pray, Love, she's  on her bathroom floor at three in the morning, desperate to end her marriage.<br /><br />In the just-published sequel, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage, Felipe --- the Brazilian she loves too much to marry --- is detained by Homeland Security as he tries to enter the United States and, six hours of interrogation later, is jailed and deported. (In fact, not really \\"deported\\", because he had a valid visa, a business in America and no criminal past; Homeland Security just decided he was coming to America too often.)<br /><br />How can Felipe re-enter the United States? Well, if he and Liz were married... Now, if you or I were writing Committed --- heck, if almost anyone were writing it --- it would be a closely reported narrative exposing the policies of our government in a time when terrorists seem to enter our country freely and grandmothers are strip-searched. It might include a meditation on love separated and love expatriated. And, I suppose, it would explain how two people who were marriage-phobic came to love the knot.<br /><br />Committed, I am astonished to say, is not that book. Not even close. There are a few memorable vignettes, but it's mostly a skim-the-surface tour of marriage through the ages. It lacks wisdom. It's dull. There's nothing to connect the reader to Gilbert. But Viking is unleashing a Palinesque million-copy first printing, and American women are about to be buried under the hype.<br /><br />Don't say you weren't warned.
B002X20W2E|5.0|I enjoyed Rhianna's two top hits \\"Pon De Replay\\" and \\"Rehab\\" but balked at buying all of her stuff.  I thought she was too \\"pop\\" for me.<br />Then, Twitter exploded with her controversial new release \\"Russian Roulette\\".  I was stunned when I heard that song.  It shook me right to the core and nothing she'd put out gave an inkling of that kind of power.  That song spurred me to put \\"Rated R\\" on my To Be Bought list.  Amazon's five dollar offer cinched it and I snapped up the download, buying the entire album and expecting to like one or two of the songs.<br />Instead, I love almost all of them and listen to it all the time.  \\"Russian Roulette\\" is one of my favorites, depicting an abusive merry go round that those who've seen it can relate to well.  \\"Stupid In Love\\" is fantastic and heartfelt.  \\"Cold Case Of Love\\" is my all time favorite song to listen to from \\"Rated R\\".  All of the songs from \\"Rude Boy\\" to \\"Photographs\\" is disturbingly moving.<br />Certainly this is no selection of songs for someone who wants to just tap their foot and relax.  It's edgy, it's tense, it's surprising.  In my opinion, it's the best thing I've heard in a while.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|I love this CD and of course I love Machael Buble - But who doesn't
B002PMV9K6|3.0|The movie was dissapointing because it came to no conclusion.  I realize that this is a series but this movie appeared to be half a movie with the end looking much like an intermission.  It would have been nice to have some sort of conclusion drawn lke the previous.
0385341008|5.0|This book is wonderful!  It is written in letter form and as the letters progress you learn all about the Guernsey ville people as well as the woman who writes the letters.  There is a wonderful romance that grows out of the letters as well.<br />The letter writer becomes so curious about the town that eventually she goes to the town herself and all of the people she has corresponded with in the Literary Society have become her friends and she is no longer a stranger to them.  It's an amazing story and I loved it.<br /><br />Virginia Degner is the author of Without Consent, a Mystery set in the historic town of Columbia California. The book is due to be released this fall and will be available on Amazon.com<br />[...]
B0019LY5IM|5.0|My daughter and son-in-law were thrilled to receive LOST 5 from me as one of their xmas presents.
B0000C3I6U|5.0|\\"Pumping Iron\\" is an outstanding documentary on the small world - at least in the 70's - of bodybuilding. It is prescient in focusing its attention on two future movie stars: Arnold Schwarzenegger and Louis Ferrigno, who where both at their twenties and at that time known mostly by readers of fitness magazines (but ignored by the general public).<br />Arnold was then the king of bodybuilding competitions. He had already won 5 times the most important one - Mr. Olympia. Ferrigno was striving to challenge his hegemony. The film directors were very happy in showing the sharp contrast between the realities of these two giants.<br />Arnold trained in Gold's Gym, a fief of bodybuilders in a sunny California. There he trained seriously, but also laughed at and with his friends.<br />Ferrigno trained in the Brooklyn. His only mate, who happened also to be his trainer, was his father. His gym was dark, grim, small, with some out-of-shape costumers freightened by that huge guy and his merciless set of exercises.<br />Arnold says in the movie that to him training is like an orgasm. The feeling of the \\"pump\\" in his muscles provides the same sensation is sleeping with a woman. As he spends most of his time training, he dares to explain that he lives an almost perfect life. This reality seems to be very far away from that of Ferrigno. For the viewer, this Italian descendent only wants to beat Arnold and become the new Mr. Olympia, but it seems that he doesn't take any special pleasure from his harsh daily activities.<br />These two hugely different life conceptions would clash in 1975 Mr. Olympia contest, in South Africa, as shown in the documentary.<br />Don't miss the extra features, specially the making of, called \\"Raw Iron\\". It shows the difficulties faced by the producers to finance the film. Surprisingly, one of the ways they found to get enough money was promoting an exhibition of bodybuilders in the Whitney Museum, a renowned New York institution. The bodies of those athletes were displayed there as sculptures. That's exactly what the extremely charismatic Schwarzenegger states in the beggining of the documentary: the human body is like a sculpture, and the bodybuilders carve it according to their sense of harmony and beauty. The challenge of doing this with our own body cannot be underestimated.<br />Highly reccomended for all, not only for those who love to get some \\"pump\\" in the gym.re as sculptures. That's exactly what the extremely charismatic Schwarzenegger states in the beggining of the documentary: the human body is like a sculpture, and the bodybuilders carve it according to their sense of harmony and beauty. The challenge of doing this with our own body cannot be underestimated.  Highly reccomended for all, not only for those who love to get some \\"pump\\" in the gym.
0425200450|5.0|This is my favorite mystery book (and it was well made into my favorite mystery movie in the 1970's).  It's a masterpiece.  Unfortunately I can't fully explain why without giving away the ending--which I won't do.  Very original, very powerful emotionally, with a very satisfying ending.  It's the classic British drawing room murder mystery, and in spite of the fact that there's no \\"action\\" it's never dull.  Think you're good at guessing who done it in \\"who dunnits?\\"  I guarantee you'll never guess the murderer in this one.  I never tire of reading it.    And get ahold of the movie version too; even Agathie Christie herself gave it thumbs up.
0061684384|5.0|I have always been fascinated by tattoos, and love to look at them as beautiful examples of art. I watched Kat Von D, first on Miami Ink, and then on LA Ink, her own show.  She is very beautiful and talented. I saw this book, and had to have it. It is only makes me a bigger fan. It is a delightfully written autobiography. The photos are awesome, and show every detail of the tattoos. If you are even thinking of getting this book, \\"BUY IT\\", it won't disappoint.
B000PAAJYW|4.0|PTA's camera work and editing are very distinctive--he does this Scorsesian thing where, when he cuts to a new character or scene the camera rushes to get there, much like he did in Boogie Nights.  The pace in TWBB, to its credit, is more stately--the director's presence is less obvious.  He also structures his films very well; this one moves between a dozen or so characters whose climaxes all come about the same time.  There was too much melodrama in this movie for me, however.  PTA kind of buys into this bogus pseudo-Freudian idea that we're all harboring our childhood demons and they can be exorcised with a teary, screaming confrontation with estranged relatives.  Hokey.  The character of Claudia is the worst.  Is she based on Fiona Apple or something?  She's too loud and crazy.  The cop feels lucky to have her, but why?  Her only redeeming quality, it would seem, is her looks.  Tom Cruise is really great in this, but he's done this so many times:  the sleek ultra-confident guy whose facade breaks down.  The interrelated cast is similar to Boogie Nights except that Boogie Nights had a clear lead (Wahlberg) and the characters had a common backdrop (porn).  Those are lacking here and I don't think it's to Magnolia's credit.    I don't know, the ballsier elements of this are difficult to judge, like having all the characters sing the Aimee Mann song (or whoever it was) and the raining frogs.  On the one hand it's unmitigated pretension.  On the other it shows confidence and a willingness to embarrass yourself for the sake of good art.    I guess I see it as a necessary step towards TWBB.  Just part of PTA finding his own voice.  But in no way his zenith.  I'm really excited about his new Scientology movie.  Wonder if Mr. Cruise might do a cameo.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|Didn't seem to stick as closely to the book as the others, but then a good amount of time has passed since I read the book
B0001HLVSC|5.0|Very realistic and accurate story of the British Navy during the Napoleanic Wars. Actually filmed on a real replica of a British Frigate, the HMS Rose was acquired for the movie and refit in Ensenada Mexico. Re-named the HMS Surprise, she still sails San Diego Bay. Russell Crowe created a vivid and accurate portrayal of the ship's captain. Don't miss it !
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I don't have much to add to the many excellent reviews of this film other than this:  I am now 58 yrs old; when I was 14, back in 1966, I went wild over the debut of Star Trek on primetime TV.  After the first episode I hastily took the brand new velour shirt I owned and created a Star Fleet uniform, of sorts, with a lttle artwork, cardboard, scissors,Elmer's Glue, and a saftey pin--voila, the newest Star Fleet officer in the neighborhood!  When I saw this movie I was ready to get my old uniform out of mothballs--alas, it would never fit again even I still had it.  First generation Trekkies, you can put your uniforms back on and feel like teenagers again!  The Captain is indeed back on the bridge after 40 years!
0736063684|5.0|If you want to know what each exercise does to each individual part of your body this is the book for you.  It would even be helpful for pre-med or nursing students.  Very detailed and concise.  It includes awesome pictures.
B000UG78NG|3.0|Haven't read fantasy in a while but really enjoyed lord of the rings and several other series -- went on the internet looking for recommendations and found this.  I thought the first 1/2 of the book was much more interesting than the second half as it mainly dealt with world building and development of the main character, but the second half is dominated by a romantic relationship with \\"Denna\\" which 1) was very very slow going 2) somehow not very realistic -- although I developed interest and sympathy for the main character, I could not develop such sympathy with \\"Denna\\".  So, while I read the first 400 pages of the book in one night because it was so engrossing, the next 300 pages took over a week to slog through.  In the end, given the great reviews, the book was disappointing, hence the \\"It's OK\\".  To give you a sense of my scale -- I would give Dune a \\"5\\" (similar in some ways to \\"Name of the Wind\\" in that it describes development of a main character and \\"builds a universe\\") but would give most of the Dune sequels a \\"3\\".
B00005IBB3|1.0|Didn't realize when I purchased this product that there were different regions for dvds.  I asked the seller what the refund process was and how much the cost difference would be to get a region 1 dvd but did not get a response on that question.  Not very happy with purchase.  Will not purchase from this seller ever again unless I can get this remedied.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I am very inpressed with Susan's rag's to riches story.Her voice is just something god given this cd is very relaxing and just wonderful to listen too. Her choice of songs was very interesting a little different but it all works. I think the lord brings things in your life when the time is wright This cd is for sure her time! I hope she comes out with just as much feeling in her next cd because I'm looking forward to it already.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|It is our responsibility as a consumer to understand and change our food system.  This is a helpful tool to us all.  A must watch.
B000024E9M|5.0|This is a ground breaking album in alternative rock.  In my humble opinion one of, if not the very best album Genesis ever recorded.  Unique vocals and melody make this a must listen to for those interested in the early years of Genesis.
0140367586|5.0|This book picks up where the first Pollyanna left off. She returns home her legs are healed, but her Aunt and new Uncle are going Europe. They decide that Pollyanna should stay with a woman in Boston who is in need of a dose of pollyannas glad game. Europe was nice for Aunt Polly and her new husband , when they go back they take Pollyanna... Six years pass, the Doc dies. Pollyannas Aunt falls into a deep depression, and she looses all her money. With all these bad things happening its hard for even Pollyanna to keep up the glad game.
0743455967|4.0|I am not in general a Stephen King fan.  I've enjoyed a couple of movies based on his books, but I'm not a horror fan and have not read his books.  However, I know many people who love King's books and tell me how well-written they are.  Having just written the first draft of a novel of my own in November, I was curious to see what advice this highly-regarded author could offer.  I wasn't disappointed.<br /><br />The first third of the book tells the story of the author's life, up to about the point where he began to make a living with his writing.  While this part of the story doesn't deliver much in the way of \\"how to\\" writing help, it does enable you to understand where King is coming from and that he wasn't an overnight success.  He had to work at his craft for a long time and endure a lot of disappointment before the first big checks came his way.  This would help any beginning writer realize the road ahead is a long one and give them incentive not to give up.<br /><br />The last two thirds of the book are actual writing advice.  Most of the advice is backed up by examples from King's books and short stories, or with text by other authors.  Some advice is more personal in nature, with King sharing the way he personally does things - noting that you may or may not find his method to be right for you.  And some advice is in the form of \\"people often ask me...\\" followed by his answers to these common questions.<br /><br />The book is easy to read, entertaining throughout, and very funny in places.  It feels a lot like you're sitting down with King over a cup of coffee in his living room.<br /><br />If you're thinking about (or already) writing a novel, his advice will give you some good points to consider.  If you're a fan of Stephen King, the book would give you some insight into the author himself and how he came up with the ideas behind some of his more popular books.  That alone may be worth the cover price for some fans.<br /><br />I found the writing advice in the book useful enough that I plan to go back and take notes from it that I can use to improve my own writing in the future.to go back and take notes from it that I can use to improve my own writing in the future.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|Had it on VHS but started to get screwed up and wanted to get it on DVD. Its a grest movie and a great holiday movie to watch by yourself or with family and friends.
B000002G87|5.0|While everyone seems to know and love the song \\"Layla,\\" it seems that few are familiar with the rest of the album on which it was featured. This album is a collection of amazingly good songs! It was probably a good thing that the group broke up shortly after this album was recorded, since they probably wouldn't have topped it, particularly in the absence of Duane Allman, who died only about a year or so later. Some things are just not meant to be followed...    Every song is a winner on this CD. It's not all straight blues or Cream-type jamming, which was all that Clapton was known for before this project. Rather, a lot of the songs are short, concise and catchy, more like the Beatles. No shortage of guitar solos, however, what with the prowess of Eric Clapton and Duane Allman joining forces!    The only complaint I have, and I might get flamed for this, is the sound. Tom Dowd was a legend, no question, and he engineered and produced plenty of great music in his illustrious career. However, looking back, I think this record could have sounded better. One problem I have is the guitar sound--kind of buzzy and thin, like when you plug in direct to a tape machine, bypassing a miked amp. Every hardcore fan of Eric and Duane knows the story behind both these guys walking in with little Fender Champ amplifiers and sitting down beside them with the amps on a little table. Kind of amusing, but well, you can tell they're Fender Champs, all right. Puny sound! Hello, what happened to the idea of Marshall amps that Clapton himself started the craze for in 1965? I think Tom Dowd should have told those guys \\"OK, enough fooling around you two, now go get your Marshalls!\\" At that time, Hendrix and Led Zeppelin were laying down some tracks that sounded pretty amazing, especially Led Zeppelin I, so the drastic improvement in sound engineering between the 60's and 70's was already taking shape. A lot of the sound on this album is dry with not much reverb, giving it a \\"homemade\\" sound.And the thing that bugs me the most is the second before the second chorus of the title track. It seems that Dowd re-recorded the second chorus by \\"punching in\\" the vocals just a little too late, as I can hear the very beginning of the original \\"LAAYYY...\\" and then all of a sudden, a lot louder \\"LAAAAAAAAAAYYYY...\\", so the beginning of the \\"overwrite\\" track did not completely wipe out the original vocal track.    But OK, that's all nit-picking. I still love this album and consider one of the greatest and most underrated albums of the late 1960's. Clapton's solo material in the '70's rarely came close to the greatness of these songs. I'm sure his legendary burning desire for Patti Harrison fueled his passionate performances!    For hardcore fans of this album, I further recommend the deluxe box set that features plenty of guitar-heavy outtakes! ESSENTIAL!
0307269981|4.0|This was a great read! I really enjoyed this second book as well as the first.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Santa Claus brought Settlers of Catan for Christmas because we heard it was a fun game.  My kids have thoroughly enjoyed it.  It is a fun game with learning tied in.  The game keeps you involved thoroughly while playing it.  We have enjoyed adding this to our game collection.
0307454541|4.0|What a great read! I wasn't sure how good the book would be from reading some of the reviews but I was very impressed.
1591841992|5.0|Dan Roam does a great job of teaching the reader the technology and components of visual communication. A fun and skill-building read that can be used as a reference guide until you master the skills and techniques. Highly recommended!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Got this CD for my Mom for Christmas. We turned it on Christmas Eve and it was incredible!
B001FB55I0|5.0|I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he has already watched it 4 times. Looks great on his new bluray player. He said it's even better than watching it in the theater.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|How can a movie with a grumpy old man and an egg shaped boy scout be anything but mediocre? The boring beginning about the good old days. And even the idea of flying house doesn't hit the emotion, rather hit the strategy of the plot. But then the innocence of the boy scout which brings out the heart in the grandpa, the fun thing about the movie. Then there are talking dogs. The movie carefully avoids the talking animal. Even children knows animals don't talk these days. So we have dogs with electronic collar to do the talking.  Small hip ideas like these are all over the movie as treats.   The movie has a conclusion. Tying the ending with the beginning by bringing grumpy's childhood hero the Adventurer into the story. The Adventurer is obsessed to hunt done an exotic bird, which the boy scout has. Then the old grumpy and the Adventure end in blows and guess who wins.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|This is an excellent show. There are so many things about this show that one would love. It has action, mystery, love, terror, suspense, and adventure. Fist I didn't like the show on TV, but I kept watching it and now I'm hooked. I had to buy the series as soon as it came out on DVD. I now cant stop watching the show. Its somewhat different from the book, but thats what makes it an excellent show. Once you start watching it you cant stop.
B002QW7ALM|2.0|There are numerous films that did poor box office but deserved to be seen.  This isn't one of them.  I guess the number of positive reviews reflect movie goers' need for mindless action rather than well-developed characters or logical plots.  The set and mood of the piece are spot-on -- dismal and claustrophobic -- but other than a handful of people running from monsters not much happens.  Too bad more attention wasn't given to the script.  This could have been a thought-provoking and insightful cautionary tale.
B001ADPMQS|3.0|While this is far from the best holiday movie, and definitely not Dudley Moore's best performance, it's still an entertaining family movie.  If you like John Lithgow (Dexter, 3rd Rock, etc.) you'll love this movie.  He does a great job at being the villain.  It's campy but fun!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am in the best shape of my life... and it's all thanks to this DVD! You can't beat working out only 20 minutes a day and getting the AMAZING results this DVD will give you. For all those who don't know Jillian from The Biggest Loser, she's tough but she does get results and keeps you motivated at the same time. I have been working out for years, swimming 4-5 miles a week and might lose a lb here or there... but this DVD really helps you build lean muscle and burn fat FAST! It really works but you have to put in the effort. If you do it everyday, I'm sure you will even see results by week 2... which was super motivating for me. All my friends and family have noticed the amazing changes and how quickly it all happened... even my mom and sister have started it too! I have told everyone I know about this DVD and so many of my friend's are jumping on the Jillian Michael's 30 Day Shred bandwagon and getting the same great results. It's for sure the best $[...] bucks I've spent in a long time!
B00006CXSS|5.0|Very high quality DVD transfer of an already high quality production.  One of the best DVD transfers I've seen.  Story, acting, and characters are all first rate.
B000V1Y43W|5.0|The picture quality is absolutely amazing on this blu ray!  We had thought the normal DVD of \\"Cars\\" was good quality, but compared to this, it was nothing!  We love it!  You almost forget it's a cartoon the picture is so amazing!
B00000DHR0|5.0|What a voice.  Love this CD.  I love her mix of song choices.
B001FB55HQ|5.0|This is a terrific movie for a loyal follower of the Terminator Series. Christian Bale does a fantastic job in his role as John Conner. Intense, gripping and hold onto your seat action. Excellent sequel. I do hope he does a second movie as the same character.    One of best things was the delivery of this movie to my home. Ordered it on Friday morning and was watching it the next day! Cudos Amazon!!!
B00003CX7L|5.0|The video was in great shape and my grandson is very happy to play it over and over and over. Wait time for delivery as expected.
B0019LY5IM|5.0|I am a fan of the TV show LOST so buying season 5 was a must to go along with seasons 1 thru 4.  I was pleasantly surprised that Amazon was able to deliver this DVD to me on December 8th, the same day it was released!
1582701709|5.0|The book was as advertised. The book was in extreamly good condition. Like new. Prompt shipping. Really happy with the book. Will come back here for more book deals.
B0030CIAQQ|3.0|Are they anywhere on this soundtrack?  Those are the ones I wanted to buy!
1439130833|3.0|Prompt shipping. I really wanted the Secrets Book. The product description did not highlight or emphasize that this was the calendar style table top version. Returning this mistake did not make any economic sense, so I went out and ordered a copy of the book. This time being a little careful that it was the book I was ordering.
B0024F08RO|5.0|Bought this for my daughter for Christmas to complete her set....and she loves it.  But who wouldn't love Wentworth Miller?? Had absolutely no problems getting it in time, plus Amazon's on-line shopping and prices sure beat store prices and in-store hassles.
B000O5B4C4|5.0|totally an extraordinary movie its got GREAT sex scenes, but the woman in the movie is one of the CREEPIEST people i have ever seen on screen and as the mystery unfolds everyone thinks she is responsible for the killings until a few pieces of evidence turn up.........and the movie takes off and her lesbian lover wants to kill the cop investigating as she becomes taken by him.......its a GREAT all round action suspense movie although an ice pick and axe murder kind of keep this character from being overly appealing.......    bottom line is that she writes a horror romance and the investigating cops ex turns out to be the one who is obsessed on this woman and acts this out.....great story    i give it a PERFECT rating i love it
B001CD6FKI|4.0|I wasn't impressed with the trailer of this movie, so I didn't see it at the theater.  After reading some positive reviews I decided to buy the DVD and I found it very enjoyable.  It definitely took me back to my younger years when I used to love watching the cartoon.  I would definitely recommend it to the true Speed Racer fans!
1401323820|5.0|If you like the tv show Castle, you'll like this book. It's an extension of the tv series rather then a stand alone novel. If you haven't seen Castle, I wouldn't recommend buying this book. It's really funny because the about the author bio and acknowledgments is all about the Richard Castle tv character, as if he really did write the book. It's a clever addition by ABC to expand the show's level of reality and content. The book isn't too long, just short of 200 pages, so if you're not a regular novel reader, it isn't overwhelming, although I'm sure there are plenty of people who wish it was longer. Maybe round 2 will be. The best part is the dynamic of knowing that all the characters in the book are based on characters in the tv show and that the book portrays them as Castle sees them/how he tweaks them to make a good story.
B000003TA4|4.0|My 14 year old son is a Nirvana Fan. He likes the cd. Brings back memories for me. Thanks.
B000ZECQ08|5.0|My daughter just cannot get enough of Harry Potter, she goes to sleep at night listening to the DVD's.
B0015AARJI|5.0|My grandson got a PS3 for Christmas, and wanted an extra controller for when a friend comes over..He didn't want a knockoff he said.  He was very pleased to get it..
B000EGFVQS|3.0|This is a sad but riveting book. Read it and experience the frustration of knowing what to do with whom, but unable to do it. The characters in this book take out their misery in different and sometimes miserable ways. But...who knows how one would handle tragedy until one experiences it. There are far more terrible monsters in this would than depicted in the movies, and we meet one in this book.    Virgil Howarth
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|I love this series. The banter between the 2 main characters is amazing. You can see the chemistry between them. Also the banter between Castle and his mother is so realistic. I hope this series lasts a long time.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|They shipped my dvd super fast,came in a cute package.  The dvd was new as promised, with disney rewards inside..  Great transaction period!  Will look for them next dvd I want,
B001YV504U|5.0|Anyone expecting perfection from a film this old is nuts !! The blu ray is mostly excellent on my set(sony XBR). Classic, classic movie
B001AEF6BI|5.0|All time classic 80's film!  This is actually my favorite movie of all times!  It is a welcome addition to my video library.  There hasn't been anything to compare to the 80's \\"brat pack\\" since then.  This movie showed exactly how it was being a teenager in the 80's was like.  The movie encompasses the stereotypes of the jock, prep, nerd, psycho, and druggie and their interactions with each other, which was exactly how it was broke down in every high school in the country in those days. If you don't have it, I strongly suggest you get it.
B001GCUNW6|5.0|This movie was great, just like part 1 and 2. Lots of laughs with this one. Great picture and sound.
B002LK3DUQ|5.0|This is a classic movie, like Cinderella or Snow White that both young and old can relate to.  I enjoyed it in the movies and now shared it with my friends as a gift.  Something you won't be sad you invested in.
B001E2JNA6|5.0|This has been my favorite movie ever since the first time I saw it back in '96. I just received the Blu-ray version yesterday and I have to say...BEAUTIFUL! I compared the picture quality of the DVD and Blu-ray side by side and I am abundantly pleased with the Blu-ray. The colors just pop and if it's possible, I actually love this movie even more now that it's not all washed out in beige! If the paleness of the movie has ever been an issue, you will not be disappointed with the Blu-ray and for $20 it's worth every penny!
B002OHDRF2|5.0|To the action lover this movie will be greatly appreciated. I think that even those who are not so much impressed with action films will like this one.
0694481912|5.0|Very satisfied with the book.  It arrived within days and it was in excellent condition.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|If you loved The Princess Bride..you will love this one too! This is a great movie for ANYONE to cherish! Fun, thoughtful and well written and directed. Would highly recommend. Great gift movie too!
B001H5X7I4|1.0|Fiance wanted this movie badly.  Worst purchase I have made.  Could not watch it.  Language is just horrible.
B00004RD54|4.0|The first few minutes of this fine album will give you the chills.  Beautiful (no: thrilling!) modal harmonies by the two guitars throughout.  Quite a contrast to the atonal (un-tonal?) vocals that dominate otherwise, but it works.    Lots of meat here, with an unusually satisfying edge.
B001R7IHA0|5.0|Ordered the Keith Urban CD Defying Gravity.  This is a great CD.  Every song is a winner especially Thank You!
0882709194|5.0|When I read The Origin of the Species as an adolescent and again as an adult - I discovered the concept of speciaton, the idea that one species evolved through mutation into a different species. As I furthered my studies into genes the conceptualizatons that speciation is based upon, I  began to relize that the theory of evolution is coming undone. Through qualititive and quantitaive data that has been gathered over the last 150 years since the publication of the Origin of the Species, we have found that there is no data to support Mr. Darwin's statements that in any way   substantitate his theory. We simply have not found the relationships he proposes in any of the sciences to uphold the the theory of speciation.  They simply don't exist, thus it makes complete logical sense to state that the theory of evolution is a null theory.  There is a better and more logical answer - and within the Introduction of the 150th Anniversary of the Origin of the Species is a probable, and most likely answer to the question - How did I come into existence?
B002R68U7K|5.0|C 'est a great Box, ideal for the fans and to have the Integrale retrospective of Brit!!!
B000VYX8PE|5.0|I've read my share of amazing books,and without a doubt, this is one of the best.  Well, this entire series at that. I highly recommend these books to anyone in middle school to eighty-seven. A very interesting series.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The Susan Boyle story is such an inspiration for anyone who has a  dream.  She has a magnificent voice and I just love her album and her life story.
0316044938|5.0|Without a doubt Susie Samon's story is compelling -- the first pages of the book are intense and disturbing -- but the subtle underlayer of the book is the family left behind. All the family -- father, mother, sister, brother, grandmother -- are rich characters in themselves.  As a reader, I craved to understand their experiences and emotions.  Alice Sebold does a wonderful job of bringing them all to life.  Buckley, in particular, will break your heart.  You'll want to reach through the pages to comfort the little boy who grows in an adolescent, his life so thrown off course by the events he had no control over. Wonderful portrait of a loving, protective, and grieving father, too.
B000VS6QTK|5.0|To me, it's one of the very best rock concerts ever filmed, those guys did an excellent job. If you love rock, you'll love this concert. Don't hesitate to buy it, specially if you have blu-ray.
B001C08RHA|2.0|I never jumped on the Ironman bandwagon because I wasn't blown away by the trailers and I'm skeptical of superhero movies. But over time after reviews by critics and moviegoers I actually watched this movie last night.     I have to say I was extremely disappointed. The opening scene where Tony Stark riding in a hummer with GI's through Afghanistan was laughable in my eyes. First off it opens up with some guitar music...and I immediately thought \\"oh great... ok it's that kind of movie!\\" but i stuck with it. People say RDJ character is witty? Seriously? I thought his wittiness was amateur, expected, uncreative and cliche from a half ass writer and a director who should go back to doing cameos in Vince Vaughn and Jeremy Piven movies.     Then there's the scene where a hot journalist interviews Tony Stark before jumping into a limo. He gives some arrogant cliche line about maybe stop making weapons and making baby cribs and bottles. then all of the sudden they're naked rolling around in bed. Seriously, wtf? His helper (don't recall catching his name) in the cave in Afghanistan was also laughable. His presence only provided the watcher a gimmick into the idea that Tony Stark is softer then he appears without actually developing Tony Stark character. I laughed out loud when his helper was found dying at the opening of the cave. He whispers and mumbles things in his dying breath to Stark that Stark will take with him forever...but the watcher will never remember that guy who made Stark change because as i said...it's just a gimmick to cover up for bad character creation and writing.    The relationship between Stark and Pepper Potts was predictable before they even spoke, and seemed to use every cliche in the book.    Ironicly the best acting in my opinion in this overrated Fantastic Four in a Ironman suite of a movie was Jeff Bridges. I honestly thought the best part of the movie was when RDJ and Bridges spoke in front of the giant ARC reactor discussing Stark's decisionto go away from making weapons. Bridges in that moment seemed like he could be inserted into any scene in Mad Men.    One of the best tips I've read from writers like Harlan Ellison is that you have to leave cliffhangers, keep the audience or reader guessing to which direction a story will go. That leaves them immersed and feeling like they are apart of it. At no point in this movie did I ever think to myself \\"damn, i wonder what that's about\\", ever feeling I was unsure on what side of the fence a character stood, or feeling slightly sympathetic to a villain like I did with the Joker in The Dark Knight. I felt I knew exactly what was going to happen throughout the entire movie.
B00003CXTG|5.0|On a sleepy Sunday morning in December as children played and families prayed, squadrons of Japanese war planes screamed across the skies of a Hawaiian paradise and launched a surprise attack on the U.S. armed forces at Pearl Harbor--the infamous day that jolted America from peaceful isolationism to total war and altered the course of world history. The story focuses on the life changing events surrounding December 7, 1941 and the war's devastating impact on two daring young pilots--one from the U.S. Army Air Corps, the other from the British Royal Air Force--and a beautiful dedicated nurse, with whom both of them fall in love. It is a tale of catastrophic defeat, heroic victory, personal courage and overwhelming love set against a backdrop of wartime action. This movie is a blockbuster entertainment that has passion, valor and tremendous action.
0545157617|5.0|Our family have been fans of Julia Donaldson and Axel Schefler since first being given a copy of the Gruffalo 7 or 8 years ago.  We have most of their books and love the bright and expressive drawings and the fun rhyming and lyrical text.    If you are a fan you may notice that Stickman first appears in the Gruffalo's child as the toy that the Gruffalo's child carries with her through her adventures with the terrible mouse.  And whats more, careful eyes will find the Gruffalo hiding in one of the illustrations in Stickman...    Although we love all of the Donaldson/Schefler books (and you can't really think of one without the other) this is among our favorites.  The great story of Stickman being mistaken for a stick by dogs, swans and children who all want him for something else is accessible and touching.  There is a scary bit in which Stickman finds himself laid onto the logs in a fireplace, but all works out in the end.    If you are new to these books I highly recommend the Gruffalo, A Squash and A Squeeze, and Stickman as the most out-standing of a great series of books.
B0001FR3IG|4.0|A brilliant and respected criminal psychologist, Dr. Miranda Grey is an expert at knowing what is rational. What is logical. What is sane. Under the direction of her husband, the chief administrator of the psychiatric ward at the Woodward Penitentiary for Women, Miranda treats dangerously disturbed patients like Chloe, an intensely charismatic murderess whose confessions of satanic torture are dismissed by the judicious doctor as the psychotic meanderings of a paranoid mind. This movie is an intense thrill ride, overall a great movie.
B002DMJLTE|4.0|Hello, Great Movie ordered through amazon. had movie in no time at all. Three Days. Thankyou. jamestedg2@aol.com
B000YABYLA|4.0|Juno is a whip-smart teen confronting an unplanned pregnancy by her classmate Bleeker. With the help of her hot best friend Leah, Juno finds her unborn child a \\"perfect\\" set of parents: an affluent suburban couple, Mark and Vanessa, longing to adopt. Luckily, Juno has the total support of her parents as she faces some tough decisions, flirts with adulthood and ultimately figures out where she belongs. This is a delightful and good-hearted movie. Full of life and splendidly written.
B002N1AERI|5.0|Epica has always had as much symphony as metal in their songs, and they have always had that epic, layered approach to their songs, with both intensity and softness intermingled, which is what I love about them.  Their songwriting skills I'd put up there with the likes of even Nightwish, though their style is a bit different.  Every album they've made has had at least a few or more truly epic and memorable songs with endless replayability.  The one element I thought was lacking in Epica was more guitar solos, however.    But now!  There they are!  Wonderful guitar solos!  This album also features Epica's songwriting at it's best.  One might be concerned that with more guitar solos the symphony might take a back seat, but this is certainly not the case.  All songs are very interesting and very layered.  Not a single song that is subpar at any point.    This is Epica's best work yet.  And that is saying a lot.  Definitely one of my favorite top three bands of all time, and I've been around a while.
6304779607|5.0|A street-tough detective's no-nonsense approach to law enforcement is tested to the utmost when he single-handedly tackles a marauding band of psycho-bikers who strike randomly. There is only one thing I have to say about this movie. Crime is the disease and Cobra is the cure. Very entertaining movie.
B000GFLE1S|5.0|Great movie, gave this as a gift and both the receiver and I really enjoyed the movie. The movie was easy to watch, enjoyable and emotional.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|A young boy lies awake in his room one snowy Christmas Eve, excited and alert. Breathing silently. Hardly moving. Waiting.He's listening for a sound he's afraid that he might never hear--the ringing bells of Santa's sleigh. The time is five minutes to midnight. Suddenly, the boy is startled by a thunderous roar. Clearing the mist from his window he sees the most amazing sight--a gleaming black train rumbles to a stop right in front of his house, the steam from its powerful engine hissing through the night sky and the softly falling snowflakes. The boy rushes outside, clad only in his pajamas and slippers, and is met by the train's conductor who seems to be waiting just for him. This movie is magical in a way that will enchant kids and give adults a twinge of nostalgia.
078513915X|5.0|I absolutely love this book!  As a dedicated reader of all things Austen, I purchased this book as part of my collection.  Not sure what to expect, I waited...and was thrilled what I saw!  This is beautifully illustrated and the writing...ah, I can't say enough.  Thank you for the offering, I've even purchased on for a friend that also shares my love for Austen and reading.
B002L6I9Z4|5.0|Our 4 going on 5 yr old specifically requested a \\"real\\" camera that could take \\"real\\" pictures for Christmas. After doing some research on Amazon, this one fit the bill. Internal battery charges via USB cable so not spending a fortune on batteries. Don't know about durability but she's careful with her stuff most of the time and it looks reasonably sturdy tho I wd not recommend throwing it across the room. A bit smaller than we would have liked but we figured if she could handle our small cybershot she could handle this.     And she does!     Pix have a decent quality (all are sized between 350 and 500 KB) and the memory holds over 80 pix. Flash is okay and if the light is good you don't need it (in fact, best to turn it off completely as everything tends to get over exposed). Simple to use so we can concentrate on things like composition and we enjoy seeing what the world looks like from her perspective!
B0016PM722|5.0|I got this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it. It's deffinetly a collectors item and not really a toy though it was fun to play with for a minute and I'm not even really a huge star wars fan. My boyfriend instantly opened it and started to talk about how he could mount it on the wall. Deffinetly well worth the money and was delivered promptly.
B001LF2WCC|5.0|This Blu Ray truly is a \\"Complete Experience\\". I am in Australia and bought the local B version. I normally get most of my Blu Ray from the UK but they dont seem to have this one. So letting UK and Europe know there is one from Australia and not only USA region A. This edition is something truly to behold with its inbuilt booklet and extras. Dont bother with the basic version if you can get this one. With Blu Ray, sometimes its a bit grainy but I think this has more to do with the style and effect the producers wish to put out.<br /><br />PS. Australian copy does not have an extra digital copy nor the comic by writer.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I was able to reserve in advance a copy of the new Susan Boyle album.   I saved a little on the price, but I recieved mine on the first day of release.  good price, fast delivery, and we are very happy with the album.  In fact, we have played it non-stop in my wife's car since purchase.  Susan will be the next Celine Dion.
B001CC7PPI|5.0|This dvd is a stunningly remastered version of a classic movie.  I bought this for my husband, since it is his favorite movie of all time.  An incredible thriller that is supremely acted.  The amazing craft of Alfred Hitchcock at his best.  I would recommend everyone having this movie in their home library.
B00004RF83|4.0|It was pure fiction in 1963. Imagine, a hard-line general(Burt Lancaster)trying to overthrow the constitutional government of the United States. Almost science fiction, as a matter of fact. But after so many political and military crises, in American soil and abroad, dictatorship sprouting all over the world, \\"Seven Days in May\\" is as new today as ever. Even with the good guys (Kirk Douglas, Fredric March)fighting it à la Hollywood.
B001JJBO74|5.0|This is, in my opinion, the absolutely best perfume guide. Luca Turin and Tania Sanchez review perfumes in a manner unlike any other. Their descriptions make use of all the senses to describe what is would otherwide be solely a very personal olfactory experience. They confirm what I have always suspected: that some very popular perfumes are overrated and that the \\"nose\\" should be educated much as the palate for tasting fine wines. Makes for quite enjoyable reading.
B0026P3G12|2.0|I was so disappointed!  I probably won't listen to it again. A waste of money.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I ordered three CDs, which came within days, in great shape.  I was very pleased with the service of this product.
0670021652|4.0|Like so many others, I was curious to know what happened to Elizabeth and her Brazilian lover Felipe after Eat, Pray, Love ended.  As the book opens they are still happily together, but with no intention of marrying.  It becomes clear however that they will not be able to live together in the US unless they are married.  (Or as Elizabeth puts it, they are \\"sentenced to marry by the Homeland Security Department\\").<br /><br />This book is about how they spend most of the next year traveling in Asia waiting for Felipe's visa to process and for much of this time that Elizabeth researches the concept of marriage.  So the book is part love story, part travelogue and part history.  Or again as Elizabeth puts it, a memoir (with extra socio-historical bonus sections!) about her efforts to make peace with the institution of marriage.<br /><br />The results are patchy.  The historical/sociological parts are well written and interesting enough, but after a while it feels too much like a lecture.  (Especially when Elizabeth puts her case for same sex marriages.  I have no issue with her views, but neither am I very interested in them).  It's when she's describing her own experiences that Gilbert's writing really shines.  There are wonderful accounts of encounters with the local people in Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam and I was also totally absorbed in her relationship with Felipe which she describes in a very honest and moving way.  While she still has the same chatty and open writing style (which is very easy to read), she comes across as more mature and less self-absorbed this time around.<br /><br />I'm not sure this book will stay with me in the way that Eat, Pray, Love did, but it was a satisfying read that did also make me think more about my own views on marriage.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|The Hyper 212 is excellent value. My i7 920 dropped 10-15 deg Celsius from the stock Intel cooler even though its now overclocked by ~400 MHz. The only con is its very big so make sure you check the measurements.
B001AQMBJQ|5.0|I am so glad I have not given up on this show, and there was a point in Season 3 early on, when I (like many) thought about abandoning it.  But then Season 4 restored my faith, and season 5 was brilliant.  I have complete faith in JJ/Carlton/Damon to finish this show off right, and of course, I'm sad about it, but the finality of this means that the shows are going to be fast-paced I'm sure.      The acting on this drama is criminally underrated, and although Michael Emerson won the emmy last time for supporting actor for Ben, I wish the show would get more acclaim.  I know the academy or whoever judges the Emmy's prefers their Mad Men and any show that is 3 years past its prime, but I pray that this show gets the recognition it deserves for the last 2 seasons and the final one.    I have all of these in Blu-ray, and will force all my friends to watch whenever they complain about nothing good being on tv.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|...in a day when \\"rappers\\" are the biggest musical stars, Michael Buble is a actual talent.
0896760839|5.0|The book is great for dress/clothing ideas and some pattern ideas and tips for our Renaissance Fair wardrobe.  I will be making a cape and over dress.
B002BFIN6K|5.0|While many of the reviewers have commented (mostly positively) on the technical aspects of this recreation, I must say that the disc has given me ample musical pleasure and an opportunity to reflect on Rachmaninov's standing among 20th century pianists. The Zenph technology enables us to appreciate Rachmaninov's wide range, clear articulation and poetic imagination. He sounds to me like a very 'modern' pianist - rubatos are sensitively used, articulation is crystal clear and the precision of the playing remarkable. The Bach transcriptions are a joy to listen, the Tchaikovsky lullaby a 4-minute marvel and the playng of his own Etudes Tableaux and the famous C-sharp Minor preludes definitive. One more thought - I find that my appreciation for other great Rachmaninov interpreters, notably Horowitz and Richter, has increased after listening to this disc. It shows what creative artists like these can do, using their own imagination and technique to reveal different dimensions of the music from those revealed by the composer himself. More Rachmaninoff from Zenph, please!
B001GZ6QEC|4.0|So this movie was a lot of fun to watch and it certainly did not disappoint even after all of the media hype. Ledger's performance is so good that it leaves you kinda bummed at the end because you know there is obviously no way another Joker/Batman meeting will ever happen again, at least not at this level. I challenge anyone to come up with an actor who could surpass Ledger's performance in this role and if you can, do you really expect to have an equal or better performance from that individual? I say, no.     I missed this movie in the theaters so I waited until I had my new plasma and blu-ray to watch it. Although the movie is great, I didn't see too many advantages with the blu-ray quality in this instance. I think that anyone who wants to see this movie can spare the expense of the blu-ray disc and opt for a standard DVD. (Although I did get my blu-ray copy, new, from Amazon for just [...])    I gave it four out of five stars simply because it was the beginning, and end, of the best Joker we've seen.
B000AGTPUU|2.0|The movie itself is wonderful, so please don't let my review stop you from buying The Polar Express movie. However, the inside of this DVD case was cracked. As a result, the actual DVD flops around inside the case. There is no way the inside got cracked without a mark on the outside of the case. Someone picked up this DVD, realized the DVD was loose on the inside, and they simply didn't care. I left a negative review with Amazon the day after we received the DVD, and I requested a new case or an exchange. They NEVER got back to me. The DVD will definitely be scratched and in a few months.
0061537934|5.0|Be prepared to shed some tears while reading this very wonderful story as told from a dog's point of view. So simple, yet very deep. While it was a very fast read for me, it made me think about many different things.<br /><br />Another reviewer noted that while they weren't into dogs or into race car driving, they loved this book - while I am into dogs, I, too, have no interest in race car driving, but it all works.
B001KVZ6G6|4.0|Up, the biggest talk-about since its 2000-2001 namesake by Shania Twain.  I bought this as a gift for the family to enjoy over the winter break on one of our traditional movie nights.  To say the least, it was a film of utmost expression by Disney's Pixar. They were very successful in bringing out life-like situations with true beauty- with some funnies added in between.  The depth of expression of emotion is truly commendable. The only thing I found a bit to powerful was the deep sense of melancholy and sadness in certain parts of the film. I would not say that I experienced grief, but Disney is so good as conveying emotion that it takes away from some of the \\"fun and adventure\\"-like feeling of the film. Nonetheless, it still remains a good watch. Compared to films like A Bugs Life and Ratatouille however, this one is a bit more somber.
B000YAG00A|5.0|A real war thriller. Very well done. Stanley Kubrick's the director. Real intense drama when a sniper is hidden and taking out soldiers one by one. The sniper is a surprise too. It is now part of my ever growing collection of DVDs. Good prices on AMAZON too.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|Allow me to preface my review by saying that after having watched this film, it became my new favorite movie. It takes a whole lot for a movie to gain the honor of becoming a favorite movie in my eyes. I really liked how blunt and to the point this movie was. I also found it refreshing that it wasn't a love story at all throughout most of the movie. The main premise of the movie was the story of Tom Hansen and Summer Finn's relationship over the course of 500 days. I had not seen this movie in theatres prior to viewing it on DVD, so I had no idea what to expect. Until I started watching it, I was under the impression that the title of the movie referred to the season rather than an actual person. If you're looking for a good, romantic comedy, I'd say that this probably wouldn't be the best option for you to pick. However, if you are instead in search of a movie that in a way has its own theme and message and doesn't make you wonder why you just sat through an hour and a half of sappy crap, then this just might be the right choice for you.
B002KQ6BT6|1.0|Too long, too preachy, and dharacters written poorly.  Ridiculously rapid recovery of the main characters after enormous physical and emotional ordeal just so they could wax rapturously about the potentional apotheosis of humankind.  Did no one wonder how psychotic madmen like the villain would fit into this rosy future?  Not worth the time it took to read!
B002P5XXR0|2.0|I'm in total agreement with the first review - well done!  I have to say I LOVED the film, and was totally engrossed throughout, but when I heard the familiar four half-step note 'theme' of Willow and other films, I was bloody irritated.  I'm like, COME ON HORNER!  How can you write such inspired music as in Legends of the Fall, Titanic, Braveheart, and even The Land Before Time, for heaven's sake, and then totally drop the ball on this one - your one chance to reinvent yourself, just as this movie has reinvented the way many films will be shot from now on.  Anyway, I found it largely to be recycled and very average - not junk necessarily, because it did its job in parts - but I was disappointed.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan has the greatest new voice to come on the scene in years. And her range is extraordinary!!<br />I AM COMPLETELY SATISFIED WITH THIS CD.
B00008J4P5|5.0|Often I am into Rock from the 70's and 80's: Pink Floyd, CCR, etc. This album was predominantly well written; the musical talents of the individuals are impressive. I must admit, the first two weeks with this album I listened occasionally. The two songs which were always played were \\"Seven Nation Army\\" and \\"You've Got Her In Your Pocket.\\"     For what it's worth, I list to Amnesiac by Radiohead, a little Gorillaz, and some by the Mountain Goats. I would say it's a good purchase for those either obsessed with the band (odd folks), or those who enjoy contemporary music with some thought into it. I will not be any means say every song is fantastic, but most of them are very good. Another point, I don't seem to get tired of listening to it. I do with a number of albums.
0545123267|1.0|Though the author writes prettily, this novel was disappointing and poorly executed. The love story was superficial at best and the characters were poorly developed, if you can say they were developed at all. Not only did the quick love between boy and girl make little sense, it completely failed to relay any emotion to the reader. Furthermore, the author splits the first person narrative between two characters, which contributed nothing to the plot or the novel as a whole. She should've just used one character's perspective since using two did nothing more than drag out the story and impose an unhealthy helping of mush and nonsensical obsessing upon the defenseless reader.    The conflict was scattered as well with the characters' attention being disproportionately focused upon a new and supposedly dangerous wolf rather than the fear of Sam turning for the last and final time. The characters, Grace especially, were rather dense, too. A legitimate theory for a \\"cure\\" was staring them in the face for the majority of the novel, yet it didn't even cross their minds till the end when the author tosses it all together rather haphazardly and unconvincingly. Don't get me started on the absurdity of how the \\"cure\\" is administered and tested. Speaking of absurdity, Grace's home life was so unbelievable it was laughable. The author glossed over the parent issue for the purpose of producing endless privacy for her two main characters. She was more interested in steam than substance.    All in all, this was a poorly executed novel that failed on virtually every literary level. And that would have been fine with me so long as the author entertained me or provided a convincing and emotive love story that overshadowed the other outstanding flaws.  But she didn't.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I so enjoyed John Adams. the actors were all believable and I found the history to be pretty good too... I recommend this series...
B00005MCWZ|4.0|Do not do LSD or any mind altering drugs while listening to this CD. Your brain will melt and turn to jelly, but you'll be so much wiser after you listen...Saw them Live at The Academy of Music in NYC in the 70's. Unfortunately that is another music palace that was torn down...bastards!
B001EN71DG|2.0|I don't normally write reviews but this DVD set is inexcusable.<br /><br />I bought this with the idea that I would like to revisit the original versions from the 70's and 80's, since I find the added digital content annoying.  I even bought the Toshiba XDE600 dvd player with extended detail to upscale the DVD onto my HDTV, specifically with Star Wars in mind.  Then, when I ordered some big home theater speakers on sale, (Polk Monitor 70's, highly recommended,) I waited another two weeks for them to arrive.  It then took me another week to convince the girlfriend to watch Star Wars with me...<br /><br />So last night, I dimmed the lights and played the movie, only to find that I can't get the aspect ratio right.  I tried every option on the DVD player trying to fix the problem. The only way I can get it to keep the correct ratio is to set the DVD player to 480p and the TV to overscan.  The image is terrible, I can't believe how low resolution it is.  The film artifacts and color/contrast issues are to be expected, but why not provide even a DVD-quality transfer??? With how I have to watch it, its got so much static and snow I feel like I need to adjust the bunny ears.  Its WORSE than VHS.<br /><br />WORSE THAN VHS!<br /><br />I then went to the back of the DVD box and noticed the new THX versions are widescreen enhanced but the originals are letterbox widescreen.  Ah, Lucas, you are a joker.  I popped in the other disc and we watched the \\"enhanced\\" version for the second half of the movie.  The ratio/ stretch problem is fixed.  I upscale to 1080i (best my TV does) and set the extended detail to enhance sharpness.  Looks great.  I must say the Dolby Digital 5.1 audio track is very enjoyable.<br /><br />I give the original versions ONE star.  They are an insult to all Star Wars fans.  They ruined my special movie night.  They raised my blood pressure and gave me heartburn.<br /><br />On the plus side, the THX versions are bearable.  If only there weren't added characters etc.<br /><br />GEORGE LUCAS, PLEASE... No more broken promises.en promises.
B00005MCX0|5.0|\\"Set the controls for the heart of the sun....\\" Thats where your mind is going. Sit back, have a drink or a toke and enjoy the trip.
0756405890|5.0|Though my life took a turn such that all of my poetry and fiction were written purely for myself, I am an avid reader of all genres. I have piles of books all over my house, a Kindle 1 that never leaves my sight (though will not get the 2, am awaiting a revision of the Kindle 1 that doesn't fix what wasn't broken), from hard Science to Science Fiction, Classics to Romance. I make no distinction as to favorites, but my buying pattern suggests that I migrated to Mysteries for night reading after Fantasy began to fail me. Very few series were compelling to me having read and reread all of Marion Zimmer Bradley and Ursala Le Guin.  The odd vampire tale is fine, but now Fantasy is riddled with it as if we all cannot see life without the life blood suckers attached. Perhaps there are enough of them in real life that it feels no longer like fiction?    Fantasy is one in which I demand, at minimum, suspension of disbelief; at least for the time when the pages are being turned and the words entering my mind. This book is mind candy; it has all the shadings from dark to light in appropriate measure and the voice(s) ring true at all times. Each emerging from this book back to my life was through layers as if waking from deep, delicious dream sleep.  Finding this book was like taking a wrong turn and ending up at a wonderful little store which had everything in it which you had tried to find for ages.  (I once had that happen and found the most wonderful used book store.  Finding this book was just like that).    BUY this if you love a good fantasy and then, sit on your hands next to me on the literal park bench waiting for the sequel......................for the magic to begin again.    To the author-if you have not yet read \\"Islandia\\" by Austin Tappen Wright, you would not only enjoy it, but you might sense that it has the same credible nature as your offering. PLEASE WRITE MORE and faster?  You are highly talented beyond fair measure!
0385504225|5.0|The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown is an extraordinary read for young adults who are seeking thriller writing with a twisted plot.  There are so many unexpected surprises and revelations within the characters that make this novel such a fantastic read.  It is Brown's best work yet that his fans will absolutely love!    We enter the story witnessing an ancient ritual that a secret spy is undergoing in effort of learning the most vital secret that exists within the brotherhood, or the Masonry.  Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, is then requested to hold an evening lecture at the U.S. Capitol Building where he is forced to uncover ancient mysteries that few know of.  He is immediately plunged into the world of Masonic secrets and hidden history that will ultimately uncover the truth that so many have died protecting to keep secret.  Dan Brown challenges his readers to a whole new intellectual level with his twisted plot development.  He is the master of intertwining history with fiction; he makes us reevaluate what is real and what is not.  His characterization also deserves applause.  Robert Langdon is the character we know and love from Brown's other novels.  This claustrophobic, intelligent, and genuine character really makes the novel worthwhile - he's that important.  The other characters also play major roles.  Their unique personalities show Brown's range as a writer.  Moreover, the symbolism that he provides is a bit overwhelming but still enlightening once understood, hence the title of the novel.  Readers will find codes within codes within codes that reveal all sorts of fictitious truth.      Needless to say, The Lost Symbol is the best thriller Dan Brown has ever written.  The novel benefits from his skills in developing the former literary elements because they are what make the story complete.  His extraordinary use of plot development, characterization, and symbolism add so much to the story as a whole.  This is why it is a best seller across the nation.
0307454541|2.0|THIS BOOK DIDN'T GET STARTED UNTIL ABOUT PAGE 250.  AND EVEN AFTER THAT, HE IS WAY TOO VERBOSE WITH ALOT OF USELESS DESCRIPTIONS, TOO MANY CHARACTERS AND UNNECESSARILY COMPLICATED EXPLANATIONS.  IN ADDITION TO THAT, EVERY OTHER PAGE (I'M EXAGGERATING) SOMEONE IS MAKING COFFEE.  I'LL BET THE WORD COFFEE SHOWS UP ABOUT 1,000 TIMES.  IT IS PAGE-TURNING IN PARTS BUT ALL IN ALL, THIS BOOK COULD HAVE BEEN WRITTEN IN HALF THE SPACE AND IT WOULD HAVE BEEN MUCH BETTER.
B0018RWMNM|5.0|In 1989 when I first saw Lonesome Dove, I couldn't believe that a TV western could be so good. 20 years later, it has only got better! Blu-ray just adds to the beautiful scenery and makes it more vivid. I wish the extras were in HD, but still: beautiful cinematography, great story and script, and excellent casting. All these things make Lonesome Dove the best western ever made!
B001CTDH76|4.0|Like this guy and love his smile he gets the job done even if he has to bend the rules.
B0026P3G12|5.0|She did an excellent job. I hope see is happy with her new found fame.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|This movie lived up to previous standards, although it was much \\"darker\\" both in content and technicality.  Parts of the movie were even difficult to see due to the lighting, and the sound seemed to jump from too quiet to too loud so that I had to keep adjusting the sound so we could either hear it or wouldn't lose our eardrums.  I am collecting the entire series, both on DVD and book form, so I hope that the movie(s) made from the last book of the series will be easier on the ears and eyes.  On a scale of 1-10 on my expectations of movie (by content), I give it a 10; on a scale of ease in watching/hearing, I give it a 4.
072325804X|5.0|I bought this book for our grandson who is 8 yrs old. He loves to read and the stories are wonderful as well as the illustrations by Beatrice Potter.  I will order one for our little granddaughter as soon as she is old enough to enjoy. I would recommend this book as it is a lifetime treasure of beautiful stories.
B002PMV9FG|1.0|Well except for all the same characters, plus a few new ones, I just wonder if the writer of the screenplay even read  the book.<br />J.k. Rowlings must have shuddered when she read what was a great load of tosh. I notice there are no mentions of her anywhere, except for a wee note about based on a novel by her. some of the major characters have been left out. Dumbledore aperates with harry from the astronomy tower. No Bill, no Phlemn and things are totally out of order.<br />A total travesty of a fine book ruined by a stupid movie
B0026P3G12|5.0|I was so happy to hear that Susan Boyle had made a CD.  I bought three - one for me, and two for friends who should enjoy her crystal clear voice.  I recommend this CD to anyone.  It's great listening.
B00012QM8G|5.0|THis is not the movie you look at for a happy feeling or to cheer you up. If you want a realistic movie based on a true story that is one of Spielberg's best, watch it. It is not for kids or people that can't look at a movie without a lot of action every two minutes. These great actors have done work that can be referred to as one of their best, if not the best of their career. One might even tear up with this movie. To watch a real character movie that can show the worst and best in the human race and later you can say, I am glad I watched that movie, then this is one for you. J.R.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|Love the game...but for the price they could have made it out of something more durable instead of chintzy cardboard. The pieces bow and do not stay together.
B0026P3G12|4.0|Although I usually don't listen to this type of music, this woman has a voice that came straight from Heaven!  This was a Christmas gift for my sister inlaw, and I was so happy I could get it for her.  All local stores were sold out and it wasn't available until the middle of January.  I was able to receive it before Chistmas through Amazon at a great price and in a timely manner.
B001FB55HQ|5.0|I can't believe these reviews turned into rants, never knew so many people cared about the extra features. Anyway, to address the issue at hand, I happen to think that Terminator is the greatest movie franchise of all time (sorry Star Wars nerds). James Cameron did a great job on T1 and T2 and Salvation was a fantastic addition to his masterpiece (lets not mention T3). The only things missing from Salvation are the constant chase vs escape feelings and the confusion over how events fit in the puzzle of time. There are also a lot more depictions of other humans involved in the war, John Connor is not a hero yet. True fans of Terminator will notice several references to the previous editions, which I found to be funny. Note: I might be a little biased because Christian Bale is my favorite actor. Sam Worthington was pretty good too. Ok, so that's my review. I bought this movie and I still watch the other 2 on Netflix periodically.
1597801577|5.0|This is without a doubt the greatest novel I have ever read. The imagination of Bacigalupi is unlike anything I have ever experienced. This almost apocalyptic world he has created is additive and leaves you craving more.
B000HBKCDC|5.0|To have Sarah sing Christmas songs is just pure joy.<br />A must have for all Sarah fans!
0736688579|5.0|I ordered this to pass the time for a long family trip - it was perfect.
B001U887MY|5.0|I bought these as a Christmas gift for my son-in-law.  He had never tried Crocs, but was crazy about these!
B0018PH3L0|5.0|Ordered and received before Christmas and I avoided the crowds at the store.  Thanks.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|These are phenomenal headphones. I have compared these to a set of previously bought (and returned) Sennheiser-595 open-ended headphones and a pair of Bose Quiet Comfort 3s. They are nearly identical to the Bose sound-wise at 1/4 the cost, with a hearty bassy sound (which I prefer for the amount of live music I listen too, which naturally sounds way too trebly on a pair of lower quality headphones). They also don't require a battery for the active noise canceling feature which cuts down on extraneous hardware. The noise is not cancelled, but it is isolated enough so that I haven't had any issues with sound leaking in and out (which was the big problem with the Sennheisers, not to mention inferior sound quality). I've only been listening to these for about 2 weeks, so the burn-in has not even taken these bad boys to the next level yet.<br /><br />If there is any knock on these it's with the size of the chord...but these are not marketed to consumers and thus are far cheaper.<br /><br />These come at my highest recommendation. 5 stars.
B0029LHW68|5.0|This cd is not much of a departure from their previous work. The only departure I can see is that they have gotten more musical and better at what they do. Its good stuff and you should definitely support Angel Face whenever you can. (Jared Leto, the lead singer, also played Angel Face in Fight Club. If you've never seen Fight Club, then I'm just sorry for you at this point . . . )
B002C6K7NA|5.0|Obviously this isn't the Skynyrd from the 70s, but the album does have a mix of country and rock.  This album is also a good patriotic album as Skynyrd sings about the America of old and the America we need to fight for.  I don't get a lot of full albums, but this one is worth getting.  I hear the special edition is even better.    (The only con: Most of the songs are rather short... It seemed most songs could go for another minute or so, but the average length is about 3 1/2 minutes....)    Otherwise...ROCK ON!
0385341008|4.0|During World War II, London famously suffered the devastation of bombings but what is lesser known is that the British Island of Guernsey, in the English Channel and very near the French shore, was occupied, as all of France was, by the Nazis.  The stories that emerged of the Nazi occupation of Guernsey are brutal, especially as the war drew on and food and fuel became scarce.  Mary Ann Shaffer, a librarian, and Annie Barrows, her niece who completed this novel for the late Ms. Shaffer, use the backdrop of London and Guernsey extricating themselves from the physical and psychological damage of the war to explore the enduring power of literature to heal.  In point, the book group of the title refers to a group of Guernsey folks who were caught out late by German soldiers one night as they returned from a forbidden feast.  To cover, one of them explains that they had been at a book club meeting and lost sight of the time.  The Nazis, anxious to present themselves as model occupiers who encouraged cultural activity, condoned the notion, and thus the group had to continue despite its apocryphal origin, especially since soldiers occasionally tried to join in.  The second half of the group's title is derived from the meager food that could be scraped together for a meeting.  That is the back story.  The actual action begins as the world is trying to regain itself after the war, striving to find the balance between moving on but also addressing the ghosts of the war.<br /><br />The authors take this history and place and treat it as a romantic comedy with dramatic/tragic subplots.  It is a literate but not literary novel, with charming but unsurprising characters.  It unfolds through a series of letters, postcards, quick notes and telegrams flying back and forth between a number of the characters.  The letters and dialogue are often witty.<br /><br />Although the authors do a good job with the historical realism, the psychological reality goes wanting.  There are scenes and plot threads that echo vintage sentimental movies that feature orphans.  This is not a terrible book by any means, just not one that lives up to the seriousness of its back story.that echo vintage sentimental movies that feature orphans.  This is not a terrible book by any means, just not one that lives up to the seriousness of its back story.
B0014NDXGA|5.0|If you're looking for a rangefinder go no further.  I have had the full sized version of the Bushnell which I loved (but left on a cart one day and never saw again).  I decided to try the V2 as a replacement.  It is lower cost and lighter weight but does the same job just as effectively.
B000BF0D9M|5.0|Everyone who travels on the road should listen to Jesse Cook.  Soft flamenco, great guitar music.  Not boring at all.
B002NPY7E0|4.0|Great movie I already had regular DVD had to get the blu-Ray version really supenseful
0736063684|5.0|This book has everything you need to know and more. Even has a section for each muscle group on common injuries and how to prevent them.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Everyone needs to see Food Inc. Especially, if you like to eat what is good for you and have some empathy for animals.
B00000ILBK|5.0|always a fan of star trek this was the only one i was missing product was used and in almost new shape very good experiance with this.  Only complaint amount of shipping time seemed to take forever but i also bought it over holiday season so that may be why.
B002SAUCBC|3.0|Disappointing. I love King, but this one drags on and on.  The message he is trying to convey is subtle... really, like a sledgehammer on crystal. There is one storyline, and you keep reading on and on for a \\"twist\\", or something, anything OTHER than the long road. That's all you get. A long, boring road with one very straight-on conclusion.
B0026P3G12|5.0|She has become a star overnight and I just love her. I loved the look on the faces of the panel, when she first went on stage, she blew them away, and me also.    Great CD    Chris Baker
1594200823|5.0|This book was fantastic.  It is thick and I thought it might be boring, but I was totally wrong.  It wasn't the kind that gripped you so you couldn't put it down...  you could read a chapter or two and put it down for a time while you 'digested' the contents, pardon the pun.  But inevitably, you are drawn back to it again and again.  Great dinner conversation.  I read it over 6 months ago and I am still talking about it.  It has changed the way I shop for food!
B002QH2NUA|1.0|Though Mr. McCartney is undisputed in his many contributions, this live CD plummets from his live 2002 Back in the US.  Musically, the band plays well, as would be expected.  It is just his voice now that lacks the warmth and vibrancy that is so evident in previous recordings.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I've had these for a couple months and it is unbelieveable how much two small pieces of plastic can improve the ps3's controller. They make the L2 and R2 buttons feel much more natural and easier to use. For only five dollars, these are without a doubt the best value item to get for a ps3.
0316017922|5.0|I must say I was surprisingly blown away by Gladwell's book. In my opinion, Outliers is probably one of the most insightful and enjoyable reads out there! I guarantee that if you read this book there will be something significant you can take away from it.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|For my husband and myself, this is one of our favorite movies--and one of our favorite Christmas movies.  It has many wonderful actors, and many wonderful stories.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have been using the video for almost four months.  I alternate with both the Boost Metabolism and No More Trouble Zones (also with Jillian).  This are seriously good workouts.  I have recently moved to Level 3 and it kicks my butt.  I started this dvds two months after having my second baby and I have lost all the baby weight plus 12 lbs and I eat like a pig.   No, I don't eat meat or drink soda or go out for fast food, but my caloric intake is high and I do not watch calories, carbs or fat grams.  I lost 1 lb a week while eating french fries, mashed potatoes, Hagen Dazs etc,.  and I am a tiny, thin person!  I would highly recommend this dvd and her others if you aren't the type who likes to starve themselves and you still want to lose weight.  I do not modify the exercises though and this probably contributes to the weight loss.      My one critique is that her best (hardest) workouts have a lot of what she refers to as \\"jump training\\".  It is NOT easy and I imagine people who are heavy set are going to have a hard time with these moves. If you do not like high intensity jumping, stay away from Level 3 of this dvd (unless you do the modifications which also lessen the workout).     All in all, if you are serious about losing weight and want to be sweating and huffing and puffing at the end of 25 minutes, this is the dvd for you.
B00008NG5V|1.0|I found the music to be uninspired, repetitious, and just way too mellow. The breathy, overly earnest delivery just put me to sleep. He grabs a groove and just runs it into the ground, track after track. True auditory Valium.
B000001EUN|4.0|This is a pretty awesome offering from the Scorps. After guitarist Uli John Roth departed following the last 'classic-era' Scorpions album Taken By Force, their recorded the Lovedrive album in 1979. Anyone who REALLY knows the Scorps...are aware of their amazing 70's albums. Totally different than the 80's MTV/stadium Scorps. Much more musicalty, much more aggression, and Uli was the best guitar they ever had. Although in a difference of direction, he left following their last album done with this line up. And after recruiting Matthias Jabs, they released (what was to most their first) 1979 album Lovedrive. It totally reconfigured the band's sound, repackaged it in a more polished and structured sense. They were still a great band but its really a matter of opinion which era of the group you prefer. The Lovedrive album got them new notice and attention in America. It included the sort of hit Loving You Sunday Morning, but nothing smash success wise. The follow up, 1980's Animal Magnestism, is a pretty awesome album to say the least. Some critics think less of this album for some reason. Opening cut Make It Real, is a midtempo yet highly enjoyable rock song. Klaus Meine really sings up a record here. Dont Make No Promises (Your Body Can't Keep) is a faster more ripping song and realy grabs you, as does Twentieth Century Man, Falling In Love, and Only A Man. Superb, surpasses it's era, great hard rock. Albeit, the only familiar song this record contains to the average listener is the FM staple The Zoo. Another song that contributed to the bands hunt for worldwide breakthrough, which come one year later in the Blackout album. So the LD and AM records were the bands middle ground phase to finding that commercial sound that differed so much with their more raw and gritter hard rock meets prog rock meets grooves approach. Scorps are one of the really underappreciated bands and anything up to Love At First Sting this band did is essential. Dont pass on this one or any of their classic 70s efforts especially Virgin Killer.
B0000033RY|4.0|OK, so they weren`t Cream, the Jeff Beck Group or Led Zep (and I`m only referring to the 1st two Zep LP`s, after that, I could care less, except for 'Black Dog'),but these guys and Mountain were about the best hard/acid rockers we had here in the states at that particular time in musical history. It`s tragic Beck went out and nearly offed himself in a near-fatal car wreck, or both he and Rod Stewart would have completed the original line-up of this band, and we`ll always wonder what could have been, but I digress. Cactus was a force to be reckoned with, they practically cornered the market with their patented brand of badass ballsy, bluesy, boogie-based Acid Rock. Folks like to compare them to Savoy Brown or Foghat, which is a joke, they could kick those bands asses in their sleep after a night of hard drinking and drugging, which was part and parcel at that time. This Anthology is a refreshing look at the formative years of Cactus, which includes almost all of the first LP, pretty much the best of the second, but omits a few from their 3rd LP, 'Restrictions' I personally enjoy. Great covers of Muddy Waters and Howlin' Wolf tracks ('Evil' stills sends shivers down my spine to this day), ferocious fretwork, Bonhamesque drumming, bass playing that never supports or locks in w/ the drums yet is still amazing to hear, and vocals that rend, rip and wrangle the life from a dead corpse are all on vivid display. Sound grisly enuff for ya? Then stop reading this and bring this mother home today...
B0026P3G12|1.0|Susan Boyle is unbelievable!!!  What a voice, what feeling, expression, phrasing, choice of songs...but what a dreadful production job!  If you read the credits, you will notice that the producer also plays the piano and other keyboards (synthesizers, etc.)and you can figure out most of the problem.  Guitars come out of nowhere, the piano and other instruments over power Susan's voice, every time she opens up, the volume and tone of her voice is lowered and the choir, etc. barge in...REALLY DREADFUL.  Such a shame.  I hope she finds a better studio, and does the whole thing all over again.  I really want to hear her sing these songs the way she really sings them.  The overall feeling of this CD is similar to eating processed food.  I eat organic, and want to hear 'organic' music.  Her beautiful, rich, dynamic voice is so filtered, equalized, compressed, and whatever else they did, it just is not her.  One can get such a better feeling of her real voice just by listening to You-tube videos on a little computer.  Okay, nuff said.  GREAT singer, BAD recording.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I purchased Susan Boyle's first album \\"I Dreamed a Dream\\" and I was not disappointed.  She has a interesting mix of songs and does justice to them all with her beautiful voice.  It makes my heart glad to see that her gift is appreciated and that she is using it to bring joy to peoples' lives.  I hope she is able to make another album in the near future.
B002MW50KO|5.0|I could not believe my eyes when I say a 'Bob Dylan Christmas CD' at the music store, and just had to buy it.  Jewish, beat-poet, Mr.Marijuana, going-on-70(?) Bob Dylan doing a Christmas CD?  I just had to buy it.  And it is absolutely fantastic, and you know, it is one of the most sincere, beautiful, enjoyable Christmas CD's I have ever heard!  I love it.  I have listened to it nearly every day since I purchased it.  He sings from the heart as the title claims!  His voice is so perfect for these songs, and he adds such a personal touch to each song, while paying tribute to the older styles that many of these songs were originally done in.  Great performances on each track!!! (I didn't care for the insert art and photo, but that is Bob being Bob?)... AND, in case you didn't know, or perhaps forgot...Jesus was a Jew, and very much of a radical revolutionary; very much of a first-century 'Bob Dylan' kind of guy?  And Bob Dylan was (is?) very much of a peace, love, simple-life 20th-century 'Jesus' kind of guy, so the CD really does make sense.  And Bob is even donating his cut to hunger groups in the USA!  This is 'Christmas in the Heart' smack dab, bull's eye, all the way home!!!  Good job Bob, many thanks, and best wishes for your holidays and many many New Years to come!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Excellent CD! She can sing any type of music! I was so amazed at how she sounds wonderful no matter what she sings!  You need to do more CDs Susan!
B000LRY9PY|5.0|I had recently bought this cd and when it came I had to play it. It was like opening a rare gift with refrence. I played that cd till it had put me to sleep. I had ask my bf to buy it but poor thing couldn't remember her name so i ordered it for myself. Let me say, I have been inlove with this young lady's voice since she burst on the scene in 2006. Great cd. Especially the second cd-\\"Another Rainy day\\" my fav. Can't wait till her another cd drops-\\"The Sea\\"
B002KDUDG6|5.0|What a wonderful relaxing CD!  I am totally amazed that someone his age can sing such relaxing music. He is marvelous!
B0019LY5IM|4.0|If I was rating the quality of LOST for season 5, it would have been 5 stars easily. I am taking off one star because of the lack of bonus features compared to other seasons. I am a huge fan of bonus features and was actually disappointed. Compared to some other shows on DVD, there is a fair amount of features but compared to other seasons of LOST, this is kind of weak.    First, there are only two episode commentaries and the bonus features are on the same disc as the season finale. In comparison, season 4 had four episode commentaries and 2 discs full of bonus features. And season 4 had 2 less episodes!!!
0307269981|5.0|I haven't stayed up all night to read a book in a long time, but this book just drew me in!  I really couldn't put it down, and thanks to my Kindle I didn't really have to!  Just make sure you read The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo first so it all makes sense.  I'm glad I listened to my cousin's recommendation!
B00004U2GH|3.0|I bought this CD for my 80+ years old Dad and he like the CD and will sing along with the songs.
0307454541|5.0|I love this book.  The character development seems excessive at first, but it really makes the second in the series a true page turner.  I can't wait for book 3!
B000UNYJV8|4.0|This movie is iteresting and strange, somewhat sick and twisted. Its about a kid who falls in with the \\"wrong crowd\\" of which he is significantly younger than. It's almost like an English version of the movie Kids... If you like Kids, American History X, Made in Brittain, Gummo, Requiem for a Dream, Pallindromes, Alpha Dogs and other such movies you will enjoy this movie!
0780626966|5.0|I got this for my 10 year old son for Christmas, and he was so excited.  It was awesome, with the encyclopedia and all.  Well worth it.
B002PMV9FG|3.0|This movie in my opinion; did not measure up to all the others.  It was hard to follow, and the excitement just wasn't there.
B002IKLZZY|4.0|Funny, a few weeks before I purchased North By Northwest (50th Anniversary Edition)I purchased the original version on DVD.  I was so pleased to see they acknowledged the anniversary by re-releasing it on DVD for the 50th.<br /><br />It's definitely a classic. Classic Hitchcock. a must have.  Some of the scenes are so amazing by his direction.  The chase in the corn field, the night shots on Mt. Rushmore are so artistically advanced for it's time.<br /><br />This is a must buy.
0547258305|5.0|This was a great read. Nice change from all the twilight look-alikes.  My 19 year old daughter also enjoyed both this and Fire.
1400082773|5.0|Everyone should read this book to learn about our president.  It tells his story and lays the foundation for an understanding pf where Obama comes from and why he makes sense as our leader.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|I have been a long time fan of Fawlty Towers since discovering it on PBS. I have been wanting to get a complete DVD set to replace my copies made from TV on VHS. This a great set with all of the episodes made and the extras are an additional pleasure to watch. Repeated viewings are just as funny as the first time seen.
0316017922|5.0|This was a very good book which kept my attention long enough to complete in one day. Very well written and inspirational. I immediately gave it to my son to read and look forward to reading other books written by Malcolm Gladwell.
B0026P3G12|4.0|Her voice is inspirational and affects the heart directly.  The only disappointment I have is that it is only 40 minutes long. I will definitely buy her next CD.
B002VKE1K2|5.0|In today's horror movie genre, most of the films rely on blood and guts to scare the viewer.  Not so with \\"Paranormal Activity\\".  This movie relies on psychological, unseen terror to frighten the viewer, and the movie succeeds very well at this.    As for the story, couple Katie and Micah have recently moved in together.  However, there's one little secret Katie forgot to tell him; she's being haunted by an unseen demonic force that gives her terrible nightmares...and worse. During the approximate three-week time period covered in the movie, the presence constantly harasses the couple.  At first, the occurrences are minor, but as the movie goes on, they become much more frightening.  Soon, doors begin slamming for no reason, lights start flickering on and off, and Katie is pulled out of the bed.  The couple enlists the help psychologists trained in hauntings and demonology, but their efforts fail to solve the problem.  As the movie reaches its climax, Katie and Micah face the full fury of the spirit.  Who will win?    Following in the footsteps of such movies as \\"The Blair With Project\\" and \\"Cloverfield\\", \\"Paranormal Activity\\" scares its viewers with unseen psychological forces.  I was somewhat skeptical about how good this movie would be, but after watching it, I was truly scared.  I thought the producers did an excellent job of building the level of terror as the movie progressed.  The ending of the movie is truly frightening.  I do like horror movies with blood and guts, by the psychological terror found in \\"Paranormal Activity\\" is truly frightening.    I give this movie my highest recommendation.  Horror fans will love it.
B000WCDI5K|5.0|This is a must have for Fans, simply put. They have some different sounds then previous albums before, but that's not a bad thing. I loved the previous stuff and this is shows the different can be good. I give it 5/5
B000M341QE|4.0|...no matter what the touts say.  And for two reasons: the actors in the film are not of the same caliber (not for the mob) as those of the great Scorcese films, and the script/plot of this picture is also not the stuff of genius that his masterpieces were.  It's an entertaining picture, but let's not get carried away - never was I in AWE, and at times found it hard to take seriously in spite of staying interested. Even WITH forced Boston accents, it's nowhere in the league of gangster films like \\"Good Fellas\\" or \\"Casino\\".  Lacks the character beleivability and originality of a screen-play like \\"Taxi Driver\\", or \\"After Hours\\". Nicholson as an Irish mob boss?  DiCaprio as one of his thugs?  Matt Damon as a mob mole in the police department?   Smacks of Hollywood-land!  Compare this to a line-up of De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci.. like comparing men to boys, no offense to Nicholson who plays great crazy guys, but mob boss was stretching it.  Or maybe I'm just too used to seeing \\"Italians\\" in the role.      Personally I think Scorsese should go back to working with unknown actors just like he did in the very beginning - hell, it was Scorsese that practically brought De Niro and the gang to fame in the first place - and that was when he (Scorsese) was unknown as well.  Why should he now insist on using actors we've all seen a million times, if not for the reason of commercial success?  I think Scorsese needs to take more chances.  I wish just for once he'd use a cast of all no-name actors in a film - fresh meat.  Even if we don't know who they are, it would sell on Scorsese's name alone - and bring a breath of fresh air and credibility to his next picture.
B002RSDW80|5.0|I don't spend alot of time watching movies but I pre-ordered this one.  If you love to cook you'll LOVE this movie!  It spurred me to talk my husband into buying me the 2-volume set of Mastering the Art of French Cooking.  There is no way I'll try to cook all the recipes in one year, so I'll probably have to watch the movie again.  Meryl Streep does a superb job as Julia Child.  In her words, BON APPETITE!
0385504225|1.0|Extremadamente largo, con mucho relleno absolutamente inutil. Un intento por vender un nuevo libro a costa de incautos lectores atraidos por seguir algo del misterio y la magia de anteriores libros. Realmente lamentable, quizas el 30% del libro es charlataneria, y como gran finale, un desastrozo desenlace. Mi consejo, NO LO COMPRE
1400063515|3.0|A nice and practical book explaining the reason why under certain hypothesis the Gaussian assumption is completely wrong...and you lose a lot of money in NYSE market!
B0025KVLS8|5.0|My product arrived long before the deadline--and at Christmas time when mail flow is excessive! Very pleased--like brand new. Reasonable price.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|Great movie I watched the movie as soon as I recieved it. Can't wait for the Ultimate Edition to come out.
B00009YOQW|4.0|My grandson and his parents are pleased with the drum. Like that it makes different tones.Not sure about the durability yet as it's still quite new.
0385338732|5.0|I'm only a few chapters in but so far I love this book.  It arrived fast and in great condition.
B0013RC3NQ|5.0|I originally saw the movie on Turner Movie Classics so I wasn't sure I would enjoy this book knowing the plot beforehand.  Well the movie barely resembled the book.  The book was action packed and characters well developed. Despite the archaic language, well worth the read.  This is an excellent mystery, a must read.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle's gutsy drive to share her beautiful voice as given hope to so many millions of people around the world. I know she has inspired millions of people that have heard of her story, they too have a dream and pursued it and not so much as singing but she demonstated that any dream is worth it...The woman is talented.
B000LXH0AE|5.0|I love this movie; I'm not usually the type to watch old movies over and over because i could simply use that time to watch a new movie. But i have seen this movie many times; and thought enough of it to want to add it to my collection.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|My family has watched the Harry Potter movies in the theaters on opening day for years, so this was perfect for our collection of Harry Potter.  Great movies.  These movies do NOT encourage use of the dark arts.  They are merely entertainment.... Very good entertainment too.
0452287022|5.0|The book was cheaper to buy from Amazon and ship to Australia rather than paying the high prices for school text books that we pay for here in Australia. This was a great deal from a great vendor with a great price and service.  Thanks again.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I liked this album (and Susan Boyle) so much, I purchased a total of 4 so that I could share it with people at work whom I thought would like it as much I do.  I listen to the album going to and coming from work every day.  (I work 55 minutes on home with an interstate commute.)
B002PMV9K6|5.0|Anyone who is a Harry Potter fan is going to love this movie. The main characters have grown into young adults, no longer children, with adult feelings. There's a love story and a lot action, involving the use Dark Magic, very exciteing.  we also lose one of the regular characters  in the story. You don't want to miss this one. Only one more episode to go.[[ASIN:B002PMV9FG Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Widescreen Edition)]]
B002VH7P4O|5.0|My expectations were that these songs were going to sound good.    They sound better than good.  *Absolutely phenomenal.*  It's like listening to all of the songs for the first time.    Nothing else to say:  If you like the Beatles, at all, BUY THIS.      The sound quality is ridiculous
B000E1ZBGS|1.0|A&E did a wonderful version of this, and all I can say is that anyone who loved this never saw the Collin Firth version.  Kiera Knightly is not one of my favorite actresses, so I may be biased, but the other Elizabeth, played by Jennifer had a lot more class.  Take the time to see the classic, and don't bother with the inferior remake.
078322804X|4.0|I love this movie.  It is a classic comedy.  I purchased this DVD specifically because it's formatted in Anamorphic Widescreen for 16x9 tvs (I hate buying an older movie only to pop it in and find that its got big black bars around all sides and a little picture in the middle of the screen).  Overall, the movie is great.  Picture quality is ok, nothing exception.  There are some special features (deleted/extended scenes, interviews with the cast, etc).  The only thing that bothers me is that the deleted scenes are added right into the movie.  There's no option to watch them or not.  After being used to the original movie, it makes watching it a little strange, especially since some of the scenes feel out of place with the flow of the film.  Overall, its not too bad.  There's really only a few of them in the movie.  I just wish I had the option to watch it with or without the added scenes.
0767020308|1.0|I guess the thing that turned me off about this edition of Emma was when Kate Beckinsal was complaining about Gwyenyth Paltrow.  Gwenyth has legitimate acolades, while Kate is mainly known for leather.  I enjoyed the grand production more than this one, and was swept away by the acting and sets that the hollywood production was able to achieve.  I usually prefer A&E productions, but this is an exception to that review.
1600241824|5.0|Purchased this audio CD for my long commute to work.  It came quickly and as always, David Sedaris is hilarious....I recommend this to anyone who appreciates dry humor.  Thanks Amazon
0316069906|5.0|This is a great book if you are deciding weather or not you want to eat animals. Jonathan goes into great detail about the choices he considered on becoming a vegetarian.  I was impressed by all the research done to write this book.  It is a great read.
B001UV4XUQ|5.0|For producers, Mark Waters (director of \\"The Spiderwick Chronicles\\", \\"Mean Girls\\", \\"Freaky Friday\\") and Jessica Tuchinksy, it was all about finding the best original script.  And its when they found a screenplay fir \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber (both wrote the script for \\"The Pink Panther 2'), that they new they had something special.<br /><br />With director Marc Webb (\\"Seascape\\", \\"Jesse McCartney: Up Close\\"), cinematographer Eric Steelburg (\\"Juno\\", \\"Numb\\"), music by composers Mychael Danna (\\"The Time Travelers Wife\\", \\"The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus\\") and Rob Simonsen (\\"Sophie Sapna\\", \\"Management\\") and adding the talents Joseph Gordon-Levitt (\\"The Lookout\\", \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra\\", \\"10 Things I Hate About You\\") and Zooey Deschanel (\\"The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford\\", \\"The Happening\\").<br /><br />The independent film which cost about $7.5 million to make, was screened at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and was an instant hit with the audience that it was picked up for distribution by Fox Searchlight Pictures and when the film went public in theaters, \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" would make around $40 million worldwide.  The film would go on to receive numerous awards and nominations and now the film receives its Blu-ray and DVD release, with the Blu-ray coming with a digital copy of the film.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"(500) Days of Summer\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:40:1 Widescreen), AVC @ 33 MBPS.  For the most part, picture quality is well done.  The details on the walls, skin tones are natural, blacks are black but its very important to note that the director Marc Webb was very particular with the color palette.  In the special features, he wanted to make sure that certain characters had certain colors.<br /><br />For example, only when you see Summer will you see the color blue.  When you see Tom, you will see more grays.  He was quite picky on what colors would be seen in the film and what colors he didn't want to see as much of.  So, primary colors are somewhat muted deliberately.  The film has a fine layer of grain and overall, the film is quite solid when it comes to PQ.<br /><br />As for audio quality, lossless audio is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio and also includes an English description for the visually impaired, 5.1 Dolby Digital in Spanish, French and Portuguese.  This film is a romantic comedy that has an emphasis on music.  Dialogue is clear and understandable from the center channel, while music can be heard from the front channels.  There is very little use of the surround channels.  Mostly crowd ambiance but nothing major.  The audio quality is satisfactory for this kind of film.<br /><br />Subtitles are provided in English SDH, Spanish, Portuguese, Cantonese, Mandarin and Thai.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"(500) Days of Summer\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  * Audio Commentary by Director Marc Webb, writers Michael H. Weber and Scott Neustadter and Actor Joseph Gordon Levitt - A humorous, fun, upbeat and informative commentary track.<br />  * Lost Days of Summer: Deleted and Extended Scenes - Featuring nine deleted and extended scenes with optional commentary by director Marc Webb, writers Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber and actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt.<br />  * Bank Dance directed by Marc Webb - (4:18) A short film featuring Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel.  Gordon-Levitt plays a bank robber, Deschanel the bank teller and both start dancing together.<br />  * Mean's Cinemash: \\"Sid and Nancy/(500) Days of Summer\\" - (3:28) A parody of \\"Sid and Nancy\\" featuring Zooey Deschanel as Sid and Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Nancy.<br />  * Not a Love Story: Making of Featurette - (29:21) Interviews with director Marc Webb, producers Jessica Tuchinsky, Mark Waters, Mason Novick, Steven J. Wolfe, the cast of the film, the set design, the music and more on the making of(500) Days of Summer.<br />  * Conversations with Zooey and Joseph - (12:26) Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel talk about their longtime friendship and working on the film.  From discussions of acting and reality, filming in Los Angeles, karaoke, the creative process, music and more.<br />  * Music Video: \\"Sweet Disposition\\" by the Temper Trap - (4:01)<br />  * Filmmaking Specials: Behind (500) Days - Director Mark Webb discusses casting Joe and Zooey (2:05), the Summer Effect (1:35), French film references (:58), the color palette (1:11).<br />  * Fox Movie Channel presents in Character with Zooey Deschanel - (2:38) Zooey Deschanel talks about her character Summer.<br />  * Fox Movie Channel presents in Character with Joseph Gordon-Levitt - (3:08) Joseph Gordon-Levitt talks about his character Tom.<br />  * Summer at Sundance - (13:46) Director Marc Webb, producers, crew and cast prepare for the film screening at Sundance and the audience response after they watched the film.<br />  * Audition Tapes - Featuring the audition tapes of Geoffrey Arend (4:23, McKenzie), Matthew Gray Gubler (2:38, Paul) with optional commentary by Director Marc Webb.<br />  * Summer Storyboards - Featuring  storyboards and storyboard/film comparisons for Summer Effect, Reality/Expectations.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />Fantastic!<br /><br />\\"(500) Days of Summer\\" takes a story of guy meets girl, things don't go well and where most stories would end up finding a way to bring the two back together, the film does something quite different in that it shows how a relationship can go from great to something corrupted and when it's over, it's over.  It's storytelling using the days and going back and forth through linear and non-linear storyline definitely makes this film structurally innovative.<br /><br />But without going the direction of making this romantic comedy too mature or cliche, I found the pop culture references to be quite fantastic.  From Tom listening to depressing UK music, for anyone who grew up listening to the Smiths or Depeche Mode can only laugh and be amused by Tom's character.  And music plays a big part in the enjoyment of \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" as Tom who starts to fall for Summer starts playing The Smiths \\"Please, Please, Please Let Me Get What I Want\\" on his computer to him and his friends singing at karaoke or listening to music that plays while they drive in their car and a memorable musical scene as Tom has his first sexual experience and prompts him to take part in a musical dance experience to Hall & Oates \\"You Make My Dreams\\".<br /><br />But as the film showcases music through hearing it, seeing it on the t-shirts of Tom's character to how these characters embody music (note: both Gordon-Levitt and Deschanel outside of acting are also accomplished musicians or in a band), cinemaphiles can also enjoy the various references to films such as \\"The Graduate\\" and for those familiar with films by Fellini, Truffaut and Bergman.  I felt the film's using clips from these films was wonderful, especially how Tom and Summer have different interpretations of the ending of \\"The Graduate\\".<br /><br />There are very interesting stylistic choices that Marc Webb took in \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" but in the end, everything works.  Both Gordon-Levitt and Deschanel have great chemistry and their performance in the film is fantastic.  Almost similar to a Godard or even a Rohmer film, there are many short scenes that stay in your mind and you can't help but adore them.  From Tom and Summer having fun at IKEA to them sitting at the park screaming \\"penis\\", it's something that you would see from French New Wave films from the 1960's and used quite well in this film.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, there are plenty of special features that fans of the film will truly enjoy.  The fact that both talents also partake in parody's of \\"Sid and Nancy\\" and even do a musical dance scene in \\"Bank Dance\\", just shows how much fun the filmmakers and the talent had with each other.  From the making of the film to documenting the screening of the film at Sundance was another wonderful addition.  And as for picture and audio quality, again...stylistic risks that Webb employed in removing the primaries and selecting which colors he wanted to use in the film was quite interesting and the use of music in the film was well-done.<br /><br />Overall, I found \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" to be a remarkable film.  I know some of my cinemaphile acquaintances tend to compare this film with the classic Woody Allen film \\"Annie Hall\\" or Gondry's \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind\\" and to pick apart its ideology and then some who call this an indie love film that serves purpose for a new generation.  Personally, I looked at this film as a true and honest film similar to a \\"Say Anything\\" about relationships and breakups but not having to go with the typical story cliche.  When I saw the ending reference to \\"The Graduate\\" which was featured in this film, the first thing that came to my mind is that I hope the writers and the director are going to keep things real and not become the typical romantic comedy that we've seen many times before.  The director and writers already took creative risks, stylistic choices, added many twists and turns and even the La Nouvelle Vague references made me want something different and sure enough it happened.  And in the end I was more than satisfied.<br /><br />\\"(500) Days of Summer\\" is highly recommended!ic plays a big part in the enjoyment of \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" as Tom who starts to fall for Summer starts playing The Smiths \\"Please, Please, Please Let Me Get What I Want\\" on his computer to him and his friends singing at karaoke or listening to music that plays while they drive in their car and a memorable musical scene as Tom has his first sexual experience and prompts him to take part in a musical dance experience to Hall & Oates \\"You Make My Dreams\\".    But as the film showcases music through hearing it, seeing it on the t-shirts of Tom's character to how these characters embody music (note: both Gordon-Levitt and Deschanel outside of acting are also accomplished musicians or in a band), cinemaphiles can also enjoy the various references to films such as \\"The Graduate\\" and for those familiar with films by Fellini, Truffaut and Bergman.  I felt the film's using clips from these films was wonderful, especially how Tom and Summer have different interpretations of the ending of \\"The Graduate\\".    There are very interesting stylistic choices that Marc Webb took in \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" but in the end, everything works.   Both Gordon-Levitt and Deschanel have great chemistry and their performance in the film is fantastic.  Almost similar to a Godard or even a Rohmer film, there are many short scenes that stay in your mind and you can't help but adore them.  From Tom and Summer having fun at IKEA to them sitting at the park screaming \\"penis\\", it's something that you would see from French New Wave films from the 1960's and used quite well in this film.    As for the Blu-ray release, there are plenty of special features that fans of the film will truly enjoy.  The fact that both talents also partake in parody's of \\"Sid and Nancy\\" and even do a musical dance scene in \\"Bank Dance\\", just shows how much fun the filmmakers and the talent had with each other.  From the making of the film to documenting the screening of the film at Sundance was another wonderful addition.  And as for picture and audio quality, again...stylistic risks that Webb employed in removing the primaries and selecting which colors he wanted to use in the film was quite interesting and the use of music in the film was well-done.    Overall, I found \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" to be a remarkable film.  I know some of my cinemaphile acquaintances tend to compare this film with the classic Woody Allen film \\"Annie Hall\\" or Gondry's \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind\\" and to pick apart its ideology and then some who call this an indie love film that serves purpose for a new generation.  Personally, I looked at this film as a true and honest film similar to a \\"Say Anything\\" about relationships and breakups but not having to go with the typical story cliche.  When I saw the ending reference to \\"The Graduate\\" which was featured in this film, the first thing that came to my mind is that I hope the writers and the director are going to keep things real and not become the typical romantic comedy that we've seen many times before.  The director and writers already took creative risks, stylistic choices, added many twists and turns and even the La Nouvelle Vague references made me want something different and sure enough it happened.  And in the end I was more than satisfied.    \\"(500) Days of Summer\\" is highly recommended!
B0026P3G12|4.0|I have listened to this CD almost every day since I  recieved it.  I bought more of the CD's for my friends at Christmas and they gave rave reviews too. I hope she continues to sing and make more CD's.
B002S8AGZG|4.0|In 1999, the film \\"10 Things I Hate About You\\" which was is based on William Shakespeare's play \\"The Taming of the Shrew\\" was adapted to a teen comedy film by screenwriters Karen McCullah and Kirsten Smith (both who wrote \\"Legally Blonde\\", \\"The Ugly Truth\\", \\"The House Bunny\\" and \\"Ella Enchanted\\") and featured first time film director Gil Junger (known for directing TV shows \\"Ellen\\", \\"According to Jim\\" and \\"Hope and Faith\\").<br /><br />The film would be appreciated as a teen romantic comedy and since the film's debut is considered among the top 10 teen romantic comedy films out there and the film is known to be the launching point for the director, the screenwriters and the film that would launch the careers of Julia Stiles and Heath Ledger.<br /><br />The popularity of the film now reaching it's tenth year anniversary has recently generated a television series on ABC Family and now a 10th Anniversary Blu-ray release.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"10 Things I Hate About You: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" receives its first entry to Blu-ray.  Presented in 1080p High Definition (1:85:1), the film looks great!  At first, I was a little worried when the stock footage of Seattle was grainy but once you see the film, you can't help but be happy about the detail.  You can see the skin pores of the people, details on the walls and surroundings.  Some scenes are vibrant and colorful, there is a fine layer of grain on the film,  blacks are nice and deep and picture quality that is much better than its DVD counterpart.<br /><br />As for audio quality, the film is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio and in French, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital.  The film is front and center channel driven.  Dialogue and music are clear but for the most part, the lossless soundtrack works for the film.  I was hoping that with the crowd scenes, those sounds would be heard on the surround channels but I really didn't hear too much surround channel usage or even anything from the subwoofer.<br /><br />Subtitles are in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"10 Things I Hate About You: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" comes with the following special features featured in 1080p or 480i, English 2.0 Dolby Digital with English SDH, French or Spanish subtitles.  Included are:<br /><br />  * 10 Things I Love About 10 Things I Hate About You 10 Years Later - (35:05)  Ten years after the film's initial debut, director Gil Junger, and writers Kirsten Smith and Karen Lutz reflect and hear the story about how this classic teen comedy came to be. Featuring never-before-seen behind the scenes footage, original cast interviews, deleted scenes, original screen test and personal photos from the writers' scrap books.<br />  * Audio Commentary with co-writers Karen Lutz and Kirsten Smith, and stars Andrew Keegan, David Krumholtz, Larisa Oleynik and Susan May Pratt - An entertaining commentary with the writers and cast reflecting their past working on the film and working with members of cast and crew.  Also, jokes and hilarious things that happened behind-the-scenes.  Also, everyone talks about their memories of Heath Ledger on the set and auditions.  For fans of the film, listening to this audio commentary makes this release so much worth it!<br /><br />It's important to note that \\"deleted scenes\\" are mentioned on back of the package are found on the \\"10 Things I Love About 10 Things I Hate About You 10 Years Later\\" featurette.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />I can easily remember when the original DVD was released and how badly I wanted it.  \\"10 Things I Hate About You\\" was in my mind, the best non rated-R teen romantic film.  Although \\"American Pie\\" was the more popular teen film of that year (the year also featured my other favorite PG-13 teen romance film \\"She's All That\\"), \\"10 Things I Hate About You\\" was a film I enjoyed because of its sincerity, everyone seemed to click well with each other and the screenplay never had to go theroute of being perverted.  Also, that poem by Kat at the end of the film is absolutely classic!<br /><br />But here we are ten years later and \\"10 Things I Hate About You\\" is a pretty enjoyable film that still holds up today.  But I know the big question for many people is if its worth upgrading from the DVD to the Blu-ray version?  My answer is \\"YES!\\".  The picture quality is much better than its original DVD counterpart but for those who loved the film, the two special features are just worth watching.<br /><br />The audio commentary is just absolutely hilarious and for the most part, it's like reuniting with old friends again and hearing stories that happened behind-the-scenes of filming to the hotel parties that the cast would have and just the shenanigans that took place and how respectful they were in remember Heath Ledger.  The audio commentary was fantastic!<br /><br />I would have loved more special features to be included but considering that the original DVD had no special features at all, I'm glad that at least we get two special features for this 10th anniversary edition and the two are very entertaining.<br /><br />Overall, \\"10 Things I Hate About You: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" is a fantastic release for fans of the film.  The DVD may not have a lot of bells and whistles as I would have hoped but for the most part, this Blu-ray release is definitely an improved upgrade over the 1999 DVD and the audio commentary, again...hilarious and all-out-fun.<br /><br />If you are a hardcore fan, a person who enjoyed this film or someone that is curious about this release, \\"10 Things I Hate About You: 10th Anniversary Edition\\"  is definitely recommended!But here we are ten years later and \\"10 Things I Hate About You\\" is a pretty enjoyable film that still holds up today.  But I know the big question for many people is if its worth upgrading from the DVD to the Blu-ray version?  My answer is \\"YES!\\".  The picture quality is much better than its original DVD counterpart but for those who loved the film, the two special features are just worth watching.    The audio commentary is just absolutely hilarious and for the most part, it's like reuniting with old friends again and hearing stories that happened behind-the-scenes of filming to the hotel parties that the cast would have and just the shenanigans that took place and how respectful they were in remember Heath Ledger.  The audio commentary was fantastic!    I would have loved more special features to be included but considering that the original DVD had no special features at all, I'm glad that at least we get two special features for this 10th anniversary edition and the two are very entertaining.    Overall, \\"10 Things I Hate About You: 10th Anniversary Edition\\" is a fantastic release for fans of the film.  The DVD may not have a lot of bells and whistles as I would have hoped but for the most part, this Blu-ray release is definitely an improved upgrade over the 1999 DVD and the audio commentary, again...hilarious and all-out-fun.    If you are a hardcore fan, a person who enjoyed this film or someone that is curious about this release, \\"10 Things I Hate About You: 10th Anniversary Edition\\"  is definitely recommended!
0439023483|3.0|Great Idea of a Story, a Good Read, and can wait to see what happens - The story lacks details and could be so much better, Collins should do a Prelude to the Hunger Games to get a Better Picture of the Country and to what really Happened....
B0026P3G12|5.0|Very beautiful, very moving first CD. I will order the next one, when she records it, and the one after that, etc.    Roberta
B000021Y7X|5.0|this stands side by side with the best concert footage froma real band, non-mock-mentary of course, I've seen. David Byrne is riveting, and the music is great!
B00000IQV7|5.0|This is a GREAT movie!!  It has a little bit of everything.  Humor, drama, and romance.  This movie also shows what a talented actor Robin Williams is.  He shows his comic side in the movie, but you also get to see how well of a dramatic actor he can be.  The dvd also includes bonus footage with outtakes which are so fun to watch!!!  For fans of Robin Williams, this is a definate addition to your collection if you don't have it already.
0307346617|5.0|I wasn't thrilled with the Zombie Survival Guide. I appreciated how seriously the author was discussing the subject matter, but it was a little too dry for my taste. I still went ahead and read World War Z. I really loved it. The narrative is a collection of personal stories linked together by the interviewer. The stories come from survivors around the world, and each illustrates a different aspect of the war. War profiteering, zombie imitators, children left to fend for themselves, the military complex, why some governments collapse and others rally, are all explored in detail. Alternately chilling, and thought provoking; this is one of the best books I have read this year.
0061914177|5.0|I loved this book! I think alot of people who are trying to branch out and do something big, will be able to identify with Gary's story. I , myself have been trying to get something off the ground. After putting in a full work week, I actually can't wait to burn the mid-night oil on the the \\"side project\\" that I've been trying to launch. I laughed out loud when I read that you will put in a full day at work, come home, tend to your family, then work again from 9:00pm till 3:00am and love doing it. IT IS SO TRUE! That's exactly what I've been doing and it has paid off with some success. But with the information that I now have from Gary's book, I think I can take it to the next level.Implementing social media, is sure to get me the exposure that I will need to succeed on the level I am striving for. I had the drive. I had the passion. I had the desire. Now I have the information that I need to CRUSH IT!   Thank you Gary Vaynerchuk!
B002XTXFU8|5.0|My favorite film of 2009!  I love the story of transformation with the added quirkiness.  I find myself quoting lines all the time.  Tom Hardy was perfect in this role and deserved the awards and praise that he has received!  You can't help but fall in love with this character.  I can't wait to see his career explode.  Excellent filmmaking by Nicolas Winding Refn and beautifully shot and acted.  I'm no expert, just a fan.
B002UWH8P6|5.0|So when the premiere launched I did not know what to think. The next few episodes were character developers, which may not be the most exciting, but help to get you understanding a bit more of who we are dealing with. Then as the winter break approached, a few very strong episodes, with hopefully many more to come. I am very excited to see where this goes, it does not have the tounge in cheek approach of the first two, as being stranded hoping just to survive until tomorrow, does not warrant it. I think if everyone would approach this with an open mind, and not look for a true spin-off of the first two SG television shows, they will really enjoy it. One word of warning, a lot of what goes on in each episode is arc-driven, meaning picking up in episode 3 and expecting to know what is going on, is not great idea.
B001GCUNWQ|3.0|This movie is alright. Definitely not as great as the first movie, or even the second movie for that matter. My kids thought it was okay. They love the characters so that helped. Personally I think they should have stopped after the first movie, but I bought it anyways just because we have the other two movies. I got it for few dollars more than if I had rented it, so it was a pretty good deal. All in all though, I am not sure I would buy it again.
B001UV4XUG|4.0|I kind of had a sense in the direction this film would go, as the narrator at the beginning kind of spoiled it and gave me a heads up. And this isn't your typical boy-meets-girl romance comedy (if it can even be described as a romance film to begin with), nor is it really a comedy at all. It's more of a drama about love and loss, and being able to pick up the pieces of your life when things don't go quite as planned. What made this movie stand out, though, was the way certain scenes were filmed, which did well to convey the emotions of Tom Hansen's expectations and the reality of the world around him. No, this is not a masterpiece, and the film is indeed flawed by constantly shifting back and forth between days (the reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5), but this was definately one of the better dramas I have seen for quite a long while.
B000002KAT|5.0|Currently there are 274 five star reviews here on Amazon for Astral Weeks and some of them are amazingly articulate. There are also some amusing rants from obviously deaf people who wrote one star reviews as well - those poor souls should just turn in their ears... They aren't using them.<br /><br />Hey, I just bought my FOURTH copy of Astral Weeks... I bought two on vinyl, the first one, circa '68, became worn out & scratched from over use so it had to be replaced. The third copy was a CD which was cherished and well cared for. But about a year ago I moved away and left my CD collection packed in boxes in storage... So Yesterday I bought the whole thing again in MP3 format and listened to it three times in two days - it's spinning now and I was marveling yet again that someone so young could have turned in this effort! This is a timeless treasure! I came in here to Amazon to read some reviews and see... at least 275 people gave it FIVE stars... and for every one of those folks there undoubtedly ten more who just haven't taken the time to express their opinion... or they are just struck speechless by the enormity of THIS glittering jewel Mr. Morrison has given us. WOW! What a masterpiece! Okay, I'm done now. What else can one say?! Big sigh. See you on Cypress Avenue.
