B00275EGTC|5.0|\\"Moon\\" just entered that long list of movies, including [[ASIN:B00011V8IQ Alien]] and [[ASIN:B000BO0LH2 The Island]], in which the Evil Corporation treats human material as a consumable. You won't find bam-pow action in this movie. Instead, this thoughtful movie sneaks up on you and opens its secrets to you one by one.<br /><br />I don't want to give away the movies revelations, since plot drives this movie rather than action or effects. Each new discovery unfolds more of the plot, down to a few lines captured from radio broadcasts at the very end.<br /><br />Although somewhat claustrophobic, \\"Moon\\" carries itself beautifully. It echoes [[ASIN:B00009ATIX Solaris]] in some ways, but replaces a mysterious external force with an all-too-understandable human one. I recommend this highly.<br /><br />-- wiredweird
B001FB55H6|2.0|I was expecting an awesome superhero movie. Some of my friends went to see it and weren't sure how they felt about it. I know now... it sucked.     I can't think of many things I liked. I read a little bit of the comic so I could see the comparisons, and the story follows the comic closely. However, the story doesn't play out on the screen as it is essentially not very exciting. There is so much down time in the movie. The action scenes are not choreographed well. Most of them are over WAY too quickly. In a movie that runs nearly 3 hours, there are maybe 30 minutes of action at most. While I don't mind a lot of talking in a movie, all of the talking seems to have no point.    The characters also didn't speak to me. Rorschach is a good hero and fleshed out well in the film, but after the movie was over I didn't really have much interest in him anymore. Dr. Manhattan is better done in my opinion. His monologue near the end is performed very well, and while I hated his monotone voice, I felt like it was appropriate to the character. All of the other characters just seemed like they were trying too hard to act. Maybe its just me, but I really couldn't stand most of them.    I was bored for the entire length of the movie. Nothing thrilled me. If you have never read the comics, I would skip it, as it isn't a good movie.
B002F6FQGK|5.0|Florence Welch launches her shockingly adorable (and adorably shocking) assault on the US market with debut album LUNGS.  Welch has already made a big impression - visually as well as vocally - back home in the UK.  There are many comparisons that could be made to other female vocalists (Bat for Lashes and Dolores O'Riordan of the Cranberries spring to mind), but perhaps she's best described as a Kate Bush for the new millennium, especially with a song like \\"Dog Days Are Over\\" a trippy pastoral folk-rock journey (check out the video on YouTube) that served as follow-up to breakthrough single \\"Kiss With a Fist.\\" That song begins with the lines \\"You hit me once/I hit you back/You gave a kick/I gave a slap/You smashed a plate over my head/Then I set fire to our bed\\" - and ends with broken jaws and blood on the floor. New material here is all good, especially Girl With One Eye. The album ends with a great cover of The Source's \\"You've Got the Love.\\" This is a new artist with a powerful pulmonary presence and a very bright future.
B000W03RHQ|5.0|As the title suggests, I found this concert footage incredible. I've never been to a concert that had so much raw energy and passion from both the band and the audience, and I've been to a LOT of concerts over the years, including bands such as Black Sabbath, Aerosmith, Pink Floyd, U2, Scorpions, and Judas Priest (easily the best concert I've personally been to).<br /><br />The first song grips you to a point you feel like you're actually there, and from that point on you're hooked, you HAVE to see the entire show.<br /><br />A HUGE thumbs up. If Nightwish had only remained this way, they could easily have been one of the most popular and influential bands on the planet.
0307588335|1.0|The fall of Lehman was a catastrophic loss and deserves a real, reasoned and seasoned account by a knowledgeable writer. Hasn't happen yet. Will happen. And this book isn't it. As several reviewers noted the author has zero contact with any notables in senior management. Never met them. As we read through the wonder of McDonald's life and his scamming a dot com together to take advantage of the bubble--75% of the book--we realize the closest he'd ever come was when security asked him to vacate the elevator for Mr. Fuld. Lehman management ran a tremendous firm for over 2 decades--surely there's more to what went down than what this guy overheard at the bar.  McDonald has zero knowledge about anything beyond being a mid-level trader, except maybe how to pitch a very thin resume into a deal.
0307454541|3.0|I commute so I listened to the audio version, rather than read this book. It was way too long.  There was too much detail.  I was wondering why some parts were in the book at all and it kept going on and on when it should have been over.  Maybe these parts are pertinent to the next two books in the trilogy.  Lets hope.  I did order The Girl That Plays With Fire.
B000WCDI5K|4.0|The Killers made sure to infiltrate your radio before hype set in. They also made sure to expose their synthetic influences, each release from them has left listeners confused and wanting more. \\"Sawdust\\" aided fans in anticipation for their 2008 studio release \\"Day and Age\\".<br /><br />\\"Sawdust\\" was released during a critical time for the band, their first album 2004's \\"Hot Fuss\\" was met with generally positive reviews, citing it for its fun heartfelt electronic tunes. To end 2006 the band clocked in \\"Sam's Town\\" an act that would leave most artist condemned. The album was quite different then what many had expected, and the town was much grittier.<br /><br />Sawdust chainsaws right between the middle mark of the next release. A move well executed, time to have a roll call on fans. Thankfully the band had a lot of gems hidden in their closet, fan can rejoice this is a good one. What makes this B-side compilation shine is the bands knowledge and appreciation for other artist compilations.<br /><br /> Here you get new tracks, rerecorded (general and import) B-sides, covers,  unreleased tracks, and an epic length remix. Seventeen tracks at your disposal, this albums a long one, but certainly isn't the b-side filler other artist might pop out. \\"Tranquilize\\" is a new velvety track featuring Lou Reed. \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" is a phenomenal Dire Straits cover, same goes for the second track \\"Shadowplay\\" (told ya living up their influences). \\"Moving Away\\" was a track included in the 2007 film Spider-Man 3, their is some dispute over a demo take included in the movie and the glossier version on this album. \\"Daddy's Eyes\\" was a Best Buy bonus track included on top of ones purchase of the single \\"Bones\\".<br /><br />You really get your moneys worth in sheer duration, and variety. If you're not a collector it can really save you the time and money from having to hunt down all the odds and ends off of singles pressed in limited batches. Collectors can use this album as a clean reference to what they may want to obtain first.<br /><br />I currently own the vinyl copy, and an MP3 of this album. The vinyl copy is a 2 LP gatefold set, standard white inner sleeves, one insert, and a glossy cover. It is released under Island records, the innards of the gatefold are a handful of assorted pics of the band. I don't own a CD to reference any quality difference pertaining to the two formats, I'd like to believe the vinyl copy sounds better but I doubt it.<br /><br />My pick off the album is \\"Mr. Brightside\\" the remix is captivating, of epic length, and bowls a strike on a closer. Extra effects such as synthesizers and cavernous reverb add the extra little nuances needed to sound fresh like the first time we herd it.<br /><br />I'd recommended this to fans of alternative rock, basic electronic (none of that glitch stuff here), DJ's (the possibilities are near endless for this one), if like the bands I mentioned they covered (Joys Division, Dire Straits), or maybe even the Cure or or New Order fans. You know what, if you have an open mind try this out.ain first.    I currently own the vinyl copy, and an MP3 of this album. The vinyl copy is a 2 LP gatefold set, standard white inner sleeves, one insert, and a glossy cover. It is released under Island records, the innards of the gatefold are a handful of assorted pics of the band. I don't own a CD to reference any quality difference pertaining to the two formats, I'd like to believe the vinyl copy sounds better but I doubt it.    My pick off the album is \\"Mr. Brightside\\" the remix is captivating, of epic length, and bowls a strike on a closer. Extra effects such as synthesizers and cavernous reverb add the extra little nuances needed to sound fresh like the first time we herd it.     I'd recommended this to fans of alternative rock, basic electronic (none of that glitch stuff here), DJ's (the possibilities are near endless for this one), if like the bands I mentioned they covered (Joys Division, Dire Straits), or maybe even the Cure or or New Order fans. You know what, if you have an open mind try this out.
0385342020|5.0|the description of this book got my attention so i pre-ordered it and received it the day after it came out... i finished reading it in 2 days!(only because the first day was really busy and i had to keep putting the book down!) this is a great summer read, hard to put down because it keeps you so intrigued! i would definitely recommend this book!
B000AP04NI|3.0|i watched the both version and todd ao version has musch better tone,the original tone of voice and its visuals are not as bad as mentioned.
0060899220|4.0|The good:<br /><br />If you're a fan of No Reservations you'll find the writing in this book to be refreshingly similar to the narrative style in the author's show.<br /><br />The stories are very engrossing.  This book is what some would call \\"a real page turner.\\"<br /><br />You get to hear a lot about the seedy back areas of restaurants.<br /><br />The bad:<br /><br />If you're not a cook in a fancy restaurant you probably won't understand at least a third of what he's talking about and you'll spend a lot of quality time with Wikipedia.<br /><br />He uses a lot of french words and phrases where english would have sufficed just as well.<br /><br />There are a lot of fairly blatant product placements.<br /><br />A lot of what the author says seems to be embellished for dramatic effect.
020530902X|5.0|This isn't for beginners, and advanced writers will want much more - But nothing packs more useful info into one tiny book.  It's basically a list (with examples) of all the common pitfalls in the English language.
B0028T6XXY|3.0|this is not the entire concert!!  there was more talking than singing... at some point, it's really irritating.  it's a very emotional concert that shows michael buble's genuine appreciation for his fans and that was evident no matter how brief and short this concert was cut......for the dvd.  the thing of it is, i expected more concert footages and there was none.  i love michael buble but am not really loving this dvd/cd.
B002CNV52A|5.0|1st off let me say I personally love this album and   think it is their best album since A Change Of Seasons  (yes I know it is a song but I consider it  an album release). I feel let down that so   many DT fans are so harsh on the band these days.  Yes the lyrics are not as epic as I&W, Awake, ACOS, SFAM,  or SDOIT but the thing that I do love about the lyrics this  time around is the fact that they are personal...true...  actual events that happened in their lives.  Dream Theater push the boundaries and they change...  and I love that about them. They never write the same album  twice and that is a great thing. I will however agree that  I do miss John Myungs contribution to the lyrics...and now it  seems LaBrie is out of the lyrical spotlight :(  I wish they would let the whole band write lyrics  again...this makes for a more versitile album.  Perhaps they will surprise us on the next album.  Anyhow I am amazed by this album in terms of  the instrumentation and melodies.  The Peaceful Sedation part in ANTR and the end to TCOT  are by far some of the best stuff Dream Theater has ever done.  I give this album 5 stars because they seem to have come  full circle and back to a more optimistic, uplifting, and melodic approach  that they had in the early days.
B001FB55H6|2.0|I kept waiting, and waiting, and waiting for something to develop.  Then, when something finally does.....it has a bland ending.  The fact that the movie is 3 hours makes it terrible.  I love a long movie...IF it is good!
0385737424|5.0|The back of this book describes it as \\"a remarkable novel (that) takes place in the real world, but holds a fantastic puzzle at its heart.  When You Reach Me is original and a brilliant and profound delight.\\"<br /><br />Wow -- how can a book live up to that kind of hype??  I don't know, but this one did.  It's a perfect description -- this is the real world.  Twelve-year-old Miranda lives in NYC in the late 70's, and Stead's characterizations are spot on, with such observations as what the birthright of a latchkey kid is (watching TV and eating junk food).  The difficulties of navigating friendships as one grows up is also a key theme.<br /><br />It's real -- and yet not.  When Miranda begins receiving strange notes that seem to come from the future, she is unsure what it means.  Her favorite and oft-read book, A Wrinkle in Time, is frequently referenced as she tries to figure out what is happening.  The mystery unravels slowly, but the puzzle is not complete until the end of the novel, making for a very satisfying conclusion.<br /><br />If, like me, you grew up in this time, you will be as delighted as your own tween is at this novel (and my own sixth grader was indeed captivated).
B000URDEB0|3.0|I'm not going to participate in the Tarja vs. Anette debate because I feel it's irrelevant. I saw Nightwish live after Anette joined the band but before I purchased Dark Passion Play. The set at that concert included a large number of songs that were originally sung by Tarja. Anette sang them very well and proved she's capable of singing in the vocal style Nightwish originally had.<br /><br />This makes it all the more disappointing that the band decided not to continue with that vocal style. The opera-style vocals were what made Nightwish so unique and what made me so interested in hearing more. While Anette is a capable singer and I like this album, it sounds like many other mainstream metal bands. There is actually one song that I felt almost sounded like it could fit on an Evanescence album if you substituted Amy Lee for Anette (Cadence of Her Last Breath, I think).<br /><br />Overall, I do enjoy this album, and I have listened to it many times. It has excellent instrumentation and had they not changed the vocal style, I think it could've ranked as one of the best Nightwish albums ever. I will not discredit Anette or give up on Nightwish. However, I'm afraid I may not be as excited about future albums if this is the style they plan to keep.
B000PAAJYW|5.0|First off, the myriad positive and well-thought out reviews for this film are dead on.  However, so are the negative reviews, in their own way.    It's simple, really.  There are a few different catagories of film.  For example, a film such as, say, 'STAR WARS', or 'E.T.', maybe, is almost universally lauded as an enjoyable, if somewhat unchallenging, film to watch.  Then, you have films like 'MY OWN PRIVATE IDAHO' or 'MEMENTO', films that march to a beat all their own and demand that the audience pay close attention. This is the category that 'MAGNOLIA' falls under.  This is not a fun romp to injest on a random Tuesday evening.  This film demands your attention from the first moment, and doesn't let go until after the end of the haunting closing title song by the amazing Aimee Mann.  The flow and ebb of this film is akin to a heartbeat, with natural pauses, natural progressions, natural rhythms. The story and plot have been regurgitated ad nauseum, so no need to do a book report on it here.  However, the plot is so interwoven into the actions and choices of the characters in this film that it's almost secondary.  As you go through this day-in-the-life of all characters involved, and start to see how they are all connected, each revelation heart-breakingly and expertly built upon the next, untill, by the end of the film, we're left with the 2 new lovers, closing on the hope that they will not only overcome the heartache and betrayal of their earlier lives, but maybe avoid those self-same mistakes in their future.    There's one other factor that goes into watching this film that, while not taking away from it, is absolutely essential in understanding and appreciating it, and that's a certain level of experience and understanding with the lonliness that the film exudes like sweat.  Let's face it, and not to be too rude or cliche, but if a person to young to have experienced loss and betrayal, or a twenty or thirty-something person who married the first person they ever met and wrangles 3 or 4 kids while trying to keep a family together and listening to the local easy listening radio station in the mini-van with the soccer sticker on the side watches this film, there will be an immediate and visceral reaction of disdain for the film.  The issues in this film hit home the most with people who've lived a life a little outside the norm. The issues in this film are not swept under the rug, they are right there in your face, laid bare and ugly, and for some people that's just too much for them to face if they've never taken the time to face those issues in their own lives.       I'm not saying the film can't be appreciated by people I've described above; I'm merely offering my input on why some people have such a strange hatred of the film. All in all, I find this film beautiful, heartbreakingly real, and true.
B00006AW2P|5.0|There are many great reviews here, so im just gonna keep to my feelings about this album without trying to give out what's exactly on it for the first-time listeners.<br /><br />I ve owned only 2 Rolling Stones albums - one is Between the Buttons, sometimes called the most British of the Stones' albums. The other one is \\"hitmakers\\". According to Andrew Loog Oldham, this album is supposed to have had no name at all, which could ve been perfectly contrasted with barely combed, quazi-grinned Stones. Decca gave it a commercial twist and we got the Hitmakers.<br /><br />You know, when i was little, and first heard the greats, i thought everybody must sound just like that! Like the Stones, the Purple, Zeppelin etc. But no, with age i ve come to realize that not everyone at all sounds like that, in fact barely anyone can even come close to sounding \\"like that\\". Its hard to say (and i don't think im the one to nail it) what the Stones mystery all about. It has blues, roll, beat and also some sentimental vibes that we may not usually associate with the forever-smiling Mr. Jagger.
6305922756|5.0|... I would have given only one (maybe 2), but then came this gem about \\"Australia nightmare\\" (I was, about 12 years ago, under 1 year contract for working in Australia, but, after delaying, I thought that 8 months were more than I could stand and Australians' behaviour -but for very rare exceptions- should be regarded as breach of contract - anybody who's been there should understand what I mean). Most of this movie is so close to the real junk of jerks performing for dimwits it doesn't look really as a spoof, but the last 3 min. (closing credits) interviews should have been the model for the whole....
0440241901|1.0|The protagonist: is petty, immature, and mentally deficient; lacks self-confidence, self-respect, self-control, and common sense; needs a boyfriend to legitimize her existence.    The object of interest: has no standards in his women (aren't the airheads chosen by high-powered executives at least attractive?); incredibly, got to be a marketing genius and CEO without being able to see an individual's worth -- or lack thereof.    The supporting cast: feel like polyester (even cardboard has too much texture and variance).    The plot: predictable in the storyline, unpredictable in the stupidity of its details.    I love chick flicks because they celebrate our femininity, but I cannot imagine how women are giving away their hard-earned money to an author who asks them to sympathize with an idiot like this.
B000UR9T8C|3.0|The Spider-Man films are the zenith of comic book filmdom, and, save for a bit of middle filmitis, and too many villains (but the screenwriters almost reconcile this flaw anyway), this film comes damned close to being the best of the three. Its comic book sensibility (not striving to be `too' real), its writing, acting, and even special effects, add up to an enjoyable experience. Is it Antonioni, Bergman, Kurosawa? No. But, as a comic book film, it doesn't have to be (and, likely, it simply constitutionally could not be, for it is based on an art form for juveniles). Still, it's significantly better than its critics claimed, and this is likely because there is a tendency to subconsciously anticipate failure in such a successful series. The difference between bad critics and great ones is that they don't just anticipate failure, they long for it. I put my expectations aside, let the film play out, and was rewarded. What a concept!
B0026A5TQ2|5.0|I just got the the shm-cd 2009 remasters. About the music? you know it well: a classic.<br />I was wondering why the jap website announced a 2009 Yes remastering, and indeed these versions are so. Guess who did it? The same guy who did the HDCD Yes remasters just a few years back: Isao Kikuchi. I have to be honest and tell you that i have not listened to this jewels enough, just got them today, but did a Fragile one on one comparision with rhino recent remaster and this new version definitely sounds clean, solid, but better than the HDCD? hard to say.<br /><br />Yhe HDCD versions sold out a few years ago but they sound great. Now:  better than rhino versions i dont know either. I would hate to think Kikuchi was hired to revamp the old HDCD remastering for this 2009 offerings but... you know the industry, aimed at hungry fans. That would mean it is the same sh.. just repackaged.<br /><br />I found a little surprise on the shm-cd Yesshows: 2 extra tracks: I've seen all good people, and roundabout, but i don't believe these belong to the yesshows concerts.<br />The mini sleeves are precious, perfectly crafted. Top quality. All include note booklet and extra tracks.<br />By the way, the HDCD Yessongs version has 3 discs, as the original LP's, versus the 2 discs this 2009 remaster offers.
B001GZ6QC4|2.0|Yawn.<br /><br />A few years ago, despite repeated critical praise and entreaties from friends and colleagues, I gave up on ever wasting my precious time on earth watching another Steven Spielberg film. Time and again I was told, by others, 'No, this time I really mean it, it's a GREAT film,' and time and again I would leave the theater angry or nauseous. But, now I am at the point where I feel the same way about ALL Hollywood tripe. As with the Spielberg crapfests, I was told how wonderful excrement like Brokeback Mountain and Crash were. They weren't. Similarly, almost all the reviews of The Dark Knight were glowing; especially praising the performance of Heath Ledger (the cock-mumbling hero of Brokeback Mountain) as the Joker. And with his demise shortly before last year's premiere of the film, the inevitable chorus of Oscar buzz for his performance rose, with him, indeed, snagging a posthumous Best Supporting Actor nomination and win (ala James Dean). So, was this the greatest film of all time? Was Ledger's performance one for the ages?<br /><br />No.<br /><br />In fact, not even close. And, as badly hyped as the Spielberg stool has been, and as nauseating as the PC films named above were, The Dark Knight, and Ledger's performance, have to be the two most over the top unbelievably hyper-hyped things Hollywood has ever unfurled. Why? Simple. The picture barely rises above mediocre, and Ledger is nowhere near as good a Joker as Jack Nicholson was, twenty years ago, in Tim Burton's Batman.<br /><br />The Dark Knight simply goes on for far too long- 153 minutes- and gets worse with each passing minute. It goes from a possibly good film, in its first hour, to a barely passable one in the span of the last hour or so. A good 45 minutes could have been lopped off with no discernible detraction from the film. In ten years, few people will care about this film, and Ledger's Oscar win will go down as one of those great WTF? questions wiser generations will chuckle over. The Dark Knight is not good comic book stuff, it's not good sci fi, it's not a good action film. It's just hype.<br /><br />Yawn. (the sequel)book stuff, it's not good sci fi, it's not a good action film. It's just hype.    Yawn. (the sequel)
B00003CXPD|5.0|I was curious about the movie, not knowing what to expect.  I purchased it, and started it with an open mind.  I was pulled in right away!  It was a tale of a boy in a gritty, tough, motherless household, with rather strong father and older brother influences.  Billy is a real kid, trying to survive, trying to win dad and big brothers attention, and realizes he just isn't going to do it.  I was really impressed with the story around Billy....his family, the strike, school, all the things going on in his life.  He was trying to be a boxer to please his dad.  He wasn't into it, and wasn't good.    When he found ballet, he approached it from a very powerful, athletic view, and didn't seem the boy one would typically place in a \\"ballet boy\\" box.  While he is not overly handsome, he is believable.  He is caring and attractive, sensitive and wants to please, but can't.  He wants to understand his dad and brother, but doesn't.  He wants them to understand him, and they can't.  The friendship with a gay classmate is wonderful.  He really care about the boy, isn't actively pursuing him.  He portrays a boy, being a boy, who also happens to be a good dancer.   I guess, if you are looking for a young boy love story, this is not really it.  If you are looking for a strong willed boy, fighting to survive and be himself, and winning in the end, this it is.  I truly loved the movie more that I thought I would.  It went a direction I wasn't expecting, but left loving the movie.  I was really impressed with the passion of the young actor playing Billy.  A really touching story, and it was great seeing his dad becoming more of a man by letting his son follow his heart, and letting him dance.  Thank you for such a good, honest, heartwarming movie.  I'm sure all will love it too!
B0018O4YT0|4.0|Dark City is a film that will only grow with time, for not only is it a bottleneck work of art, but it's a transcendent film. Like 2001: A Space Odyssey, it transcends the limits of sci fi. Similarly, claims that the film is Gothic, noir, Expressionist, etc. are similarly shortsighted, as well are those which liken the film's narrative to Kafka or Orwell. The clear progenitor of this film is in fact Rod Serling, creator of the television show The Twilight Zone. But the film makes use of imagery from sources few have ever noticed- from campy predecessors in science fiction- the scene of Murdoch on The Strangers' wheel is highly derivative of the flying death scenes in Logan's Run, and the early scenes of The Strangers causing the city to sleep for a tuning, with cars in the middle of traffic jammed roads, is a steal straight from the opening scenes of Federico Fellini's 8½. This diversity, however, just proves a point I've long made, that greatness is a difference of kind not merely degree. Great films, and works of art, like Dark City, transcend their natal genres, and join a higher club, for they have more in common with the great films of other genres, than they do with lesser examples of their genre. And, the bottleneck status of Dark City also proves another point. German filmmaker Werner Herzog has long declared that our culture (cinematic or not) is currently starved for images, especially new images for a new age. I've never bought that, and a film like Dark City disproves Herzog's point. Images are always recycled, as are stories, and until mankind gets into outer space and experiences new things, now images are going to be relatively scarce. What I believe Herzog meant, however, was that the old images, stories, and ideas, need to be made re-new, and this is the essence of an artistic bottleneck- be it artwork or artist. The old is all filtered through that bottleneck and re-presented in new ways, mixed with new things, and, most of all, made better. As example, Shakespeare improved upon the dramatic archetypes of Greek tragedies, and the Modern Masters (Ibsen, Shaw, O'Neill) improved on Shakespeare's often one dimensional characters and fleshed them out, and set them in `real' situations, rather than the soap operatic melodramas Shakespeare could rarely transcend. It is quality, and quality alone, that is the important thing in any work of art, because that is a thing that is not ground to the subjective biases of individuals nor masses, not originality nor sentiment. And in these areas that define what makes a work of art work greatly, Alex Proyas's film Dark City transcends to that rarest circle, greatness, even as, within the limits of its genre it stands alone....nonpareil.ample, Shakespeare improved upon the dramatic archetypes of Greek tragedies, and the Modern Masters (Ibsen, Shaw, O'Neill) improved on Shakespeare's often one dimensional characters and fleshed them out, and set them in `real' situations, rather than the soap operatic melodramas Shakespeare could rarely transcend. It is quality, and quality alone, that is the important thing in any work of art, because that is a thing that is not ground to the subjective biases of individuals nor masses, not originality nor sentiment. And in these areas that define what makes a work of art work greatly, Alex Proyas's film Dark City transcends to that rarest circle, greatness, even as, within the limits of its genre it stands alone....nonpareil.
B001AVCFJM|4.0|I am a huge Trek fan.  Period.  End of sentence.  I grew up with the Classic cast.  They were my comrades and brothers.  Those actors did what no one else had done up to that point in science fiction and almost all of television.  My loyalties will always lie with them, especially the big three of Shatner, Nimoy and Kelley, may he RIP.  And Jimmy, too.  Is it the best Trek show?  No.  To me, DS9 now has that honor.  Is it amazing they made it at all, let alone started an institution and a cash cow for Paramount?  It is still The Franchise.  Hell, yes, it's amazing.  Plus the original series MEANT something both in terms of its morality play stories and the lightning in a bottle chemistry of the cast.       1987.  When Next Gen came out, I thought it was blasphemy.  How could anybody, even Roddenberry, make Trek without those seven actors/characters?  Granted, there was no way I was missing Farpoint, so my butt was in the chair and I felt a little tear when I watched De's cameo with Data. The first season of TNG was painful at times.  But spiritually Trek was in there someplace.  And once the 3rd season got going about 3/4 of the way through, Next Gen hit an amazing stretch of fine episodes.  And the quality of all three of the other shows, even Voyager, was pretty good, especially compared to other crap on TV.         Fast forward to 2009.  Trek is to all intents and purposes dead.  (Not counting my beloved Pocket Books who has kept it on life support.)  I loved Enterprise, especially the last year but I am definitely in the minority.  I loved Nemesis and consider it (and First Contact) the best of the Next Gen films.  But Trek needed a kick in the pants.         With this film, it got it.  And then some.  I don't think Pine/Quinto/Urban will ever replace the originals to people who grew up with it like I did.  BUT and this is a huge reason to buy this movie, no one could do better service to the old show than they have done and I specifically mean the castingand the acting which is as perfect as can be under the circumstances.         And if you don't know Trek at all, welcome aboard.  I am amazed at how well things turned out for the newbie.  You don't have to be a geek to like it.  We're not all geeks anyway.         To the Trekkies/Trekkers who hated it - look, I didn't like the Spock/Uhura thing AT ALL, despite the wonderful comedic payoff on the transporter pad.  The bridge was too bright and not enough primary colors.  The camera did move too much.  These are all minor things.  It's a rollicking adventure that is FUN.  Picard never had this much fun, even on Risa!  The main thing of course is everyone bemoaning the planet Vulcan and/or their mistaken belief that all of TOS is wiped out.         Well, folks, the best part of the film, the iconic Spock (I hate to call him Spock Prime when HE, Nimoy, IS SPOCK) retains all of those memories in his head.  One mind meld to Quinto or anyone else and it is all there.  Everything from The Cage up to his Romulan activities and beyond.  It's still all there.  And even if it weren't, WE still have it for ourselves.         Do you mean to say you won't get excited when that music starts in Doomsday Machine now that you've seen the film?  Or won't wish you were Kirk when he meets Marlena Moreau?  Or laugh when Bones yells, \\"Shut up, Spock!  We're rescuing you!\\"        Of course you will.  (All from Season Two if you want to brush up on TOS.)  I even forgot the Gorn and the Horta!  (Season One)       And now we'll always have Chris Pine meeting Spock Prime and uttering a word I probably can't say on here in what I'm sure will be a classic moment.  And the fight on the platform with Kirk and Sulu and Redshirt.  (Gotta say, it sucks for anybody to die but somebody HAD TO, especially in red.  Like a tradition, y'know?)  And Kirk's big Muppet hands.  And Deep Roy playing Scotty's cute little sidekick.         I like Star Wars.  But it doesn't hold a candle to Trek in the warmth department.  Action, effects, yes.  Character, script, never.  (Although Empire rocks!)  And THAT is the strength of both Trek and this movie.  In spades.         Buy it.  Wait for the sequel.  Now they can really do whatever the hell they want.  I can't wait.         The new Enterprise looks great by the way.  And this review is for the film because the disc is a few weeks away yet...  J
B000UD0ESA|3.0|All in all, Blade Runner is a passable film, a 65-70 out of 100 (mainly on the strength of its technical achievement), but nowhere is it near great, much less the masterpiece its fans claim. Like its source novel, it has a few good ideas, more bad ones, a thin plot, trite and leaden dialogue, and poor characterizations, made all the worse by mediocre to bad acting, from the always overrated Ford, to the abysmal Young, to the over the top Hauer (aptly demonstrated by his silly soliloquy) to the lifeless Hannah (both of whose portrayals do nothing to engender sympathy for the Replicants), to the quirk-infested Olmos. Add in the chemistry lacking love story between Ford and Young, and the far too long sequences designed to simply show off the visuals and inner workings of Tyrell's corporation, the muddled plot (especially in the later non-voiceover versions), and the film is a classic triumph of `style over substance.' Even that clich&eacute; grates, despite its aptness. Granted, it would not surprise me if claimants of the Deckard as Relicant posit point to the chemistry lacking love story as proof that both characters are inhuman, but Occam's Razor points to the simpler interpretation that it's just bad acting and writing.<br /><br />  Similarly, the overall film ultimately falls far short of its claimed greatness because it simply is never sure of what it wants to be- another strike against its `visionary' claims. It has too many feet on too many boats that diverge- is it sci fi, is it existential, is it film noir, is it a character study? In truth, it has elements of all these and more, but not enough of any of them to make it work as one, much less all of these. In fact, the chief failing, on all scores, for this film, is that Ridley Scott really had no vision for the project, grafting elements from Alien and many of the other films mentioned in this essay, trying to take what worked from each, and ending up with a film that, in many ways, is a mess, and a dull one, at that. Yes, it has plenty of visions, but no single vision; and in its own myopia, Blade Runner's dystopia founders. And I doubt any further cuts or recuts can retire that ill.s, it has plenty of visions, but no single vision; and in its own myopia, Blade Runner's dystopia founders. And I doubt any further cuts or recuts can retire that ill.
B0000DYKET|5.0|If there's a few drawbacks then why not 4 or even 3 stars?  Well, let me explain...    These sandals are fantastically comfortable and if you get the bison leather, they're actually stylish enough to wear out (well, stylish enough for me, anyways...some might disagree).      Comfort is a 10 out of 10, without question.  Really, really nice.      Convenience is a 8 out of 10.  Even with the leather ones, you can get them wet, get them muddy, jump in a lake, do whatever you feel like with them.  All it takes is a spray down to get stuff off of them.      They get an 8 because of the funk factor - they need a soap every once in a while because they will get a little ripe.  If your feet sweat, these sandals don't have quite enough ventilation to let it all out.  The footbed is apparently anti-odor and, all-a-round, is about as good as you can get.  If you have sweaty feet, you'll need to wash them, but washing them is easy.  The lack of ventilation is what must be traded for the support and comfort these sandals offer.  It's really not that big of a deal.    Use for hiking - well...that depends where you're hiking.  Trails and rivers and things, they'd probably be 10/10.  If, however, you are hiking anywhere with sand you need to leave these at home and herein lies the one flaw with the sandal:  stuff that gets in the sandal does NOT get out.    This is because of the toe design which is great for, well, not hurting your toes.  But when a rock gets caught in there, you've got to stop and take off the sandal to get it out.  If you don't mind stopping occationally to take them off and shake them out, there are no problems.      This flaw also brings up one other minor, but possibly relevant, point to a certain demographic.  If you are diabetic and are attracted to these sandals because of the toe guard, you need to look elsewhere.  The toe guard is great, but if something gets caught in there, it might not be noticed and a rock in this sandal all day could do serious damage to diabetic feet.    Other than the rock thing, I couldn't ask for anything more.      With regard to the bison sandal - after they get wet a few times, the leather will start to fade a bit.  If you like the color it fades to then never mind.  But if you want them to look the way they did, I put some Doc Martins wonder balsam on them and got the same dark brown color they came with, no problems.
B000VPUIA6|2.0|Let me state, up front, that I have never been a huge The Beatles fan. I acknowledge them as a fine pop quartet, along the lines of The Dave Clark 5 or the musically much better The Zombies or The Yardbirds, but I have never swooned over them as the greatest rock band of all time- despite sales records, because, they were pop, not rock. Rock was The Who, Led Zeppelin, The Rolling Stones, Ten Years After, The Doors, Black Sabbath, or Deep Purple. But, even were one to accept them as the greatest pop group of all time, their film work has to be considered distinct. Prior to watching their second live action film, the color film Help!, I had seen, as a child, the psychedelic cartoon Yellow Submarine (which I recall as mildly diverting), and their first live action film, the black and white A Hard Day's Night, which, while nowhere near great cinema, was somewhat better than this film, for a) it had a real (if thin) plot, b) featured better acting by the supporting cast and even the boys, and c) actually had some real humor.<br /><br />Help!, by contrast, is simply a bad film. One might argue that, a generation pre-MTV, it is a great extended musical video, with nonsensical non-musical interludes, thus it is a seminal work in that genre. If so, I will concur, but cinematically, while there are many stylistic innovations employed, from the use of color tinting to choppy and quick edits, etc., it simply has no tale to tell save this: an Indian cult obsesses over a large red ring that a female fan sends Ringo Starr as a gift. The cult travels to India to a) either get the ring, or b) sacrifice Ringo if the ring cannot be removed from his finger. That's it. Granted, a mad scientist and his assistant, as well as an Inspector and his crew from Scotland Yard, join in the chase. But, that's it. The film ends with the ring coming off Ringo's finger, the boys escaping, and the rest of the cast chasing each other.<br /><br />Was Help! a film that had influence on the future musical scene? Of course, for this film is really the birth of the music video a generation before MTV (the film was made and released in 1965), and, in retrospect, it has been far more influential- both musically and in terms of the marketing of music (it's essentially one long advertisement), than its predecessor, A Hard Day's Night. But, it's simply not a good a film as their first one, which itself was only mildly entertaining, filmically. As a comedy, Help! is just not funny. Compared to films from great comedy teams, the laughs are sparse, and the skits lame blackouts, unable to sustain laughter upon rewatch- assuming one even laughs the first time the skits are seen. So, beware, if you are anything but a die-hard fan of The Beatles. Help! really needs it. Perhaps I should have stated that up front?e, for this film is really the birth of the music video a generation before MTV (the film was made and released in 1965), and, in retrospect, it has been far more influential- both musically and in terms of the marketing of music (it's essentially one long advertisement), than its predecessor, A Hard Day's Night. But, it's simply not a good a film as their first one, which itself was only mildly entertaining, filmically. As a comedy, Help! is just not funny. Compared to films from great comedy teams, the laughs are sparse, and the skits lame blackouts, unable to sustain laughter upon rewatch- assuming one even laughs the first time the skits are seen. So, beware, if you are anything but a die-hard fan of The Beatles. Help! really needs it. Perhaps I should have stated that up front?
B00260HH3K|5.0|I am an avid fan of the cartoons, and while this does take artistic license, I think it preserves the spirit of the characters.  How are you supposed to take hundreds of hours of episodes and boil them down into a 90 min movie?  The effects weren't cheesey like the nerdy ass fanboys say.  The biggest mistake FOX made was doing absolutely no advertising (there were no previews on TV in my area), and it was only in theaters for a week! (i went to try to see it the next week)  I hope people can put aside their preconceptions and see it with an open mind.  I would like to see this catch on in cult status like Donnie Darko or True Romance and do well enough on DVD so they make a sequel (Hopefully with Vegeta!)
B000002KNU|5.0|Before I heard this, my friend gave me Fear of Music, which had a few spectacular songs, but overall was rather weak.  Then I bought this one, and boy was I amazed.  I was told that David Byrne can't sing, but he seems to master the art of hiding it in this album.  There are a great deal of catchy, upbeat tunes on this, and this should definitely be a starter for those who wish to grab the most representative work of TH's career.  One of many bands I wish I knew about when they were still active.  I beg them for a reunion tour, if the day ever comes.
0439023491|5.0|Catching Fire is the second book in the Hunger Games trilogy.  The story follows the events after Katniss and Peeta get back from the Hunger Games as victors.  An uprising across the districts is brewing all because Katniss defied the Capitol by forcing them to allow both herself and Peeta to live.<br /><br />The first question I wanted answer was who does Katniss choose?  Peeta, the loveable baker who has demonstrated his devotion to Katniss time and time again?  or Gale, her childhood best friend who she grew up with?  I'm personally a Peeta fan myself...In this respect the book is kind of frustrating as Katniss struggles to come to a decision.<br /><br />One plot-twist was so aggravating, that I didn't want to continue reading it.  However, then I realized that I had to finish reading it because I was dying to find out what happened next.  The aggravation lasted for all of five minutes.<br /><br />Anyway, had the book been less action-packed and less creative, than its predecessor, I would have been admittedly disappointed, but decidedly understanding.  Often times, after the success of the first book in a series, the author gets this attitude of do-no-wrong and their subsequent publications are not up to par with the original (See the Twilight Saga and Eragon).  However Suzanne Collins has managed to write a gripping novel with intense action, gore, unpredictability, and surprises that is rivaled only by the first.  Readers will not be disappointed and will be begging for the release of the final chapter in the trilogy.
B00005QGAV|5.0|The music is great, but the case arrived damaged by the mail system. It wasn't packaged very well.
B001993Y2C|1.0|If you are excited for good quality blu-ray discs of a truly entertaining series, look no further. But that is ALL you will be getting - a stack of discs that I recommend you find your own way to store.    I give the set 1 star not for transfer quality (excellent) or any misgivings about the series itself (also excellent) but to make a point about the packaging.    The packaging for this box set is an industrial design major's wet dream, and a collector's nightmare.    I'm someone who likes keeping all my DVDs on a shelf in a neat row. I loved when DVD packing went super-thin. This mess is 1' x 1' and won't fit compactly on a shelf. I assumed I'd be able to take the boxes out and display them separately, throwing out the monster box they came in (that I probably wasted a good 20% of my money on).    While that is possible, the boxes are flimsy cardboard filled with flimsy cardboard sheaths folded in on themselves housing the 4-6 discs inside. These sheaths are already bending under the weight of the discs and distorting the paper boxes. Without a booklet, it's impossible to find the extras - which are the reason I purchased the set - without searching or going on the internet, which shouldn't be a requirement. And without any form of \\"housing\\", I can already see the discs falling out as I flip between them.    The Cylon - another 10% of my purchase price - is a ridiculous extra that I already have plans for a youtube parody of its \\"other uses\\". Great for collectors, but for someone who simply wanted a thin, FUNCTIONAL set of all the discs to enjoy the series, I wish there had been a \\"non-collectors\\" option.    It's too bad there isn't a way to purchase the individual seasons on Blu-Ray or I would be returning this set to buy them separately.
B001AVCFJM|2.0|I enjoyed watching \\"Not Star Trek\\". The story didn't make much sense, but who cares. \\"Not Star Trek\\" is still an \\"ACTION-PACKED ROLLERCOASTER RIDE\\". Lots of shaky cam, things blowing up and don't forget Spock's homemade strawberry Jell-O.     Antonio Banderas needs to play Con in the next installment of the FRANCHISE!!
B000ZEE3I6|3.0|I left the midnight showing of `Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince' disappointed. Few critics consider any Harry Potter movie a masterpiece, but I enjoy every one. Understandably, significant scenes in the books must be altered or deleted in the film version. However, the changes made in this movie make the film far more tedious than the methodical but intriguing sixth book. The film's portrayals of some aspects of the story are spot on, but the film fails to build up to a satisfying climax.    The movie begins with a poignant shot of the young wizard Harry Potter being photographed by journalist after the traumatic death of his godfather Sirius Black. Further successfully sinister shots of graying sky ensue as black wisps soar through a skull-shaped cloud.    Unfortunately, this dark mood is never matched during the rest of the film. A sense of danger is never developed, and personal conflicts are far less acutely depicted than the outstanding special effects. Harry (played by Daniel Radcliffe) has even less personality than usual, and his love story with Ginny Weasley (Bonnie Wright) is ridiculous and unrealistic - even for a story about wizards. Instead of teenage sexual tension and a likeable, bold heroine, we get a temptress who is suddenly in love with Harry because ... the script said so. Ginny whispers lines as though she is some sort of teenage temptress, yet there is no chemistry there.    Hermione (Emma Watson) is yet again made to look very much like a stereotypical girl, weeping over her good friend Ron's (Rupert Grint) apparent rejection of her amorous affections (while she is emotional but far more plucky and resilient in the books). Much more interesting than Ron, Hermione, Harry, and Ginny are the two other love interests, Lavender Brown (Jessie Cave) and Cormack McLaggen (Freddie Stroma). Brown's infatuation with Ron is amusingly over the top, but Stroma's brief role as the boorish Cormack pursuing Hermione is absolutely hysterical.     MichaelGambon's caring portrayal of headmaster Dumbeldore is gently moving, and Jim Broadbent is excellent as Slughorn, giving depth to Harry's well-intended but batty and deeply flawed potions teacher. As Professor Snape, Alan Rickman is as always subtle, but his portrayal differs a bit from the book, arguably giving less impact to the characters ultimate role in the story. The death-eater and werewolf Fenrir Greyback (Dave Legeno) makes an appearance and looks fantastically threatening. Unfortunately, he is not given a single line or action to convey any aspect of his depraved nature. The character of Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton) has vastly improved from his previous sniveling incarnations. In nearly every scene Felton and cinematographers convey his isolation, and he is as pitiable and dangerous as any terrified adolescent criminal.     Other highlights of the film include flashbacks about the evil Voldemort, known in the past as Tom Riddle. The two actors who portray him not only greatly resembled each other, but are spot on in their depictions of snakelike evil. The youngest Tom's (Hero Fiennes-Tiffin) subtle expression of delight at a display of power is chilling. The older Tom (Frank Dillane) possesses a sinister intelligence and serpentine manner.     `Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince' was probably the most difficult of the series to adapt because of its lack of a driving plotline, and the movie is thematically unfocused and at best uneven. Though I've read the books, I was frequently confused. There is much potential here, but little payoff.
055380684X|1.0|Just read the book, it isn't anything new.  In fact the John Wooden system and the system used by the Russian tennis school, and every other story has been told a thousand times.  It is the same old concept we all know already.....the people at the top of their professions work the hardest, a kid must have some motivation to start down a path, great coaches and teachers gradually build a wall of skills or knowledge by repeating things until the kids get them and then move on, and you must practice just at the edges of what you can already do to truly get better.  The 10000 hour theory has also been shown over and over again in various books.<br /><br />Nothing new here, too much self promotion for the author and his family....save your money.  Its all common sense things that we all know already.
B0026OE2NY|5.0|Wow! My jaw was on the ground throughout this documentary.  It was shocking, stunning, gut-wrenching, unbelievable, and confirmed a lot of what I suspected- we're on a crash course with hell and can't wait to get there. Some would probably call this a dooms day film. I wish I could resign myself to its statements, but we see the signs every day and on every documentary about losing bees and losing rain forests. We don't call these people slaves anymore because we pay them off as we move into their dirt-poor countries and bore away at their piece of Mother Earth. Don't think this is going to be just a pretty film of scenes from the air. The photography is the stunning part, but the script is the gut-wrenching  and shocking part.  This documentary is meant to invoke something from deep down.  Whether it's disgust, outrage, self-loathing, pitty, courage, hope; I suppose that is up to the viewer. Whatever feeling it conjurs up for you, this documentary is a call to action.
B000YIGNKE|4.0|'Persuasion' ranks as one of my all-time favourite romances. It's an absolutely beautiful story of a woman, Anne, reluctantly turning her back on love, then being presented with a possible second chance years later. It's also a story of a man, Frederick, fighting his feelings for a woman, and slowly losing that fight.    I've seen the 1995 adaptation on more than one occasion, and ultimately, I have to say that I prefer the 2007 edition. Don't get me wrong -- I do like the earlier version, but I love this one. Here are my primary reasons.    1. The Sense of Consequence    I think this version does a fantastic job of centralizing Anne's feelings. It truly conveys the effects of an old loss, and renewed pain. I very much enjoyed her occasional narration, which placed a good amount of focus on her emotions -- the regret, the longing, the pondering. This sense of consequence isn't just limited to the narration, though. It's present in every subtle look of undying love that Sally Hawkins (wonderfully cast) gives Rupert Penry-Jones. Her expressions constantly tell a story, being sorrowful at certain times, while bordering on hopeful at others. Likewise, I also enjoyed Rupert's presentation of Captain Wentworth's pain. Seeing Anne again has brought him to a state of constant restraint and false apathy. Yet all the while, little hints of his true feelings begin to escape him. Of course, there's also the matter of Anne's second chance. This is highlighted by scenes in which she stirs in denial, dares to be wishful, gets pursued by another, and dreads the seemingly inevitable moment in which Frederick will wed someone else.    In short, I loved watching the many effects that this relationship had on the characters. That level of consequence caused me to be more engaged in the story.    2. Dialogue    I absolutely love the way 'Persuasion' is written -- in any form or version. Sometimes it's fun to just sit back and listen to the beauty of the English language when written andspoken well. I happen to prefer this version due to the added element of Anne's narration, along with some of the acting (particularly Tobias Menzies as William Elliot, Joseph Mawle as Harry Harville, Anthony Head as Sir Walter, and Alice Krige as Lady Russell).    3. Great Music    Another engaging element to the story is the excellent music composed by Martin Phipps. The tunes are beautifully emotional, and the man behind them is one of the best in the business.    Overall, this will always be one of my favourite films, and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys romances, classic or contemporary.
1577311523|5.0|This was not my first time reading this book, I borrowed it from a friend the first time. I find it helpful in the pursuit of a healthier way of thinking and being.
0312360266|5.0|Ok, so the first 30 or so pages didn't really capture me from the get-go. Mostly teenage babel that deterred me a little. However, the story grasps you after that and you find yourself in a book that mixes Twilight basics of vampires, blood-lust and plain LUST with Harry Potter's \\"teenager who does not fit in\\" and magical schooling. Quite the perfect mix for someone who likes both books. For those who have imaginations like I do, you will love it!<br />Fast read and keeps you page-turning. My only drawback is the \\"over the top\\" teenage language. But hey, I'm not a teenager anymore and this book is YA. So what do I know!
B001DEVZUG|3.0|Annie really let us down with this offer. The music was great but the the DVD videos were absolutely horrible. I would have given this 5 stars if there was just another CD with more music. I was disappointed.
0321543726|2.0|This book is not for beginners! That's not the book says, but I'm saying this because I'm a beginner and I bought this book with high expectations but I couldn't understand it well.<br />The book is written in NOT very friendly and easy language, there are so many words that are not common for a new learner. Although after reading first few pages It seemed to me that the author tried very hard to make this book as easiest as possible but he couldn't do that. However the presentation of the book is very good and there are so many color pages as well as color pictures and nice illustrations but the definitions and wording is not really clear, at least not for me.<br />Everyone who is new and want to learn C++, I would rather highly recommend another book which is [[ASIN:0321531345 Problem Solving with C++, 7th Edition]]
B00023GGFI|5.0|This is johnny winter's best album. It has never gotten the respect it deserves. It belongs with John Mayall and the Bluesbreakers as the best white blues rock expressions of the sixties. The remastering is perfect. Just buy it.
B001U0HBQ0|3.0|I won't say this movie was awful, because it wasn't, but I had major problems with the story.  I understand that the main character was aging backwards, but does that have to mean that he is born \\"mature\\" and stays that way?  Have these writers never heard about character development.  If the main character doesn't grow, change, then a lot of exciting things better be happening all around him.  The choices that the writers made were poor.  In one of the user reviews someone points out the lack of conflict, which is one of the big problems.  I'll put it a bit more simply.  If this guy were aging forward, would there be any reason to make a movie about him?  No!  Even Fitzgerald's original story is more interesting.  It has Benjamin behave his age as he grows younger.  He is curmudgeonly as an old man, full of himself in middle age and flirty and stupid in youth.  He lives his life instead of staying basically the same aloof blank throughout.  My problem with this guy is that he doesn't react to the things happening in his life - i.e. he doesn't behave like a human being.  Everything gets tied up in neat little packages.  He leaves his wife, but she finds a \\"good man\\" to help her raise their child.  His lover swims the English channel as an old woman.  He \\"forgives\\" his father.  When he is dying his wife is almost magically there to take care of him.  It's too neat.  The special effects are good - my has CGI come a long way - but they're good in Transformers too and no one would claim that's a good movie.  But Brad Pitt is HOT and that does help.  So not a complete waste of time.
0743496736|4.0|Jodi Picoult, I love your books, but honestly? You need to work on your endings sometimes. It is heart-wrenching for me to read a book that is good all the way through (for the most part) and then have an ending that leaves much to be desired. That is how so many of Picoults books are. It is like she is trying too hard for that twist at the ending and it doesn't always fit right with the rest of the book. That is how I feel about this book. This is EXACTLY how I feel about \\"My Sister's Keeper\\" as well. I did just read \\"Change of Heart\\" and that was better for me.
B0002XNSY0|5.0|I love political satire and it doesn't get any better than this! Having Peter Sellers in the mix (in three roles no less) just makes it that much better. I knew he was funny and could pull off a foreign accent in the Panther films but to pull off British, American and German? The man's a genius! One of my favorite lines of the film is when he tells the General and Russian Ambassador:<br />\\"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!\\"<br />The supporting cast is stellar as well; George C. Scott and Sterling Hayden are excellent as the war crazed and psychotic generals. Slim Pickens is outrageous as he rides his bomb to oblivion. The innuendo throughout is quite amusing because you have to be quick to pick up on them, like the names of characters, phallic images and so on. The idea of \\"Nuclear Armageddon\\" has aged little with the passage of time, even after the Cold War has ended. The way this film holds up today is incredible (and judging from our current relations with North Korea, couldn't be summed up better than with this).
B00005J6UP|5.0|The Goonies (1985) was a five star film experience for me and my two young boys back in 1985 when we first saw it in the theater. Now that over 20 years have gone by and my boys are grown, I occasionally watch it on DVD and in retrospect, I am a little surprised at some of the lines. I know this film is a cult movie and it probably deserves it, but really didn't see the need for some of the language, like \\"Oh Sh-t\\" from Chunk, and so on.<br /><br />My kids really enjoyed this film and wound up being \\"influenced\\" by the flick in a few ways.  My wife and I bought a pirates map on fake parchment for them which we had framed and placed in their room which we called a Goonies Map.  For a period, my younger boy was interested in pirates, pirate ships and coins, and the family even wound up staying at Pirates Cove (a hotel which featured a full size pirates ship) on a trip indirectly because of this darn film.<br /><br />That being said, when I screen this old movie with subtitles on I am surprised at some of the things the Goonies say in the course of the entertaining racket. Just an observation, that's all. All in all, a great film and I would still vote it five full stars.
0736063684|4.0|If I were a serious weight trainer, dealing with the desire to build muscle and deal with using my muscles properly, this would be a great book.  As an old guy interested in implementing a strength training regime, it was not terribly helpful.
0312370849|5.0|My mom read this book this winter, crying half the time, and told me it was about this little boy who got locked in a cabinet during a nazi raid...<br /><br />Imagine my surprise when I read the same book and found it was about how the modern French try to reconcile their past with the Nazis.<br /><br />This book was a wonderful balance of the personal story of our heroine, a journalist who is covering a roundup of french jews on the anniversary, the french culture (I'm assuming it's close to truth, which is rather scary!), and a terrible tragedy that haunts three families.<br /><br />I loved the way that the story was paced, the way the characters were drawn (for example, you'd be inclined to despise the philandering husband, until you really feel sorry for him) and just the way it was told. Because, through all the tragedy, it held hope.<br /><br />In particular, I liked the ending, which, surprise surprise, I managed to not read until the end! This is rare for me. But the book kept me so wrapped that I didn't have time to flip back.<br /><br />Fantastic read, would highly recommend, even if it makes you cry.<br /><br />(*)>
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Our family has really enjoyed this video, more than anyother video.  The scenes are  incredible and breathtaking at times too.  We loved it so much, we bought several as   Christmas presents for our extended families scattered throughout the country.  They  were very happy with their gifts.   Thanks for making this memorable videos.  Can't wait to see more...Bud & Sandy Stahler
B0026OE2NY|5.0|Tothe spectics...this  unique and colorful  film  puts all written and statistic into a movie form that will inform  you of things that you  otherwise wouldnt care  about...a must see..in order  to educate  the public....
B00288KNJU|4.0|I loved this movie!!! It was so creepy and definatly a Neil Gaimen story. The story was very well written, and had that \\"the grass is always greener\\" metaphor. It was amazing to watch in 3D, the effects were stunning and not cheesy as other 3D movies have been in the past. It stands up well in 2D also which makes this worth the purchase.     Now, why I think it is not as much a famliy movie as lead to believe. I have my first child on the way and I tend to view things a little diffenetly. This is not something I am going to let my kids watch till they are much older. It is very creepy and dark which might not be sutable for young children. There is also a scene were the two elderly ladies put on a theater type show and one of them is practically naked with what seems like paint or pasties covering the sensitive areas. I almost felt that for that alone it should have warrented a PG-13 rating. My suggestion and it is only a suggestion but I would not let my kids watch it without viewing it first myself. When my son is born It will be several years later before I let him watch this.     Wonderful movie, amazing picture quality even in 3D and just an all around great purchase. I highly recomend it.
0743497465|5.0|Others do a better job in describing the book than I could.  I will simply say that I liked this one the best of all his books and I LOVED the Da Vinci Code.
B002C2XXJY|5.0|Demi Lovato's sophomore album proves that she has grown up so much since we first saw her on \\"Camp Rock.\\" Demi really put her all into this album and made it quite a pleasure for people to listen to and enjoy. Here is my review on this album:    1.) Here We Go Again: Great, catchy song that you can listen to over and over  2.) Solo: This is one of the songs of the album that brings out the rocker chick in Demi  3.) U Got Nothin' On Me: Cool, mellow song that's great to listen to whether you're in the car or at home  4.) Falling Over Me: Another nice mellow song to listen to. You can just sit back and relax when you listen to this song.  5.) Quiet: Another song that brings out Demi's inner rocker chick  6.) Catch Me: Sweet, soothing guitar ballad that has a wonderful, relaxing melody  7.) Every Time You Lie: One of my favorite songs on the album. It's got this wonderful soulful groove and it's the kind of music Demi should have on future albums  8.) Got Dynamite: Cool song that's great to listen to  9.) Stop The World: This song has kind of a John Mayer-like vibe which is exactly what Demi said would be on this album  10.) World of Chances: A wonderful sweet ballad that could possibly become Demi's second single  11.) Remember December: This song is a mixture of Paramore and the Veronicas. It's got a cool melody that's fun to listen to  12.) Everything You're Not: Another catchy rock song that's good to listen & rock out to  13.) Gift of a Friend: This is one of the bonus tracks on her album. This is a sweet, soothing song with a precious melody  14.) So Far, So Great: You might know this as the theme song to Demi's tv show, \\"Sonny With a Chance.\\" It's a cute, catchy song, but if you listen to it too much, you'll probably get annoyed with it easily. (Agree or disagree with this one. I don't care)
0316044695|5.0|Thanks for sharing this story with us!  Whatever you think about the politics of this story shouldn't matter. Luttrell tells it like it is and how it happened.  Real life and death considerations and the possible consequences. I enjoyed this book and never had known about the help Lutrell received from the Afghans which is the best part of the story. Thanks for sharing this with us Marcus!!
B000F8DB4O|5.0|Both musically and sonically, this is a magnificent recording. One cut in particular stands out as an example of how good this CD is, \\"To the End of the World.\\" Starting off quietly, the song builds, and builds, and builds--and then there comes a thunderous climax, a bolt from the blue, and then back into quietude, something like a little symphony for electric jazz ensemble, a masterly composition, a wonder. This is a CD you will find yourself playing over and over, and over and over again, and you'll want to live there, too.
B0026OR1UK|4.0|I enjoyed this book. The author does a great job of adding in the right mix of science for the academics and anecdotes for the casual reader. If you enjoy the Malcolm Gladwell books, you're probably going to enjoy this one as well. He does a good job of weaving a story that builds on his thesis and has numerous call backs to his case examples. Don't expect this book to offer the key to solve your life's problems, but it can give you specific ways on how to improve yourself in any area of your life.
B00005JH7D|3.0|Maybe I'm getting senile, but I seem to think that this recording won a Grammy. Half of me feels a moral obligation to research that hypothesis and report on the award in more detail, but the other half just doesn't really care. Veteran studio bassman Mazrcus Miller has assembled an all-star cast of supporting musicians for this recording, folks such as Hubert Laws (remember him from the late `60s-early `70s, when he seemed to play on everything?), Branford Marsalis, Lenny White,  Kenny Garrett, Fred Wesley, and Herbie Hancock.<br /><br /> The recording is clean and powerful, with plenty of snap, crackle, and pop, and certainly the musicianship is beyond reproach. If you are into fusion funk/jazz, this is certainly a remarkable recording. But when all is said and done--I'm sorry, I have to say this--it is just too slick, too commercial, too...<br /><br /> Let's just say this is one of those recordings I can respect (sort of--I'm trying my best to be nice here) more than love. Those with differing tastes will certainly disagree.<br /><br /> One more thing. Put your shirt on, man!
B001FB55H6|1.0|This movie should have been Rorschach from beginning to end.  It should have been a detective story with Rorschach as the main and only character.  It should have been told from his view point and no one else's.  That is all it should have been.  Trying to follow the novel was a big mistake by the director.  The movie is too long and too boring.  Rorschach was the only character that offered anything to this film.  I would have loved to have followed him for 2 and half hours.  I don't understand hollywood.  When they have a good story, from comic books and television series, behind a character or group of characters(examples being X-Men, Superman, Batman, Transformers, Daredevil, Electra, Ghost Rider, Fantastic Four and Wolverine) they don't follow it at all whatsoever.  They could take any comicbook issue or any animation movie done on Transformers and follow that story and the details in look and acting of those characters and tranfer it to big screen and it would be a masterpiece.  Then when they have a novel that is waaaaaaay tooooo biiiiiig to fit into 3 or even 4 hours they follow it to the tee and try to cram it all in and destroy the film.  Hollywood is backwards my friends.  They are horrible.  The europeans and asians are far superior movie makers than the dimwitted idiots at hollywood.  My theory is that if your not going to do something right then don't do it at all.  I think hollywood ought to follow my advice.
B00000IARU|3.0|I was in my 20s when this recording first came out, and I loved it. It spoke directly to my heart. Now it has been released in a splendid-sounding gold version by DCC; however, when I listened to it at 50, Blue struck me as almost laughably self-absorbed, and although I still enjoyed some of the striking melodies, this was not a CD to which I return very often. My thought was that listeners would have to be either young and self-absorbed or old and nostalgia-riddled to really savor this disk; to you folks, I recommend this excellent DCC remastering with enthusiasm.<br /><br />Postcript:  Now that I am 62, maybe I would give it 3.5 stars.  It is a very striking album, and I can understand why people are so passionate about it.  I just find it strange -- and a bit sad, actually -- that if you give something three stars on Amazon, people seem to think you are attacking them personally. (That remark is not based on just this review.) My original closing sentence was harshly worded, I admit, so let's try this one instead:  If you really are a devoted fan of Joni Mitchell, I recommend this excellent DCC remastering with enthusiasm (but personally, I would not pay 67 bucks for it -- which Amazon indicates is the current going price as of May 2012).<br /><br />Another postscript:  It is now December 2013, I am now 64, and the price of the DCC version of \\"Blue\\" on Amazon has doubled to $135+.  I wish my 401(k) were increasing at such a rate!
B00278U1W0|4.0|Great performance..but the sound is lousy....like a weak normal DVD...if u want to hear crisp fantastic blueray sound...check out Chicago/EWF...picture perfect sound..each instrument is clear and heard...much much differnt than the muddy sound in the Clapton/Winwood blueray...
0385342020|3.0|Sophie Kinsella's most recent work is fun, light and cute, but it's not her best work by a long shot.  I don't think it is anywhere near as good as The Undomestic Goddess or Remember Me?  That said, I DID like the premise of the book and enjoyed it on a certain level, but some of it was just too over-the-top silly and embarrassing to read.  I think she missed an opportunity to write a more heart-felt story.  I also wish all of her heroines were not interchangable - they're all Becky-clones, and they're all irritating after a while.  One ditzy heroine can be funny but a whole raft of them?  Come on, let's see a little more imagination! Sadie was pretty irritating most of the time, too.  There were some funny and touching moments, though, so it wasn't a complete waste of time.  I'm just not sure I will buy her next book in hardcover; I'll probably wait for the paperback or get it through my book swap.
B001PPGAJY|5.0|A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House. Rouge (Anna Paquin) and Bobby Drake a.k.a. Iceman (Shawn Ashmore) seem to be having a beautiful relationship together and Logan a.k.a. Wolverine (Huge Jackman) is still struggling to discover his true past and to find out on something on a man named William Stryker (Brian Cox) who made his adamantium skeleton and claws, now after the threat at the white-house it seems humans seem to hate mutants more. Now Stryker has terrorized the X-men mansion and kidnaps some of the mutant students including Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart) himself so he can learn the secrets of the computer Cerebro so that Stryker can make a version of Cerebro himself to harm all mutants. Now it's up to Cyclops (James Marsden), Jean Grey (Famke Janssen), Storm (Halle Berry) and now teamed up with Magneto (Ian Mckellen) and Mystique (Rebecca Romjin) to try to save both humanity and mutants alike from this new menace.<br /><br />A sequel that surpasses on a great original but makes it better. This movie features more mutants such as Lady DeathStrike (Kelly Hu), Pyro (Aaron Standford), Kitty Pryde (Katie Stuart) and of course Alan Cumming as Nightcrawler. Bryan Singer returns as producer, story writer and director as he reunites with Marvel Films after collabrating on the great original for it's more longer, more action packed and more cerebral then the first movie. Here this movie knows how to surpass the original with more psychological and more allegory on racism like the original on how to be accepted as a different person, it's an emotional funny and thrilling ride that i recommend.<br /><br />This 2-Disc Blu-Ray offers the movie in beautiful HD including some outstanding sound as the extras include audio commentaries, featurettes, pre-production featurettes, deleted scenes, documentary on behind the scenes of this extraordinary sequel, still galleries and trailers.traordinary sequel, still galleries and trailers.
B000MRAAJW|1.0|This is the only DVD I've received that will \\"not\\" play on my new HD LG TV.
B001993Y2C|1.0|We just purchased Battlestar Galactica, the \\"Complete\\" Series, or, rather, Battlestar Galactica, the Incomplete Series, because The Plan, which apparently comes out the end of October, is not included. No room in the guaranteed to scratch Blu-Ray case either, even if you purchase the new disc.  I suppose, when The Plan does release, they will come out with the Battlestar Galactica, the More Complete Series for hundreds of dollars more.  Fans want the series for the episodes, not for some idiotically-conceived package design. But thank you so much for the useless Cylon toy. What the frak!
B001QTXM5Y|3.0|For years, many had wanted to make Alan Moore's critically acclaimed graphic novel Watchmen into a moving picture and, for years, many had wanted to spend their hard-earned dollars to see it done, but it was always one of those projects that was said to be impossible to transfer.  That is, until director Zack Snyder took the reins.<br /><br />Though, it is obvious here that Snyder was so worried about pissing off the super-fans that he made this film a near carbon copy of the novel.  While the film isn't horrible, it could have benefited from some poetic license, provided said license was properly executed.  It seems that Snyder abstained from tweaking anything for fear of ruining everything, unless he just felt that the source material was so perfect that no edits were necessary, which I doubt.<br /><br />The result is that Watchmen is that rare film that most folks can agree on in that age-old debate of whether or not to see the film before or after you've read the book.  Here, it actually doesn't matter because they are, for the most part, one and the same.  There is nothing new here that wasn't printed there, save for the edited ending.  (SPOILER: Which the updated ending truly doesn't compare to a series of breathtaking, wordless panels consisting of people becoming permanent shadows.)<br /><br />Even the dialogue here remains mostly unchanged, which is perhaps the film's biggest tell, as is the incredibly awkward and seemingly drawn out love scene between Laurie Jupiter/Silk Spectre II (Malin Ackerman) and Dan Dreiberg/Nite Owl (Patrick Wilson).  Or perhaps it just seems so drawn out because of how incredibly awkward it is.<br /><br />While the graphic novel has won numerous awards (including the Hugo award in 1988), its adaptation seems like it was peeled off of the page and dropped directly into a film canister.  Moore declined to have his name attached to this project because he felt that no film adaptation could ever do his work justice. While that may seem a bit pretentious (come on, do you really believe that of the millions of people who possess a knack for film-making, none of them could ever get the adaptation right?), I tend to agree with him here.  Though, rather than saying that no one could ever properly scratch that itch, I believe that Watchmen is like Batman in that we'll have to suffer through a few lackluster tries first before we finally get the Chris Nolan version.<br /><br />Watchmen's story stems from a world wherein a mystery villain is picking off what's left of the Watchmen superheroes, most of whom have long since retired. We open the film with a cool fight scene in which Edward Blake/The Comedian, (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), is trying to defend himself against an intruder in his apartment, a trespasser whom he recognizes but who remains unseen by the audience. Blake ultimately falls to his death, and Rorschach (Jackie Earle Haley), arguably the most bad-ass character, decides to personally investigate the matter. Rorschach, unlike his peers, has never given up the fight against evil and never will, a crusade that eventually lands him in prison.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Dr. Manhattan (Billy Crudup), the only superhero here who possesses actual super powers, flits off to Mars when gal pal Jupiter announces that she's leaving him. Because Jupiter is all Dr. Manhattan really cares about, he feels like life isn't worth living anymore when she leaves, and not just his own - he spends his time on Mars contemplating the possibility of destroying Earth (cheer up, emo kid).  Little does anyone know, however, that the aforementioned mystery villain has a similar plan.<br /><br />No matter which of Watchmen's endings you prefer, be it the novel's version or the film's, both are equally scary and, oddly, hopeful.lly believe that of the millions of people who possess a knack for film-making, none of them could ever get the adaptation right?), I tend to agree with him here.  Though, rather than saying that no one could ever properly scratch that itch, I believe that Watchmen is like Batman in that we'll have to suffer through a few lackluster tries first before we finally get the Chris Nolan version.  Watchmen's story stems from a world wherein a mystery villain is picking off what's left of the Watchmen superheroes, most of whom have long since retired. We open the film with a cool fight scene in which Edward Blake/The Comedian, (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), is trying to defend himself against an intruder in his apartment, a trespasser whom he recognizes but who remains unseen by the audience. Blake ultimately falls to his death, and Rorschach (Jackie Earle Haley), arguably the most bad-ass character, decides to personally investigate the matter. Rorschach, unlike his peers, has never given up the fight against evil and never will, a crusade that eventually lands him in prison.  Meanwhile, Dr. Manhattan (Billy Crudup), the only superhero here who possesses actual super powers, flits off to Mars when gal pal Jupiter announces that she's leaving him. Because Jupiter is all Dr. Manhattan really cares about, he feels like life isn't worth living anymore when she leaves, and not just his own - he spends his time on Mars contemplating the possibility of destroying Earth (cheer up, emo kid).  Little does anyone know, however, that the aforementioned mystery villain has a similar plan.  No matter which of Watchmen's endings you prefer, be it the novel's version or the film's, both are equally scary and, oddly, hopeful.
B002BX4VEK|5.0|Elvis Presley wasn't just the King of Rock `n' Roll, he was an artist who prospered in spite of an unsympathetic manager, and a star who rose to a second great peak, resurrecting himself from the ashes of a moribund career. His incendiary, game-changing hits of the `50s led to the start of a bright film career, but after losing his crown in a repetitive string of artistically lean popcorn movies, it took a string of three key performances to regain the throne. The first, 1967's [[ASIN:B0012K1IMQ How Great Thou Art]], was a gospel album anchored in Elvis' musical roots; the second, an iconic [[ASIN:B00025L42Q NBC comeback special]] in 1968, proved he still had the rock `n' roll spark; and the third, this 1969 return to his Memphis home ground, showed he still had something new and potent to offer. There was more, including live and country albums in 1970 and 1971, but the artistic and commercial renaissance of 1967-69, capped by this soul and gospel masterpiece (and its hit single, \\"In the Ghetto\\"), is one of the great comebacks in music history.<br /><br />Even more impressive, the album's dozen tunes are less than half the Memphis sessions' output. RCA's 2-CD Legacy reissue collects 36 tracks from Elvis' stay at Chip Moman's American Studio, adding ten tracks from the second platter of From Memphis to Vegas - From Vegas to Memphis (subsequently reissued as [[ASIN:B0002W0ZP6 Back in Memphis]]), four single mixes of album tracks, six non-LP singles (including the trio of chart hits \\"Suspicious Minds,\\" \\"Don't Cry Daddy,\\" and \\"Kentucky Rain\\"), and four bonus tracks. Having recorded in Nashville and Hollywood since his mid-50s departure from Sun, Elvis returned to Memphis to find soul music still heavily influenced by gospel and blues, but also powered by the bass-and-horns funk developed by the Stax, Hi, FAME, American and Muscle Shoals studios.<br /><br />Buoyed by the success of his televised comeback, Elvis shook off the insipid material he'd been recording, and dug deeply into a set of blues, country, gospel and pop sounds, pushed by Moman and his crack studio band. You can hear Elvis rediscovering himself as he tests his crooning, wandering through a loose arrangement of \\"I'll Hold You in My Heart (Till I Can Hold You in My Arms)\\" that turns Eddy Arnold's 1940s country twanger into an emotion-soaked gospel. He's commanding with the testimony of \\"Power of My Love\\" and swaggering and blue at the same time on \\"After Loving You.\\" He nails a slow-burning gospel-tinged cover of \\"Long Black Limousine,\\" lightens to horn-lined Memphis melancholy with \\"Any Day Now\\" and closes the album with the stunning \\"In the Ghetto.\\" The extras on disc one are finished tracks that include Bobby Darin's \\"I'll Be There,\\" the Beatles' \\"Hey Jude,\\" and the gospel \\"Who Am I?\\"<br /><br />The ten tracks of the follow-up album open disc two, and though the sessions were well picked-over for the original album, there are several highlights in the second set, including the slow building blues rocker \\"Stranger in My Own Hometown,\\" the dramatic farewell of \\"The Fair's Moving On\\" and the gospel soul \\"Without Love (There is Nothing).\\" Disc two's pay-off are the original mono single mixes, six of which don't appear on either Memphis album, including the hits \\"Suspicious Minds,\\" \\"Don't Cry Daddy\\" and \\"Kentucky Rain,\\" and the supremely funky \\"Rubberneckin'.\\" All of these tracks have been previously released, scattered across LPs and singles, and brought together on collections such as [[ASIN:B000002W96 The Memphis Record]] and [[ASIN:B00000IFT8 Suspicious Minds]]. But never before has Elvis' homecoming been drawn as such a vivid portrait.<br /><br />This brief leave from Col. Parker's stifling control gave Elvis a chance to go home, both literally and figuratively, and the circumstances in which to wax one of the two or three finest albums of his career. The energy created in Memphis sustained the King through a resurgent live show, but as the bubble closed back around him, these blue-eyed soul sessions turned into the last studio high point of his extraordinary career. Legacy's 2-CD set is delivered in a tri-fold digipack that reproduces the covers of both From Elvis in Memphis and Back in Memphis, and includes a 24-page booklet stuffed with photos and excellent liner notes by Robert Gordon and Tara McAdams. [©2009 hyperbolium dot com]ssions turned into the last studio high point of his extraordinary career. Legacy's 2-CD set is delivered in a tri-fold digipack that reproduces the covers of both From Elvis in Memphis and Back in Memphis, and includes a 24-page booklet stuffed with photos and excellent liner notes by Robert Gordon and Tara McAdams. [©2009 hyperbolium dot com]
B001QTXM5Y|1.0|Saw Zack Snyder on G4's comic-con coverage this weekend. He stated that a version including Black Frieghter will be coming out at Christmas. I'd avoid this until that comes out.    This constant multiple releases of films has got to stop. Release the theatre version and the complete version. This version makes little sense, other than trying to gouge fans.    I'm a huge watchmen fan, and I liked the version in the theatres. I'll be excited to see a complete extended version later this year...    Watch the interview for yourself:    [..]
B0000025H6|5.0|I'm completely happy with it. I got it quickly and had no problems. What more can I say?
B001FB55M6|4.0|First, let me say that I enjoy most of Jim Carrey's work though not all. \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind\\" is one of my favorite movies, while I didn't care for \\"Cable Guy\\". \\"Yes Man\\" is probably most similar to \\"Liar Liar\\" - it allows Carrey to use his knack for physical comedy without overusing it. His bits fit in with the story rather than becoming the story.     Carrey plays Carl, a guy who basically hides from the world, turning down invites to dinners, parties, and just about everything else. His close friends tolerate this to some degree, but appear to be close to the breaking point. Carl's life changes dramatically when he attends a motivational seminar which encourages people to say \\"yes\\" to EVERYTHING, an idea Carl follows blindly. Of course this results in a variety of events, good and bad, including meeting Allison (played by the always refreshing Zooey Deschanel), a zany lead singer who also leads a group of photographers who photograph the sunrise...while jogging. Eventually there are (predictably) repercussions from Carl not actually considering his responses and weighing his options.    If you liked Carrey in at least some of his comedy movies, I would recommend this one. There were some dramatic moments, but largely it's a comedy that'll make you laugh.
B002AT4K9G|5.0|I loved this movie. PERIOD. The first and the last movies are the best. If you like this then check out Gone in 60 seconds.
B000L53D4O|5.0|My husband rarely cares about reviews, but he read the review with me when there was only one review for this (5-star at the time) and was sold on buying it. At first, I have to admit that I was disappointed when I unpacked it. It is very lightweight; it's all pretty thin plastic - on the whole toy. The picture made it seem like the part with the 'toys' on it was heavy enough to weigh the whole thing down. It's pretty much just a shell, with a few gadgets attached.    When we bought it our child was about 7 months old, and loved crawling. When we tried the walker, our son really needed to put his weight on whatever was holding him up when he wanted to practice walking. So, when we first tried the walker with him, it would have toppled right over (with him) if both us hadn't either been holding our son or the toy.  It's definitely not made to be heavily leaned upon by someone with wobbly legs.     We helped our son practice using the walker practically all the time, even though I thought the toy was far too light to ever be a support. It actually became useful in stages. At first, our son was increasingly able to hold his own weight, standing, which is what made the walker increasingly usable. The walker was a little more useful when he could stand well, but the 'toys' on it were totally uninteresting. (At least it's a quiet toy that doesn't need batteries.) Then, he could pretty much take one or two steps with the walker, on his own. Finally, one evening he just crawled to the walker and ran down the hall with it. It was quite a shock because when he pulled himself up, I thought he was going to fall over with the toy. (We'd always held the toy steady for him, up to that point.) I was only a few feet away watching him before I realized he wanted to stand up, but by the time I got up and took two steps to go help him, he'd already started running down the hall with it. (After I recovered my jaw, I woke my husband to see the surprise.)    I'd say if you're interested in just getting something to help your child transition to walking on his/her own, this toy serves its purpose. Your child should probably be steady on his/her feet, meaning pretty much able to stand steadily. Early on, when he'd adjusted to using it, my husband and I still spent a lot of time holding the toy with him because his leaning on it made it roll quite quickly (the wheels are just as thin and lightweight as the rest of the toy.)     If you're like I was, and are looking for a walker that can double as a toy for a baby to play with while sitting, get something else. (I didn't invest much time looking into walkers because we have no stairs to worry about and have mostly carpet floors; so I can't make a specific, alternative suggestion.) It works very well on carpet, by the way. Regular floors, keep an eye on the little one driving.     Personally, I'd hoped it would be a multi-purpose toy (based on the picture), having little things on top of it to play with, but the widgets just flip like pages or spin. In the end, though, our son didn't really need us to invest a lot in a walker because the transition was about a month or two, then he wanted to take steps on his own and didn't want the toy to help him anymore. He pretty much stopped using it after he started practicing on his own.     We bought this when it was about $20, I think. (I'd spent so much on other toys I didn't have much left to invest in a walker at the time.) In hindsight, I'm glad I didn't spend a lot on this kind of toy. Really, it's not necessary to spend more than $20 on a push walker anyway. I definitely wouldn't buy this particular walker for more than $20 or $25. By the time children get the hang of walking with the help of a toy, they will probably just want to try walking on their own, one step at a time.    By the way, I rated this toy 5 stars because my husband specifically asked me to write a review for this (of all the toys I bought on Amazon) and to rate it 5 stars. I love him, hethought the toy was great, and my son's a champion at walking now, so, here's 5 stars. Cheers.
0307588335|1.0|A proper account of the second and final decline and fall of Lehman Brothers will inevitably appear in time. Unfortunately, in our impatient culture the shoddy exploitation of sensational current events is all too easy. The Lehman  bankruptcy was one of several major financial catastrophes that have contributed to a tectonic shift in the political, social and economic climate that effects us all. It deserves, therefore, serious study and analysis. You will not find it in, The Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers.  The authors spend the first eighty pages relating the dreary biography of a former pork chop salesman who believes that he has achieved a \\"towering\\" success as an elite employee on the convertible bond trading desk at Lehman Brothers. His \\"insider\\" status, one of many thousands of vice presidents, presumptively gives him special insight into the minds of CEO Dick Fuld and President Joe Gregory on whom he unloads page after page of vituperation and condemnation. The gravity of his calumnies might bear greater credibility if he had any personal knowledge or contact with senior management which he concedes he had none.  The authors are thrice removed from the sources of most of the purportedly damaging material they lay at Fuld's door. Namely, the claim that Fuld insulted Henry Paulsen leading to the Treasury Secretary's reluctance to provide financial support on the eve of Lehman's failure. So while there may be some truth behind the gossip the authors are unable to provide any verification.  Certainly, the point of my critique is not to defend senior management. Nevertheless, this book does not provide anything more than a superficial swipe at them based on hearsay, adolescent hero worship and braggadocio.  A well researched, objective narrative will be a far more compelling indictment of Fuld and his acolytes.
B001QTXM5Y|5.0|Like many people i never expected watchmen ever to make it to the big screen, and it was with a sense of dread that i approached my first viewing of this movie, having been a huge fan of the work since first reading it many many years ago. When i first heard of the project i recall talking with friends, all of us agreement that this could never work. How could such an epic work be translated to a movie? Surprisingly well it appears. I for one am prepared to eat my words and congratulate Mr Snyder on a job well done, an accurate and faithful rendition of the graphic novel, which i enjoyed immensely.   I am not surprised by some of the negative reviews however, a movie of a literary work such as watchmen with such a huge cult following was inevitably going to generate an extreme polarized response from fans, this was inevitable. Overall however it should be considered a major achievement that a large percentage of the watchmen fans are positive about the movie.  Glad you had the gigantic cojones required to take on this project Mr Snyder. Against all odds I think its a job well done.
0545123267|2.0|Sooo apparently I disagree with the rest of the reviews that have been written about this book so far, but I have to say that [[ASIN:0545123267 Shiver]] was not much better than mediocre. Yeah, the romance was exciting. But come on, we all know it wasn't very original. Steifvater recycled the same technique that made Stephenie Meyer famous: dragging out the romance and amping up the sexual tension until its practically unbearable. By page 200 readers will practically be begging the main characters to just get it on already. Sam is the perfect romantic hero: smart, kind, chivalrous, self-effacing, well-read, he plays the guitar AND writes songs about his girlfriend, he's vulnerable, and of course he's gorgeous. He does have an annoying tendency to break into cheesy song long lyrics from time to time, but hey that's just water under the bridge with a guy that's so unnaturally perfect in every other way. Grace has been waiting for him all her life. It's picture perfect. It's really really fun to read. But it doesn't make up for the total lack of plot.     The first thing that I noticed about this book was that I didn't care at all about what was happening to the other characters. None of them were very interesting or engaging. They were mostly artificial and stereotypical. Also, conveniently, none of the characters seemed to have parents that were ever around or interested in their lives, which could have worked but instead just felt lazy on the part of the author. The whole mechanics of being a werewolf in this book also did not seem to have been very well thought out. There were definitely gaps in the author's mythology and also her commitment to veracity. For example, at the end of the book Grace and her new friend Isabelle make a choice to try to change the way things are based on their belief in a very untested and dangerous hypothesis. In doing so they knowingly endanger the lives of the two people they love the most. In fact, they know that their actions are highly likely to kill them. Which makes NO SENSE! No one in their right mind would ever condemn the people they love to almost certain death on the off-chance that they might fix a problem that is WAY less bad than being DEAD. I mean come on: that isn't love, it's selfishness. So no, I can't with good conscience recommend this as a good book. Yeah, the romance is compelling and almost heart-breaking at times, but the ending just really ruins it, as does the total lack of other engaging plot. If these flaws don't bother you, then by all means pick it up. But if you want to read a good werewolf story I would recommend [[ASIN:0385734212 Blood and Chocolate]] instead.
B001FB4W16|5.0|I have HBO, but only caught bits and pieces of it on the channel. If a show gets enough positive buzz, I make the leap of faith and buy it on DVD or blu-ray for the extras. I enjoyed it so much that I watched the series in record time -- and it would have been faster had I not made a commitment to watch it with my husband. He really enjoyed it too, he just doesn't have my ability to completely OD on a show. True Blood is very good at cliffhangers and that pretty much compels you to watch the next episode right away.<br /><br />The show is definitely adult and every episode is packed with adult themes and activities. (While Sookie and Bill the vampire head towards greater intimacy at a fast pace, the show still milks the slightest reason to break them up, like any show.) It's nice to wrest the vampire them away from children and teenyboppers, although they probably watch this too, yeah? The concept is supposed to be dark, sexy, dangerous, and wrong. The dark humor is also welcome.<br /><br />I've watched the commentary for the pilot featuring Alan Ball -- pretty good -- but no other commentaries so far. The shows also feature an option for enhanced viewer. What this means -- and it is meant for subsequent viewings, but the show is rewatchable -- is that maps pop up to show you where the characters live, facts and hints are given, and Lafayette (a character on the show) pops in to give you some gossip or wisdom. It was an interesting way to make the world seem even more real and to fill in back story.<br /><br />Recommended for fans of the vampire myth, dark humor, the occasionally cringe-worthy moment, and the demented sensibilities of Alan Ball (Six Feet Under.) And, of course, for fans of the Charlaine Harris books.<br /><br />(I watched on my PS3 with no issues.)
1416550542|5.0|I was captivated by this story from the first chapter!  Not a \\"light\\" read by any means, but thoroughly enjoyable.  I carried my Kindle everywhere with me while I was reading this book just in case I had a few minutes to read when I was waiting somewhere!
0743487583|5.0|The relationship between Victor Frankenstein and his monster portrays every emotion a human will encounter in life. Despite being murderous and physically appalling, it's easy to identify with the monster's alienation and despair, which is deepened through Shelley's touching poetics and prose. \\"Frankenstein\\" contains the most effortlessly beautiful language to ever be penned. Although an early innovator in the horror and sci-fi genres, \\"Frankenstein\\" still remains a seminal piece of simple romanticism.
B00297FEUI|5.0|Great solid sound
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|The music was great; however when I received the CD,the case was broken and one of the CD's will not stay in place inside the CD case. Since it is a 2 CD set, I can't just replace the case, because 2 CD cases are not available.
B00005JPMZ|3.0|The four turtles has learned for who they are as being a ninja for saving the world all the time.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Lots of high definition growling and a guy with green hair and face paint.    What more could you ask for?    too bad they replaced Katie Holmes for what's her face.
B00260HH3K|1.0|This is Pathetic.<br />everytime a movie is made about a popular anime in the USA<br />its raped and turned into a saturday morning disney show<br />crap fest.<br /><br />with all the characters changed to white dumb teenagers<br />who don't show any good acting skills.<br /><br />American tv and film is returning the the racist stereotypes.<br />that it started with so long ago and this needs to stop.<br /><br />if i could i wouldn't give this piece of crap<br />a star.<br /><br />Akira Toriyama must have been so insulted when he saw this.<br /><br />it needs to stop.
1416550518|4.0|Story takes place in an interesting time period and the story is decent. The book is worth reading but not very memorable.
0765350386|4.0|I really really enjoyed reading this book. My frequent complaint about fantasy is that the heroes are \\"good\\" and the bad guys are \\"evil\\" and there is never really any doubt that the heroes are doing the right thing. In this novel, the heroes are good, but they also face complicated moral dilemmas and have to make compromises. Kelsier kills \\"innocent\\" nobles and Vin finds herself enjoying balls thrown at the expense of her fellow skaa. The realistic presentation of the people in this book made it so much more enjoyable than others I have read in the genre and made me anxious to read the next two.
B0015HOFZI|4.0|Product was a gift and recipiant reports that he really likes the item and it works well. I was very disappointed that the item arrived to me a day after I needed to have it. Purchase email said item would ship on the 9th but it was not shipped until the 14th. When I could not see it had shipped I placed a phone call to the seller and it almost sounded as if my order had been overlooked and I was told it would ship the next day. Due to this, I would not order from this seller again.
B001FB55H6|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised when I saw this movie for the first time.The thoughts that ran through my mind were: This is a super hero movie for geeks and nerds,an action movie for intellectuals,this is so different from the \\"usual\\" fare. Anyway,there is no excuse not to see this movie,even if you don't care about comics.It is a visual feast and so intelligently made!
0307460444|5.0|I am a big fan of Martha Stewart so I was looking forward to getting this cookbook on cupcakes.  There are over 100 recipes in this cookbook for cupcakes with many many ways to decorate them.  There are several different catagories including birthdays and holidays.  She has a section that shows different ways to decorate the cupcakes beside just frosting.  There is a section on the different baking tools you can use to bake and decorate with simple instructions.  The book ends with many frosting recipes for the cupcakes.  It is a very useful book.  The recipes I have made have been good.  I am glad I bought it.
B0009MAO46|5.0|My son loves Toy Story, I received this product fast and on time, the dvd is in excellent condition....couldn't be any happier!
0307394549|5.0|This book is full of regular cookies and cookies I have never heard of.  I am ejoying the recipes.  This book also includes recipes for bar cookies and items such as biscotti.  There is a section on the different tools needed to bake cookies with techniques on rolling out or shaping cookies.  There is also a section on different ways to package the cookies for gift giving.  A lot of good cookie recipes.  The recipe for the chocolate chip cookie has replaced the recipe I have had for years.  I have had many compliments on the cookies I have made.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|This movie was such an excellent buy I got it at a good price and my loves it! Seller delivered on time and I couldn't be happier
B002A9OJ0Q|5.0|Once I finally got my import CD, Amazon had to move the delivery date back 2 times and then actually sent it to me sooner than was suppose to.  I listened to the first 3 songs and thought that this is pretty darn good. Good beats, good melodies, Morten sounds great!  It sounds like a more a polished record and maybe a little more processed, but it makes for a better listening experience.  Sometimes the \\"earthly\\" vocals can show flaws, but this album is anything but flawed.  I rode to work and listened to the whole album.  Wasn't sure about the the \\"hit single\\" Foot of the Mountain, but it's growing on me.  I'd say 9 out of 10 songs are wonderful, but I could listen to them all again and again. Wish they would find a way to do even small tours around the US, just to get some exposure in the US again.  Coldplay has said they were influenced by a-ha, and sometimes when Coldplay comes on the radio, I have to ask is that Morten I hear? Then I think why can't a-ha have the same airtime that Coldplay has, since they have very similar music styles.  For 23 years (!) I have been a fan of a-ha and will continue to be for years to come. The US does love you, we just have to make them remember!
B0029NY9YO|3.0|Beautiful to watch, difficult to understand or enjoy.<br /><br />That has to be the most common complaint I hear whenever poor 'civilians' are thrown in to this disjointed product - I genuinely feel bad for the masses. As a young man who was active in the comics world during the release of The Watchmen, I can attest to the astounding and ground-breaking impact it had on storytelling, art, and vision. It was the Star Wars of comics - laying waste to the uninspired, underperforming and often flat world that was comic books at the time. When it ended its 1-year run - The Watchmen had changed an entire industry - it was THAT amazing.<br /><br />But this visually rich film fails at capturing, what is at it's core, a mystery. Who Is killing The Watchmen? And why?<br /><br />The film is so non-linear that it's very near impossible for the average viewer to take in and process. It's 1953, now it's 1985, now it's 1971, now it's 1944, now it's 1979, now it's... you get the point. Too muddied, too disconnected, too many plotlines to properly thread together a meaningful story.<br /><br />As a fan, I 'got' what was being offered, and if we were all comic geeks, I think we would be unanimous at this stupendous achievement.<br /><br />Sadly, and I think this is lost amongst fellow nerds, MOST of the audience are not, and will not, become hardcore fans just to see a film. That Director Snyder sought out the approval of the fans is what unfortunately sinks this film into the mess that the average viewer has to sort out for themselves.<br /><br />What should have been the focal point, as in the original storyline, was Rorschach. It should've been made clear that it's from his perspective all the surrounding stories swirl. He is us - the audience. We're being taken along a complex  investigation about the deaths of his former comrades. THAT should've been the foundation upon which this story should've been told. But what we get is a mishmash of introductions, flashbacks, intersecting plotlines, dropped plotlines, missed & missing connections - all carried along with spectacular visuals that sadly lose their meaning since it's not placed within the context of  a story that we can readily absorb.<br /><br />Solution: You start at the past. An introduction of characters; a brief synopsis of who and what they are; what their relations are to one another; what happened to them throughout the years. Boom - 25 minutes of film - the stage is set for the rest of the story. But what happens? Well... what happened.<br /><br />Watching the Watchmen is like eating cotton candy - visually and texturally appealing, but ultimately leaving you empty inside.connections - all carried along with spectacular visuals that sadly lose their meaning since it's not placed within the context of  a story that we can readily absorb.     Solution: You start at the past. An introduction of characters; a brief synopsis of who and what they are; what their relations are to one another; what happened to them throughout the years. Boom - 25 minutes of film - the stage is set for the rest of the story. But what happens? Well... what happened.    Watching the Watchmen is like eating cotton candy - visually and texturally appealing, but ultimately leaving you empty inside.
1595141715|3.0|Suicide is a very difficult topic. I expected to feel really sad and melancholy while reading this book. Instead, I didn't feel much at all. This might seem bad, but the author didn't make me feel any warmth from Hannah and I didn't feel sympathy for Clay. And honestly, the way Hannah was written, I don't think I would be friends with her either.     At first, I had a hard time going back and forth between the characters of Hannah and Jay. Both were written in first person. The difference was Hanna was written in italicized letters. I would find myself confused and then would look back and realize that the characters had switched. About halfway through the book I got used to it though.      I don't know--I guess I really expected more out of this book. I wanted to be sad and really feel for both Clay and Hannah but I just didn't. The only thing I really got out of this book was that your actions affect others, even when you might not realize that they do.
159102594X|5.0|It's been a while since I read The Blade Itself, and almost as long since I finished the whole trilogy, but I felt that if any book deserved a review, it's this one.    Abercrombie's works are realistic, gritty, and dark, and sprinkled with dry humor, along with more than a bit of blood.  The Blade Itself sets the stage for the entire trilogy in a most appropriate fashion by introducing all of these less-than-happy elements into the lives of some great characters.    The characters are what define Abercrombie's writing: they're real, they feel, they have their motivations and their strengths and weaknesses.  The dark mood of Abercrombie's world only helps bring out each character's minor redeeming qualities, which is one of the best aspects of the novel.  After absorbing dialogue and text that describes the decadence and misfortunes of a particular character, any ray of light in the souls of these individuals becomes something to be admired, even if you find it crushed at a later point.    The Blade Itself and subsequent novels are some of the most character-driven pieces I've read in a long while, which is what drew me into the books in the first place.  The author's decision to forgo a world map only draws one closer to the characters: one does not feel as though they are presiding over some overly-epic metaplot, but instead one feels as though they are right next to the characters as they go about their twisted, grim lives.    As a final note, I'm reading Best Served Cold right now, and I can say that, in that book, you feel EVEN CLOSER to the characters.  It is clear that Joe Abercrombie is a great author, and his writing skills are only becoming more developed as time passes.
B001NLL0RW|5.0|My kindle is everything they said it was...I love it!<br />I had recently had eye surgery and have had to resort to large print books, which are bigger & bulkier.<br />Also, all titles are not found in large print.<br />With kindle, I can enlarge the print for ease of viewing.<br />The books are reasonably priced and there is a vast selection.<br />It is very lightweight & easy to take along, pack and store.<br />I would recommend this product to all avid readers!
1596912855|5.0|Ms. Hale really knows her stuff. Her research shows and I completely felt swept up in the Regency world. Her characters had flaws but it made it even more real. The journey she took them on was interesting with the whole concept of play acting. It was difficult to distinguish at times what was real and what was just acting. I really did like seeing the world brought to life by one character's eyes. It made it more vivid and the challenges were interesting.<br /><br />Jane sees a gift and takes it. She has to figure out how to just play along. Getting rid of her fantasy is the idea behind it all or at least toning it down. Knowing she'll never truly meet her ideal man, she takes the trip for what it is. A way to glimpse into the world she has always dreamed about. She looks over her past 13 relationships and sees what was wrong with all of them. Dreaming about Mr. Darcy is not a bad thing but it's hindering her real world relationships.<br /><br />Can she find a way to enjoy her dream but go back to the real world? Jane certainly has her hands full with the way things are playing out in her play acting world. Ms. Hale did an amazing job with this story. It was also very sweet due to being set during the Regency period and the strict rules that they had to follow. I loved every minute of it! I will definitely check out the other works by this author that are geared more towards the Young Adult crowd.
B00005QGAT|3.0|for my money, this was MJ's BEST ALBUM EVER....seemed to me after THRILLER, he lost his perspective of what normal behaviour is and isn't.    This purchase was a replacement CD, and this CD was also from my college years at the BYU in Utah.
B002AT4KA0|5.0|this movie is amazing but the first one is better. but the 2 disc DVD has very very cool speicial features! its a must buy if your a fan of the series!!
B000NVIGC0|5.0|Wilco<br />Sky Blue Sky<br />2007; Nonesuch Records<br /><br />My Rating: 10/10<br /><br />Have you ever bought a record that you listen to once, scratch your head, but back on the shelf for a year, pull out again, and listen to non-stop for the next year? When I first bought SKY BLUE SKY upon its release in 2007, I was immediately disappointed. Sure, A GHOST IS BORN wasn't great, but there was enough to like about it and I could respect a dip in inspiration following on the heels of the glorious YANKEE HOTEL FOXTROT. But by the time SKY BLUE SKY rolled out in 2007, I was ready for WILCO to find their footing and deliver another left-field masterpiece. Instead I discovered what I thought at the time was a band on cruise control.<br /><br />The thing is, you won't find anything strikingly revolutionary on SKY BLUE SKY, but that may in fact be the most wonderful thing about this record. It took me selling my copy of this record and then re-buying it to discover that SKY BLUE SKY is in my Wilco Top 3, and when all is said and done, may be right on top. SKY BLUE SKY is the sound of a band arriving. The lineup TWEEDY employs on this record came together shortly after the release of A GHOST IS BORN, and has been with him since. With SKY BLUE SKY, Tweedy makes the boldest statement of his career: \\"My songs and this band are so strong that I don't need anything to make a great record but a few microphones and a room big enough for the six of us.\\"<br /><br />From the opening, there is something sweet and pastoral about this record. The interplay between Tweedy's songs and the rest of the band is effortless. Opening with the softly swaying \\"Either Way\\", the band quickly finds the zone with \\"You Are My Face\\" and never lets up. \\"Impossible Germany\\" is one of the album's highlights, featuring the best three-guitar interplay of any Wilco record and some of the best I've ever heard anywhere. The title track keeps things soft and dreamlike, while \\"Side with the Seeds\\" is another album highlight. Thought I hesitate to say it, \\"Shake It Off\\" might be the album's low point, although even it feels integral to the record's progression.<br /><br />The album's second half features another handful of soft, dreamy tunes in \\"Please Be Patient With Me,\\" \\"Leave Me,\\" and closer \\"On and On and On.\\" \\"What Light\\" is as sunny and optimistic a song as you're likely to hear from Tweedy, while \\"Walken\\" and \\"Hate It Here\\" lend a little more drama to the album's second half.<br /><br />All in all, it's understandable why many people walked from SKY BLUE SKY after its initial release, but in my view there is no other record so deserving of a second chance. I love this record, and given enough time, so will you.it, \\"Shake It Off\\" might be the album's low point, although even it feels integral to the record's progression.    The album's second half features another handful of soft, dreamy tunes in \\"Please Be Patient With Me,\\" \\"Leave Me,\\" and closer \\"On and On and On.\\" \\"What Light\\" is as sunny and optimistic a song as you're likely to hear from Tweedy, while \\"Walken\\" and \\"Hate It Here\\" lend a little more drama to the album's second half.    All in all, it's understandable why many people walked from SKY BLUE SKY after its initial release, but in my view there is no other record so deserving of a second chance. I love this record, and given enough time, so will you.
B000URDEB0|3.0|I can't believe how many years the progressive metal scene has been around.  The worst part is that this music hasn't changed at *all* since the mid 90's or so when Dream Theater and Porcupine Tree were the biggest influences.    Just to show you how much the prog metal scene hasn't changed, I have a question for you- if I played a hard rock song for you and I said \\"This song was either created in the year 1969 or 1984\\", would you be able to tell which year it was (assuming you've never heard the song)?      Of COURSE you would, because the music scene changed drastically from 1969 to 1984.  How much did the music scene change from 1994 to 2009?  Well, it changed somewhat, but the prog metal scene sure went absolutely *nowhere*.      The same guitar riffs time and bloody time again, the same unmemorable and/or obnoxious screamer singers time and time again, the same *everything* repeated over and OVER again for over 15 years now.  God it makes me sick so flippin' *much*.  Nothing has changed, and as a result, metal bands are now stuck in a formula where nothing but uncreative and derivative music can be created.  Any kind of originality has officially been tossed out the window for some time now.    At least Nightwish has a female lead singer which is somewhat more appealing than a redundant male singer (because women tend to sing pretty vocal melodies as opposed to screaming horrible vocal melodies which is a frequent male tendency).      The presence of a female singer makes the music a *little* more special, but still, the songwriting on this Dark Passion Play album is average at best.  It's not really different from the songwriting on the previous Nightwish albums, and without even hearing the album you already know what to expect.  A singing voice that's slightly different from the previous Nightwish albums doesn't really mean a whole lot in the grand scheme of things.  Not when the prog metal scene as a whole needs help.    At least Dream Theater and PorcupineTree were somewhat original in what they were doing.  Nightwish, along with thousands of other metal bands nowadays, aren't as good.
1573300403|4.0|One of the best collection of videos and films that put together Michael Jackson´s legacy as an artist and human being .  As a collector I was unpleased to receive the dvd with the cover photo crushed in the mail even though the disc was unharmed .  Eduard Maldus
B001C3KCSY|4.0|KOL isn't for everybody but \\"Only by the Night\\" is a solid album. The first half is near perfect but halfway through it looses it's charm. Give it a listen and I think you'll find the first half makes up for the handful of not so great tracks.
1584282584|5.0|I really enjoyed this book and it is now in my camera bag.<br />I put it there to take with me for weddings etc. to review in downtown.<br />The book is full of good before and after examples.  What just is important and what some book like is the WHY factor.  WHY you want to use the techinique along with the how.  The book has examples using ordinatary people as well.<br /><br />In chapter 1. Where do we start? its explanation was Right on.  One of the best things about this book is that it applies to the majority of flash units (speedlights) out there.  If you want to go old school since many of us still have our Vivitar 283 or 285 or Sunpak and strobe that you can set to manually.<br />See Chapter 16 for example.  I have used the techniques with the 283 & 285 (btw I do have a Qflash) but I did use the older model flash in a small softbox using Neil's guidelines.  Looking forward to doing more.<br />Way to go Neil, or Flash On
0312427646|5.0|In his novella,\\"The Uncommon Reader,\\" Alan Bennett imagines what might happen if Queen Elizabeth II suddenly became a book addict.  By happenstance, Her Majesty comes across the City of Westminster traveling library, housed in \\"a large removal-like van.\\"  The sole borrower that day is a kitchen worker named Norman Seakins.  After chatting with the driver/librarian and young Seakins, Elizabeth impulsively states, \\"Now that one is here I suppose one ought to borrow a book.\\"<br /><br />Although she has read before, reading has never been a hobby, since \\"it was in the nature of her job that she didn't have hobbies.\\"  She rashly chooses a rather dull book by Ivy Compton-Burnett, whom she had once made a dame. This inauspicious selection does not dampen the Queen's ardor.  On the contrary, with Seakins as her literary advisor and amanuensis, Elizabeth eagerly wends her way through a wide variety of works old and new, by such varied authors as Henry James, Fyodor Dostoevsky, Marcel Proust, Jean Genet, Jane Austen, Ian McEwan, Alice Munro, and A. S. Byatt. She even ventures into biography, including those of movie stars (shocking!).  As time passes, Elizabeth starts to record particularly interesting passages and musings about what she has read.  Her obsession soon brings about consequences that no one could have predicted.<br /><br />Elizabeth's unsympathetic underlings, alarmed at the changes that they see in their heretofore reliable and predictable monarch, try to sabotage the Queen's new habit.  They are annoyed that she has begun to perform her ceremonial duties perfunctorily; she is in a hurry to return to her reading.  A disturbing rumor starts to circulate that Elizabeth may be suffering from dementia. Not only is this untrue, but for the first time, the Queen fully realizes how much she has missed.  Even though she is a world traveler who has seen and done a great deal, reading has opened up a vast, uncharted territory:  \\"One book led to another, doors kept opening wherever she turned and the days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.\\"<br /><br />\\"The Uncommon Reader\\" is a witty souffl&eacute; that is both a paean to the joys of the printed word and a satirical take-off on the monarchy, a much-battered institution in recent years.  In his airy and entertaining style, Bennett paints a delightfully hilarious portrait of a formidable woman longing to break out of her stultifying routine.  Reading proves to be the perfect antidote to what ails her, and it also helps her to become more compassionate and thoughtful.  For those who adore books and enjoy savvy, irreverent, and pointed humor, \\"The Uncommon Reader\\" is an uncommon treat.turned and the days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.\\"      \\"The Uncommon Reader\\" is a witty soufflé that is both a paean to the joys of the printed word and a satirical take-off on the monarchy, a much-battered institution in recent years.  In his airy and entertaining style, Bennett paints a delightfully hilarious portrait of a formidable woman longing to break out of her stultifying routine.  Reading proves to be the perfect antidote to what ails her, and it also helps her to become more compassionate and thoughtful.  For those who adore books and enjoy savvy, irreverent, and pointed humor, \\"The Uncommon Reader\\" is an uncommon treat.
0345428064|5.0|From the start of the story, it's obvious McNab is not your typical thriller writer.  There's an edge, a brusque matter-of-factness that reflects the the author's military service (much of it with British SAS).  The attention to operational detail lends a sense of reality that is rare in other genre writing, yet somehow we don't get bogged down in the minutiae.  And the action is brutal and visceral, no movie-style stylized fist-fights, instead there are vicious no-holds-barred fights (realistically, what happens when someone is fighting to stay alive) that frequently leave our hero worse for wear.<br /><br />Even more unusual for this genre, a child features prominently in the plot, and McNab accurately captures the sense of a non-parent adult trying to cope with a young child, except for one plot twist towards the end where the kid is unrealistically competent (you'll know it when you get there).<br /><br />If you have discovered McNab via his gripping true story in [[ASIN:0552153575 Bravo Two-zero]], his writing has the same quality in fiction.  Well worth the read, and you'll probably end up with a bunch of later McNab books on your wishlist, like I did.
B001FB55H6|5.0|All the good stuff everyone wrote?  Believe it.  As a stand alone work this would have been astounding.  As an interpretation of another classic work it is the rare equal to the original material.<br /><br />Ignore the neigh-sayers and enjoy!
0060755598|2.0|The overall message and information in this book is great..... if you can wade through all the extra narrative overkill.  I thought this was supposed to be a business book.  Sure, keep it exciting with stories and dialogue but this was death by unnecessary words.
B002APNQF4|5.0|First let me just say that I think Whitesnake holds the record for most songs about \\"love\\". If the word \\"love\\" is not already in the song title, then their songs are about love or something in the love-making category (ie: Slide It In, Slow an Easy and Still of the Night). But that's OK, for me it's the music that counts.<br /><br />Slide It In has always been my favorite WS album. This Deluxe Edition certainly did not change my mind. In fact, this remastered product is of outstanding sound quality and the songs are still great after 25 years. For many years, I never realized their was a UK version of this album. It's kind of cool to hear the UK versions of 8 of these songs. Apparently, they did not have UK versions of the Hungry for Love and Love Ain't No Stranger. If there were, then they are not included in this edition. The booklet includes interview with David Coverdale and I found very interesting. It explains why there were 2 versions.<br /><br />The UK versions are good, certainly worthy of owning and \\"nice to have\\" but the US versions are better. Probably because this is the version I grew up with and am used to. Slide It In is considered WS' \\"transition\\" album. But OH BOY! what a transition. SII is more Rock oriented and was a lead-in to what catapulted WS into superstardom in the MTV days. Their 1987 self-titled album wouldn't have been as popular without Slide It In being the predecessor.<br /><br />I don't mind that they changed the order of the US versions of the songs. In fact, it brings a new fresh feel. From what I understand, this is the order that David Coverdale originally wanted but of course, the record company moved the title track first and put the best 3 songs in front which most record labels do. Although the best songs are still in the first half, the later half are great as well. In fact, there is not one bad song on this 1984 classic.<br /><br />The other bonus tracks are OK. Need Your Love So Bad is OK but I'm sure this was a song recorded during these 1984 sessions and just never made the cut. Nice to have but not an essential song.<br /><br />You really get a nice complete edition with Disc 2. It's always cool to have the videos and think of the good-ole MTV days (when they actually played music videos around the clock) when watching them.<br /><br />This is great addition to any hard-rock lover and certainly worthy of having in your collection.<br /><br />I find myself buying more music cds of yesteryear than cds of today. Today's bands just don't measure up to the classic rock years of the 70s and 80s. So if you don't have this cd already, go ahead and buy it. It's worth the price. And to all you classic-rock lovers with kids, it'll be nice to introduce this classic to a new generation.<br /><br />Finally! I have to give credit where credit is due. Cozy Powell you are missed. God Bless Ya!ded during these 1984 sessions and just never made the cut. Nice to have but not an essential song.<br /><br />You really get a nice complete edition with Disc 2. It's always cool to have the videos and think of the good-ole MTV days (when they actually played music videos around the clock) when watching them.<br /><br />This is great addition to any hard-rock lover and certainly worthy of having in your collection.<br /><br />I find myself buying more music cds of yesteryear than cds of today. Today's bands just don't measure up to the classic rock years of the 70s and 80s. So if you don't have this cd already, go ahead and buy it. It's worth the price. And to all you classic-rock lovers with kids, it'll be nice to introduce this classic to a new generation.<br /><br />Finally! I have to give credit where credit is due. Cozy Powell you are missed. God Bless Ya!
1582701709|5.0|I've always sort of known this in a deep inherent way, but after I saw the movie and read this book, my life did a 180 degree turn for the better. Read this book, and apply 100% everything it says and you will definitely see a complete transformation in your life like you never have seen before. Not only has it worked for me but almost all of my friends as well.
0307266303|5.0|I have no idea why I initially purchased this book... I only know I'm glad I did.  I do not run, never have.  I have no interest in extreme sports, tribal societies, or crazy superathletes.  But what a story!  I literally couldn't put it down.  Its about 4-5 stories in one, and each of them fascinating and captivating.  The people are almost not believable as real people, except that I have located a few of them, and yup, they are crazy superathletes.  Its like finding a hidden subculture that's been living right under our noses, almost as if in a parallel universe.  Loved reading about it, but doubt I'll ever join! :-) I'll be the bystander cheering them on!  Thanks for the great read, and broadening my horizons!
0061537969|5.0|I admit that I am a sucker for dog stories. I write them myself. But The Art of Racing in the Rain is one of those things I wish I had written because it goes so far beyond the ordinary. It is really not a story about dogs, although its narrator is a dog named Enzo. It is also really not about auto racing, although the dog's owner and personal hero is a young professional auto racer. It is about mastering human life and who better to take that on than a dog that believes with all his heart that he is on the cosmic path to eventually becoming human himself in a future life.<br /><br />Enzo's observations are filled with the kind of verity only a third party observer, not caught up in the \\"reality\\" of human life, can offer. The life of his human role model,driver Denny Swift, is caught up in a web of unexpected and tormenting events. All he has to work with is the set of basic principles that govern his life as a racer, which becomes an exciting metaphor for traveling the course of life itself with its horrendous surprises,twists and turns, and often horrendous, crashing outcomes.<br /><br />Yet this is not a moralistic book, it's classic entertainment that you can identify with, even if you don't happen to be a dog yourself.Denny hopes, dreams, relationships, triumphs, and dilemmas are like yours and mine. That's why I've recommended it far and wide to dozens of people I know. I've now read it three times and am now reading it in its Italian language edition, \\"L'arte di correrre sotto la piogia.\\" Despite my labored reading it Italian, its just as marvelous as when I first read it.<br /><br />The Art of Racing in the Rain is a story of constancy, loyalty, persistence, focus, love and friendship. If it does not seize your heart, you'd better visit your cardiologist to confirm that you have one. Superb storytelling with a stunning ending.<br /><br />Dick Paetzke, author of [[ASIN:1432724266 Postcards. Little Letters From Life]]
1439148813|4.0|The voice that immediately enters your mind in reading Gene Kranz's FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION is that of Ed Harris playing Kranz from APOLLO 13. Harris's protrayal matches the man in the book, and from that perspective, the book is very enjoyable. Actually, that's probably the greatest strength of the book, it takes you behind the scenes and validates both Wolff's THE RIGHT STUFF and Lowell's APOLLO 13. The weakness of the book is the writing. Kranz is a straight forward subject-verb writer, which is fine enough, but after a few hundred pages, some variety in sentence structure would be nice.<br /><br />Still, this is a book that is both educational and a reminder of the devotion of the men who built the USA space prorgam.  Comment
B001ER4CNY|3.0|The episodes are great & I want to make it clear that I love this series. I have no complaints with the episodes or the quality of the episodes.<br /><br />The problem is with the functionality of the nightmare packaging, the DVD indexing, the ear-blasting irritating audio on the Menu and inconsistent labeling vs menu designations. I recommend you read this before buying this cute set. You might change your mind and get a set with normal packaging after you read about the nightmare you will go through just to watch the DVD's.<br /><br />The packaging is cute... if you don't ever plan to watch the episodes. However, if you do plan to watch them, when you remove the disk sleeves from the bottle, do NOT set it down because you will end up with disks everywhere. The sleeves cannot be set down because they cannot support themselves upright without the bottle... so it flops over and the disks all fall out. The sleeves are an open accordion/slinky style design, made from thin cardboard. This design is a real pain in the wazoo if you are trying to take out the disks to place them into a DVD player. Since you can't set it down... you have to hold the packaging in one hand while loading the disks into the player with the other hand.<br /><br />Also, the cardboard bottle is very tall, so you need a minimum clearance of 18 inches of height to set down the bottle on the card box as it was designed... so if you have shorter shelf height, it won't fit.<br /><br />The disk labels are all numbered sequentially 1-20. It does show you the season on the label and the sleeves are color coded to separate seasons... but here is the problem. When you load the disks, once you get to disk #5... it is actually season 2 disk #1... so instead of seeing Disk 5 on the menu... you see Disk #1 on the menu. Talk about mismatched numbering schemes between the disk labels and disk screen menu... Really confusing if you have a 5 disk DVD player and see it change from disk 4 to disk 1 (when you were expecting disk 5 like the label).<br /><br />Now that your DVD is loaded... you'd better turn down your sound because you are going to be blasted out of your seat by the opening music volume which is 50 times louder than the episodes. Then when you hear the menu audio music, it plays only a few notes from the theme song then it is abruptly cut off by the loud bang of a snare drum. It does this over and over and over until you stop it. It is really irritating. Especially if the episodes have finished playing and the screen reverts to this menu where you hear a dozen or so notes of the theme song followed by that irritating snare drum bang... over and over again until you put it out of its misery.<br /><br />Now we come to the indexing problem. The entire 1st season's indexing is screwed up... which means you can't skip past the opening credits and theme song on each episode unless you fast forward. If you try to skip to the next scene to bypass the opening theme, you will miss a big chunk of the episode. This is really a nuisance having to fast forward through the theme on every single episode of the entire first season. Evidently, it does not occur to the \\"lack of brains\\" crew which handled the DVD indexing... that we may not want to watch the opening theme 30 times in a row. The second season seems to be working ok... but we'll see how that goes. I've seen other series like ST-TNG where it goes back and forth from one season to the next. No consistency. By the time I got to disk #5, I was thoroughly irritated enough to write this review while it was all fresh in my mind.<br /><br />Now we come to the little box of cards which the cardboard bottle sits atop. It is like a deck of playing cards for the episodes and only has a short sentence of description about each episode and none about the actors. The same amount of info you will find on Wikipedia. The font is about a 6... so if you are over the age of 40 (which all of the original fans are) you will not be able to read these without some kind of magnification or bifocals. Obviously designed by someone under the age of 30. The cards are cute but totally nonfunctional if you are truly wanting to look for info on the episodes.<br /><br />The colorizing of the B&W episodes is not as good as on Bewitched, but tolerable. This was done by a lazy (or cheap) colorizer who didn't get inside the mouths and put way too much yellow in her hair. It was almost orange. This was also done by someone under the age of 40 (or someone in a foreign country) who had no clue as to what colors the phones, furnishings, decor, appliances and wall & floor treatments were available in the 60's. All they had to do was to watch a couple of the episodes which were filmed in color... to get the correct colors before they began the colorizing process. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.<br /><br />This might be nitpicking... but things like Orange phones jump out at those of us who lived in the 60's We all know that they didn't have Orange phones in the 60's. Most of the standard phones were either black, white and olive green with some exceptions on the princess and wall phone lines which could be found in baby blue and yellow. The first orange phone I remember wasn't available until around 1980 when they made an Orange overlay template (for either OSU or OU football team colors) for one of the touchtone phone styles.<br /><br />So, if you are buying this set as a cute collectible... it is an adorable design. But if you are planning to watch all of the episodes... this set will be a real pain in the wazoo.. Obviously designed by someone under the age of 30. The cards are cute but totally nonfunctional if you are truly wanting to look for info on the episodes.    The colorizing of the B&W episodes is not as good as on Bewitched, but tolerable. This was done by a lazy (or cheap) colorizer who didn't get inside the mouths and put way too much yellow in her hair. It was almost orange. This was also done by someone under the age of 40 (or someone in a foreign country) who had no clue as to what colors the phones, furnishings, decor, appliances and wall & floor treatments were available in the 60's. All they had to do was to watch a couple of the episodes which were filmed in color... to get the correct colors before they began the colorizing process. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.    This might be nitpicking... but things like Orange phones jump out at those of us who lived in the 60's We all know that they didn't have Orange phones in the 60's. Most of the standard phones were either black, white and olive green with some exceptions on the princess and wall phone lines which could be found in baby blue and yellow. The first orange phone I remember wasn't available until around 1980 when they made an Orange overlay template (for either OSU or OU football team colors) for one of the touchtone phone styles.      So, if you are buying this set as a cute collectible... it is an adorable design. But if you are planning to watch all of the episodes... this set will be a real pain in the wazoo.
B001DHE9KG|5.0|The Metropolitan Opera House in New York walks amid a financial crisis. To circumvent it launched a new way to capitalize. It took the opera theaters in simultaneous display with his theater. The success of this program can help a great deal this great theater out of this trouble. The views came to Brazil without being simultaneous, but being a big blockbuster despite presenting operas somewhat unknown to the general public as La Rondine and Orpheus and Eurídece.     The DVD release of those recitations was natural and expected by lovers of Great Art. Some titles are already available in the market, Macbeth, Manon Lescaut, Hansel and Gretel, Perter Grims and La Bohème few. Who can not watch the film has the DVD to save the day.     La Bohème I got my hands these days, the collection is entitled The Metropolitan Opera HD Live. Initially we have a presentation with Renée Fleming. The picture quality coupled with stunning scenery designed by Franco Zeffirelli makes this Bohème be perfect.     TEM innovates to show between acts backstage of the theater, the assembly of the scenarios and the work of support staff, the guys are very professional.     The soloists are all perfect, it would be waste of time commenting on each one separately. I have had many questions about the voices in these current DVDs. Everyone sings well, no one misses a note, no tune. And I suspect much of the manipulation of images and sounds recorded on DVDs in HD.     The current productions are thought to the video, the positioning of cameras and scenes to show us interact angles previously impossible to be seen. Gone are the scenarios of cloth and clothing from thrift store. The still cameras and light without focus are part of the past. The opera is now on another level. The voice becomes an element of the show and not the principal. Before we had singers, today we have artists.     Everything perfect, beautiful and flawless. Where are the mistakes of the singer, where's the fall of the dancer, where's the controversy? All who attend this La Bohème find it perfect, crying for Mimi and Rodolfo. We have a unanimous vote and as said the great playwright Nelson Rodrigues, all unanimity is stupid.           A Ópera Perfeita    O Metropolitan Opera House de New York anda em meio a uma crise financeira. Para contorná-la lançou uma nova maneira de se capitalizar. Levou a ópera aos cinemas em exibições simultâneas com seu teatro. O sucesso desse programa pode ajudar e muito este grande teatro a sair dessa encrenca. As exibições chegaram ao Brasil, sem ser simultâneas, mas estão sendo um grande sucesso de público apesar de apresentarem óperas um tanto quanto desconhecidas do grande público como La Rondine e Orfeu e Eurídece.       Os lançamento em DVD dessas récitas era natural e esperado pelos amantes da Grande Arte. Alguns títulos já se encontram disponíveis no mercado, Macbeth, Manon Lescaut, Hansel and Gretel ,Perter Grims e La Bohème são alguns deles. Quem não pode assistir no cinema tem o DVD para salvar a pátria.      La Bohème me chegou as mãos esses dias , a coleção se intitula The Metropolitan Opera HD Live. De início temos uma apresentação com a René Fleming. A imagem excepcional unida a cenários soberbos desenhados por Franco Zeffirelli faz dessa Bohème se tornar perfeita.       O MET inova ao mostrar entre os atos os bastidores do teatro, a montagem dos cenários e o trabalho da equipe de apoio, os caras são muito profissionais.         Os solistas estão todos perfeitos, seria perca de tempo comentar cada um em separado. Tenho tido muitas dúvidas em relação as vozes nesses DVDs atuais. Todos cantam bem, ninguém erra uma nota, nada de desafinar.  Desconfio e muito da manipulação de imagens e sons nos DVDs gravados em HD.        As produções atuais são pensadas para o vídeo, o posicionamento das câmeras e os cenários interagem para nos mostrar ângulos antes impossíveis de serem vistos. Acabaram os cenários de pano e as roupas de brechó. As câmeras estáticas e a luz sem foco são parte do passado. A ópera agora está em outro patamar. A voz se torna um elemento do espetáculo e não o principal. Antes tínhamos cantores, hoje temos artistas.           Tudo perfeito, bonito e sem falhas. Cadê os erros do cantor, cadê o tombo da bailarina, cadê a polêmica ? Todos que assistem essa La Bohème a acharão perfeita,  chorarão pela Mimi e por Rodolfo. Temos uma unanimidade e como dizia o grande dramaturgo Nelson Rodrigues, toda a unanimidade é burra.        Ali Hassan Ayache
B000W7JWUA|3.0|Heard a lot about this game, so I thought I would try it out.    It lived up to the hype as far as game play.  Our very first game lasted over 2 hours with everyone holding the lead at one point and the least expected person stealing the win.    The \\"board\\" however is very chinzy.  It is composed of a couple dozen cardbard pieces that you put together for each game, hense the differnt board each time.    It is a good idea and works just fine, I just wish that they used better materials (plastic or wood) and that there were some sort of base that the pieces fit into.    Also, there 20+ pieces for each player (cities, roads, etc).  There is no good way to keep these (you get small ziplock bags), meaning that you can expect to lose pieces within a year.
B000GG4Y32|5.0|This movie is a classic and a definite must see for anyone interested in history or political/social revolutions. Although the movie is long it doesn't drag. There's plenty of romance and character development. Beatty, Keaton, Nicholson, and Stapleton all give great performances. It's a great movie to have in your home collection.
B00005QGAT|5.0|Michael Jackson's \\"Off The Wall\\" album is as iconic as his masterpiece \\"Thriller.\\" I was so happy to be able to replace my album, (yes I said ALBUM) with this digitially re-mastered updated disc with added demos and interviews. I cherish this music as I do all of the Jackson 5, The Jacksons and Michael's music! The King of Pop will live on forever and for anyone who doesn't have \\"Off The Wall\\" in your collection, it's a MUST HAVE. Early solo Michael at his best!
B00007CVSH|4.0|This has got to be the worst Manrico of all time.  He doesn't sing.  He swallows and gargles the notes.  Horrid.  More keys than a cheap motel.<br /><br />And I just listened yesterday to the Salsburg Trovatore with Corelli & Price, great as it gets.<br /><br />Villaroel is tepid but very easy on the ears.....and eyes.<br /><br />Hvor is magnificant as di Luna
B000XUBFE2|5.0|i loved reading this book.  i have never bothered to rate a book before but this one is exceptional.
B00168OIOE|5.0|This bluray movie is great in picture and quality! i just got it in mexico i dont know why it hasn`t been released in USA
0743290127|2.0|I picked this one up based on the quick notes I found.  I have picked it up and put it down several times.  I find it hard to follow as it flips between characters quickly.  It takes more concentration that I was willing to give to casual reading.
0307473465|3.0|I found this book to be very dark and unrelenting as if to say that nothing the Germans can do or say will ever be enough to assauge the Jewish pain.  The characters as written didn't illicit any sympathy from me but the subject was enough to be thought provoking.  Later I watched the movie and it was wonderful because finally the characters came alive and three dimensional.
B000ESST6U|5.0|[[ASIN:B000ESST6U Handel - Giulio Cesare (Glyndebourne Opera Festival 2006)]] Giulio Cesare was revived for the 2009 Glyndebourne Festival with nearly the same cast as the original 2005 production and the DVD. We saw the performance at Glyndebourne and bought the DVD on the same day; the live performance was a wonderful theatrical experience and it was thrilling to re-live it on the very faithful DVD. Danielle de Niese doesn't appear to have aged in the four years and Sarah Connolly is still as commanding. Incidentally, in the 2009 Glyndebourne Programme Book, the Executive Chairman, Gus Christie writes: \\"On a personal note. I am very happy to announce that Danielle de Niese and I are engaged to be married later this year.\\" So, I hope that we on this side of the pond will be seeing and hearing more of her.
6301174240|4.0|I received my item in a very timely fashion.  I got it even before the estimated arrival date.  It was in the condition as stated.  I would buy from this seller again.  I have no complaints whatsoever.
B002BSI6UU|5.0|With the exception of Memorial Beach, I've enjoyed all of the a-ha albums going back to the beginning.  With the success they've enjoyed around the world, I find it a bit strange that in the US, they're thought of as an '80s one hit wonder.  Foot of the Mountain has more of a synthpop sound than Analogue did, which I like.  Overall though, it continues on in the tradition of the previous 3 studio albums they've released this decade.
B001TODCII|2.0|This film has a lot of problems.    First of all, not for one second did I believe Neeson was the father of that girl.  It just didn't feel real at all.  Second he was so earnest and good that he's not a believable character.  Never really gets angry...he's just this warm ray of goodness in all he does.    Then the action ramps up.  Some of it didn't excite me; in particular there's a car chase that really bored me.  I also wish he would have been more passionate in disposing of the bad guys.  If I were slaughtering the men that stole my daughter, you can be sure I would have enjoyed it.    The whole time I was imagining how much better say...a smart-allecky Bruce Willis would have fit the bill.    I do have to say...there is one REALLY good \\"Oh ****!\\" moment that I won't spoil for anybody.  Man that was great.  But it doesn't make the film for me.    And then the end...not to give anything away...but it just seemed pointless, tacked on and hokey.  The emotional core of this film just isn't there.    If you're really desperate for some gunshot wounds and broken bones then this will do.  But I can't recommend it to anyone...except my parents.  They're a sucker for any thriller.
B001MS7IBS|4.0|I started watching Fringe from the beginning mainly because I'm a fan of Lost and this is another spawn of J.J. Abrams. This show didn't really hit it's stride until the middle of the season. It was at this point that the characters began to grow on me and the mysteries expanded. I couldn't stand the main character, Olivia Dunham, at first, but I ended up liking her the most by season's end. Same goes for the Walter Bishop character, played by John Noble (of The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King fame). He is one crazy mad scientist, but he provides most of the shows laughs. Fringe may not quite be at The X-Files level yet, but it has come pretty darn close for this genre of TV shows. It's well worth the time of any Sci-Fi fan and unlike many FOX shows, this one probably won't be canceled anytime soon due to the above average number of viewers.
B000ZEE3I6|5.0|A well written script by Steve Kloves, beautiful cinematography by Bruno Delbonnell, the most emotional score by Nicholas Hooper, and great performances by an ensemble cast, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the most charming, and magical so far of all the Harry Potter films released so far. David Yates, who's feature film debut was the previous entry Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, outdoes himself in this beautiful adaptation. At 2 hours and 33 minutes, the film's pacing was perfect thanks to the vastly improved editing by Mark Day. Many book fans will miss their favorite scenes, but should be able to appreciate the film staying faithful to the story. To those who have not read the books, its better to watch this film more than once, to let the story sink in, because a lot is going on in this packed film. Watch for an especially wonderful performance by actors Sir Michael Gambon as Professor Dumbledore, the beloved mentor of Harry and Headmaster of Hogwarts, and a hilarious but charming performance by Jim Broadbent as the new Potions Master Horace Slughorn, who will make you laugh and cry.
B0026RHR6K|2.0|Let's be quick :  Package : 10/20 -> Do no keep it in your video room  Storage : 04/20 -> [...] : have to put all the disc into individual boxes. [...]  Picture 1080p24 : 16/20 -> Can do better (beurk on season 1 disc 1 where the President meet the little girl on botanic ship, i thought i was viewing a VHS in my VCR that does no longer exist....)  Sound : 13/20 -> That's the problem. What happend on discs 2 to 4 of season 1 because i can't play it on bistream on my 3 blu-ray player (Dune BD Prime, Samsung BD-P1400 ; LG CG20W on PC) I have to play it on PCM.... Anyone as the same problem ?    Nevertheless Good show on BD !  Jacques
B0000X61VE|4.0|I used to do these workout tapes (yes, tapes) with my sister when I was starting college -- we both love the music selection for both workouts. As a former gymnast, cheerleader, swimmer, diver, I clearly don't consider a work out good unless I'm sore in places I didn't know I had. These workouts are perfect. When I saw Cindy doing the same work out exercises I used to do for gymnastics (which gave me a great shape), I knew I was on the right track (my sister says some were from her ballet practice as well). In this first video she does go a little fast from one set to the next, but that's why they invented pause right?     If you don't feel like going to the gym, but want to get a solid 40 minute work out at home without having to be \\"peppy\\" or watch some one who is \\"peppy\\", I highly recommend this workout. I can't believe I'm saying this 10 years later, but Cindy still kicks my butt. :) Thanks!
0307588335|4.0|With due respect to Lawrence G. McDonald, his \\"inside story\\" behind the collapse of Lehman Brothers is a fairly well documented account of what went down with this particular Wall Street firm; however, coming from the mouth of a middle manager, it lacks a certain degree of real credibility.  Had he been perched on the 31st floor, instead of way down on level three, he may have given the reader far more insight into the cast of characters' greed & hubris which helped topple their sprawling empire.<br /><br />Certainly, this is a story of the failure of common sense, and McDonald lays a good foundation with his analysis of the eroding corporate culture of his former firm.  Somehow, his shrewd account of this Wall Street meltdown seems ironic in its criticism.  Here's a guy who worked for Lehman Brothers for a number of years, but never attained top-level executive status; yet he's the \\"inside expert\\" depicting its inevitable decline?  I'm not saying McDonald is spewing forth a sour grapes attack of Big Brothers, but there's no doubt he's capitalizing on the marketing potential of ratting them out.<br /><br />But this is America, and capitalism is still alive & well, despite many reports of its demise.  McDonald's tell all tale may turn out to be the best \\"play\\" he ever came up with during his abbreviated tenure with this Wall Street renegade.  I'd like to read someone higher up the food chain give a rebuttal; or corroborate the ramblings of a disgruntled middle manager.
0440238609|5.0|I love this book series it was very engaging.  All the arguments about how dangerous this is to children reading the series always go over my head.  I can't imagine how all the dangerous complicated thoughts that some adults are so sure are going to destroy a child's soul.  They are just too complicated for any child to really come up with on their own.  The only dangerous ideas that they are going to get is for the adult to announce to the child the exact dangerous ideas that this material is supposed to give them.  Only then will they understand why the books are \\"supposed\\" to be so dangerous for them.  That is not really my point for writing this review though.  I have this series of books to thank for giving me a real interest in the concept of physics.  I know want to expand my mind and find out how the universe really works.  I want to find out what Dark Matter is or isn't.  I want to know about black holes.  I want to learn mathematics so that it will aid me in working out the more complex and fascinating concepts of physics and I think that is very exciting.  High school didn't give me as much fascination with science as this book series did and I have Phillip Pullman to thank for it.
B001FB55I0|2.0|For me this was the least liked Terminator movie,, I even liked 3 better.  It was a bit corney and watching Cristian Bale is hard to do after hearing his screaming rant temper tantrum he had while making the movie, its just hard to like or support an actor that is such a jerk in real life.  Cheers  Davyo
0807126071|5.0|Ignatius J. Reilly is the best main character I've come across.  It took me around 50 pages or so for that \\"ah ha\\" moment.  Once you start to place all of Ignatius's idiosyncrasies, you're in for some very special laughs. I was depressed when the book had to end, because I was simply enjoying too much, and have never read anything quite like it.  You may also enjoy Charles Bukowski, if you like this book.  If you have tastes that differ from top 20 best seller list, 5th grade reading level stuff, this is for you.  If you really want to know that this book is great, give it to someone who only reads Dan Brown type novels, and they will despise this...then you know you've got something great!
0743298039|5.0|This is an intriguing book!  It is definitely the best book I have read this summer.  Setterfield's characters were believable, fascinating......... She drew everything together in the end which left me feeling very satisfied.   I can't believe this is her first book.  I can't wait to read her next one!  Loved it!
1584282584|5.0|What a wonderful book. Just having read through it the first time I'm overwhelmed with the amount of fantastic info in here. And the photography in this book is beautiful.  He breaks down how each photo was shot in incredible detail, talking about the equipment and camera settings. There are many before-and-after shots that show the shot with and without flash or with different types of flash that really exemplify how important proper lighting really is. This is surely a must-have lighting book for any serious photographer and I can guarantee I'll be coming back to it time and time again.
B00000IFP6|2.0|David Zinmann is a very serious conductor, and he did a sensational work with the Tonnhalle Orchestra. First of all: the orchestra plays this cycle very well. What I really can't understand is a list of absurds things . First the ornamentation of the woodwinds solos. The cadenza of the oboe, for example , at the first movement of the 5th and the 7th are full of invented scales and trills . So are the solos of the Marcia Funebre of the 3th and the birds in the second movement of the Pastorale certainly ate stimulants . At the box is written that this recording follows the edition of Del Mar. I have the scores of this edition, and I can't find a lot of things that the conductor does.<br />  The second thing is the velocity . Never these works were played so fast, and so inexpressive . The first movement of the Pastorale is the most radical case.<br />  The sound of the recording isn't good.No brilliance and the orchestra sounds without relieve.<br />  After good recordings of this conductor and his orchestra of Strauss and with Beethoven piano concertos this recording sounds like a caricature. Thank goodness the Beethoven Symphonies are greater than these readings.
0375507256|5.0|This is a magical read. David Mitchell is a master at the art of intrigue and story telling. The novel is really six stories woven together in a very interesting way.  The stories span from an 1850's era ship journal; to a saga of a young and broke composer in Belgium in the 1930's who is writing the composition of a lifetime entitled Cloud Atlas - a Sextet; to a conspiracy and murder mystery thriller taking place near a nuclear plant in the 1970's; then to a very futuristic episode in an era of factories that churn out cloned human working class people (slaves); and finally to a new, but ancient Hawaii after most of earth's civilization has been destroyed and just a few pockets of primitive cultures remain. The novel addresses many human frailties and the potential for both good and evil that is inherent in each individual. I loved it.  It was difficult to put down, so plan to read it when you have the luxury of carving out a good chunk of reading time.
B0002XH9Z4|1.0|Order Date: July 7th, not yet shipped. Where is my order??? Expected this at least a week ago. Very disappointed. Would at least like a note from Amazon saying they are on Back Order?
B00192IV0O|4.0|Really like the tracks on the new Black Eyed Peas CD. Makes you wanna get up and shake a tail feather.
B001HN69AE|1.0|Well, to put it lightly, don't let the title (or rating) fool you, because this is not at all like the series it's based on. To be blunt, the only thing it has in common is the names. The spirit of the series, the morals it taught have been sacrificed in favor of a much more generalized and sexed-up Hollywood message.     The character personalities have all been altered to the point that they are barely, if at all, recognizable. In fact, if you didn't hear the characters names, even WITH familiarity of the series, you wouldn't know who half of them are supposed to be. Goku has gone from a carefree, pure-hearted, happy-go-lucky guy to a brooding teen that only cares about fitting in and getting lucky with the ladies, as well as sometimes wanting to hurt those who scorn him. Bulma has gone from the rich girl heiress with a genius IQ hunting Dragon Balls to wish for a boyfriend to a gun-toting Tomb Raider copycat who wants to harness the Dragon Balls' suspected energy to make money off of it. Chi-Chi has been changed into a shallow rich girl that completely ignores Goku until she sees he has special powers. Roshi's perverted personality has been toned down, and while that may be a sigh of relief for some parents, it's been toned down to such a ridiculous level that he seems more like a pubescent 13 year old than anything else, and he's been altered from the 200 year old master that witnessed Piccolo's destruction firsthand, as well as his master's sacrifice to seal him away to a middle-aged slacker that is a skeptic that Piccolo ever even existed. Yamcha has gone from a stealthy desert bandit and expert fighter to a fool with a small IQ who digs holes in the desert and waits for people to fall in so that he can pull them out... for a price, of course. Then there's Piccolo himself, who went from believing himself to be the King of Demons to being a Warlord on the planet Namek (that may not bother those not in the know so much, but it's a gross inaccuracy) and all menace that his character puts out was lost in this film.     Now other notable changes include: the need of a Dragon Temple to use the Dragon Balls, as well as a ritual dance to summon the Dragon, missing characters important to the story, such as Goku's best friend Krillin, who he grew up with (while training under Roshi, might I add), Korin, the master that gae Goku the strength to beat Piccolo, and Tien, Goku's former rival who joined him to get revenge for the death of his friend.     Now if that isn't enough to bother you, for a PG rating, the movie is anything but appropriate fare for children. Sexual imagery in some of Goku's fantasies about Chi-Chi, Bulma and Yamcha wink and make thinly veiled jokes when they believe Goku and Chi-Chi had sex, Goku and Chi-Chi are seen intensley making out more than once, and all ladies in this film, especially Piccolo's assassin, wear greatly clevage-bearing shirts/suits throughout the film.     All in all, this movie isn't really appropriate for kids on a theme level, it's too dull and disjointed for adults due to some HORRID acting and sloppy editing and directing, and it's CERTAINLY not aimed at fans, unless their goal was to offend them. My recommendation: save your money and wait for Season 1 of the original Dragon Ball to come out on DVD in September. Trust me, it's ten times as entertaning.
B0002V7O3S|2.0|Want to know what really happened? Then read the book, instead. This movie, highly dramatised, severly distorts much of Travis' experiences. It is entertaining, which it was meant to be, but for studying UFOs, get the book.
B00260HH3K|1.0|Well, to put it lightly, don't let the title (or rating) fool you, because this is not at all like the series it's based on. To be blunt, the only thing it has in common is the names. The spirit of the series, the morals it taught have been sacrificed in favor of a much more generalized and sexed-up Hollywood message.    The character personalities have all been altered to the point that they are barely, if at all, recognizable. In fact, if you didn't hear the characters names, even WITH familiarity of the series, you wouldn't know who half of them are supposed to be. Goku has gone from a carefree, pure-hearted, happy-go-lucky guy to a brooding teen that only cares about fitting in and getting lucky with the ladies, as well as sometimes wanting to hurt those who scorn him. Bulma has gone from the rich girl heiress with a genius IQ hunting Dragon Balls to wish for a boyfriend to a gun-toting Tomb Raider copycat who wants to harness the Dragon Balls' suspected energy to make money off of it. Chi-Chi has been changed into a shallow rich girl that completely ignores Goku until she sees he has special powers. Roshi's perverted personality has been toned down, and while that may be a sigh of relief for some parents, it's been toned down to such a ridiculous level that he seems more like a pubescent 13 year old than anything else, and he's been altered from the 200 year old master that witnessed Piccolo's destruction firsthand, as well as his master's sacrifice to seal him away to a middle-aged slacker that is a skeptic that Piccolo ever even existed. Yamcha has gone from a stealthy desert bandit and expert fighter to a foll with a small IQ who digs holes in the desert and waits for people to fall in so that he can pull them out... for a price, of course. Then there's Piccolo himself, who went from believing himself to be the King of Demons to being a Warlord on the planet Namek (that may not bother those not in the know so much, but it's a gross inaccuracy) and all menacethat his character puts out was lost in this film.    Now other notable changes include: the need of a Dragon Temple to use the Dragon Balls, as well as a ritual dance to summon the Dragon, missing characters important to the story, such as Goku's best friend Krillin, who he grew up with (while training under Roshi, might I add), Korin, the master that gae Goku the strength to beat Piccolo, and Tien, Goku's former rival who joined him to get revenge for the death of his friend.    Now if that isn't enough to bother you, for a PG rating, the movie is anything but appropriate fare for children. Sexual imagery in some of Goku's fantasies about Chi-Chi, Bulma and Yamcha wink and make thinly veiled jokes when they believe Goku and Chi-Chi had sex, Goku and Chi-Chi are seen intensley making out more than once, and all ladies in this film, especially Piccolo's assassin, wear greatly clevage-bearing shirts/suits throughout the film.    All in all, this movie isn't really appropriate for kids on a theme level, it's too dull and disjointed for adults due to some HORRID acting and sloppy editing and directing, and it's CERTAINLY not aimed at fans, unless their goal was to offend them. My recommendation: save your money and wait for Season 1 of the original Dragon Ball to come out on DVD in September. Trust me, it's ten times as entertaning.
B000065V41|5.0|This review is regarding the ORIGINAL DVD release and is not referring to later releases, including the 50th Anniversary release.<br /><br />Considering this was the first film made after the passing of Jim Henson, the chances of it being a flop were huge, but I, for one, am not disappointed.  It is my favorite book of all time.  I have seen countless versions in film, and this is my second favorite.  (The Alistair Sim version is the best version there is.)<br /><br />True, the Muppets (except Gonzo and Rizzo) are not necesssarily true to their Muppet characters, but they are very well cast in the roles they play in the story.  As a matter of fact, I can't stand Robin - at all - but he doesn't bother me as Tiny Tim.  There is, sadly, not nearly enough of Louie the Boomerang Fish Thrower, but that can be said of every Muppet film.  The creators have even creatively fit characters that you wouldn't normally \\"cast\\" in the story very smoothly - including the Swedish Chef and Dr. Teeth & the Electric Mayhem.<br /><br />I cannot accurately say what is missed on the edges of the screen, but considering the Muppets are the masters at background details, I can trust other reviewers who say there are bits that can't be seen.<br /><br />The \\"deleted\\" song.<br />**Sigh**<br />I'm not sure what everyone is talking about as my version - groan - HAS \\"When Love is Gone.\\"  Perhaps there are other releases that did not include it.  For the purists, I understand that we SHOULD NOT EVER edit movies from their original theatrical versions.  I can't even stand all the \\"director's cuts\\" that come out.  I don't mind deleted scenes as a DVD feature, but they should not run during the film - unless they include two versions on the disk.  Here are my two cents about the song.  I HATE it.  It should not even have been in the theatrical version (which it was). It's a decent melody (reprised later in the finale) with mediocre lyrics, sung poorly by a character that the audience has only seen in one scene prior, which is not nearly enough time to care about her.  (Just as a side note, we barely know this character in Dickens' original text, which is even more reason NOT to have her sing.) We watch this movie every year on Christmas Eve morning, and we ALWAYS skip this ridiculous, plot-slowing song.<br /><br />Michael Caine is a brilliant Scrooge.  As another review stated he is not a caricature of greed so often portrayed, and this makes his change at the end much more logical and realistic.  He clearly has studied many other versions, and his performance rivals that - and often imitates - that of Alistair Sim in the 1951 version - which is probably why I like him so much in this role.  Although it IS the first time we have a human main character, I can't think of a Muppet I would like to play this role, so I don't mind too much.<br /><br />Those are my thoughts.  I have no compalints about anything, really.  It's a great film - very well done, although I can see why some would be upset about the edges cut off.  If a scene - however dreadful it might be - is cut from other releases, that is a TRAVESTY, and I wish there was a way to boycott without denying myself gems such as the Muppet films.nough time to care about her.  (Just as a side note, we barely know this character in Dickens' original text, which is even more reason NOT to have her sing.) We watch this movie every year on Christmas Eve morning, and we ALWAYS skip this ridiculous, plot-slowing song.    Michael Caine is a brilliant Scrooge.  As another review stated he is not a caricature of greed so often portrayed, and this makes his change at the end much more logical and realistic.  He clearly has studied many other versions, and his performance rivals that - and often imitates - that of Alistair Sim in the 1951 version - which is probably why I like him so much in this role.  Although it IS the first time we have a human main character, I can't think of a Muppet I would like to play this role, so I don't mind too much.      Those are my thoughts.  I have no compalints about anything, really.  It's a great film - very well done, although I can see why some would be upset about the edges cut off.  If a scene - however dreadful it might be - is cut from other releases, that is a TRAVESTY, and I wish there was a way to boycott without denying myself gems such as the Muppet films.
0385340990|4.0|This book is beautiful, heart-wrenching, and engaging. The characters are strong and true, believable.  It is an eye-opener about WWII in England and the Channel Islands, a reminder about wars and occupations, that can inform our thinking about modern day occupations also.<br /><br />Yet I would not recommend it without a strong caveat.  It is well-written, but the ending rings false, out of character for the writer we come to know throughout the story.  This diminishes the work significantly.<br /><br />Juliet is a woman of words and thought, who waits weeks to visit the place and meet the people that have enchanted her.  She writes notes to her intimates, sometimes several times a day, rather than borrow a phone or travel a mile or two to see them.  She writes to her friends informing them of her thoughts before she acts, asking for advice on her feelings.  She has avoided, well, escaped two very devoted suitors.<br /><br />She has taken her time getting to know her ultimate romantic interest, appreciating him for all his qualities, with their friendship following a typical pattern of gentle ups and downs.  After the other story lines are addressed, some with endings, some with future plans, this one thread is taken up again.<br /><br />But instead of letters, with perhaps the gentle unfolding of events or an affectionate relating of a romantic connection, we are for no apparent reason reading a diary of another character.  This is out of step with the rest of the story; it grates.  Better that the final letter which closes the story, replace that section, if a hurry-up ending was in demand.<br /><br />In fact, nothing more was needed about the romance - the relationship had gentle swells and troughs, and leaving it open going forward was fine for the story.<br /><br />Juliet walking up to a man she's never even held hands with, and with no preamble proposing marriage?  No, and what's the point?  Marriage is not important to her.<br /><br />The unreal cheap romance novel ending, out of character for Juliet and unnecessary for the book, destroys its pace and integrity.  It does not leave the reader feeling happy, it leaves us feeling like we've been given the bum's rush.<br /><br />If it is important to take this story thread further, we should see a letter to a friend perhaps, explaining how Juliet and her love realize they care for each other.  Or letters between Juliet and her romantic interest, closing the book as it starts.<br /><br />That would be in keeping with the book, the characters, and provide all the audience might needs to know.  Instead, the ending as written drops the book from a 5 star to a 3 star. For how the author leaves a story is at least as important as how it is started and how it proceeds.  Was the point of _this_ story really to get Juliet acting with incautious spontaneity and engaged to be married, again?<br /><br />If you haven't read it yet, I would suggest that when you reach the end, skip the \\"diary\\" by Isola, jump from the letter before it to the letter at the end, and stop.  If you are the sort that must read every written word, do this first, then go back to read the diary and narrative pieces.necessary for the book, destroys its pace and integrity.  It does not leave the reader feeling happy, it leaves us feeling like we've been given the bum's rush.    If it is important to take this story thread further, we should see a letter to a friend perhaps, explaining how Juliet and her love realize they care for each other.  Or letters between Juliet and her romantic interest, closing the book as it starts.     That would be in keeping with the book, the characters, and provide all the audience might needs to know.  Instead, the ending as written drops the book from a 5 star to a 3 star. For how the author leaves a story is at least as important as how it is started and how it proceeds.  Was the point of _this_ story really to get Juliet acting with incautious spontaneity and engaged to be married, again?      If you haven't read it yet, I would suggest that when you reach the end, skip the \\"diary\\" by Isola, jump from the letter before it to the letter at the end, and stop.  If you are the sort that must read every written word, do this first, then go back to read the diary and narrative pieces.
1416550534|2.0|If I could, I would give this 2.5 stars.  Mediocre story telling at best.  I didn't like the narrative style.  Too titanic-esque for my tastes.  Left me, the reader, separated from the main characters and action.  I liked the story, just not the way it was told.  Near the end, the author drops the narrative perspective; that was my favorite chapter and likely the only reason I read to the end.  I did skip the present tense scenes over the last part of the book in order to keep the rhythm moving up to the climax, then went back and re-read what I had missed.  Strong ending, poor style. Also, the author made the narrator out to be far too naive, dare I say stupid, as a young woman.  The characters around her were far more engaging, which, in my opinion, was a fatal flaw in the novel's construction.
B00204AA0O|5.0|Even though I'm perhaps a bit older than Regina's main audience (I'm 58), I stumbled across this CD after reading an article about it and thinking at the time that this sounded like something I'd enjoy. Well, I was right! This is a terrific CD from someone I had never really heard of before and one of the best I've heard in a long, long time. I can certainly see some Grammy nominations coming her way! A modern classic!
B00013AXEE|5.0|Spurred by a comment by Roger Ebert that this book is, along with The Elements of Style, one of the best books on writing, I bought The Art of Writing.  It's certainly not as technical as The Elements of Style, but there are nuggets of wisdom that I've used or referred to continually, i.e., rarely using adverbs.      King weaves his personal story throughout these rules of English, and his voice comes through much like his columns for Entertainment Weekly--personal, strong, casual, funny, never boring.  Some may think that his extended description of his early struggles as a writer, the car accident that left him fighting for his life, as well as his drug addictions, to be irrelevant to the central purpose of the book.  But something like writing is so dependent on personal perspective and experiences, so it's absolutely natural, if not integral, that he brought them in.      In fact, those experiences elevate the book from mere rulebook into inspirational territory.  It's fascinating and uplifting to read about how through it all, something propelled King to write -- through countless rejections and alcohol and drugs and a life-threatening accident -- and I can only hope that I have that same fire.
0307408833|5.0|Erin McKenna is a genius, her recipes are absolutely delicious, the recipes are very user friendly and simple, and you get a delicious product in the end. I can't believe gluten-free desserts could be made so moist and decadent. A great book to have for those of use with food sensitivity.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|If you haven't seen Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog then you are SERIOUSLY missing out.  The writing and acting (and even singing) caliber are as high as anything else Joss Whedon has ever produced - despite the low \\"made-for-internet\\" budget.  The story is compelling, moving, AND hillarious.  And the songs are so catchy!  (Plus, Neil Patrick Harris is a dream boat.)  If you enjoy awesome things, then you MUST WATCH THIS!
B001993Y2C|3.0|Got the Blu-ray set today and am enjoying the series from the first episode on.  There really is no need to comment on the series, since if you are ordering it you are already aware that it's a keeper.  No, I only write this review to HIGHLY recommend that you purchase additional DVD sleeves so that you can remove the discs from the packaging and stuff it in a deep, dark closet where it belongs.  The box is ungainly and there is NO episode booklet.  (In this day and age, and for this price, that's insane...you may know what the episodes are, sure, but WHICH DISC are they on?!!)  The rest of the packaging is a flimsy joke, and the action figure is a valueless piece of plastic.    In short, buy the set for the good price and the sheer value, but get disc sleeves ASAP so you can toss the box under a bus or use it as an UGLY doorstop.
0545128285|4.0|The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a collection of 5 fairy tales, each of them teaching a lesson to the reader. The commentary and footnotes are by none other than Professor Dumbledore.<br />The tales included are:<br />The Wizard and the Hopping Pot, The Fountain of Fair Fortune, The Warlock's Hairy Heart, Babbity Rabbity and Her Cackling Stump and The Tale of the Three Brothers.<br />I think my favorite of the stories was The Warlock's Hairy Heart. As creepy as it was, it grabbed my attention the most. Having said that, that story is the one I would not recommend for young children.<br /><br />I enjoyed reading this collection and I think most Harry Potter fans would enjoy it too. And very cool that J.K. Rowling is donating proceeds of the book sales to charity. I found the commentaries and footnotes by Dumbledore to be especially charming. If I remember correctly, The Tales of Beedle the Bard was mentioned in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
B000002JSJ|1.0|without a doubt the worst album ever by led zep.boring.dull. uninteresting.blues rock by the numbers with no soul. they were worn out from touring and the bad luck that ensued(accidents,death,etc.) make this less then wonderful.and the band Heart would have the audacity to rip off achille's last stand to make barracuda. no wonder page didn't sue them.nobody's fault but mine was made much better on unledded. avoid at all costs.
B000KIRT6A|5.0|My small vocal group does outdoor gigs at festivals that don't always provide power. We needed a way to provide sound to a small audience using an AMD Omni mic.run through a battery powered phantom power unit to a Roland Cube [[ASIN:B0002D0096 Roland MicroCube Amplifier ( Black )]]. The problem was that the Omni mic. has such an impedance range that the cube would feed back if we placed it anywhere within six feet of the mic. The Behringer Ulimate 7-Band equalizer solved our problem with great ease and succuss. After setting up the equipment, we just added the equalizer between the Phantom power unit and the cube, adjusted the slider bars for several of the frequency bands, and we were in business. We can use this set up in any outdoor setting with a small audience and there is pleanty of clear sound without feedback. I would give you one warning though; this set up won't work with an indoor gig. That's because there are way to many surfaces for the mic. impedance to bounce off from and this little unit won't help you there. Use regular cardiod pattern vocal mics. in those situations.
B001QTXM5Y|5.0|After watching this movie more than a few times, I have to say the ending was especially better than the one in the comic.  The graphic novel for all it's complexity and commentary on the super hero genre, had many subplots, and could easily been lost in translation.  The director seamlessly puts the characters together in a three hour film that entertains the audience.<br /><br />What impressed me the most was one didn't have to be a fan of the comic. The extras  showed fans, director Zack took his source material seriously. I read this novel when it was published as a mini-series back in 1986-87.  When I knew there was going to be a film based on Watchmen, I thought it was going to be a total loss.  To my surprise it was better than most of the comic related films I saw in the past ten years.  It's a film that can be seen several times.  I get something new each time I see it.<br /><br />Watchmen was origially a story about the Charlton characters bought by DC comics.  Rosarch ( if I spelled it correctly) was a combination of Steve Ditko's Mr. A and The Question.  I was hoping DC would use the above characters in a set of direct to DVD animated films. At least get an interview Steve Ditko! He inspired the Rosarch character on the DVD cover!
1401322425|5.0|I love Jamie Oliver's books and this is one of my favorites. I like that he's using simple ingredients and result is always full of flavor. He's writing style is very earthy and even enjoyable to read as a novel.    Besides great recipes he teaches you how to grow your own vegetables and you don't even have to have a garden for that. He also talks about free-range eggs which actually do make a huge difference in cooking.    I have tried several recipes from this book and so far every single one has turned out great, my favorite is probably his English onion soup, the best onion soup I have ever eaten.    If you enjoyed his TV-series \\"Jamie at Home\\" you'll also love his book.
B001DJLD1M|5.0|Of all of the films I thought Revolutions was predicatable.  However the FX were terrific and it was good to see the saga end on a positive note.  I was expecting it to be part of a dream. Like many sci fi films that want to impress critics, this one entertains.  Without being too analitical, this film was intended to be a popcorn movie.  The Animatrix concentrates more on the start of the machine overthrow of humanity.  The first one was the best out of all nine shorts.  If there is an Animatrix sequel, I'd much prefer the CGI rendered characters. It's more fitting to have the entire film in CGI than the cartoony equivalent.
0307266303|5.0|Author has a gift for telling a great story.  Book can be enjoyed by anyone, not just runners.
B000088E77|4.0|Led by lazy-eyed frontman Colin Hay, Men at Work is to Australia's popular music as \\"Mad Max\\" is to Australian film--about as good as it gets.  They rock by way of Sting and the Police, with less-obvious reggae influences, less grit, more humility (and kook), and more showmanship (i.e. a few too many keyboards).  But they rock well, very well, even, most of the time.  Hay's lyrics are pointed, impressive, almost poignant on \\"I Can See It in Your Eyes.\\"  Bandmembers Greg Ham, who plays the woodwinds and brass instruments (!), and Ron Strykert, the guitarist, contribute similarly effective songs.  Hay's meandering, nonsensical \\"Catch a Star\\" isn't worth much, but don't underestimate the value of the rest of it.
0061765236|4.0|This was a good read, I could not put it down at the beginning but it was painful to read at times, having a 17 year old daughter myself.  One thing that really bothered me - they barely touched on the fact that Emily was suffering from major clinical depression - which could have been treated with antidepressants.  What a tragedy and a waste.  Especially in regards to her mother blaming herself - what an unfair and harsh portrayal of the mother, that bothered me too.  There was little compassion shown to the mother at all, by any character - except maybe her husband but then look what he ended up doing.
0061544493|5.0|In the Fashion world, Victoria Beckham has undeniably become Royalty to Style, Grace, and Sheer Elegance. Her book was an amazing read and her tips from lucious locks to Helpful Heel hints make this an almost inspirational book to look and feel only your best! If only Victoria could write every book on every topic women should be informed of- We would never need to worry about the dressing room ever again! I found her book to be 5 Stars and pleasantly informative. She has quickly become one of my most beloved and respected authors of all time! Amazing work Victoria!
B001PR0Y5S|5.0|So rom-coms are pretty predictable. It doesn't mean they can't be enjoyable.I love Ryan Reynolds and Sandra Bullock and I think they made a great pair on screen. There were some parts where I was laughing so hard I was crying. And I still felt that stomach clenching when it seemed like things were about to go totally wrong. I liked this movie. After all the romcoms that have been mass produced as of lately, this is one I wouldn't mind watching again.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|For nearly three decades, one of my very favorite books has been The Book of Ebenezer LePage, the posthumous novel by Guernseyman G.B. Edwards; it covers a greater span of time than The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, but that span includes the German occupation of the Island. Edward's book (his only) is more heartbreaking: it is of lost loves of a woman and an island. Edwards was an old man when he wrote it, one no longer able to live on Guernsey which, because of its peculiar tax laws, had become a magnet for corporate headquarters and their attendant suits by the 60s, and few natives could afford to live there. Both his book and this one present a society that no longer exists, and that is enough for me to have a tinge of sadness in my delight at this one.<br /><br />It is wonderful that such a small place can inspire two such books.
0307408833|4.0|First, let me start by saying that the Babycakes book is about both gluten-free and vegan baking. Anyone, who has tried to do both at the same time, will appreciate the addition of even a couple of great, reliable recipes to their repertoire, which is precisely what this book does.    Before I got this book, Erin's brownie recipe (which she had generously shared on a gfcf board) was the staple of my vegan, gluten-free baking. Not only was it the best brownie I've ever had (including those from my gluten-eating days), it was also the most reliable gluten-free vegan recipe I had tried. So I morphed it into all kinds of other muffins and cupcakes. After getting the book, I tried the vanilla cupcake right away and it was AWESOME! It had the right structure and crumb, retained its shape and was beyond delicious (although I did have to bake it longer than the recipe stated). My daughter was ecstatic and all of my gluten-eating, non-vegan friends thought it was an excellent cupcake. None of us detected an aftertaste from the garbanzo flour. I also tried the carrot cupcakes and the meyer lemon and bing cherry cupcakes and they were great, too! So, for me, this book was worth every penny just for that those few recipes. There could be better or easier options for the folks whose only restriction is gluten-free. Given our multiple allergies though, this was a godsend for us.     Now the reality check - as others have already mentioned, the book is not entirely gluten-free (which is a real pity), so be careful! The Pies & Cobblers and the Biscuits & Scones sections are entirely spelt-based. In addition, half the muffin recipes use spelt. For the pies and cobblers, you can easily substitute any gf flour mix and it wouldn't really matter. However, I am disappointed that not a single scone or biscuit recipe is gluten-free. As for the muffins, I use the three gf recipes as the base for any kind of muffin and just change the flavors (Erin has guidelines for how much of which fruitsand veggies to add per cup of flour). However, since most spelt recipes in the book could be converted to gluten-free, one has to wonder why Erin didn't do the work for us already? As far as ingredients go, yes, they are expensive but that's not news to people on special diets. Assuming you are not the type of gluten-free baker that only uses ready-made mixes, you would already be familiar with most, if not all, of the ingredients used in the book. I am, however, disappointed that she recommends using agave syrup and a ready-made mix as staples. Agave is a refined/man-made sweetener very high in fructose (similar to high fructose corn syrup). Why anyone would add that to their diet is beyond me. As far as the mix is concerned, I think Bob's mixes are fine in a pinch but they are an expensive shortcut and I prefer to make my own (it's not that hard to replicate Bob's mix without the flours you don't like). I can only imagine the reason the mix is included in here is to make it simpler for the reader. Luckily, you don't have to follow that recommendation if you don't like it.     All in all, this book is a valuable addition to the library of any gluten-free, vegan baker. While there is clearly room for improvement in the next edition, this is an excellent start and people with multiple allergies/sensitivities will appreciate the menu-expanding options this book offers.
B001HN69AE|1.0|This movie is really horrible.the story doesn't make any sense<br />Chatwin is a cool actor. however when he plays Goku.<br />He his so emotionless and thats not like the Son Goku that everyone knows!!<br />Who ever watch the real Dragon Ball Anime knows this movie is Crap !!.<br />from the beginning to the end !!!<br /><br />Fox you suck in making movies !!<br />thanks for destroying this epic Anime !!<br />I hope!! no one buy this garbage of a film
B000O77SOK|5.0|Please advise when or if the rest of the series will be made available on DVD.  I love this series.  Thank you.
B0026OE2O8|5.0|The aerial cinematography in this film is terrific to watch, and that is why it rates 5 stars.  You will definitely want the blu-ray version, because the detail is astonishing.  There are some strange things about the American language script however.  First, some poor, yet should-have-been-obvious edits for this audience, for example:  1) Grand Canyon of Arizona, or of the Colorado, not in Colorado, 2) Towns started up more than 6,000 years ago, not 600 years ago.  Second, the message often had nothing to do with the images.  You notice this right away when we are looking at glacial ice-fields in Iceland, and the narrator is talking about rivers.  What was that all about?  What does a healthy, swimming whale have to do with the plight of ocean fisheries?  It appears that there was a collection of TERRIFIC video, and someone needed a \\"socially relevant\\" script to accompany its presentation, but the match was not tight.  Third, there is an enormous dichotomy between more than an hour spent in hopeless and dreadful pessimism about the planet, followed by a few minutes of optimism that was kind of unsupported.  I mean, if Americans are the worst offenders on the Planet, what does more education and aid to third world countries have to do with the impact of overpopulation and technology?  Fourth, core issues like population control and political instability were not addressed at all.  I am afraid that valid points like the link between meat consumption and high levels of resource utilization get lost in the message of aid to developed countries, or the lack of a real solution here.  After all, if we are all vegetarians consuming 1/10 of the agricultural resources per capita, what happens when there are 10 times as many of us in a few years?  What about this urban blight?  Can we all go rural, not suburban, but really rural?  Aren't we better off when people in third world countries don't drive automobiles?  So, I think the messages here do raise a lot of thought, but are short on convincing answers, or convincing video evidence.  The \\"feel good\\" stuff at the end is just that.  My well-to-do neighbors have college educations, and they still eat beef and shrimp from shrimp farms that are destroying mangrove forest,fill their refrigerators with bottled water, and they drive SUVs without remorse!  Maybe we need more clear thinking about human nature, not just some comforting blurbs about how good we could be if things were just right! But, such a cinematographic journey this is!
0140077243|5.0|This is a great adventure story for teens and adults.  I loved this book as a child and it was still good reading it again in my 30s.  Some versions of the book have the red and green lettering, as this one does.  That makes it nice for younger readers because they have a quick reference for which part of the story they are reading about, reality or fantasy.    The characters come alive and, for the most part, are quite well developed.
B000IOM1YQ|5.0|I bought the cassette tape when it first came out (I could take it in my car!!!whoohoo!!!) Of course, as with cassettes, it was, alas, not very durable.  Besides the fact the ones you really liked wore out completely, they also tended to stretch, flip over, melt, etc.  I purchased the CD from Amazon, it was great!  Then some jerk broke into my house and made off with about 30 CD's including this one and Edgar Allen Poe.  I've repurchased the Poe(which I have on original vinyl also) but have yet to re-buy this.  It is on the list.  My favorite song is Limelight, but Stereotomy is right up there.
B002BGCCZC|3.0|I like some of Muse's songs and I don't like others. But a MAJOR detractor for me is the lead singer's gasps in between each line he belts out in his crazy (but distinctive) falsetto. Other singers can manage to breathe off the mike or whatever, what is up with this guy? Is it just a vocal technique issue? It's very distracting--I can't even hear the music for all the breaths he gasps: \\"La la la GASP! la la la GASP!\\"  Watch, now that you are listening for it, you won't be able to ignore it!
B0028K31CE|4.0|Okay, yes it took awhile for me to get over the missing afro, but I've  embraced the evolving Maxwell.  I definitely can appreciate his time-off because he has returned and it's all about the music!  This time around he's a little more gritty, funky...more about the instruments rather than his vocals.  I'm feeling it! The radio might not have much to play other than a few tracks, but for the true Maxwell fans..who needs the radio.  The DVD deluxe edition is great!!  It gave the actual songs more depth when you can see how it was all put together.  Overall...My thirst is quenched and I can't wait for the 2nd CD in this trilogy!
031606792X|4.0|First, Mrs. Meyer, if you are still reading these, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE put Midnight Sun back on the to do list!! I read the copy posted on your website and it is by far, IMHO, the best of these stories.  The story told through Edward's eyes is so much more vital and interesting than the filter of self-doubt that colors Bella's narrative.    I loved the Twilight series as a whole. I adored Twilight--what an amazing love story that so well captured the longing and uncertainty of teenage love. New Moon drove me crazy--while I certainly did feel that empty and lost after my first teenage breakup, I really couldn't stand a female character in this day and age who was just so selfless and lost! Girl meets boy and loses her whole identity? Would have loved if Bella had been a track star or something athletic so they could \\"race\\" each other (I know, wouldn't work, but give our daughters something to strive for!).  Eclipse was better and a good story but it was a warm up for the end of the plot arc.  I especially liked the friendship of sorts that develops between the two male characters.    Breaking Dawn: I loved certain elements of Breaking Dawn--I loved that Bella finally gets her \\"power\\" after three books of powerlessness (except for her ability to love and be hurt) and it is so appropriate that her power is to protect her loved ones. I am ok with the baby and the marriage and even the imprinting. But I agree with others that there was so much potential for this book and the relationships. And I have to agree that Bella got off way too easily with no sacrifices. All the hype about the newborn vampire stage really should have at least provided a few tense moments.  And while Bella's conversion into a vampire worked with the plot, I was certainly disappointed that it wasn't a more vital, intimate experience as opposed to the clinical ER treatment. Kind of a let down...(but consistent with Edward's desire not to take her soul unless there was no other choice).     I appreciate that it's a fictional work, and the the bar was very high for the final installment, and I did really enjoy the completion of the storyline. I am re-reading the \\"good parts\\" and am still enjoying it. I heartily recommend this series, and this book in particular.
B00005JPO1|1.0|Lifelong fan of Indiana Jones?  You might be disappointed.      This movie took everything we liked about the Indiana Jones movies and stripped it out.  The acting and dialog, even by Harrison Ford, are canned and emotionless.  The costumes and lighting were terribly done, much like that of the new Star Wars movies.  Not only were the actors behaving like the lines were being read straight off a script, but it was always as if it was the 10th take, after laughing hysterically.      The movie played more like a cast reunion and tired reanimation of the characters, than a fresh new Indy that fans have been waiting for.  There was a lot of reach by LucasFilm/ILM, to animate everything that they didn't want to take the time to film correctly, the old fashioned way.  What did this result in?  Computer generated monkeys, cars, nuclear blasts, and other scenes that look more like a video game than that of an Indiana Jones film.    Speaking of video games, the nuclear blast in the movie that sends Indy flying across the desert in a lead-lined refrigerator, landing a mile away, with no injuries.... really?  This is the kind of stuff we see in video games, and the graphics were pretty similar, and it totally drops anyone in the audience who has any sense of realism.  Video gamers may find these scenes believable (?).    Sadly, this movie is an awful franchise killer.  George Lucas needs to retire from movies and enjoy the billion$ that he created in his younger years.  This movie is an offense to anyone who loved the Indiana Jones series, before it.  The first clue that he was doing things wrong, was when he was having to CGI monkeys and close-ups of ants.  The second should have been when he used his video game staff to create the physics and graphics for this film.  A truly disappointing feature, which will not ever be landing in my collection.
B001HN69AE|2.0|\\"Dragon Ball\\", a series that many fans in Japan and all over the world have looked at the manga (Japanese comic books), anime (Japanese animation) and its characters as passionately as those who have grown up with iconic superheroes as Superman, Batman, Spider-Man and the X-Men.<br /><br />Needless, to say that \\"Dragonball\\", may it be the original, \\"Dragonball Z\\" or even \\"Dragonball GT\\" are still series that no matter how many years have passed since the manga/anime/video games were released in Japan and even worldwide, continues to make money and its fandom continues to grow.<br /><br />Whenever a passionate series is discussed about being brought over to a live action film, this is where directors, screenwriters and casting need to be fully aware of the rabid fandom out there.  Granted, no one is expecting a 100% complete translation from series to live-action film but most often at times, the producers and the director try to listen to fans as best as they can (ie. films like \\"Transformers\\", \\"G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra\\").<br /><br />Here we are with \\"Dragonball Evolution\\", produced by popular HK filmmaker and star Stephen Chow (\\"Shaolin Soccer\\", \\"Kung Fu Hustle\\", \\"CJ7', \\"A Chinese Odyssey\\", etc.) a film directed by James Wong (\\"Final Destination\\", \\"The Others\\", \\"The One\\" and episodes of \\"The X-Files\\" and \\"Millenium\\"), a screenplay by Ben Ramsey (\\"The Big Hit\\" and \\"Love and Bullet\\"), music by Brian Tyler (\\"Eagle Eye\\", \\"Fast & Furious\\", \\"Bangkok Dangerous\\", etc.) and cinematography by Robert McLachlan (\\"Final Destination\\", \\"Bionic Woman\\", \\"Harper's Island\\", etc.).<br /><br />The film would star Justin Chatwin (\\"War of the Worlds\\" and \\"Traffic\\"), Chow Yun-Fat (\\"Hard Boiled\\", \\"The Killer\\", \\"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon\\"), Emmy Rossum (\\"Mystic River\\", \\"Poseidon\\" and \\"The Day After Tomorrow\\"), Jamie Chung (\\"Princess Protection Program\\", \\"Samurai Girl\\" and \\"Greek\\"), James Marsters (\\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\", \\"Angel\\" and \\"Smallville\\"), Eriko Tamura (\\"Heroes\\" and \\"Reaper\\") and Randall Duk Kim (\\"The Lost Empire\\", \\"The Matrix: Reloaded\\" and \\"The Replacement Killers\\").<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />This is the area where Twentieth Century Fox has been on top when it comes to Blu-ray releases.  Near perfect picture and audio quality.  How does \\"Dragonball Evolution: Z Edition\\" fare?<br /><br />The film features a 1080p (2:40:1) High Definition transfer with AVC @ 33.5 MBPS.  There is a creative approach in the type of look that Robert McLachlan brought to film.  For one, the colors are quite vibrant and the film features a lot of detail.  But there are some scenes that are given a bright, dreamy look at times.  There are scenes that just look very impressive in high definition and the effects such as the Dragon Ball glowing, the detail on the rocks, clothing and also skin of the characters.<br /><br />The transfer reveals above-average levels of detail in almost nearly every shot.  Eye popping colors, details on textures... the picture quality of \\"Dragonball Evolution\\" is actually fantastic.  There are some scenes where CG and stuntwork, seem a bit out of place.  For example, there is a scene where Goku has to hop during a lava sequence that just didn't seem right.  Also, Goku's transformation to the ape... it just seemed off.  And it would have been nice to see some added height, I know they can't go too big on the ape like in the manga/anime series but the visual effects for the ape seemed off for me.  But that's my personal opinion.<br /><br />As for audio, audio is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio (Spanish, French and Portuguese are offered in 5.1 Dolby Digital).  The audio for this film is also very well done.  Dialog is crisp and clear. Although I found myself rewinding dialogue by Yamcha (Joon Park) and having to turn on English subtitles to figure out what he is saying at times.  Bass is heavy and deep and the action sequences, in which there are many, and audio just fills up the soundstage.  From blasts to countless destruction, your home theater system from all channels will be put to work.  In fact, I felt immersed with audio around me that it was so constant that my wife who is usually tolerable to my audio tests, felt that I was overdoing it.  I wasn't overdoing it, this is how the film's audio was.  There are scenes with constant sound effects that was balanced with a pretty good musical score by Brian Tyler.<br /><br />So, needless to say, two highlights of this Blu-ray release is the audio and picture quality.<br /><br />Subtitles are featured in English, English SDH, Spanish, Portuguese, Cantonese and Mandarin.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Dragonball Evolution: Z Edition\\" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  *<br />  * Goku's Workout Featurette - (4:50) Two guys showing us how Goku fights and learning to punch, to kick and the proper stance.<br />  * Goku's Quest Game - Watch the film again and press the red button on your Blu-ray player remote when you see a dragon ball.  Try to find all seven.<br />  * Deleted Scenes - (11:08) A total of eight deleted scenes.  There are actually a few scenes that the director and editor should have kept in the film in my opinion.<br />  * Brian Anthony \\"Worked Up\\" Music Video - (3:21) An electronic music video for Brian Anthony's \\"Worked Up\\".  This was surprising because even for those of us following the film, the music that a lot of fans were looking forward to is the \\"Rule\\" by Japanese mega pop star (who has a tremendous following worldwide), Ayumi Hamasaki.  The song had a huge promotion in Japan (the music was used in the film when Goku was attending school) and people worldwide purchased the CD single because Dragon Ball creator Akira Toriyama had involvement with that release.  Personally, I wish there was an Ayumi Hamasaki music video included and probably would have brought her hardcore fans into buying this Blu-ray.<br />  * Fox Movie Channel presents Making a Scene - (9:27) The making of the good Chi Chi vs. evil Chi Chi scene.  The training that Jamie Chung had to go through for this scene and how challenging it was to make it work.  If anything, my mind started zeroing in on how many times the name \\"Chi Chi\\" would come up during this featurette.<br />  * Fox Movie Channel presents Life After Film School with Justin Chatwin - (24:57) Three film students interview Justin Chatwin in regards to becoming an actor, working on \\"War of the Worlds\\" and him observing Steven Spielberg and Tom Cruise, wanting to be challenged with this role and his interesting definition of \\"manga\\".  Also, interesting was Chatwin's response in regards to his friend going on a Dragon Ball website and telling him that everyone hated him.  Suffice to say, a very interesting featurette.<br />  * Gag Reel - (2:20) Behind-the-scenes fun with the talent and film crew.<br /><br />The Blu-ray release includes two discs.  The second disc includes a digital copy of \\"Dragonball Evolution\\".<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />I am a passionate fan of the series and the video games.  When I was younger, I would buy Japanese \\"Shonen Jump\\" and use it as a way to study Japanese and would save up to buy the import SNES video game when it came out and rent Japanese VHS from the Japanese rental store (which was quite far) to pick up the latest episodes of the \\"Dragon Ball Z\\" in Japan.  Needless to say, I'm a fan but at the same time, I know that I had to leave my passion out the door and look at this film as something fresh and new.  To see how much of the original series or its characters were incorporated into the film.<br /><br />Having seen the Chinese version of \\"Dragon Ball Z\\" which was horrible, I figured that this film couldn't get any horrible as that film and most importantly, I was more curious how a big budget can lend itself to the feel of the \\"Dragon Ball\\" universe and its characters.  How much from the original they can incorporate to this film.  Because simply, films like\\"Transformers\\", \\"X-Men\\", \\"Batman\\", \\"Spider-Man\\", series based on a comic or animated-series that have been made to a live-action film, there are always going to be changes.<br /><br />I'll start off what I liked about the film.  I enjoyed Emmy Rossum's Bulma.  Spunky, talkative and cute.  Chow Yun-Fat is a big name that brings people out to the theater's and his Master Roshi managed to capture some of that perverseness of the old man.  James Marsters as Piccolo was also fine (although he is missing his antenna's) and Joon Park's Yamcha, a bit more surfer dude but in a way, resembled the FUNimation Entertainment English dub character quite a bit.  Were these the right people cast for the film?  If you wanted manga or anime faithfulness, fans will definitely cry fowl.  But there were parts from the manga and anime series in the film and it was enjoyable to see those parts.<br /><br />Justin Chatwin as Goku was a bit difficult for me to accept.  Fans know Goku to be a small character in the manga, the fact that this film features Gohan as a teenager (which is more in line with Gohan ala DBZ and Goten ala DBGT), needless to say that fans have cried fowl.  Even Asians had online protest of why the character is not Asian.<br /><br />But other problems that I had with the film such as acting, pacing, visual effects and its screenplay.  Justin Chatwin used samurai's as reference for Dragon Ball especially in the special features in regards to the clothing and preparing for the role.  And I was asking myself why?  There was also the over utilization of the term \\"air bending\\" in the film which I can understand for those who know ki and bending of air for energy in Asia but for those who watched a \\"Dragon Ball\\" film, \\"air bending\\" is not a term typically used.  People are used to hearing more of \\"kamehameha\\" or even \\"Kaio-ken for Gohan. And instead of focusing on the \\"Dragon Ball\\" dynamics, we somehow we get \\"Avatar: The Last Airbender\\" in the film.<br /><br />And speaking of special moves, let's discuss the final battle.  Goku and Piccolo are like Rocky vs. Apollo, Annakin vs. Obi Wan, Superman vs. General Zod and Wolverine vs. Sabretooth.  There has to be a good build up.  A show of rivalry and a believable fighting scene between both characters.  \\"Dragon Ball\\" is known for its fighting sequences and I felt that ending battle was just too short and so unsatisfying that if the final battle was done well, it could have made a difference.  The Dragon Ball mystique of Goku is the hero who seems as if he's getting beaten and looks as if he is losing in battle until he finds the opponents weakness and takes advantage of that weakness, comes back and beats the hell out of opponent.  Needless to say, the ending battle to the film was poorly done, I was disappointed.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, this is a perfect example of a film that has awesome picture quality and audio quality and has received a wonderful Blu-ray transfer but the film is unable to match that quality.<br /><br />In the end, if there is plans for a sequel, there has to be significant changes to win the fans over again.  It's one thing of wanting to incorporate teenage life, romance and fighting (\\"Karate Kid\\" is a great example of a film that manages to capture that and also include a satisfying ending fight scene) but somehow this film never reached its full potential of being a good film that would satisfy the fans or the non-fans.<br /><br />By no means is this a terrible movie, but even having to leave my appreciation and passion for \\"Dragon Ball\\" out the door and knowing that the film would be quite different, I just felt the film missed its ultimate potential.how challenging it was to make it work.  If anything, my mind started zeroing in on how many times the name \\"Chi Chi\\" would come up during this featurette.      * Fox Movie Channel presents Life After Film School with Justin Chatwin - (24:57) Three film students interview Justin Chatwin in regards to becoming an actor, working on \\"War of the Worlds\\" and him observing Steven Spielberg and Tom Cruise, wanting to be challenged with this role and his interesting definition of \\"manga\\".   Also, interesting was Chatwin's response in regards to his friend going on a Dragon Ball website and telling him that everyone hated him.  Suffice to say, a very interesting featurette.      * Gag Reel - (2:20) Behind-the-scenes fun with the talent and film crew.    The Blu-ray release includes two discs.  The second disc includes a digital copy of \\"Dragonball Evolution\\".    JUDGMENT CALL:    I am a passionate fan of the series and the video games.  When I was younger, I would buy Japanese \\"Shonen Jump\\" and use it as a way to study Japanese and would save up to buy the import SNES video game when it came out and rent Japanese VHS from the Japanese rental store (which was quite far) to pick up the latest episodes of the \\"Dragon Ball Z\\" in Japan.  Needless to say, I'm a fan but at the same time, I know that I had to leave my passion out the door and look at this film as something fresh and new.  To see how much of the original series or its characters were incorporated into the film.    Having seen the Chinese version of \\"Dragon Ball Z\\" which was horrible, I figured that this film couldn't get any horrible as that film and most importantly, I was more curious how a big budget can lend itself to the feel of the \\"Dragon Ball\\" universe and its characters.  How much from the original they can incorporate to this film.  Because simply, films like \\"Transformers\\", \\"X-Men\\", \\"Batman\\", \\"Spider-Man\\", series based on a comic or animated-series that have been made to a live-action film, there are always going to be changes.    I'll start off what I liked about the film.  I enjoyed Emmy Rossum's Bulma.  Spunky, talkative and cute.  Chow Yun-Fat is a big name that brings people out to the theater's and his Master Roshi managed to capture some of that perverseness of the old man.  James Marsters as Piccolo was also fine (although he is missing his antenna's) and Joon Park's Yamcha, a bit more surfer dude but in a way, resembled the FUNimation Entertainment English dub character quite a bit.  Were these the right people cast for the film?  If you wanted manga or anime faithfulness, fans will definitely cry fowl.    But there were parts from the manga and anime series in the film and it was enjoyable to see those parts.    Justin Chatwin as Goku was a bit difficult for me to accept.  Fans know Goku to be a small character in the manga, the fact that this film features Gohan as a teenager (which is more in line with Gohan ala DBZ and Goten ala DBGT), needless to say that fans have cried fowl.   Even Asians had online protest of why the character is not Asian.    But other problems that I had with the film such as acting, pacing, visual effects and its screenplay.   Justin Chatwin used samurai's as reference for Dragon Ball especially in the special features in regards to the clothing and preparing for the role.  And I was asking myself why?   There was also the over utilization of the term \\"air bending\\" in the film which I can understand for those who know ki and bending of air for energy in Asia but for those who watched a \\"Dragon Ball\\" film, \\"air bending\\" is not a term typically used.  People are used to hearing more of \\"kamehameha\\" or even \\"Kaio-ken for Gohan. And instead of focusing on the \\"Dragon Ball\\" dynamics, we somehow we get \\"Avatar: The Last Airbender\\" in the film.    And speaking of special moves, let's discuss the final battle.  Goku and Piccolo are like Rocky vs. Apollo, Annakin vs. Obi Wan, Superman vs. General Zod and Wolverine vs. Sabretooth.  There has to be a good build up.  A show of rivalry and a believable fighting scene between both characters.  \\"Dragon Ball\\" is known for its fighting sequences and I felt that ending battle was just too short and so unsatisfying that if the final battle was done well, it could have made a difference.  The Dragon Ball mystique of Goku is the hero who seems as if he's getting beaten and looks as if he is losing in battle until he finds the opponents weakness and takes advantage of that weakness, comes back and beats the hell out of opponent.  Needless to say, the ending battle to the film was poorly done, I was disappointed.    As for the Blu-ray release, this is a perfect example of a film that has awesome picture quality and audio quality and has received a wonderful Blu-ray transfer but the film is unable to match that quality.    In the end, if there is plans for a sequel, there has to be significant changes to win the fans over again.  It's one thing of wanting to incorporate teenage life, romance and fighting (\\"Karate Kid\\" is a great example of a film that manages to capture that and also include a satisfying ending fight scene) but somehow this film never reached its full potential of being a good film that would satisfy the fans or the non-fans.    By no means is this a terrible movie, but even having to leave my appreciation and passion for \\"Dragon Ball\\" out the door and knowing that the film would be quite different, I just felt the film missed its ultimate potential.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|This was not over the top, in a negative way, that I expected it to be. When it first came out in theaters and on video, I skipped it because the previews made it look cartoonish. Not in a good sense like \\"Sin City\\" but in a Saturday-morning-cartoons way. This also was as much in-your-face as \\"Sin City\\".    It's a good surprisingly, supposedly pretty accurate, and good video quality on blu-ray. It's one of those movies you have to watch just to know what everyone else is talking about. And this one isn't a waste of time like some popular movies.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|A great compilation by the late, great George Harrison. Always the Beatle that usually had one or two songs on their albums, and was always considered sort of the \\"underdog,\\" he wrote some great songs. His style was very melodic and used abnormal sounding guitar chords. In other words, he usually took the \\"hard way\\" in his songwriting and musical production. George's 1st solo album, All Things Must Pass, was full of great songs and was Number 1 on the Billboard charts for a few weeks. Several songs from that album are on LET IT ROLL. His music was always meaningful, and his ballads were soothing and beautiful. George was diagonosed with cancer a few years ago, and even though he was very ill and proably in pain, he wrote and completed his final album. As lead guitar player of one of the most famous bands in the world, George Harrison was a great guitar player and helped push the pop music scene into much more meaningful and great music. I enjoy this CD, and it's a great collection of music by George!
0140157352|3.0|I have taught this book at the college level, as well as had it in college myself.  I would like to add a comment on the context for what the authors term, \\"principled negotiations.\\"  They focus on this to the exclusion of many interesting negotiation techniques. Despite the effectiveness of 'principled negotiations' in many - perhaps most - negotiating situations, it leaves at least several interesting and effective techniques unexplored.  In fact, my experience with students is that they put all their eggs in this basket, and then can't quite discover why they are not making more progress in their business negotiations.  I actually would recommend a number of other books for this purpose, and will do so through Amazon.  [[ASIN:0385518498 Negotiation Boot Camp: How to Resolve Conflict, Satisfy Customers, and Make Better Deals]][[ASIN:B00248ZV32 The 50 Best (and worst) Business Deals of All Time]][[ASIN:B001OMHSVW Beyond Reason: Using Emotions as You Negotiate]][[ASIN:1564144984 Secrets of Power Negotiating]]
B000066C6Z|5.0|Wonderful satire of Elvis Presley and early 1960's teen movies and 1940's noir/war/espionage movies, and, other movies (They even threw The Wizard of Oz in there!).  I have always wanted to sing and perform \\"Skeet Surfin'\\" with one of my bands!  Saw this when it first came out in 1984.  For some reason I was the only person in the theater laughing!  I had not seen \\"Airplane!\\" or any other films by these guys, so I thought that it was an extremely original style of comedic film making. Val Kilmer at the time was basically an unknown actor. He is excellent in this, and so are all of the other actors and actresses. Anyway, I loved it then and I love it now. I like \\"Top Secret!\\" even better than Airplane!, Hot Shots, The Naked Gun, etc., but I really like all of those movies also.......
B001GQSY5U|5.0|I was surprised by just how good this movie was. The action scenes are great, some of the best in the saga. And the music is as good as you can get without John Williams himself! The dialogue is not the best, but it's no worse than Attack of the Clones. This is a really great movie and I think it's a great addition to the Star Wars saga! In addition to the movie, this 2-disc edition provides behind-the-scenes looks at the voice acting and the music. There are deleted scenes, and even scenes from episodes in season 1! (Not to mention a few from season 2!) I reccommend this to all fans of Star Wars!
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|This is a must see video for anyone that doesn't yet believe that a Single-Payer option is the only way to successfully fix our American health care problem.  Please help all of your friends to see this video.
B00288KNLS|5.0|Wildly imaginative, intriguing, and delightful, Coraline is not a kid's film. It's an animated film for adults and it's dark in nature. To say that this film is creative wouldn't do it justice - Neil Geiman and Henry Selick have a vision beyond anything previously seen on the screen (although the opening sequence is very much an homage to The Nightmare Before Christmas and is reminiscent of Corpse's Btide). I can imagine rewatching this dark tale over and over and gaining something from it every single time.
B0000029LG|5.0|The first disc has the songs that I really know and love, while the second disc has some songs that I know a little but have grown to love now.  I'm really glad that I've FINALLY purchased it because it's great to play in the car on a long trip or on the computer while you work.  I would strongly recommend this CD set to anyone who loves or could and wants to grow to love Michael Jackson's music.
B000FVRACK|4.0|Artur Rubinstein, at age 88, recorded these concertos in the Croydon Fairfield Hall in 1975 with André Previn, then music director of the London Symphony Orchestra, one of the world's best ensembles. There is no audience, and in effect these are studio recordings in full dress. The video is good for its vintage (despite some gimmicky filming), the audio quite fine. As was customary at the time, the piano is over-miked in relation to the orchestra, but this is less noticeable in the \\"stereo\\" setting than in DTS 5.1. Rubinstein is amazingly strong and nimble-fingered and his interpretations, regardless of his impenetrable facial expression and consistently straightforward approach to the scores, are at times moving and always musical. Tempi are deliberate for the most part, but not excessively so. There are no surprising new insights into these scores. To the credit of the producers, a few audible glitches have not been edited. The Grieg is played stately with the appropriate grandeur, and the Chopin sparkles.  In the Saint-Saëns, the comparative lightweight among the concertos, Rubinstein pulls all the stops to make up in sheer virtuosity for the thin musical substance. Previn is a considerate but forceful presence on the podium, a pianist himself who knows when to step back in favor of the soloist. The bonus interview \\"Rubinstein at 90\\" is a precious document, although the skillful interviewer rarely manages to penetrate the poised and elegant façade of the man and the artist.
B001PPLIEG|5.0|This is a great movie. I really enjoy the Harsher Bond. It has it all car chase, boat chase, plane chase.
0061655546|5.0|Even though my work does not deal with financial stuff, and my real contact with that world does not go beyond managing my 401(k), I have found this book totally fascinating and engaging. It has been a much better read than many 'thrillers' that have been in my hands. The writing is great and the characters are portrayed with vivid details. More interestingly, it made me realize that whatever we have seen in the last year is a deja vu all over again.
B00127RAJY|3.0|With two small children, trying to get this postpartum 30 lbs off has been impossible. Neither will let me complete a 45 minute workout video. And they really won't even let me do Jillian's 20 minutes but if and when I can get them both asleep at the same time, I can squeeze it in! She seriously kicks butt. Even on level 1, I feel like my legs can't take anymore! Even after two workouts, I felt stronger and had more endurance. Don't know if it can live up to it's claims of 20lbs in 30 days, but maybe one day the children will let me try it!
0307588335|5.0|Its a wonderfully written book about the collapse of Lehman. After reading it, i applaud Larry McDonald for his efforts, its very detialed and easy to read. Im sure it will be a New York Times best seller.
B000001IQH|5.0|Rancid is one of the best bands of modern punk music. \\"...And Out Come The Wolves\\" is a great combination of old-school punk, ska-punk and pop-punk. In terms of famous ska-punk bands, I like these guys more than Sublime because Rancid has a punkier vibe. Either way, this album would be perfectly suited for hanging out on the boardwalk near the beach, or the soundtrack to walking down the streets of the Lower East Side of Manhattan in New York City. The songs go from having an edgy, guitar-heavy vibe to a laid-back, reggae-influenced vibe, and the switching to and from is perfectly done.    With over 20 songs on the album clocking in at over 49 minutes, there's plenty to love. All the songs are great, but standout classics as ones such as \\"Maxwell Murder\\", \\"Time Bomb\\", \\"Ruby Soho\\", \\"She's Automatic\\", \\"Journey To The End of The East Bay\\", \\"Old Friend\\" and \\"Roots Radical\\". Be sure to check this album out if you want to get into the band, or if you don't have it yet. Any fans of ska-punk, pop-punk or straight-up punk-rock will be sure to dig this! Thanks for the time, and peace.
B0026OE2NY|3.0|Stunning photography and this film should be a celebration of the 'miracle' planet that we all live on, OUR HOME, but the depressingly monotonous narration destroys any joy and energy that we should all get from watching such a spectacle. The best thing to do is play the movie with a sound track from some of your favourite music.  It is also too long..difficult decisions in the edit suite no doubt but 90mins would be better.  Well done to all those who thought of it, funded it and filmed it...
0783240503|2.0|I bought this based on a recommendation from church.  Donny and Maria sing superbly, but my objections deal with the costumes. The skin-tight provocative dancers was totally unnecessary for a supposedly family-friendly version.  And Joan Collin's outfit as Potiphar's wife was overboard as well.  My boys turned there heads when watching it with me. I can not recommend this to others.
1594488916|4.0|There are many kinds of book collectors. Some collect a particular author or subject matter, some incunables and others modern first editions. Most are rational, law-abiding citizens. But sometimes the urge to collect becomes an obsession, as with Sir Thomas Phillipps' desire to own a copyof every book in the world. (I highly recommend A.N.L. Munby's Portrait of an Obsession, a distillation by Nicolas Barker of the five volumes of Phillipps Studies.) And sometimes, as with John Gilkey, the subject of Ms. Bartlett's book, it causes the collector to turn to crime.<br /><br />Gilkey was (is?) a book thief. He seems to have wanted books, not for their content, but to have them, to possess them as physical objects, and as a signifier of taste. But, not having the money to build his collection, he took the view that he had a right to have a collection and that, if book sellers charged more than he could afford, he could simply take them. He gathered, often through retail jobs, credit card information, and used this to purchase books.<br /><br />Bartlett juxtaposes Gilkey's story with that of Ken Sanders, a book seller and one-time chair of the Antiquarian Booksellers' Association of America security committee, who became as obsessed with hunting down Gilkey as Gilkey was with hunting down books to steal.<br /><br />Bartlett conducted extensive interviews with both, and one of the most interesting aspects of this book is the way its writing caused the author to become a bit obsessed herself, not so much with books, though she feels a bit of temptation herself, but with the story. She goes with Gilkey, during a time when he was not locked up, to a store from which he had stolen in the past. He reveals to her certain information, and she struggles over whether to pass it on, knowing that, if she does so, he might close his mouth to her and affect her ability to write her book.<br /><br />There are those who, looking at my double-shelved bookcases, and the piles of books on my floor and most flat surfaces in my apartment, would call me a woman who loves books too much. I feel what Bartlett terms the \\"sensory enticement\\" of books, enjoy the feel of a heavy paper with deckle edge, the smell of a leather binding, the heft of a volume in my hand. But I cannot fathom stealing a book, however tempted, and would say, with the medieval scribe, that a book thief should have \\"his name be erased from the book of the living and not be recorded among the Blessed\\".<br /><br />The book is well-written and well-researched (though I noted a couple of errors in legal procedure, these are minor in relation to the book as a whole), and is sure to please all who love books, detective stories, and the psychology of obsession.in my apartment, would call me a woman who loves books too much. I feel what Bartlett terms the \\"sensory enticement\\" of books, enjoy the feel of a heavy paper with deckle edge, the smell of a leather binding, the heft of a volume in my hand. But I cannot fathom stealing a book, however tempted, and would say, with the medieval scribe, that a book thief should have \\"his name be erased from the book of the living and not be recorded among the Blessed\\".    The book is well-written and well-researched (though I noted a couple of errors in legal procedure, these are minor in relation to the book as a whole), and is sure to please all who love books, detective stories, and the psychology of obsession.
B000001IPP|4.0|\\"Let's Go\\" is a great album full of true punk energy, attitude and spirit. I personally prefer \\"...And Out Come The Wolves\\" because the songwriting is better and more of the songs stick out, but this is still a great album. \\"Let's Go\\" is less about the ska influence than it is about playing faster, power-chord punk rock. As I said, the songwriting on \\"...And Out Come The Wolves\\" is better, but for straight-up street-punk, you can't go wrong with this album! Get it, crank it, love it! Thanks for the time, and peace.
055380684X|4.0|In the Talent Code, Daniel Coyle provides the reader a good read on how talent (defined as a repeatable skill that doesn't depend on physical size) is developed and maintained.  His desire to understand how talent hot beds arise and are maintained led him to identify three elements to creating a skill - deep practice, ignition, and master coaching.    As a person who has played sports and studied a musical instrument for years, I have a great appreciation for his points surrounding the importance of deep practice.  As Mr. Coyle notes, our memories do not operate like tape recorders but are built like scaffolds.  Every musician knows the steps and importance of deep practice (i.e., building the scaffolds) when learning a new piece - go slow, repeat the trying parts, and correct mistakes.  Fluidity and speed will come as you build the myelin sheaths around our neural paths that allow us to carry out our skills without thought.  Just as important, we need to keep pushing ourselves at a level slightly beyond our current skill set to keep our growth continuing.  The ignition, or self awakening, seems to me an individual driven element that may occur or may not depending on interest.  I have seen ignition take hold in one of my daughters in a skill area but not for the other, and vice versa for them in a different area.    Overall, a good book to read that can provide some interesting perspectives on learning.  For me the best part is that the book provides nice little tidbits that can be applied to help advance yourself or those around you.
B000Y5JFN4|2.0|I am a huge Tap fan, and when I heard that the Blu-Ray version was to include the commentary from the Criterion Collection version, I eagerly paid early to get on the waiting list for this release. After waiting several months for the Blu-Ray, I realize it's been a waste. The Blu-Ray DOES NOT contain that commentary; rather, it is the same (albeit hilarious) commentary from the special edition DVD release from a few years ago. The only new material is a concert video for Stonehenge (trying lamely to recreate, or maybe reboot, the scene from the mockumentary...it doesn't work), and a series of brief interview clips of Nigel Tufnel discussing Stonehenge (the monument) in connection with a recent special on National Geographic. This is painfully bad, as Guest acts hostile and arrogant, completely out of character from his childlike and enthusiastic portrayal of Tufnel in the film. So, about 30 minutes of poor extra material is dropped onto an extra disc, to give you the impression that this is special material. Otherwise, all the bonus features, etc. from the DVD are here. Don't expect a better picture, either, since the film grain and age of the film are quite apparent.
0780626966|5.0|This box set is awesome and I am huge fan of Nightmare on Elm Street.So we will start reviewing right away  Let's start with the Original Nightmare On Elm Street.Synopsis:Teenagers are being stalked and killed one by one by a man with a burned face and 4 razor-sharp claws.What they don't realize is that all are being haunted by him in their dreams.They don't know why until a brave girl(Nancy Thompson)finds the truth.She seeks out Freddy and defeats him.Rating 10/10.Now let's move on to Nightmare On Elm Street 2 Freddy's Revenge.Synopsis:A boy moves into Elm Street(5 years after Nancy's battle) and immediately starts having horrendous Nightmares about Freddy in which Freddy tells him to kill for him.Later,he possesses Jesse and the only one who can defeat him is Jesse's girlfriend Lisa Webster.Rating 6/10.Now we move to Nightmare On Elm Street 3 Dream Warriors.Synopsis:Troubled teens are being tortured by Freddy in their dreams but everyone thinks that they are crazy.Nancy Thompson(From Nightmare 1)is back to help them along with Dr.Neil Gordon they defeat Freddy and think everything is good.Rating 10/10.This leads to Nightmare On Elm Street 4 The Dream Master.Synopsis:The survivors of the last film are back but Kristen Parker has a dream in which in she thinks Freddy is back but he really isn't until they mention him at school the next day.Then he really is back.Let me quote Joey \\"Didn't it ever occur to you that if you talk about him that it will stir him up again\\"Kinda creepy that he does come back.Freddy kills them all but before he kills Kristen she brings in Alice.Alice receives her powers(meaning she can bring people into her dreams).Freddy uses Alice to get the other kids and starts all over again.Rating 9/10.The last review is on Nightmare On Elm Street 5 The Dream Child.Synopsis:Alice and Dan the survivors of the Dream Master are going to have a baby but before Dan finds out Freddy kills him through Dan's unborn son's dreams.Freddy terrorizes the unborn child(Jacob)and tries to make Jacob into a bad child but they are able to defeat Freddy by sending him back to his Mom's womb.Rating 7/10.I will review the other 2 later this review was getting too long.Awesome box set with great footage and interviews
1416550534|2.0|I had a problem with this book from the first two lines. \\"I had a nightmare...and I was at Riverton.\\" sounds so much like the famous first line in Rebecca by Daphne DuMaurier.  And then I learn that Kate Morton's narrator is 98-year old woman and is in a nursing home.  How can a 98-year old woman have such complete recall of events that happened 80 years ago or more?  Certainly any experienced, well-paid editor would have a problem with a story told by a 98-year old narrator. Even at 48 years, I doubt she could recall all these events.  The novel would have been much better without the nursing home scenes.    I had other problems with the book.  How could Hannah believe that Grace had the time to learn shorthand?  How did Hannah remember her shorthand, when she had never had the chance to use it at work?  The last note that Hannah wrote to Grace in shorthand was pivotal to the Robbie Hunter suicide/accident.  I think it was a poor device to use.      It is never clear in the novel how the house at Riverton comes into Teddie Luxton's hands after the death of Mr. Frederick, Hannah's father.   Mr. Frederick would hever have left it to Teddy.  He detested Teddy so much, he would not speak to Hannah after she married Teddy.  Did Mr. Frederick have so much debt, Teddy took over the house?    The early part of the novel giving a picture of the servants' life at Riverton and the family's life is quite good.  However, this is clearly a first novel.  Please no more 98-year old narrators.
0765350386|4.0|A thousand years ago, a hero whose coming was long prophesied set out to save the world from the Deepness, a force of ultimate evil. He went on a quest to the mythical Well of Ascension, the power of which would allow him to save the world from oblivion. He failed. Whilst he banished the Deepness, he was corrupted by his power and became the immortal Lord Ruler. He went on to conquer the world.    The Final Empire now spans most of the world. The majority of the people are slave-workers known as skaa, whilst a privileged few, the nobles (the descendants of the Lord Ruler's allies and cronies who helped him achieve power), rule in indolent luxury. The Lord Ruler's will is enforced by his obligators and the horrifying Steel Inquisitors, and all opposition to his rule is crushed without mercy.    In the Empire's capital, Luthadel, a man named Kelsier and his criminal crew is planning the ultimate heist. The prize is the rule of the Final Empire itself. To put together the operation he requires powerful and skilled allies and hires Vin, a young girl who has just started exhibiting the powers of the Mistborn, someone who can wield all the powers of Allomancy. Allomancers 'burn' metals to release magical powers. Most Allomancers can only control one metal, but Mistborn can wield all ten, and are formidable opponents. Vin's job is to infiltrate the nobility and gather intelligence on the opposition that is waiting for them, but soon gets in over her head.    The Final Empire is the first book in the Mistborn Trilogy. Prior to this series, Sanderson had won some acclaim with his promising debut, the single-volume novel Elantris, but Mistborn saw a marked improvement in his critical reception and led to him being offered the job of finishing the last Wheel of Time book following Robert Jordan's death.    The Final Empire was published in 2006, around the same time as Scott Lynch's Lies of Locke Lamora and Joe Abercrombie's The Blade Itself. Whilst in Europe the book attracted little attention - its first British edition isn't out until the end of this year - in the USA it was compared favourably with those other high-profile debuts. There are some interesting similarities with Lynch, as The Final Empire is also a 'heist' or 'caper' novel with a band of criminals out to pull a con, although in this book the con is a much bigger and more epic in scope. Direct comparisons between the two books beyond that are unfair, as their targets are very different, but broadly speaking The Final Empire is not as funny but is a bit more cohesive and focused on its central plot.    Amongst Sanderson's strengths are a finely-tuned magic system, which is logically and rationally explored. The notion of something eating metals (or, more often, drinking metal-specked liquids) is a bit weird at first, but it works quite well and some of the Mistborn abilities are quite impressive. The laws of ballistics are cleverly invoked to show how a Mistborn can, for example, 'fly' from one place or another by simply repelling or attracting themselves towards metal objects. Character-wise, the book is also strong. Vin is a decent lead protagonist, although her somewhat brooding and paranoid emo-ness at the start of the book is a bit difficult to get used to. Her character evolution over the course of the book and her graduation to the level of Total Badass is perhaps predictable, but nonetheless well-handed. Kelsier and Sazed are also strong protagonists, and the subtle way that Sanderson builds up the character of the Lord Ruler is very clever. However, Elend is a bit of a bland non-entity at this stage, and the other members of Vin and Kelsier's crew tend to blur into a morass of similarly well-meaning-but-decent do-gooders.    The story develops nicely and there's a very nice and clever twist in the ending. In fact, The Final Empire is almost a stand-alone novel, with only a solitary line of dialogue near the end opening the way for the sequels.    The Final Empire(****) is a strong and worthy addition to the ranks of the 'New Fantasy' movement. The writing is fresh and enjoyable and the setting impressively-realised. The novel is available now in the USA and will be published by Gollancz in the UK on 1 October 2009.
0385342020|5.0|I loved this book. It was refreshingly different. I have really enjoyed all of Sophie Kinsella's books, but this may be my favorite. Sadie may be my favorite character. Don't let the ghost story sway you from reading this book.
B00190ES1C|3.0|Darwin refers to a diagram containing his ideas about evolution, but it is missing from the Kindle version that I downloaded.
0374531943|5.0|\\"Carrying The Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys\\" is a reprint of Michael Collins' thoughtful, bluntly honest autobiography, first published in 1974 after his retirement from the space program.  This new edition was issued to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the first Moon landing in July 1969, and contains a new preface and afteword by the author.<br /><br />Michael Collins was a member of the elite fraternity of men who were jet fighter pilots, test pilots, and astronauts.  But Collins was something more, a candid, reflective man with a wry wit and the writing skills to capture his experiences.<br /><br />Collins briefly relates his youth and his early experiences in the US Air Force.  A turning point is the decision to try out for test pilot, followed by another decision to try out for astronaut.  Collins was in the fourth selection group of astronauts, the men who helped carry out the Gemini and Apollo programs.  Collins himself flew the Gemini 10 and Apollo 11 missions.  He very effectively captures a sense of space flight as a still new and dangerous endeavor, using what now seems like incredibly primitive equipment.  Collins has plenty of anecdotes about himself and his fellow astronauts, while offering some worthwhile perspective about the value of space flight.<br /><br />\\"Carrying the Fire\\" is very highly recommended as one of the very best of the many accounts of manned space flight.
B0002XH9Z4|2.0|My order was placed on June 27,when it was first offered at another price. It would really be unfair and disappointing if they change any prices. My shipping est. got pushed back from July 27-30~til first week of Aug. It looks like they have more at another price. Why aren't they sending any out for those who have ordered first-1st????
B001QTXM5Y|1.0|Note to self: remember never to watch films from DC comics!    For me, the dialogue was diabolical and i could second guess approximately 50% of the script. The acting was at worst irritating and at best OK. The only interesting and amusing aspect was the character named \\"Rorschach\\" whose face mask moved like the ink blots he is named after (that tickled me).    Otherwise, I could have happily stopped watching after 30 minutes and done something more exciting with the rest of the 2 hours I wasted on this long, regularly annoying, wantonly gratuitous film.
B001GKJ2FM|2.0|ABBA's music is wonderful, no doubt about it but there is still something so annoying about old people shaking it. Isn't it sad enough that we are aging? Did we have to go through the pain of watching old people acting stupidly? It was excruciatingly painful to watch it.<br />Yes, the movie became the highest-grossing film in the United Kingdom of all time, but that's how ironic life is. I wouldn't watch it again.
0375831002|5.0|The Book Thief is one of those rare books that you simply try to absorb and hold onto.  The writing is so amazing -- elegant, lyrical, clever, simple, touching.  Zusak has taken a tragic period in human history and made it a gentle read without diminishing how truly horrific it was.  The image of Death tenderly holding the souls it takes is beautiful to contemplate and soothing to hold onto.      I especially appreciate how the author/narrator prepares us for what's going to happen in this book.  As he says, \\"...I don't have much interest in building Mystery.  Mystery bores me.  It chores me.  I know what's going to happen and so do you.  It's the machinations that wheel us there that aggravate, perplex, interest and astound me.\\"  Thus, he takes the anxiety out of wondering who lives, who dies, etc. etc. so that instead you follow and appreciate each character with peace and tenderness.    My list of truly exceptional books is short.  This is one of them.
0385340575|1.0|I waited months for this books.  I love Reacher. As I read this one, I kept waiting and waiting for it to get going. The earlier Reacher books are great and I recommend them.  Not this one.  Too much dialogue all in a row, Frankly, it is a boring book and I never thought I'd say that about a Lee Child book.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|If you're looking for a true musical memoir of some of the greatest songs ever sung by Michael Jackson, look no further!  This CD is so beautiful and rich in sound, and the songs are all wonderful!!  Each piece lends itself to being among the perfect collection of hits to own of Michael's.  It is just THE tribute and treasure to have and play often in his remembrance.  The songs that don't make you smile, will make you dance!!  :)
B000F7CMRM|5.0|My brain gets turned off by the performance of pretty boys, but I took a chance and watched \\"Syriana\\", only to be pleasantly surprised that Clooney and Damon are not only lucky pretty boys but great mature actors.<br /><br />The parallel stories of charismatic characters will take you on a breath taking journey, which strips naked our illusions about the world and reveals the harsh reality of how money, religion, and power are driving the whole world into hell.<br />While trying to raise a family, figure out the truth, or simply get ends to meet; our heroes get manipulated and destroyed, revealing the bigger picture of what's happening around us. The greatness of this movie is that it shows free spirits all around the world, regardless of their color, religion or identity who are torn by the same universal power and money game.<br /><br />George Clooney, Matt Damon, Jeffrey Wright, Mazhar Munir, and the fascinating Alexander Siddig deliver an outstanding, courageous, and thrilling master piece; highly recommended.
B001QTXM5Y|2.0|This is a rip off.  I at least expected the Director commentary on the Director's Cut, but Oh No....you have to wait for the Christmas release.    I'll be renting that and not buying another version.  Even the extra scenes aren't worth the extra.    Save your money and rent the movie and wait for the Super cut if you like extras
B000MRAAJW|5.0|Hey, I am sitting here wondering if I should buy this HD version but don't understand why it says 4 discs with a run time of 44 minutes. I know that each part is probably 44 minutes but I was wondering if anyone could reassure me before I end up wasting my money and then just buying it again in the normal quality version. I know that the normal quality dvd has 5 discs and says 550 mins runtime with a couple of bonus features but I dont need all of that. And also, I dont want to buy HD if there are a bunch of parts missing; I just want the main parts in good quality.
B002AT4K9Q|2.0|A big disapointment. With the return of the original cast I expected it to be on the same level as the first installment -- which it isn't. The screenplay has several holes, the excess of CGI images made the movie to look like a video game and very unrealistic (especially the tunnel scenes), and the plot is simply ridiculous. It is worse than 2 Fast 2 Furious, which is not that great. Only the first scene is interesting, all the rest is a waste of time.
B000F1IQN2|5.0|No matter how justified the intentions, no matter how a group of people was hurt or victimized, the inescapable truth remains that revenge doesn't correct a wrong.<br />The human message in this movie, the great acting, the conversations between enemies make it one of the best movies by Steven Speilberg.
B001AVCFJM|1.0|This is not a Trek film. This is not the intelligent show/movie I have watched for 30+ years. This is 'Fast and Furious' in space. The maker of this trash, I will not pay him the coutesy of naming him, has completely ignored Gene Rodenberry's vision. He has ignored decades of work and lore. He has made his own Sci-fi movie, and that is fine; but why did he have to destroy Star Trek to do it?     Simple: marketing.     By slapping the title 'Star Trek' on this pile of garbage he lures in fans from an established franchise. If this movie had been called something else it would have failed, as it should have.     Let's examine the film's contradictions:   1) Kirk goes from juvenile delinquent to Starfleet Cadet over-night, amazing! I wonder why we do not hear about Anapolis candidates who fit this model...oh, because its nonesense   2) Starfleet chooses to send an elderly, aged AMBASSADOR Spock on a crucial mission to save Romulus from it's dying star at a time when dozens of Star Fleet officers, who were better qualified to do so, would have been avaiable.   3) Our 'Bad Guy' is a miner...PATHETIC   4) Why change the warp engines? Now they have thrust ejecting from the rear of the nacelles? The moron that made this film did not take the time to do ANY research else he would have known that they do not use this method of propulsion.   5) Why change the way the weapons work on the starships? It wasn't broke why did you 'fix' it?   6) 'Kirk' just happens to be ejected on the exact barren world that Spock landed on? Give me a break.   7) 'Kirk' and 'Scotty' are able to beam across billions of miles onto a starship moving at warp? This is not possible until well into The Next Generation era. Even in this film it is established that it is difficult to beam a falling object, i.e. one with momentum, so how is it suddenly so easy to do this?   8) If you can beam across several lightyears of space why do you need ships? The 'creator' of this film is truly an idiot.   9) The newhand phasers spin their fronts, why? This chance is plain silly. It serves no purpose other than to further modify that which did not need modification.   10) 'Kirk' is able to convince 'Spock' to relinquish his command by using 30 seconds of verbal goading? You have got to be kidding me.   11) Now a third year cadet is in command of the fleet's flagship. Do I have to say it.   12) The Coup de grace: said Third year cadet 'Kirk' (I use quotes to denote his status as a fake or psuedo version of the REAL character) is now promoted directly to CAPTAIN! This is off-the-scale stupid. This thug doesn't even graduate from the Academy and jumps over 10 years of his career and at least four grades of rank. I almost threw my beer at the screen when I saw this (Movie Tavern you can order beer there).     Let's also note how clumsy and foolish the Kobiashi Maru scene is. This is a pivotal moment in 'Kirk's' career and the monkey-in-charge treats it like a scene from Animal House.     I used to say, \\"bad Star Trek is better than no Star Trek.\\" I think I am going to retire that phrase, even though this terrible film is not really a Trek film. It has more in common with The Transporter than it does with The Wrath of Khan.     If this fool is allowed to make more trash like this Star Trek has a bleak future.
0930289234|5.0|Comic books are just plain old fashioned fun fantasy reading.  Blended with depression, they make literature. Or at least, this comic book strewn with depression is written more for the adults than the children, or adolescents or teens.<br /><br />This mammoth-sized comic - about 330 pages of drawings alone - mixes the \\"Watchmen\\" with their pasts and logically explains how their efforts are Congressionally outlawed, leaving their good intentions to a dismal life of drink and depression.  The good guys can no longer do what they do well - and enjoy what they do well as well.<br /><br />Ultimately, we learn how one loses face, another likes owls, a girl has mixed emotions about her role, why a man is blue and without a third dimension, and more. We learn that they, even in their outlawed state, can still cook up some problems; and we learn what the writer warns us: who will watch the Watchmen?<br /><br />The literature is derived from a few cleverly instilled stylistic concepts.  Overlaying a superhero's history against a fictional account within the fictional comic made double entendre sometimes triple.  Using a similar concept overlaying a newspaperman's opinionated discussion against historical accounts of some of the superheroes' statements or histories also resounded in a great satyrical account for the ironic.<br /><br />This is not about bullet-proof, heavy-fisted, cape-wearing, soberingly-too-good-to-be-true boyish men charming a metropolis.  No, these are physically domineering people with incredibly frail psyches - one of which has snapped years ago and many others falling in line. These are not role models, they are admired people with emotions and consciences which should be disdained, not honored.  That is why this is different.  That is why this is a fun read.  And, that is why this may be more for the adults and less for the children.
B00003CXE7|5.0|My family loves this movie. It has it all; love, action, betrayal and in the end, redemption.
B001AVCFK6|1.0|This is not a Trek film.  This is not the intelligent show/movie I have watched for 30+ years.  This is 'Fast and Furious' in space.  The maker of this trash, I will not pay him the coutesy of naming him, has completely ignored Gene Rodenberry's vision.  He has ignored decades of work and lore.  He has made his own Sci-fi movie, and that is fine; but why did he have to destroy Star Trek to do it?      Simple: marketing.    By slapping the title 'Star Trek' on this pile of garbage he lures in fans from an established franchise.  If this movie had been called something else it would have failed, as it should have.    Let's examine the film's contradictions:  1) Kirk goes from juvenile delinquent to Starfleet Cadet over-night, amazing!  I wonder why we do not hear about Anapolis candidates who fit this model...oh, because its nonesense  2) Starfleet chooses to send an elderly, aged AMBASSADOR Spock on a crucial mission to save Romulus from it's dying star at a time when dozens of Star Fleet officers, who were better qualified to do so, would have been avaiable.  3) Our 'Bad Guy' is a miner...PATHETIC  4) Why change the warp engines?  Now they have thrust ejecting from the rear of the nacelles?  The moron that made this film did not take the time to do ANY research else he would have known that they do not use this method of propulsion.  5) Why change the way the weapons work on the starships?  It wasn't broke why did you 'fix' it?  6) 'Kirk' just happens to be ejected on the exact barren world that Spock landed on?  Give me a break.  7) 'Kirk' and 'Scotty' are able to beam across billions of miles onto a starship moving at warp?  This is not possible until well into The Next Generation era.  Even in this film it is established that it is difficult to beam a falling object, i.e. one with momentum, so how is it suddenly so easy to do this?  8) If you can beam across several lightyears of space why do you need ships?  The 'creator' of this film is truly an idiot.  9) Thenew hand phasers spin their fronts, why?  This chance is plain silly.  It serves no purpose other than to further modify that which did not need modification.  10) 'Kirk' is able to convince 'Spock' to relinquish his command by using 30 seconds of verbal goading?  You have got to be kidding me.  11)  Now a third year cadet is in command of the fleet's flagship.  Do I have to say it.  12) The Coup de grace: said Third year cadet 'Kirk' (I use quotes to denote his status as a fake or psuedo version of the REAL character) is now promoted directly to CAPTAIN!  This is off-the-scale stupid.  This thug doesn't even graduate from the Academy and jumps over 10 years of his career and at least four grades of rank.  I almost threw my beer at the screen when I saw this (Movie Tavern you can order beer there).    Let's also note how clumsy and foolish the Kobiashi Maru scene is.  This is a pivotal moment in 'Kirk's' career and the monkey-in-charge treats it like a scene from Animal House.    I used to say, \\"bad Star Trek is better than no Star Trek.\\"  I think I am going to retire that phrase, even though this terrible film is not really a Trek film.  It has more in common with The Transporter than it does with The Wrath of Khan.    If this fool is allowed to make more trash like this Star Trek has a bleak future.
B001EN71DQ|5.0|Another impresive release from Lucasfilm for a very reasonable price.A Beautiful collectors jacket and artwork you'll probally find yourself displaying in your entertainment room. Now just too clarify , this is not a new Big Defintive 30th ann. box set edition , that were all waiting for. This is simply a repacking of the movies too keep them in circulation. Now , I'm not entirely certain if these movie's have been further remastered or not. But It looks incredibly beautiful from the quality we have come to expect from Lucasfilm Ltd and THX. So my advice to the movie collector is if you want to update your Libary or you have need to purchace these picture's because of whatever reason as a collector , for yourself or as a gift ,  you can do a lot worse. But if you already have all the chapters and are just waiting for the big Bluray movie set , than your better off just passing these bye for now.
0385342020|5.0|I wasn't so sure about this book after the first couple of chapters. It reminded me a bit of \\"Can you keep a secret?\\" at times. I eventually reached a point where I literally COULD NOT put the book down! The character development of Sadie is so beautiful and intense. I lost all track of time while engulfed in another of Kinsella's heroine tales. Sadie's zest for life, spunky attitude, open mind, and free spirit kept me turning the pages. This is THE beach read of the summer.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|This is a great movie. We enjoyed it and the service from Amazon was great!
B001PR0Y5S|3.0|I was surprised by how much I enjoyed \\"The Proposal\\", the new rom-com starring Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.<br /><br />Andrew Paxton (Reynolds) is the assistant to an editor, Margaret Tate (Bullock) at a large publishing house in New York. Andrew has worked for Margaret for three years, three long, painful, dreadful years working for the ultimate Type-A personality as she works her way up the ladder. He puts up with Margaret because he wants to become a book publisher and he sees the path as her assistant. But this means he has to pick up coffee for her every morning, ordering his coffee exactly as she wants hers, in case something happens to hers. This means if she wants him to cancel a trip home for Gammy's (Betty White) 90th birthday, he will. This means that as soon as he knows she is on her way into the office, he IMs the other staff and the news spreads like wildfire. Margaret, poised to take over as head of the publishing house, is summoned to the boss' office. Her work visa has run into some roadblocks and she has to return to Canada and will lose her job. As she tries to convince her bosses she will take care of it, Andrew enters to tell her about a phone call and she comes up with a plan. She and Andrew will be married, solving everyone's problems. But this is the first Andrew has heard about it and he can barely stand the sight of her. He agrees, but only after she agrees to help him. They decide to go to his family home, in Alaska, to tell his mom (Mary Steenburgen), dad (Craig T. Nelson) and Gammy the news. When they arrive, Margaret learns Andrew's family owns most of the town. Mom and Gammy are surprised, but thrilled to learn of the news and insist they get married there, during their visit. An overworked and suspicious INS Agent (Gilbert O'Hare) watches their every move. Add Ramone (Oscar Nunez), the town's bartender, caterer, shop worker and stripper to the mix and the comedy begins.<br /><br />Directed by Anne Fletcher and written by Peter Chiarelli, \\"The Proposal\\" just seems more real and less sitcomy than most of the rom-coms out there. Sure, there are contrivances in the story, to keep everything moving and to get the characters into the right places for the comedy bits, but the characters are more interesting and believable, and a lot of time is spent setting up the environment for the story giving everything a more believable feel.<br /><br />Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds are a nice pairing on screen. Bullock has proven she is a gifted comedienne, able to make us laugh and enjoy her performances. Unfortunately, she has given us some dreadful performances in films that were painful to sit through and watch. In \\"Proposal\\", she plays a super Type-A personality who is not a nice person. Used to getting her way, she is abrupt and unlikable. She also puts her assistant through hell because she realizes he can use this position as a stepping-stone to a more prominent role within the publishing industry. She holds this over his head, controlling his life, afraid to let him move on in case he is able to leap frog over her.<br /><br />The first time we meet Margaret, most of the office cowers out of her way, to avoid any contact with her. This is a funny and interesting way of establishing her character. When Andrew spills coffee on his shirt, he bribes another worker into switching with him. This is also an amusing change for Bullock as she usually plays nice and sweet. In \\"Proposal\\", she plays the flip side of her normal persona, giving her a chance to give Margaret a lot of development and as her character changes, we come to like a woman we initially disliked.<br /><br />Ryan Reynolds plays Andrew and I am almost to the point where I have to label Reynolds an underappreciated comedic actor. After his funny turn in \\"Just Friends\\" and his small supporting role in \\"Adventureland\\", Reynolds has proven that he can do comedy well, making his characters interesting, believable and human. With \\"Proposal\\", heonly serves to solidify this opinion. He seems to be playing Andrew as the straight man, but still manages to elicit some laughs. What this duality does is give the character more depth than you might expect.<br /><br />Forced into a situation he didn't know anything about, he uses it to his advantage. But then, he realizes how hurt his family will be and has second thoughts, trying to justify everything he is doing. Reynolds does a nice job of portraying Andrew wrestling with this moral dilemma.<br /><br />It seems like every romantic comedy has to include a certain number of 'wacky' people, to amp up the laughs. In \\"Proposal\\", Betty White plays Gammy, the matriarch of the family. I was glad to see that White was cast to play a character that is both funny and touching without being particularly bawdy, In many films, older people often seem to provide humor with some ribald remark, or to flirt with a twenty something guy. Look at the old lady. Isn't it funny that she thinks a young man could love her. This type of humor just seems sad and worn out. What this film does have is Ramone, played by Oscar Nunez (TV's \\"The Office\\"). Ramone first appears as a waiter at a party at Andrew's family home. The whole family seems to know Ramone and he flirts with Margaret. As the story progresses, we soon realize Ramone is a man with many jobs who wears many hats. He pops up in increasingly odd circumstances, making us laugh.<br /><br />Craig T. Nelson plays Joe Paxton, Andrew's dad and the owner of most of the town in Alaska where they live. He wants Andrew to return home and take over the family business, which leads to a lot of animosity between them. Andrew really wants to be an editor and his dad can't understand why all he wants to do is sit around and 'read books'. This storyline is included to give Andrew another human edge (his father is pretty straight laced and wants him to come home) but the character makes a choice, which seems to make him the most cold-hearted person in the world. I honestly don't believe any father who actually loves their son could do the same thing. It robs his character of any empathy and makes him unredeemable.<br /><br />Mary Steenburgen is good as Andrew's mom. But she seems to be included simply to act as part of a two-person female Greek chorus. She and Gammy go everywhere and seem to do everything together,<br /><br />\\"The Proposal\\" is cute, romantic, funny and more believable than you might expect. The perfect film to share a warm weekend afternoon with your significant other.seems to be playing Andrew as the straight man, but still manages to elicit some laughs. What this duality does is give the character more depth than you might expect.    Forced into a situation he didn't know anything about, he uses it to his advantage. But then, he realizes how hurt his family will be and has second thoughts, trying to justify everything he is doing. Reynolds does a nice job of portraying Andrew wrestling with this moral dilemma.     It seems like every romantic comedy has to include a certain number of 'wacky' people, to amp up the laughs. In \\"Proposal\\", Betty White plays Gammy, the matriarch of the family. I was glad to see that White was cast to play a character that is both funny and touching without being particularly bawdy, In many films, older people often seem to provide humor with some ribald remark, or to flirt with a twenty something guy. Look at the old lady. Isn't it funny that she thinks a young man could love her. This type of humor just seems sad and worn out. What this film does have is Ramone, played by Oscar Nunez (TV's \\"The Office\\"). Ramone first appears as a waiter at a party at Andrew's family home. The whole family seems to know Ramone and he flirts with Margaret. As the story progresses, we soon realize Ramone is a man with many jobs who wears many hats. He pops up in increasingly odd circumstances, making us laugh.    Craig T. Nelson plays Joe Paxton, Andrew's dad and the owner of most of the town in Alaska where they live. He wants Andrew to return home and take over the family business, which leads to a lot of animosity between them. Andrew really wants to be an editor and his dad can't understand why all he wants to do is sit around and 'read books'. This storyline is included to give Andrew another human edge (his father is pretty straight laced and wants him to come home) but the character makes a choice, which seems to make him the most cold-hearted person in the world. I honestly don't believe any father who actually loves their son could do the same thing. It robs his character of any empathy and makes him unredeemable.    Mary Steenburgen is good as Andrew's mom. But she seems to be included simply to act as part of a two-person female Greek chorus. She and Gammy go everywhere and seem to do everything together,    \\"The Proposal\\" is cute, romantic, funny and more believable than you might expect. The perfect film to share a warm weekend afternoon with your significant other.
0756405890|2.0|I haven't read the entire book yet, but usually, something interesting happens before the first seven chapters. Robert Jordan's 'Eye of the World' didn't take this long to get started; Neither did George R. R. Martin's 'Game of Thrones'. The only reason I'm continuing is because of all the high praise and the fact that I paid $27 for the audiobook.
159448385X|5.0|I wish I could say I was exaggerating, but I honestly completely revolutionized my life after reading this book. I had always been interested in international affairs, but it wasn't until I read this book that I decided to change my major (from Communications to Poverty, Inequality and Social Justice, and added a Peace and Coexistence Studies minor) AND the university I was attending. (In all fairness, it was a move I had been considering for years, but I never had the motivation to do it until I read this.) It is the most powerful book I have ever read and I would suggest it to anyone.
B000OCXMAE|5.0|Don't listen to the die hards that are so stuck in their ways that they probably still believe Meatloaf would sing like on his Bat out of Hell album.    Word up guys, he won't.  Wanna know why?  Cos he's an artist and develops his skills and repertoire over time.  As a comparison, look at Oasis who haven't changed a thing over the last 10 years or whatever and they still only have 1 decent tune (Champagne Supernova - and that's not brill really is it) cos the rest all sound the bleedin same!!!!    So let's talk about the album - Valentine's Day OMG!!!  Ever been alone on V-Day?  I have and it feels just like that!!!    Given Up!  What can I say?  Awesome!    Leave Out All The Rest - Leave out all the rest of the reviews I say!  Buy this album, put your headphones on, turn up the volume and lose yourself in the variations on tempo, atmosphere, building crescendos, emotion and yes, the odd political viewpoint (which isn't a bad one really - Stop Killing Each Other!!!!!!)  What is so wrong with the lyric \\"when the rich wage war, it's the poor that die\\" - erm, hello?  Gulf? Oil? Young Soldiers sent to their deaths by politicians thousands of miles away... Wake Up!!!!    You people that like to slate decent art are the ones that need slating, not a progressive Rock Band that is still managing to raise the bar!!!!    Linkin Park, I love it and can't wait for your next instalment!
B0028K31CE|4.0|This cd is a wonderful return for an artist like Maxwell who's been missed. The entire album has the feel of a studio jam as if Max and the band stayed up for three days and nights straight and just played for their lives. That uncut, unpolished feel is what is so appealing about it because you can play the album as you go about your business or listen to it intently and hear some lush poetic lyrics. My favorite tracks are Pretty Wings, HelpSomebody, Stop the World, Fistful of Tears and Playing Possum. Even when Maxwell's lyrics are vague, the musicianship is so strong, you'll be swayed. I'm really curious about the other two albums.
0385340575|4.0|Another great thriller with everybody's favorite hero Jack Reacher, who men like and women find irresistible. This time Reacher takes a New York subway ride with five other passengers, four of whom are ordinary enough. But the fifth one, Susan Mark, harbors a deadly secret. Sensing she needs help Reacher approaches her, only to have the desperate woman shoot herself right there in the train.<br /><br />As Reacher tries to unravel the mystery of why a woman would do such a thing, and suspects she might be connected to some terrorist organization, he finds himself embroiled in all kinds of dangers--from the feds, from a former Delta Force operator now running for the U. S. Senate, and from an intriguing young woman with an unbelievable story to tell. This is an exciting read with many twists and turns as our hero is lied to on all sides and fights to get at the truth before it's too late.
B00297FEUI|3.0|Steve Jablonsky is an awesome composer, but this time the score isn't as good as the first one. The tracks are shorter and less intense than the previous one, and all of them are excessive dark. Only 2 or 3 tracks made me tremble, but the rest are only correct and a little repetitive. Not bad.
B0028K31CE|5.0|...of Maxwell.  He came with it.  This is true R&B.  I've listen to this on my Bose and Harman Kardon speakers and the music is lush, full, and resounding.  The horns, the strings, the percussion's are amazing.  Sure Maxwell doesn't just hit you over the head with his falsetto every song, but Prince didn't either, he's grown as a singer...an artist. My top 1 - Fistful of Tears,2 - Love You,3 - Stop the World,4 - Pretty Wings, 5-Bad Habits are my top five of the nine cuts.  9 tracks, yes, better that 15 when only 2 are worthy to listen to, Maxwell new CD is 55% killer cuts and 35% nice cuts where most of the music out there is 20% beats and 80% junk.  The music is polished and the lyrics definitely put something in your mind and on your heart while his vocals are, well, the man can SANG, no voice box orlayered voice overs...true vocals.  Maxwell has the R&B torch firmly in his grip and wielding it like Luke Sky-walker wielded a light saber!
B001KVZ6ES|4.0|This was a very good movie. It's pretty much about how an old grump, who lost his wife and gets caught up in a neighborhood war. When he catches a young boy trying to steal his prize car, who is being forced to join a gang. The old grump screws up the young boy's initiation and saves him in the process. Which makes him a hero to the whole neighborhood. However, the gang wants retribution and is willing to do anything, to get it. So, the old grump must figure out a way to protect the boy, his family and the neighborhood from the gang's revenge.
0553577123|5.0|I read Anne Frank's diary decades ago and was much taken by it.  What I didn't realize at the time was that her father had elected to remove passages that were heavily critical of others in the Annex and entries that dealt with his daughter's emerging sexuality.<br /><br />This \\"definitive edition\\" puts those back.  According to the introduction some corrections were made to the text.  I wish that had not been done.  I also wonder if we have have the whole diary.<br /><br />Whatever the case, this is a much, much better book.  Anne Frank was a remarkable girl.  She is able to examine her motives, her faults, and even her physical being.  It is a great story of a family in hiding from a hideous evil.  Unfortunately it is an evil that still exists in other countries.  The difference is that the evil is not Nazism but something else quite as bad.<br /><br />Some 6,000,000 Jews were murdered by the Nazis.  There are those who deny this, but there are also those who deny the moon landings.  The average citizen cannot name more than one person who died in the death camps during World War II, and that one person is a girl named Anne Frank.<br /><br />What makes her story so sad is the fact that she had so much to offer, had she lived to maturity.  One can almost be certain that she would have had much more to contribute to literature, to history.  As it is, we have only this brilliant diary, and what a piece of work it is.
0312360266|4.0|Every vampire book that I have been able to read is different. I do enjoy this one. It brings in two different cultures that are unique the vampires(of course) and Native Americans(Cherokee). The story takes place in the Tulsa, Oklahoma area so if you live in that area like I do it makes it a little more interesting. Zoey Redbird is a unique 16 year old girl that is marked by a vampire tracker while she is at school. She finds out that she has special powers and is blessed by the Goddess Nyx, which the vampyres worship. All together its an enjoyable read just for fun and to see the different types of vampires people come up with. This is different but enjoyable.
B001FB55H6|1.0|This movie was absolute rubbish. It was at least 2 hours too long, had very few decent scenes, and was crappy, cliche and over stylized. Most of the acting was horrible, wooden and hammy. There was not one character that was not a complete $h17 bag. This movie was grim, dreary and depressing for the sake of it. The action scenes were brought about by completely manufactured scenarios and the violence and gore was way over the top and completely campy and corny. Many parts of it were so dreadfully boring too. Oh and Mr Inkblot..... That voice drives you up the wall after a while, it sounds like he has laryngitis and severe constipation at the same time. The later bit of the movie wasn't so bad, but the very end was anticlimactic and just plain stupid.
0525950079|4.0|In _World Without End_, Follett returns to the setting of [[ASIN:B0017TA6RU Pillars of the Earth]] this time between 1327 - 1361.  Speaking in generalities, European society in the Middle Ages was comprised of those who worked, those who prayed and those who fought.  In a somewhat contrived manner, Follett weaves the stories of the lives of people from these social classes together.  Following the lives of Gwenda, a peasant girl, Ralph and his brother, Merthin (sons of a local knight), and Caris, a wool merchant's daughter, their dreams, hopes and fortunes provide the bulk of this detailed story,  weighing in at just over 1000 pages.<br /><br />As with any piece of historical fiction, there are issues of accuracy to be picked with the author.  Taking it as fiction, I tend to be forgiving of much of the historical minutae, instead focusing on the story itself.  I admit, I was sucked into the lives and conflicts of the characters, anxiously reading to see whether the political machinations of the antagonists will be foiled, hoping that Merthin, Caris and Gwenda get what they want from life, shaking my head in frustration at actions I believed were silly.  In many ways, _World Without End_ read like an epic.<br /><br />As much as I enjoyed watching the characters grow and develop and seeing how they overcame the obstacles and heartaches of life, I was frustrated at the contrivance of many of the events.  Certainly the powers that be (the church and the nobility) in the Middle Ages were resistant to change, while those engaged in enterprise embrace and seek change; and I understand how this conflict helps move the story along.  However for 1000 + pages, the same general conflict being replayed over and over became a bit tiresome.  I was similarly disappointed in the way in which the Black Death was written, even making allowances for literary license.  The shock and fear of \\"the Great Mortality\\" wasn't dramatized enough;  I was also a bit disappointed to see how few of the principal characters were laid low by the plague.  To his credit, Follett's showing of how the aftermath of the plague changed social and economic relations was well done.  The opening mystery of the secret letter seemed a bit thin and forced, and its resolution was luke-warm.<br /><br />Still, I enjoyed reading it - in fact, I was so wrapped up with the characters that I did little else but read for a few days because of my interest in his characters - as Follett writes, \\"...each individual had a different life, every one of them rich and complex, with dramas in the past and challenges in the future, happy memories and secret sorrows, and a crowd of friends and enemies and loved ones.\\"  This is the essence of _World Without End_, even with my reservations. Clearly I have mixed feelings about the book.  Giving Follett the benefit of the doubt, 4 stars.  Recommended.the principal characters were laid low by the plague.  To his credit, Follett's showing of how the aftermath of the plague changed social and economic relations was well done.  The opening mystery of the secret letter seemed a bit thin and forced, and its resolution was luke-warm.<br /><br />Still, I enjoyed reading it - in fact, I was so wrapped up with the characters that I did little else but read for a few days because of my interest in his characters - as Follett writes, \\"...each individual had a different life, every one of them rich and complex, with dramas in the past and challenges in the future, happy memories and secret sorrows, and a crowd of friends and enemies and loved ones.\\"  This is the essence of _World Without End_, even with my reservations. Clearly I have mixed feelings about the book.  Giving Follett the benefit of the doubt, 4 stars.  Recommended.
0307266303|5.0|There are 3 types of people who should read this book:1)serious runners, 2)those who would like to become serious runners and 3)anyone who enjoys a good story.  I am in both categories 2 and 3 and I loved this book. Other reviewers have written excellent summaries of the plot so I'll write about my reactions. First of all, it is funny, often hilariously so.I was fascinated by the motley assortment of unusual and interesting characters that fill the pages. Most of them live by different rules than we do. McDougall brings them to life in a way that had me always wanting to read \\"just one more page.\\"  I'm glad no one else was in the room when I read about Barefoot Ted's observation about human urine on page 275 because I laughed so loud it may have been embarrassing.        Many of those characters can run unbelievable distances, some of them without all the fancy accoutrement we often associate with long distance running.It made perfect sense to me that the muscles, tendons, etc. weaken and consequently offer the foot less support as we surround them with ever more expensive running gear. So I decided to start running barefoot for part of my run (on grass) and that, coupled with the running technique he describes in the book has helped me to run distances I haven't run in 15 years. The only problem has been ant bites!     The book can jump around a bit but I was not at all annoyed, in fact I think   he does a wonderful job in tieing together the several sub-stories that make up this very enjoyable read. One last word: hyperbole. No doubt there is some in there but I don't think it changed anything vital, it only added to the tale.
0739383248|5.0|I had to admit, I was skeptical when I heard the premise of the book - but the moment I started reading I was enchanted. Far from having the same dull old plots, Kinsella has found a very unique and intriguing storyline that keeps the readers engaged from start to finish. I absolutely ADORED Lara Lington as our flawed heroine - in this case, one who can't realize her boyfriend *really* wasn't meant for her and was overly anxious - and as a twenties lover, Sadie was fantastic. If you're looking for anything really deep, I wouldn't recommend it - but for a fun read, it's perfect.
0061537969|3.0|Enzo, a lab-terrier mix, is tired of being a dog.  He is looking forward, in fact, to the end of his life because of his certainty that, next time around, he will return to consciousness as a man.  Enzo just cannot wait to have opposable thumbs and the kind of tongue that will allow him to form all the words he has rattling around in his head.<br /><br />He knows how lucky he is to have been the one chosen from his litter of pups to live with Denny, a Seattle-based racecar driver and mechanic.  Denny treats Enzo more as a friend than a pet and Enzo is smart enough to know the difference.  He is not sure at first what to think when Denny falls in love with Eve and brings her home to live with them but, when a daughter is born to the happy couple, all is well again in Enzo's world.<br /><br />Enzo learns about life by listening to Denny talk about his car racing philosophy, a philosophy filled with observations that work just as well in real life as they work on the racetrack.  He fills, what would otherwise be lonely days alone, watching television documentaries and The Weather Channel and, in the process, becomes more and more convinced that he is, indeed, prepared to take on human form in his next life.  His evenings are so often spent along side Denny on the couch watching tapes of Denny's past races that he even becomes somewhat of an racetrack expert.<br /><br />When things take a turn for the worse for Denny and those closest to him, Enzo is there to suffer right along side him, and even manages to keep Denny from making a bad decision or two that might have cost him everything he loves most.  Enzo is what we want to believe our own dogs are like.  He is patient, loving, and totally aware of his place in the world but he remains capable of protecting us from ourselves and others.<br /><br />And therein lies my problem with \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain.\\"<br /><br />I could never suspend my disbelief to the degree required to lose myself in the book and, without that suspension of disbelief, I was unable to appreciate Garth Stein's fable the way so many others have appreciated it.  Enzo is the smartest guy in the room and, since the book is told from his point-of-view, he is almost always in the room.  He understands Denny, his friends, his wife, and those who mean to harm him better than Denny ever will.  All those hours spent in front of a television have provided Enzo with the equivalent of a college education, it seems.  He not only understands everything he sees and hears, he is generally one step ahead of the humans around him.<br /><br />I understand the appeal of \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain.\\"  Denny's race strategy and driving techniques easily translate into a coherent philosophical approach to life itself.  It is a classic tale of courage, perseverance, love, and compassion, though, ultimately, it so closely follows the classic form that it holds few surprises.  As in the case of many good books, however, the fun comes from the journey itself and not from the final destination.  I dare say that most people who read \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" are likely to enjoy it more than I enjoyed it, but I am not sorry that I spent a few hours with Enzo.unable to appreciate Garth Stein's fable the way so many others have appreciated it.  Enzo is the smartest guy in the room and, since the book is told from his point-of-view, he is almost always in the room.  He understands Denny, his friends, his wife, and those who mean to harm him better than Denny ever will.  All those hours spent in front of a television have provided Enzo with the equivalent of a college education, it seems.  He not only understands everything he sees and hears, he is generally one step ahead of the humans around him.    I understand the appeal of \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain.\\"  Denny's race strategy and driving techniques easily translate into a coherent philosophical approach to life itself.  It is a classic tale of courage, perseverance, love, and compassion, though, ultimately, it so closely follows the classic form that it holds few surprises.  As in the case of many good books, however, the fun comes from the journey itself and not from the final destination.  I dare say that most people who read \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" are likely to enjoy it more than I enjoyed it, but I am not sorry that I spent a few hours with Enzo.
B00288KNL8|3.0|I loved seeing this movie in the theater with digital 3D, but the old fashioned green/orange version you get with this DVD wipes out the color and did little to enhance the film with the feeble 3d effects that were provided.  If it makes a difference, I watched it on a large flat screen monitor.  So, the bad news out of the way, the movie was great.<br /><br />The film is creepy in the halloween aesthetic so favored by Tim Burton, but done here with a bit less of the macabre than in \\"Nightmare Before Christmas\\".  The \\"other mother\\" turns out to be a spidery creature with the typical Burtonesque mechanical hinged hands, and rag dolls populate the \\"other world\\", and when they are dispatched, they don't bleed, they lose sand.  The film is set in Oregon, and to a point manages to suggest a bit of the misty romance of the western part of that soggy, mountainous state.  But for all the sets and effects, it's the story that carries this film.  And the story, despite the near relentless gloom and creep, is quite positive.  A lonely girl, transplanted from Detroit (where you would think she would have at least some relief at having escaped) to the Oregon countryside by her self employed, and self absorbed writer parents, finds a secret door to a mirror-image apartment, and a mirror image family that is everything hers isn't, including not real and very dangerous.  It seems the \\"other mother\\" also referred to in the film as \\"the beldam\\" an archaic word for an old hag (although she hasn't that characteristic at all) creates a fantasy world to draw children to her, then she sews buttons on their eyes (they don't go into detail on this) and locks them behind a mirror where she eats their life (or their soul, the film says life, which seems odd).<br /><br />Along comes Coraline who, unlike the three other kids who fell afoul of the beldam, decides she's not that lonely, and fights back.  Given all the time and energy it took to get to that point, the film resolves itself a bit too quickly from there, for my tastes, but it does it so well; a nice bit of chocolate or fine cheese that was portioned a bit too small, and there isn't any more as you find out afterwards...  The thing about the two worlds in this film, is that it isn't just Coraline's family that gets the treatment.  The old Russian acrobat upstairs and the two burlesque performers downstairs also have star turns in the \\"other world\\" that really delight the viewer.  I managed to find a review on a \\"family\\" website that was very good, until it got to the nudity part...  I'll mention that because they did, as apparently it's an issue for some people.  In the burlesque scene, in a vaudeville theater that the ladies apartment becomes in the \\"other world\\" they do what they did when they were younger, except that now they're not, and they're very, very out of shape, but you do have two stop-animation figures cavorting about in a vaudeville burlesque routine about mermaids and sirens, and one of them is but for the saving graces of glittering pasties and g-strings all but naked.  And then, the women materialize in their more youthful form, in show-nothing one piece bathing suits that would have made Mr. Hayes proud, and there you are.  I'd hate to think I ruined your day if I led you into a purchase that has partial stop animation nudity among the clay-rines.<br /><br />So, I heartily recommend the film, and just as heartily suggest you watch the 2D version as it seems to be enhanced (ala \\"Roger Rabbit\\") such that it has greater depth without having 3D.  The 3D, in the theater, was not so much the hatchet flying off the screen variety of old, but added a degree of depth and realism to the story.  I wonder if one brought home the glasses from the theater, one would have better results with the 3D here?  And then I ask, why aren't the live action films this good?
B0018QOIXU|5.0|I love this cd.  It's way better than I'd hoped it would be.  It's a bit jazzy but in a wonderful modern way.  And her lyrics and story telling is eloquently simple and straight forward.  And even if you're not listening to the lyrics you have the music and her voice to enjoy.  Best cd I've bought this year.  The Bob Dylan cover MAKE YOU FEEL MY LOVE has been done by others but this one is the best. It would make Dylan proud.
1416562605|2.0|At its core, this is a story of one enterprising youth's amoral rise out of subserviency and into relative wealth, but underlying this rags-to-riches tale, there's a political diatribe shaming the government of India for all of the horrors, tragedies and injustices of a third world country, and hidden underneath, the message that literacy leads to success.<br />Balram, the story's main character, begins his life with no name, living in a world of such horrible squalor, filth and ignorance that it seems more like the figment of a psychopath's imagination than a place in which human beings live their entire lives. The only school Balram has ever attended is staffed by teachers who reek of booze, steal the children's lunch money, snore as the boys torture each other and spit paan onto the walls. As disgusting and depressing as the schools are, it seems almost preferable to the alternatives, one of which is the horrible fate of being pulled from school to work off loans paid for unnecessarily lavish weddings.<br />Balram and his family live much like animals and their livelihood rests upon a \\"fat, glossy-skinned creature, with a vein the size of a boy's penis sticking out over her hairy snout, and long thick pearly spittle suspended from the edge of her mouth\\" who \\"sat all day in her own stupendous crap,\\" but Balram's father has big dreams for Balram. \\"My whole life, I've been treated like a donkey,\\" fumes Balram's father after his son leaves school because of his fear of lizards. \\"All I want is one son of mine--at least one--should live like a man.\\" Balram, the only literate member of his family, does just that. With a combination of wit, moxie and fate, he lands himself a job as a driver in a new, more comfortable city, working for the perplexing and often contradictory Mr. Ashok. Mr. Ashok and Balram journey together from one city to another while Balram cooks up a plan to fulfill his father's wishes and eventually drag himself out of the Darkness and so far into the Light that he owns a chandelier and a MacBook.<br />Although Balram is forthcoming with praise for himself and his accomplishments (\\"I am tomorrow\\") but he seems to feel a sort of despair for the family he left behind in the filth and poverty of his previous life. Even when he returns to visit on one occasion, Balram, like many who've left their families for grander lifestyles, has a wide degree of difficulty re-digesting his family's ways after having been altered by city life. He asks himself why his father never taught him not to scratch his groin and brush his teeth. Balram has my empathy, because he has gotten out of a perpetual cycle of the downtrodden and filthy, yet those he loves in the world are still trapped in the \\"rooster coop\\" that is the poverty of India.<br />The story is told in letters written by Balram to the premier of China, Wen Jiabao, advising him about India and its faults. Childishly assuming that the premier of China would want to read a stack of letters the size of a novel from a relative nobody, Balram writes, \\"Electricity poles--defunct. Water tap--broken. Children--too lean and short for their age, and with oversized heads from which vivid eyes shine, like the guilty conscience of the government of India.\\" Written almost as a warning to the premier of China, Balram refers to post-colonial India as a zoo that had once been kept orderly, but which had since had its cages opened resulting in chaos. (\\"Only two destinies: eat--or get eaten up.\\")<br />Balram writes mostly about the separation of the rich and the poor, which has become the theme of his entire life. He draws a rift between the poor of New Delhi and the rich--those inside the air conditioned cars and those outside of them, covering their faces from the pollution. He sees his father's features in the servants outside and feels that he is both inside and outside of the car. In one especially poignant scene, Balram and Mr. Ashok switch places in the front seat of the car, exchanging the scent of the servant with the scent of the rich. Then, at the behest of Mr. Ashok's brother who is more used to being the master, they switch back into their \\"rightful\\" seats in the car. The very obvious fact that one is poor and one wealthy sits heavily on the page and the situation, summing up the entire book for me: it is not easy to create for yourself the luxury of sitting in the passenger seat--it might just be over someone's dead body.<br />Although parts of the story prove compelling, the writing is flat and unembellished, and as a consequence, parts of the story are uninteresting, or they become so after he's told us more than we care to know. The characters are two-dimensional at best, some of them having no personality at all. Even Balram seems, at times, to be two different characters. Sometimes he's the exact kind of main character we all like because he does what we are often not strong enough to do--the right thing no matter how horrible the evil stepmother (or evil employer) has been, and it is at these times that I sympathize with him. But then, in an abruptly schizophrenic manner, he becomes someone I don't really like. My sense of morals is at odds with his and I can't relate to him anymore. I don't trust either of the personalities the author has given Balram--both are wildly hypocritical. One minute, he demonstrates that hitting the servants is horrible, the next Balram himself is hitting a lesser servant. And he exaggerates and hallucinates occasionally, making me question the reality of everything in the book. Even worse, he's chock-full of misinformation, telling us either lies or rumors and flat-out untruths. (\\"I don't keep a cell phone for obvious reasons--they corrode a man's brains, shrink his balls, and dry up his semen, as all of us know...\\") The rest of the characters are unremarkable and seem more like props--I can't see them.<br />Because the story is set in the slums of India, it is slightly reminiscent of the popular box-office hit, Slumdog Millionare. But if Slumdog is the literary equivalent of India's beloved and spicy curry, The White Tiger is that of unadorned oatmeal. Flavor, please!<br />This author has painted a pathetic and sad landscape of corruption and filth in India, and for that alone, I enjoyed the reading--always ready for an eye-opener--but look elsewhere for a great story and lovable characters.e servant with the scent of the rich. Then, at the behest of Mr. Ashok's brother who is more used to being the master, they switch back into their \\"rightful\\" seats in the car. The very obvious fact that one is poor and one wealthy sits heavily on the page and the situation, summing up the entire book for me: it is not easy to create for yourself the luxury of sitting in the passenger seat--it might just be over someone's dead body.  Although parts of the story prove compelling, the writing is flat and unembellished, and as a consequence, parts of the story are uninteresting, or they become so after he's told us more than we care to know. The characters are two-dimensional at best, some of them having no personality at all. Even Balram seems, at times, to be two different characters. Sometimes he's the exact kind of main character we all like because he does what we are often not strong enough to do--the right thing no matter how horrible the evil stepmother (or evil employer) has been, and it is at these times that I sympathize with him. But then, in an abruptly schizophrenic manner, he becomes someone I don't really like. My sense of morals is at odds with his and I can't relate to him anymore. I don't trust either of the personalities the author has given Balram--both are wildly hypocritical. One minute, he demonstrates that hitting the servants is horrible, the next Balram himself is hitting a lesser servant. And he exaggerates and hallucinates occasionally, making me question the reality of everything in the book. Even worse, he's chock-full of misinformation, telling us either lies or rumors and flat-out untruths. (\\"I don't keep a cell phone for obvious reasons--they corrode a man's brains, shrink his balls, and dry up his semen, as all of us know...\\") The rest of the characters are unremarkable and seem more like props--I can't see them.   Because the story is set in the slums of India, it is slightly reminiscent of the popular box-office hit, Slumdog Millionare. But if Slumdog is the literary equivalent of India's beloved and spicy curry, The White Tiger is that of unadorned oatmeal. Flavor, please!   This author has painted a pathetic and sad landscape of corruption and filth in India, and for that alone, I enjoyed the reading--always ready for an eye-opener--but look elsewhere for a great story and lovable characters.
B000ZEE3I6|5.0|Last night I saw Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince with 2 friends. One had seen (but not read the books) two films, and the other had  not read or seen Harry Potter. They loved the movie. And so did I. The movie is very dark (not just visually), the actors are good, better and superb. The movie script was excellent and kept very nicely with the book. The editing was superb (for a from book to movie). The cuts were so good that you know what happens between one scene and the abrupt move into the next: such as jumping from the inception of some action (as when Prof. Dumbledore tells Harry he will have to come with him to find one of the horcruxes).    I do know that the young actors are older than the characters they are portraying, but each one did an excellent job making their roles work. I may be suspending my disbelief because I want them to be what their characters are. We all suspend our doubts when we go to the movies. Afterall, we know what we're seeing needs the contribution of our imagination to make it work and be enjoyable.     All in all, while it does not have the wonder and liberated happiness of the first 3, 4 films, and I believe is somewhat over the heads of the many young people who love the HP series, it delivers on all aspects of a great evening at the cinema.
B00127RAJY|1.0|This video is really really boring...there is nothing about it that makes u wanna do it again and again. This is coming  from someone who loves to workout. I'm sure it would produce results b/c it is a pretty intense workout, I just couldn't get myself to do it more than 7 times.
B000002NJS|4.0|\\"Ray of Light\\" may not be the greatest album ever recorded, but it is by far the most accomplished album released by Madonna Ciccone. If anything remains her musical legacy, all of it is found on this album - her controversial takes on all modern issues aside, its also rather spiritual - and not really in a hokey way. \\"Ray of Light\\" was a landmark moment for music in the 1990s, and for many people this remains a touchstone of all things pristine in that era - listening to it now, it sounds fresh and vibrant, almost transcendent, and you could tell that they were on to something.<br /><br />Highlights are many - primarily the lead track entitled \\"Drowned World/Substitute for Love\\", which begins as a subdued anthem to lost love and instead winds up a lament on fame and the perils and foolishness of fortune. Absolutely stunning. William Orbits' legendary production on this record is perhaps what made it win those Grammys (Orbit employed similar techniques on the underrated \\"Saints and Sinners\\" album by All Saints), but this remains his most fully realized work by a long shot. Lead single \\"Ray of Light\\" is iconic, but the true gems are those that have received little or no public acclaim.<br /><br />\\"Shanti/Ashtangi\\", for instance, is a quaint Sanskrit track, which works as a prequel of sorts to Madonnas' 2000 track \\"Cyberraga\\" (a rare B-side to her \\"Music\\" single). While diction isn't the key here, its interesting to see Madonna venture into Bjork territory, using some dark production, at times reminiscent of Trent Reznor and some of the Nine Inch Nails catalog. That said, this is a deep, rich record, overflowing with texture and moods, almost trance-like in its' flow. \\"Sky Fits Heaven\\", an epic anthem on traveling down ones own path with an eye on the road in front of you, is an unlikely candidate for best track of the album, but it competes closely with \\"Frozen\\", the almost gnostic hymn that was this albums' first single.<br /><br />Understandably, Madonna both won and alienated many people with this fantastic album - only because all these tracks function on a different plane altogether. It would be demeaning to call this 'pop music', though it is indeed from a popular artist. The mixture of genres and the insistence on not going an easy route is evident, and even on songs such as \\"Swim\\", and the seemingly silly \\"Candy Perfume Girl\\", the production and songwriting is stellar. Of course, the album art perfectly reflects the music - this is shimmering, tranquil territory where everything seems precious and luscious, and \\"Ray of Light\\" is a fine slice of true electronica done right. Even with the gratuitous ode to her daughter on \\"Little Star\\", the end of the album (especially the hypnotic final track) ensure that this remains a bonafide cult classic.<br /><br />Five Stars.e with this fantastic album - only because all these tracks function on a different plane altogether. It would be demeaning to call this 'pop music', though it is indeed from a popular artist. The mixture of genres and the insistence on not going an easy route is evident, and even on songs such as \\"Swim\\", and the seemingly silly \\"Candy Perfume Girl\\", the production and songwriting is stellar. Of course, the album art perfectly reflects the music - this is shimmering, tranquil territory where everything seems precious and luscious, and \\"Ray of Light\\" is a fine slice of true electronica done right. Even with the gratuitous ode to her daughter on \\"Little Star\\", the end of the album (especially the hypnotic final track) ensure that this remains a bonafide cult classic.    Five Stars.
B00005JK8K|2.0|There's no doubt that John Woo is a gifted action director, but even the best directors can lose their touch, and that (and a weak script combined with patchy acting) is what drags \\"Windtalkers\\" down.  The contribution and courage of the Navajo windtalkers cannot be underestimated, but Woo's pointess violence and one-dimensional characters reduce their legacy to a shallow afterthought.  The film plods along from one set piece of choreographed action to another with only  nominal attention given to character development and purposeful plotting.  Euphemisms aside, this film is a mess despite a strong performance from Nicholas Cage, whose acting stands well above that of his costars.  The true violence in this plodding piece is not the action sequences but in the \\"violence\\" done to the legacy of the Windtalkers.  They and the Navajo people deserve a better tribute that this mindless, trite rubbish.
B000002LLC|4.0|My Favorite song from Madonna And On This Cd Is \\"What Can Yo Lose\\" I Bought This Cd And Put That Song On My Ipod Nano Listen To I Everyday!! Sooner Or Later\\" Is Really Good Too!!!I Also Bought the Movie I Love Her Role In This Movie. And Warren Beatty Looked So Good
B001FB4W0W|5.0|It was a great first season that gets you even more excited for the second season.
0887306101|5.0|A very good read with great tips from some all time greats.  It was eye opener to read about how much risk control/management and focusing on Defense was the highest priority for many of the great traders.  The question/answer style flowed very well and focused on the trading style and results rather than too much on the personalities.  I'm looking forward to reading Schwager's follow up \\"The New Market Wizards\\".
055358202X|5.0|Don't listen to the whining, it's still great.  Fans get way too entitled and think an author has some sort of requirement to please them at all costs.  ASOIAF is GRRM's not ours; deal with it.  If you're going to get upset when he kills off or doesn't include your favorite characters... then why are you reading GRRM? That's what he's famous for!  I personally loved the various new characters and storylines, and I have the patience to wait for him to complete old storylines I trust he isn't just abandoning.  Basically, people need to get over themselves.  His writing is still great, and I have no reason to doubt it will continue to be so.
0385341008|5.0|This was an excellent summer choice. The characters and events were happily portrayed so that we were sympathetic to their travails and exulted in their cunning exploits.Those of us that lived during WW11 found the island of Guernsey very interesting  since that was one place that did not affect us. Most of our husbands were in the Paciific Theatre or in Europe. so we had no knowledge of the occurrences in the Channel Islands.All in all, our book club agreed the writing style was interesting and informative.
B00002663R|5.0|For the record, I didn't join the \\"let's buy MJ's music posthumously\\" (in fact I was searching for the original version of this for years; without the filler that's in the 2001 reissue, or in Thriller 25 which has Jackson re-recording some of these songs with contemporary artists, most which that I don't listen to or care for.)    That said, after listening to this whole album for the 1st time in a LONG time (my mom owned the vinyl record for as far back as I can remember), one can see why this album did very well & that 7 of its 9 songs were chart toppers. From start to finish, this CD is very enjoyable. Even the post-disco \\"Baby be Mine\\" & the ballad/closer \\"The Lady in My Life\\" are wonderful, esp. the latter as I didn't like it very much when I was a child, but since grown to enjoy it whenever I hear it.     While this probably won't go down as MJ's best album (many, including this reviewer thinks that honor goes to [[ASIN:B00005QGAT Off the Wall]], this has to be one the best albums ever to produced as the Library of Congress has decided to preserved this in the National Recording Registry some 2 years ago. To this day, I'm still shocked to hear of his passing, but at least MJ's memory will live on in the music he left behind.
B001UN1KVE|4.0|I love a good majority of Mel Brooks movies, but what brings this movie down is the fact that John Candy stars in it.  I don't know what there is about him, but I find him to be very annoying, and about as funny as a rubber crutch!  I don't have a movie in my collection with John Candy in it.  I think he was a very over rated comedian/actor.  Rick Moranis shines through on this one.  Supporting cast is up there as well.  Bill Pullman proves to me that he can do different roles, playing a somewhat comedian role on Spaceballs.  Somewhat humorous role in Lake Placid, and a serious role as president in Independence Day.    This is a great spoof off Star Wars.  Mel Brooks has put out some real good movies in the past, and he always seems to get the right people to play the right parts.  I remember seeing 2 of his great movies when I was in the service - Young Frankenstien, and Blazing Saddles.  Blazing Saddles has been butchered when it was shown on network television with all the editing, so owning a copy of this classic is on my to do list.  Spaceballs seems to be ok on network television, because it doesn't have the racial overtone that Blazing Saddles does.  I recommend most of Mel Brooks movies.  Even though I don't care for John Candy, I think Mel Brooks did well by putting him in this movie.
B00003CXBK|2.0|If you think Man is evil and you're a tree hugger, you'll love this movie.  Tried to watch it for pure entertainment but couldn't because it was soo boring.  Thought it would be a good anime to watch because of all the STARS, guess all the STARS came from tree hugging liberal.
B001AVCFJM|3.0|Ok where to start.<br />I knew they would make the characters different from the original.<br /><br />The bad:<br />My first issue is they did the classic bad guy ships dark and good guy ships all sunny and bright.<br />The second thing I have issue with this new movie is the Enterprise engine room was to industrial.<br />The design of the ship I didn't like it. The original one looked better this is something hard to put my fingers on.<br />The relationship between Spock and Uhura the romance seemed out of place and forced like the director decided he needed a love scene.<br />Chekov over did the accent thing trying to play it for a laugh and was not believable.<br /><br />The Good:<br />Lots of action<br />By creating a new time line they could revisit old plots and do them differently.<br /><br />If you liked the original Startrek then you might find yourself very disappointed with this movie. It was OK but not good and not up to the Startrek production. If this is the way the new generation of the Startrek franchise is going then I will be sticking to reruns. The director/writers/producers didn't seem to understand the Startrek franchise. If it had been named something different like Questrek or something else then it might had been better, but when you have a 40+ year old franchise there are just certain expatiations.<br /><br />I am so tired of Hollywood remaking or redoing old franchises and just tossing out the history that has been established and do whatever they feel they want to.<br /><br />Will I buy this movie? Not right now I might get it when it becomes used.<br />Will I see any other Startrek movies with this time line? Maybe.<br /><br />If the rumor I hear about them making a new TV series based on this movie I might watch a few episodes to give it a chance but if it is like this movie then I will just say NO.
B00288KNL8|4.0|I got the DVD of \\"Coraline\\" today and had to look at it.  The 3D is based on the Red/Green system - not polarized.  The upshot is that although the effect is there it picture is dim/muted by the glasses.  I found it hard on the eyes.  Also, the effect is less pronounced than in the theater.  All in all, the 2D version is better for home viewing.    That said - it is a great movie!
B001I82RVS|3.0|i found my self laughing at some parts of it but not bad could had been worse
B0002J4X1Q|5.0|This movies is one of the best Sci-fi genre movies. If you like action and surprises and suspense then you should watch this movie. This is definitely the best of the three movies. So if you haven't seen this movie, you NEED to!!! This is one of my favorite movies and I tell all of my friends about this movie. I give it a 10 out of 10!
B0000CDJPQ|4.0|Saved me when I got my new Macbook Pro, only to find that there was no longer FW 400 port to use with my backup drive. The adapter works great. I'm only withholding one star because the width of the adapter makes it a tight squeeze getting plugs into the adjacent ports sometimes. But that's a very minor annoyance.
015206396X|4.0|This was a great book expecially if your a female. Katsa has the grace of \\"killing,\\" and she meets her match Prince Po with the grace of \\"combate.\\" Of course nothing is what it seems about their graces.  The only reason I gave it a 4 star rather than 5 was do to lack of more romance for me.. It was kind of dry in some places and I wasn't crazy about the ending. But otherwise it is a good read. Lots of action.
B000W1V5OC|5.0|To be sure, Nightwish has had their problems. They lost their lead singer and her replacement, while very talented, doesn't seem to have entirely found her \\"groove\\" yet.    That being said, this album presents Nightwish at their legendary best. Breathtaking vocals from Tarja, incredible guitars from Marco and Emppu, astounding drums with Julius and of course, Tuomas' greatest compositions that in many ways seem to transend reality.    Many other bands have said that Nightwish and Tarja were their inspiration. Get this album if you want to see why.
B00003CX9W|5.0|Fantasia on dvd is even better than on video. The only thing I didn't like was the censored centaurette, Sunflower, the stereotyped Black girl. I saw the censored clips & I wonder why they used such an offensive character in the first place! The zebra striped centaurettes who serve Baccus are just as offensive, they could have been deleted too. What was Disney thinking putting them in? I think it's very wise to delete as much of these offensive characters as possible from the new versions of Fantasia. As a white, liberal, chick I find them embarrasing, glad that some of them are deleted.
B0000C7PRY|5.0|As a musician and music lover, this is a great recording. The artistry, creativity, writing, and talent are as good as anything I have ever heard. I actually bought this when it first came out and then shelved it over time to listen to other music. I recently picked it back up and began listening to all if Neal's recordings over and over. The man is a genius.     What is even more impactful to me is the sincere passion in his music. Whether you are a Chrisitian or not, you have to be touched by this incredible story of someone finding their way.    I bought this CD for an old friend and can't begin to tell you how it touched their life.    I can't wait for the next CD.    Thanks Neal for being a great talent and loving God.
0380725398|3.0|Like the other raters here I can't stand when someone gives out the whole summarization of a book. The point is to give ratings.     This book: another highly recommended read by Daphne du Maurier. I'm a fan of the author and like her other books she has done a fabulous job here. It's an easy shorter read and good for anyone that enjoyed Frenchmans Creek, Rebecca or My cousin Rachel.      Thanks to the other raters who have respected the intentions of thes reviews.
0385341008|5.0|This is a charming book, easy to read and hard to put down. It has a quaint, old fashioned feel to it, set after the second world war in London alongside the experiences of Channel Islanders (Guernsey, specifically) during the German Occupation. The characters are beautifully written and so real. I strongly recommend this to all book lovers and especially to book clubs. Brilliant!
1594488916|4.0|Throughout The Man Who Loved Books, author Allison Hoover Bartlett kept dipping her toe into the word of rare book collecting.  Seemingly to try and relate to those whose all consuming passion it is, but in parts, it's as if she is trying to get addicted herself.  A book lover and a reader, she tries on the mania, but it doesn't fit.  For that, though, we have the subject of the book, John Charles Gilkey, book thief.<br /><br />\\"If you have a bookcase, added Gilkey, the more you put on them, the more it builds up, the more it's worth, the better it looks With books, it looks beautiful, you can read it if you want, and it's part of the ambiance of a house, isn't it?\\"<br /><br />(Is it a bad sign if I completely agree with the thoughts of a book thief?)  But it's more than the looks of a book collection, Bartlett finds.  With Gilkey, it's a childhood steeped in collecting (and a total lack of morals when it comes to stealing), and a desire to create an image of himself as successful and well-read create an image, not actually do the work to get become those things.<br /><br />\\"That people would admire Gilkey because of his book collection seemed to be at the crux of his desire.  It wasn't merely a love of books that compelled him, but also what owning them would say about him.\\"<br /><br />\\"Gilkey had a wish that he could not afford to grant himself, thus those who kept him from doing so, dealers, were to blame.  What must it be like, I wondered, to view the world in such a way, to feel entitled to all one desired and to be able to justify to oneself any means of obtaining it?\\"<br /><br />This book was interesting not only because of the insight I gained into the thoughts of a criminal, but because of the look into the legitimate book world that Bartlett gives.  There are many who share Galleys passion, but not his lack of conscience.<br /><br />\\"Having spent a few days among collectors and dealers at the New York Antiquarian Book Fair, I sensed that many of them were also building identities through their collections, acquiring books as talismans of taste, knowledge, and affluence.\\"<br /><br />There is humor in this as well.  \\"For many book collectors, comic books are the gateway drug to the hard stuff.  The need to find issue #5 of the Hulk morphs into a lust for hardbound copies of The Call of the Wild.\\"<br /><br />One of the best aspects of the book was when Bartlett visits and interviews the small book dealers who, very unfortunately, were victims of Gilkey.  Their passion for books and the time, care and hours they put into their businesses comes blazing off the page.  These, for me, are the heroes of the book.  The author paints such a vivid picture of these people and of their shops that I felt like I could actually hear the bell chiming above the door as I entered.<br /><br />I love books.  The look, the smell, the feel of them.  I collect those I read and those that have been part of my life since childhood.  But for me, the value of my books is in the words, and in the memories I have of my feelings as I read them.  I can't imagine owning a book that I wouldn't dare read for fear of decreasing its value.  So it's fascinating for me to get a chance to learn about those who do just that.ns, acquiring books as talismans of taste, knowledge, and affluence.\\"    There is humor in this as well.  \\"For many book collectors, comic books are the gateway drug to the hard stuff.  The need to find issue #5 of the Hulk morphs into a lust for hardbound copies of The Call of the Wild.\\"    One of the best aspects of the book was when Bartlett visits and interviews the small book dealers who, very unfortunately, were victims of Gilkey.  Their passion for books and the time, care and hours they put into their businesses comes blazing off the page.  These, for me, are the heroes of the book.  The author paints such a vivid picture of these people and of their shops that I felt like I could actually hear the bell chiming above the door as I entered.    I love books.  The look, the smell, the feel of them.  I collect those I read and those that have been part of my life since childhood.  But for me, the value of my books is in the words, and in the memories I have of my feelings as I read them.  I can't imagine owning a book that I wouldn't dare read for fear of decreasing its value.  So it's fascinating for me to get a chance to learn about those who do just that.
B001BTG2FG|5.0|Excellent book. I'm amazed at the hours of research and study that go into this womans writings. Sharon Kay Penman is a wonderful historian and story teller. You feel so much a part of these peoples lives it's as if you were standing in those medievil castles yourself!
0743270754|5.0|The researched information that Ms. Goodwin provides in this book is priceless.  She provides an excellent insight into the times and political machinations of that era.  The reader is slowly drawn into the conclusion that Lincoln and only Lincoln could have held the Union together and freed the slaves at the same time.  If any one of the \\"Team of Rivals\\" had won the election they would have allowed their passion to get in the way of their intellect.  Lincoln was a brilliant statesman.
B0001KZM3O|4.0|I just love this album. This is purely Roger Waters, and that's nothing wrong with that.<br /><br />Roger was totally different from, let's take for instance, Lennon & McCartney. He would never restrain himself to one theme, and would refuse to write love songs. You have no labels to define his style, he was just complete, going from one extreme to other, always in perfect shape. He's like the Kubrick of Rock N Roll, and that's why his music will never be dated.<br /><br />\\"Two Suns in the Sunset\\" is just a perfect song, closing the album with a mixed feeling of desolation mixed and melancholy. \\"Paranoid Eyes\\" is another perfect example of Roger distinctive vocals and lyrical interpretation.<br /><br />You don't necessarily need to get into the mood of the album to appreciate it, but is somewhat important to know that this album is like The Wall part II, as it follows the timeline of the character Pink. He's now off the wall, and depression is all that he can find now that his shelter is gone. But the album is above all a collection of amazing musical jewels.<br /><br />I won't deny that even thought the album is almost as perfect as The Wall, the more intense collaboration of Gilmour would have added a lot to the album, but you can't change the past, and the album is what it is. The circumstances of the band at the time wouldn't allow a level of collaboration between them like the ones that happened in Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I am ashamed but glad to admit that I learned so much about our healthcare system (or the lack thereof) from this film.  I am scared and entertained at the same time.  Be sure to check out the DVD extras -- they are excellent and as interesting and informative as the film.  If you are into PBS, also check out the Frontline episodes: Sick Around the World and Sick Around America.  Both are free to watch on Frontline website.  (p.s. IMHO, Michael won the little silly debate with the CNN Sanjay Gupta.)
B00000K413|5.0|Sensational album!<br /><br />All songs composed by Orzabal and amazing delivered vocals by both him and Smith. This album is in no way dated, and the songs are as stronger as they were at the time the album was released, back in 1983. We have al kinds of moods, feelings and atmospheres. This is an anbum ahead of its time, definitely.<br /><br />This is what I call pop music with heart. It's a problem for some people to understand what this may be, as nowadays pop music is garbage, with overproduced arrangements and empty produced celebs, like the kind of Justin Timberlake and etc...<br /><br />If you think that Tears for Fears is only made of easy going pop bits you're totally wrong, listen to this album and its deep lyrics so you change completely your mind about this musical genius, that is called Roland Orzabal!
B000BBOUD6|5.0|I first saw this film at the movies in the mid 90's when it first hit theatres.  Great story-telling, acting, direction and cinematography!  I said that then, and I still say it all these years later.  Sir Anthony Hopkins, Brad Pitt, Aidan Quinn, Julia Ormand, Henry Thomas,   and a stellar supporting cast all went above and beyond what they were hired  to do, and it worked brilliantly. The new deluxe version has good special  features and the digital remastering has made it even more vivid visually  and the sound is rich!--Perfect for my 40\\" HD 1080p Surround LCD TV.  If you don't already have it, this is definitely one to add to your collection.
B000088E77|4.0|Great album! Everytime I listen to this I like it more and more, the songs are in no way dated, and the mix of Reggae and Rock is perfect.<br /><br />Look at the setlist, we have 4 amazing hits, including the mega singles \\"Who Can It Be Now?\\" and \\"Down Under\\". But the true gems are the other songs of the album.<br /><br />\\"Helpless Automation\\" is a song composed and sung by Greg Ham, the keyboard player. The vocals are nice, and the song goes in a nice mood. \\"Touching the Untouchables\\" has a sensational Sax solo, and a nice rhythm that goes along with the chorus. The last track \\"Down by the Sea\\" is a nice and mellow ballad, the colses the album perfectly.<br /><br />Men at Work was a great band that never was afraid of trying new things and mixing all kinds of sounds. Colin Hay is a great singer and composer, and the band goes along with his high level of playing.<br /><br />A true classic that should receive more recognition from both the critics and the public!
B001DJ7PQ4|2.0|The only reason this season gets more than a single star from me is because of the exceptional writing of Steven Moffat, who penned the 'Silence in the Library' two parter late in this series, which ranks as some of the best doctor to date. The rest of the season, however, is some of the worst. Whereas Rose was a fine companion and Martha was great, our good friend the bride is simply annoying. Unlike her two predecessors, she rarely shows any intuition. All in all, i'm very happy Russel T. Davies is leaving and handing the reins over to Moffat. Can't wait for season five.
B00007KWHP|5.0|That is Yes masterpiece, enough said. Of course Close to the Edge is also a tremendous piece of progressive rock, but this album is richer, more colourful and much more melodic. It balances all that a perfect prog album must have, it's just magical.<br /><br />You never get tired of listening, and sometimes you tend to repeat some songs over and over again, like \\"Roundabout\\" for example. \\"Long Distance Runaround\\" also sounds so good, and I just love the chorus with the guitar following the vocals.<br /><br />\\"Roundabout\\" is just my favourite Yes song ever, and Anderson's vocals are his best all through the album, with all musicians doing the exact necesary of his instrument, not trying to overcome one another.<br /><br />The album begins in a high level and manages to keep it in all songs, and closes as great as started. There isn't any song that stands alone, the album is a solid, solid work!<br /><br />Yes can proudly stand as one of the top bands in the progressive pantheon!
B001DHXT20|2.0|Is it too much to ask to have the actual Hulk look like a real living, breathing, being?  This creature was so cartoonish my suspension of disbelief evaporated even faster than a Liv Tyler tear, making the INCREDIBLE HULK a most annoying viewing experience.  Don't get me wrong:  I truly admire comic-based movies that are engaging and well made (case in point, [[ASIN:B00005JPS8 Iron Man]]); but when the action hero is presented so grotesquely over the top as this version of The Hulk, all bets are off.<br /><br />Which is kind of sad, as I'm a big fan of Ed Norton films (and this is the first one of his movies that I did not enjoy); yet Norton's considerable talent is wasted here, as he's little more than a prop between monster manifestations.  Liv Tyler is a solid thespian as well (and easy on the eye), but she, too, seems to be going through the motions.  William Hurt plays a great villain, and is one of INCREDIBLE HULK's few positives, while all I could do was just laugh at Tim Roth as a deranged soldier turned Hulk Antagonist (and if you think Hulk is over the top, wait 'til you see Roth's Cloverfield-looking get-up).<br /><br />Lastly, Norton's Bruce Banner character always wears elastic-band pants under his everyday clothes so that should he \\"change\\" he will at least be modestly attired.  My take is, once he Hulks up into his giant green bling, who the heck is gonna protest he's in the raw?  Like I said about INCREDIBLE HULK. . .annoying.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B001EOOQEM|5.0|Absolutely classic!<br /><br />In my opinion this is the 4th best Sabbath album. Iommi was really inspired here, I mean, what an evolution from the worst 'Ozzy era' album, Never Say Die. Dio is a beeter singer than Ozzy, and he indeed reach high places in this album.<br /><br />It's hard to point out the highlights, all songs are great. Even the ones who are rarely mentioned, like \\"Wishing Well\\", shows that the band was really inspired. \\"Lonely Is the Word\\" is probably the best closing track ever put on a rock album.<br /><br />Too bad this line-up with Dio would last for such a little time. They could have become as great as the original Sabbath, no doubt about that.
0307588335|5.0|I had trouble rating this book. As I reviewed my last two reads, Fools Gold and House of Dimon, this book should have been a 4.5, but Amazon does not give me that option, thus I rounded up to five stars. The book is fluid to read, concerning Lehman Brothers. When you read his book, I suggest that you also purchase Fools Gold and Jamie Dimons book, House of Dimon. Those two books will definitely give you, the reader a perspective on what happened within the credit derivative marketplace, and ultimately, the financial meltdown. I believe the author also gave us a look at something that he may not have intentionallty thought of when he wrote this book. What happens when you have poor leadership at the helm of a major organization and second, what happens when leadership does not understand and listen to their subordinates. JP MorganChase was in the exact same position, as Fuld was in at Lehman. Dimon listened to his people, Fuld did not. You will get that sense from this author.   The author did show how he went from small school to Wall Street plus how a culture can maintain people besides pay. Make no mistake, Lehman Brothers did made profit and paid out profits, known as bonuses, plus Lawrence McDonald reminds us that their organization was set up to \\"eat what you killed\\", thus some people might view this as the source behind the financial meltdown. Totally incorrect and farthest from the truth.   I had read other reviews from other readers who mention that Lawrence McDonald seem to have a chip on this shoulders, in regard to Dick Fuld. I can understand that point of view but Dick Fuld and Joe Gregory are not going to do an interview for this book. If they did, most certainly they would have to waive their 5th amendment rights, as S&L crooks, Charles Keeting got away with far less.   Finally, if you are reading this review, then you are at Amazon.com and I would suggest that you go back to the purchasing cart and get The House of Dimon and Fools Gold, by Tett. Takea week vacation, read them all and you will get a very good feel for what happened in the financial market place when it comes to the credit derivatives and how leadership in both organizations where done correctly and incorrectly.
B000063COX|5.0|Just perfect, my favourite Maiden album ever!<br /><br />Paul Di'anno voice was amazing. At the same time lyrical and strong, deep and soft!!! All songs are great. After Paul left, of course they changed a bit their sound, but this album must always be remembered as a true Masterpiece!!!<br /><br />\\"Charlotte the Harlot\\" and \\"Iron Maiden\\" are absolute classics, and nobody can sing \\"Prowler\\" or \\"Strange World\\" the way Paul did. Take a look to the versions of the songs from this album sang by Bruce, they're way behind, just like Blaze trying to sing Bruce ones...<br /><br />They had so many energy at this point that you can almost fell the instruments burning, the perfect combination of punk rock and heavy metal.
B0026OE2NY|5.0|HOME: Extraordinary documentary about our planet and what we are doing to it. This is no science-fiction anymore. Watch it and see how our impact on the environment has already become irreversible. For those with kids, it ain't pretty was coming for our children. The movie is based on facts. What are you all doing to minimize our impact on the environment now?
B00005B36H|5.0|Definitely one of the ten greatest rock albums of all times and the album of the decade!<br /><br />Of course Aenima is great, but no matter what happens to this band in the future, this album is hugely monstrous, is just rock n' roll in the timeless sense of art. You can't explain with words, the only way to understand what this album is about is listening to it, do this, now!!!!!<br /><br />Timeless, timeless masterpiece, at the level of Dark Side of the Moon.
B0009XNUK0|3.0|Scream and Earth Song are not here, so even if you get this 2 CD set, you will need to get the Number Ones to get Earth Song and who knows where you can get Scream--although I bought the video Vol. 2 to get that.    So EPIC, did Michael really know you kept these 2 very essential songs off this 2 disc set?  Shame on you.
B000AMJC2K|5.0|Pros:    - Very sturdy, typing with it mounted to my desk did not make the screen vibrate.  - There is a large range of possible horizontal motions and a decent amount of vertical range.  - The price is very good when compared to some of the other products out there.  - Can be mounted in multiple ways, i.e. at the edge of you desk with a clamp or in the middle with a drill.    Cons:    - Some of the hinges to allow motion come from the factory VERY tight. I would loosen some of them a little bit before mounting.  - For the 100mm monitors there is an adapter plate that you have to use. This worries me because the monitor seems like it is being held up only by the tension of thumb screws on the monitor. But so far it seems very sturdy.
B000UR9T8C|4.0|The title of this review sums it up. I will not go into detail as it has all been covered. Not as dark as the Dark Knight but does have a genuine touch of evil missing from the prior two, but still good prevails as one would expect.    Easily the best looking scenery wise and the best special effects of the three, but its weakness is in the diluted plot. One villian and one story line with intense focus or three villians and four story lines with minimal attention to any of them. This film chose the latter.    I enjoyed it very much and am happy to add it to my collection. Its a no brainer for anyone who liked 1 and 2.
B00005JMYI|5.0|When i watch comedys i look at this movie as the bar for comedies there is alot of movies that make me crack up the hangover,i love you man, knocked up,ect. but this is the only movie that made me fall out of my seat laughing i was embarrassed in the theater i couldnt tell if anybody else was laughing because i was laughing so loud but i bet they were if you like comedy,movies,will ferrell,or being an american you will love this movie it is truly a masterpiece the wake up ron burgundy thing was a huge dissapointment though dont pay extra for it its on youtube so buy the regular and have the best time of your life its better than sex well almost as good as sex buy it i also reccommend kung pow
B000FC2JTS|5.0|Bottom line - a MUST READ for anyone questioning their current relationship, with the necessary humor added to make you see just how SILLY we all are when it comes to MEN!  GET THIS BOOK GIRLS!! ..a fun and easy read that will CHANGE the way you see men's dating behavior forever more!
0307588335|2.0|This book has little pace as story. Instead it reads like an ad for the author. I heard him interiewed on NPR, and he was so full of grandiosity it was silly. He kept referring to working on Wall Street as being with the \\"best and the brightest.\\" Apparently he does no know that David Halberstam's description of the men who prosecuted the Viet Nam war as  \\"the best and brightest\\" was ironic. This guy really believes that the traders on Wall Street are the best and brightest. This type of naivity is rife in this book. It takes a lot of stupidity to call these greedheads on Wall Street either the best or the brightest. If they were either, they would not have been on Wall Street in the first place. In fact, they were all proven to be blinded by avarice, dumb and narrow. McDonald's got it backward.
B001JP5JRY|4.0|I was looking for something that was low on think and high on laugh. This definitely fit the bill! You are most likely going to rip through this pretty quickly. Think of it as a collection of one liners that are likely to at least get you grinning and in some cases laughing out loud.<br /><br />While the eBook/Kindle version gives you all the words, after looking at the print version, it definitely does not give you the full experience. Some of the great gags in here are tied to pictures and images in the book. While an attempt is made to include these in the eBook version, it really does not cut it. They are hard to make out and end up contributing far less to the fun than they do in the print version.<br /><br />Clearly, this is one of those examples of what we sometimes lose in the translation from print copy to eBook.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am glad I read the reviews on this DVD as it really helped my make the choice to purchase it. The 30 Day Shred is definitely a great workout! When you include the warmup and cooldown periods it's actually about 27 minutes, but it's great.  I have been working out with the DVD for a little over 3 weeks and am almost out of the first Level. I have lost 3 pounds and a few inches. I will be honest in saying I have not combined my exercise with a meal plan, but that's my next step.
B000PMFVGG|5.0|... is one of the very few concerts, where you can actually experience the dedication and emotionality of Michael jackson fans to the truest of moments. I strongly disagree regarding the many shots of the crying, hysteric fans: That´s how it was with Michael Jackson appearing on stage. In this particular case you need to remember, that the concert took place in Bucharest, Romania, which was at that time just a few years of the leash of the Ceaucesco regime (very bad and darkest hour in the history of Romania). They were basically dried out regarding those kind of events, or better put: they never had them before; and Michael Jackson was indeed a visitor from \\"outer space\\", bringing the unbelievable to their doorsteps - and they show it: pure celebration of happiness, sometimes to the extreme, but who could blame them.    I always get goosebumps from the first two minutes, when he is being catapulted on stage and reigns it in rains of fire, standing with no motion, and his fans shout him, no, they pump him up with cheer. And then suddenly, with the song \\"Jam\\", the whole mass of people starts to move. That´s unforgetable, and I envy anyone who experienced this at the 1992 tour.
B000UD08HC|2.0|I'm a huge Floyd/Gilmour/Waters fan... have seen all the various iterations live many times etc. But this two-disc set felt dead to me... surprisingly there are a number of subtle flubs on Gilmour's part too. Not used to that in the perfectionist Floyd performances. It felt to me as if it was just phoned in. Gilmour's performance felt quite devoid of any real passion... I'm quite glad I just went with the Netflix on this one versus actually buying it as I've done in the past with any/all Floyd live videos.
B000YABIQ6|2.0|Mad Men is one of those historical TV shows which is fun to look at, but has almost no historical verity to it, sort of like Rome. It's not abysmally bad; sort of like Rome. You can watch it, and it's kind of fun for the soap operatics, and for what it reveals about the writers and people who watch it. It gets a lot of small physical details mostly right, which sort of magically transport you to the era of my parents photo albums. The ugly furnishings. The narrow lapel suits. Greasy haircuts. The dumb skinny ties. The fact that everyone chain smokes, and people drink at work and everywhere else, all the time. The glasses frames which make all the women look like nerds. That sort of detailed superficial appearances is what the entertainment industry has done right for the last 20 years or so; in fact, it's the only thing they've done right for the last 20 years or so. Of course, they're about 5 years off on some of the looks, but whatever; close enough. Another achievement, seemingly unique in the recent annals of television: some of the women actually look female. Of course, there are a bunch of hilarious anachronisms: beyond the non 1961 era suits and dresses ... everyone on this show sports an accent which didn't exist until around 1980 or so.<br /><br />It has a lot of fun at the expense of advertising. I find this amusingly ironic, as most people who watch this sort of show work in similarly vapid \\"creative\\" endeavors involving selling underpants on the internet, or doing the same thing on an interpersonal level using some silly variety of psychotherapy or whatnot. It genuflects at the false god of the counterculture; making dumb nihilist beatniks out to be somehow in on a secret that the ad men can't fathom, when in reality, all they really have on him is an inferior drug stash; booze and smokes, after all, were the background relaxants of America's greatest years. Real beatniks made the imaginary misogyny of \\"Mad Men\\" seem like small beer. Think I'm making some kind of unfounded assertion here? Go find me a single mainstream work of literature as insanely misogynistic as Jack Kerouac's \\"On the Road,\\" which treats women as animated cadavers. You can't do it, therefore I win.<br /><br />One of the amusing things about this show is how wrong it gets morals and folkways. While I'm sure there was plenty of sexism and seducing of coworkers in the early 1960s (since there is plenty of both now), the idea that it was a time of utter crudity, casual race hatred, extreme classism and a male conspiracy to keep women down is transparently absurd. The people who were alive in those days are still alive. I'm related to some of them; life didn't work that way at all. People were pretty much the same as they are now, except instead of being sanctimonious about not being a racist or recycling or whatever meaningless moral absurdity they're able to come up with, they just had good manners, which actually works better. Classism was exactly the same then as it is now, and a lot more subtle than, \\"I had to assume an officer's identity to make my way in the world.\\" By the way, the main character's class schtique is hilarious, because it's what every SWPL ding dong from the suburbs thinks about himself; that he escaped some horrible past and family trauma in the suburbs for the high privilege of living near \\"artistic\\" people. The idea that housewives led some kind of bizarro life of suburban alienation while their evil husbands were off sleeping with everyone is ... well, mathematically impossible. Think about it for a minute. Who are their husbands off rogering? If you believe the premise of this program, there are 4-5 women for every men. While such a world would be a nice place for me to live in, it doesn't have much to do with reality.<br /><br />Still it's kind of fun to watch, in the same way Archie Bunker was fun to watch. As someone else put it, it's kind of like Halo night in a 21st century frat house. I'm not watching it for the cheap sanctimony; I'm watching it for the sleazy gropings, high office drama, the female looking women and drinking of enormous quantities of booze. Plus, everyone smokes; most TV has entirely not enough smoking. Bonus: it's a great exposition of 21st century American upper middle class neuroses about the past. The sanctimony about \\"the way we really weren't so much,\\" can be irritating if you let it, or you can laugh at it's idiocy and make drinking games every time someone acts in a way designed to elicit modern priggishness.<br /><br />My rating: passionless suburban sex and a dry martiniing it for the sleazy gropings, high office drama, the female looking women and drinking of enormous quantities of booze. Plus, everyone smokes; most TV has entirely not enough smoking. Bonus: it's a great exposition of 21st century American upper middle class neuroses about the past. The sanctimony about \\"the way we really weren't so much,\\" can be irritating if you let it, or you can laugh at it's idiocy and make drinking games every time someone acts in a way designed to elicit modern priggishness.    My rating: passionless suburban sex and a dry martini
B00005QGAT|5.0|This cd is my favorite of all Michael Jackson cd's.  I can't get enough of Don't Stop til You Get Enough!!!!
B001FB4W02|5.0|8 seasons and counting and no interview from Tom Welling or even an episode commentary.  It's his decision but come on, the fans would LOVE a commentary with Tom, Erica and Allison.
B000JQU1VS|3.0|All of the numeric entries in the text are garbled, so if you don't care whether they're referring to 20 pounds or 3000, you'll be fine.  of course it's a free download, so I'm not complaining.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|This touching coming-of-age story feels utterly real and contemporary. The characters have the SoCal surf culture lingo down pat, and the interaction between the 2 leads feels genuine and totally believable. This is good enough to stand against anything on network TV. The production values were quite good, and it lacks the low-budget feel and poor acting found in many gay films. This movie will appeal to anyone seeking a realistic portrayal of today's youth experience. The story is also universal enough to appeal to non-gay viewers as the gay aspect is only one element in a touching drama.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|This CD has most of Michael Jacksons famous songs. I highly recommend it. The seller also sent it to me fairly fast. You will love it!
0393324818|5.0|I won a car because I read Moneyball.  I'd been playing fantasy baseball for many years with mixed success.  While I was already very familiar with the ideas of Bill James and other Sabermetric researchers, somehow it never occurred to me that their discoveries were the blueprint for success for fantasy baseball, just as much as for 'real' baseball.  That changed after I read Moneyball.  While it didn't contain any major new insights, reading it provided the inspiration I needed.  As I read the book, I had one of those 'light bulb' moments...suddenly realizing that I already knew everything I needed to win at fantasy baseball.  I happened to be entered in a national fantasy baseball competition with over 40,000 people that had a grand prize of a car.  Using my newfound inspiration, I applies the following lessons that Moneyball had driven home for me:  1.  Use every edge you can.  Work harder and smarter.  Consider more factors than other people when rating players, and make more accurate adjustments for each factor.  2.  Rather than rely in intuition, rely on calculation.  Don't think that a given player is more likely to do well on a given day, KNOW it because you've 'done the math'.  That may not seem like any great insight, but for me it was what I needed to make a breakthrough.  I came in first in the contest, and won the grand prize.  While the contest unfortunately no longer offers such large prizes, I've continued to use the same lessons to win substantial amounts of money at daily fantasy contests, such as Draftbug ([...]).    For anyone seeking to improve at fantasy sports and/or sports betting, I would suggest becoming intimately familiar with each of the following concepts:    1.  Defense Independent Pitching Statistics (DIPS) and other predictors of future ERA such as FIP, xFIP, and LIPS.  All are better than looking at ERA itself.    2.  Park Factors - don't assume that the ones provided on mainstream sites like ESPN are accurate.  Learn what goes intocreating them, and why some are better than others.    3.  Platoon Advantages and Match-up History - Learn what research has been done in these areas.  Make sure you know to what degree you can use past history as a guide, and how much the data needs to be 'regressed to the mean' to be an effective predictor of the future.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Wow. i had no idea this series was even around. I wish Fox had given it a chance. I just started watching it on DVD and was hoping for three or four seasons of material only to find it ended after 14 episodes. Really too bad. This was a quality show and a fresh perspective on Sci Fi after so many years and incarnations of Star Trek. Too bad this one couldn't be brought back to television.
B000UX6THK|2.0|The phrase \\"Gold Box Edition\\" doesn't actually, legally mean that it includes all of the material, but that's kind of implied, right? So when you receive a Gold Box Set that has material omitted, I think it's natural to feel disappointed. I'm talking about the standalone prequel to this series, \\"Fire Walk With Me\\". It's part of the series material, so it certainly should have been included. Why on Earth would they omit it?    But be warned, this is NOT the definitive Twin Peaks collection.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've used exercise DVDs in the past and haven't had good luck with them. When I saw that a few friends of mine were doing the 30 Day Shred, I figured I'd give it a try. It's already working really well and I'm only half way through the program. I try to do this exercise video 4-5 times a week. I've already lost 5 pounds and hope more is to come. Even if the numbers on the scale don't change much, the important thing is to feel stronger and healthier. I suggest this video to anyone who wants to feel and look better.
B000JQWH24|5.0|Michael Jackson is my all time favorite of all music entertainers and Thriller truly is the best album ever put together by any artist.  I received the album in perfect condition I will not play it ever.  Michael is the best!!!!
B00288KNL8|3.0|I loved the movie itself. Its a good story line (even if it is a little alice in wonderlandish) throught the rabbit hole (the door) creepy cat that dissapears when it wants to (the cat) and even the evil queen. Aside from that awesome movie and i love alice in wonderland so this is just another to enjoy. The three stars are for the reason of the 3-d. IT BLOWS It gave me a headache and even thought we had the room pitch black it was terribly blurry and just not fun. I thought the 2-d versions was more 3-d. Also this isnt the typical 3-d. nothing comes out of the screen at you at all. The only purpose of it is to give the movie some more depth. This failed as it was just mostly blurry and when it did work it still was shaded blue and red due to the glasses which just made me wish to have an antenna to adjust the film. Needless to say i switched the film to 2-d a third of the way through and will probably not ever watch the 3-d version again. The company could just put the 2-d on the disc and sell it for $10 or just sell the 2 disc for the amount of the single edition. Loved the movie hated the 3-d.
0385340575|4.0|Jack Reacher is back in NY and people watching on a train at two in the morning. One of the passengers meets all the criteria of a suicide bomber but when he confronts her, he has the suicide part right, but not \\"bomber.\\" Every acronym comes his way -- NYPD, FBI, DOD. They all want answers while keeping him in the dark. But the one question Reacher wants answered is why a woman supposedly happy with a good job and a son in college would want to kill herself. I would have given this book five stars if it weren't for the question the author doesn't answer for the reader. What was in the photograph everyone was after?
B00192IV0O|4.0|I don't know why I continually go back to the \\"Pop\\" section of my record store whenever a new BEP CD is released, but feel compelled to do so.<br /><br />I'm a heavy metal guy!<br /><br />I love the classics, Alice Cooper, Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Black Sabbath and their ilk. I grew up on loud guitars, and also enjoyed glam metal bands like Ratt. Motley Crue &  Poison. I was never into \\"pop\\" music or \\"hip hop\\". As a child of the 80's I never really cared for Madonna, Prince. I feel that Rap music began and ended with The Sugarhill Gang hit \\"Rapper's Delight\\" in 1980. Everything since then has just been a rip-off and mere noise in that genre. So why do I gravitate towards The Black Eyed Peas?<br /><br />Starting with Elephunk and Fergie's arrival I've been a fan of the band. Only discovering the band when my wife fell in loved with the tune \\"Let's Get it Started\\". I put the disk in my CD player and it remained there for weeks! When \\"Monkey Business\\" came out I grabbed it immediately. For me \\"Monkey Business\\" provided the soundtrack to the summer of 2005. Now with \\"The E.N.D.\\" I can't stop listening to the album. This is by far the best disk the band has created.<br /><br />1. \\"Boom Boom Pow\\" - Just a killer track to lead off the disk. Simple beat and even simpler lyrics, but just so damn addictive you can't turn it off. I only wish that the spoken \\"intro\\" was relegated to it's own track so you wouldn't have to fast forward the first minute to get to the actual song.<br /><br />2. \\"Rock that Body\\" - Just a great party tune, perfect background when you have a group of friends over for a couple drinks.<br /><br />3. \\"Meet Me Halfway\\" - A killer Fergie vocal on this track. A bit on the slow/ballad side, but still a great tune.<br /><br />4. \\"Imma Be\\" - The only dud on the album. The only thing keeping me from giving \\"The E.N.D.\\" 5 stars is this track and the spoken intro into \\"Boom Boom Pow\\".<br /><br />5. \\"I Gotta Feeling\\" - This is the track to buy the CD for. Just pure pop gold with a killer hook, and chorus that is immediately memorable. This is the song that will be pounding through your brain after the disk is over.<br /><br />6. \\"Alive\\" - So-so tune, but it would tough for any tune to follow track 5.<br /><br />7. \\"Missing You\\" - Another memorable chorus and a great Fergie vocal notch this above several other tracks on the CD. Great summer tune.<br /><br />8. \\"Ring a Ling\\" - When I first heard this song, I didn't care for it. But have to admit by the second or third spin it grew on me. It's just a great fun tune.<br /><br />9. \\"Party all the Time\\" - This has to be the next single. Just a great summer/party anthem that the Black Eyed Peas a known for. Great song.<br /><br />10. \\"Out of my Head\\" - Another mediocre tune, not so bad you'll skip it, but it does kind of feel like a filler song.<br /><br />11. \\"Electric City\\" - Immediately memorable, great chorus, great drum and bass work, another great tune that you'll re-visit after the first spin.<br /><br />12. \\"Showdown\\" - An okay song, nothing that really stands out from the pack, but still a decent tune.<br /><br />13. \\"Now Generation\\" - I love this song. It's got an almost \\"punk\\" vibe to it. Fergie channels some \\"Ramones\\" era pop-punk vocals that really makes this tune one of the best on the disk.<br /><br />14. \\"One Tribe\\" - Uhg...the \\"message\\" song. Lump this one next to \\"Union\\" from Monkey Business.<br /><br />15.\\"Rockin' to the Beat\\" - A great way to wrap up the disk, unfortunately you get that goofy narration which kicks the disk off, but it's not as obtrusive here and flows a bit better.<br /><br />When I bought \\"The E.N.D.\\" at Target there was a bonus disk included with some unreleased material and some remixes. I won't bother reviewing that here, but as one BEP fan to another, I do recommend you pick this up with bonus disk included, there is some good stuff on there.memorable. This is the song that will be pounding through your brain after the disk is over.    6. \\"Alive\\" - So-so tune, but it would tough for any tune to follow track 5.    7. \\"Missing You\\" - Another memorable chorus and a great Fergie vocal notch this above several other tracks on the CD. Great summer tune.    8. \\"Ring a Ling\\" - When I first heard this song, I didn't care for it. But have to admit by the second or third spin it grew on me. It's just a great fun tune.    9. \\"Party all the Time\\" - This has to be the next single. Just a great summer/party anthem that the Black Eyed Peas a known for. Great song.    10. \\"Out of my Head\\" - Another mediocre tune, not so bad you'll skip it, but it does kind of feel like a filler song.    11. \\"Electric City\\" - Immediately memorable, great chorus, great drum and bass work, another great tune that you'll re-visit after the first spin.    12. \\"Showdown\\" - An okay song, nothing that really stands out from the pack, but still a decent tune.    13. \\"Now Generation\\" - I love this song. It's got an almost \\"punk\\" vibe to it. Fergie channels some \\"Ramones\\" era pop-punk vocals that really makes this tune one of the best on the disk.    14. \\"One Tribe\\" - Uhg...the \\"message\\" song. Lump this one next to \\"Union\\" from Monkey Business.    15.\\"Rockin' to the Beat\\" - A great way to wrap up the disk, unfortunately you get that goofy narration which kicks the disk off, but it's not as obtrusive here and flows a bit better.     When I bought \\"The E.N.D.\\" at Target there was a bonus disk included with some unreleased material and some remixes. I won't bother reviewing that here, but as one BEP fan to another, I do recommend you pick this up with bonus disk included, there is some good stuff on there.
B002APNQEU|3.0|I will start off by saying in 1990, Whitesnake was the first concert I saw w/out adult supervision.  Me and my frinds all went alone, and we all loved the Slip of the Tongue cassette (no CD's back then for us!!).  I was totally excited when I saw this come out...with live footage of some of my favorite songs from the album...    The re-mastering is really well done.  It sounds great.  The problem is I realized some of these songs dont hold up so well 20 years later.  There are some fillers...althought there are still some great songs...Slip of the Tongue, Sailing Ships, Judgement Day, all great songs...Now Your Gone, Slow Poke Music, and even Kittens Got Claws, not so much. BUT, still a great CD.    Now, the extras...The live stuff on the CD is decent (with the exception of the horrid opening line Coverdale says before Slip of the Tongue \\"Here's one For Ya...\\"...makes me laugh every time I hear it).  The DVD I have the biggest problem with.  It has 3 videos, but some of the live performances dont have Steve Vai...One is an acoustic \\"Sailing Ships\\" w/ I think Adrian Vandenberg, \\"Judgemant Day\\" from like 2008, and the 2 songs w/ Vai is way over produced, dosent even look like a concert footage. Different camera styles, some slow motion, kinda poor quality, no shots of the crowd at all.  Not really something I would re-watch. Too bad, I was totally looking forward to seeing Live Whitesnake w/ Vai.    Overall, if you like the original and want a much better sounding CD, buy this.  If just buying for the extra's, I would save my $$.
B001FBIPF0|4.0|I'm kind of a fan of Fall Out Boy, If you like this band, you should buy this album.
B0007DFJ0G|5.0|This film is about a man and his imaginary friend. The man and his imaginary friend get into a lot of fights and fall in love with a pretty lady. The pretty lady makes them fight over her and they are not friends anymore. If you like movies you might enjoy this film. I know I sure did.
B0000DJE9R|1.0|Like some of the songs but not all. His old songs were not included in this selection like the \\" Rock With You\\" and \\" The Girl is Mine\\" which were my favorite songs.
0385342020|3.0|While I enjoyed the book overall, I couldn't help but feel this book lacks in comparison to the other books Kinsella has written.  I always enjoy Kinsella's books for a fun, light read that has you laughing.  However, the ghost of Sadie would sometimes get on my nerves for being overly demanding and bossy.  I understand she has a fiery personality, but whenever she needs something, she needs it right then, even if Lara is in the middle of something.  Then when Lara sticks up for herself, Lara still ends up feeling guilty, so Sadie never truly learns to be patient.  I felt Sadie hardly had any regard for Lara's reputation and didn't care if Lara looked like a crazy person for appearing to talk to thin air.  I also wish the author would have developed some of the characters with more depth and had Lara have more interactions with them, rather than with Sadie most of the time (since I would assume Sadie will have to leave eventually).  For example, I never got why Natalie was Lara's best friend, all we saw of her was someone who is rude and pretty much heartless.  Just as we got to know Ed, Kinsella doesn't really delve into Lara and Ed's relationship further, just mentioned things here and there in passing.  I knew that Lara had a lot to learn about herself, but when that moment came, it wasn't as big a deal as I thought it should have been.  I was surprised at how Kinsella barely touched on Lara establishing her own business, and I thought that was a really big deal for her!  Lara not only proved to herself she could do it, but to her family as well, since during the whole book, they were really worried about her.     On the other hand, there are a lot of things in this book that I did enjoy, and are what I love about Kinsella books.  Such as Lara and Sadie spying on Lara's ex-boyfriend, as well as \\"The Great Lara\\" and the fact that Sadie has Lara ask Ed out when they've never even seen each other before.  I also thought it was a touching how Lara and Sadie both really come to love and admire each other as they learn about each other and the different eras they live in.  There are still plentiful humorous parts, but given the premise of the book, I felt it could have been better.
B00005JPO1|4.0|Item shipped as stated but wish it could have been faster. Good transaction.
B000000OR9|5.0|HI I loved the picture on the CD! My fiance really liked the CD & was happy that I found it for him. He is very pleased with it.
B000PKG6TE|3.0|Since the loss of long time Queens Collaborator Nick, the band has gone through a tough reintroduction phase/process., I must admit I'm tired of always having to be reintroduced to The Queens. I love the ideas in Josh's head and his music is amazing, but it would be cool to see the queens stick to their own creative sound that they've built, not to see Josh do another fashion change thing and filter it into the band.
B001PA0FFO|3.0|I was expecting that the movie would have scenes turning into doonybrook style because of Meryl Streep's character exposing the sex scandal in the church.The acting was good.But the only one who did well in the movie was Meryl Streep's character.I did not like the dialogue of Phillip Seymour Hoffman's character.To me the script was watered down.I was expecting the news media to get a hold of the story and things go wild.Why wasn't Hoffman's character arrested?Viola Davis was okay in the film.Amy Adams was fine but her character could have used a good script.In fact,Meryl Streep got a better script than anyone else.But on the other hand my review is mixed.
B001TH28EO|3.0|There are some excellent recordings in this set - but there are some rather mediocre too. The sound quality of some DG recordings from the 80ies leaves much to be desired. Especially in orchestral music, the sound can be congested and you can't hear details. To begin with, the symphonies, featuring Karajan and the Berliners, are recorded 1986-88, and it's not his best set (which likely would be his readings from 1978). The serenades and the Hungarian dances with Abbado, other the other hand, are excellent. It's a pity that DG chose the Pollini / Böhm team for the piano concertos, and not the classic account of Gilels / Jochums. The violin concerto with Mutter and the double concerto with Mutter / Meneses are fresh. The chamber music discs are good throughout, but I would rather prefer the complete set of Philips if I had to choose. The keyboard works are probably the most uneven of the whole collection. The songs, on the other hand, featuring Fischer-Dieskau and Jessye Norman, are recommendable, as are the vocal ensembles. There are better recordings today of the a cappella choral works. I refer to the excellent recordings of Chamber Choir of Europe on Brilliant Classics. The same goes for at last some of the works for chorus and orchestra. Especially Ein deutsches Requiem, accounted here for by Giulini, which definitely is available in fresher versions.     The documentation, which in the original CD-release consisted of some twenty essays by well-known scholars, along with over hundred pictures, seems to have been excluded from this release. The description states that the included booklet only provides \\"the complete and detailed track listing\\". This is a great shame, because these essays and pictures were really excellent.    For completists: The DG edition may be called \\"complete\\", but the Brilliant [[ASIN:B0015XAT0M BRAHMS: Edition - Complete Works]] is even more complete, featuring 60 CD:s instead of DG:s 46. Some of the a cappella choral works seems to be missing from the DG edition compared to the Brilliant one.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|If you are a Jackson 5 and Michael Jackson fan , I can not  see why you would not want to have this CD in your collection. I love it !! I listen to it all the time. Michael was a musical genius who had talent like no other .It is a true test of how great your music is when decades later people still want to listen and dance to it.
B001QTXM5Y|1.0|I couldn't give less than 1 star and that makes me unhappy.    I've just finished this entire 3 hour crapfest and can say it's one of the worst executed movies I've ever seen.  I hated everything about this movie.  Don't waste your time or money.
B001FB55H6|2.0|What is this film about on a thematic level?  I was able to identify themes of innocence lost, nostalgia, a longing for simpler times, heroic self-sacrifice.  And yet, the story betrays all of these things in one way or another and emerges in the end as pure insubstantial superhero fluff.  Nothing comes of nothing.  I will try to explain.    The character Rorschach comes out in several instances as being rabidly anti-liberal.  Why?  We don't know.  He just hates liberals.  The film does not provide any decent rationale for this hatred.  Rorschach makes no pro-conservative arguments either.  He is a superhero and he hates liberals.  I guess that's enough for the brain dead fans.  During one monologue, he refers to a dead character named Silhouette, who was a lesbian, and he describes that she was murdered \\"for her indecent lifestyle.\\"  Now that is quite a political statement, and the only glimpse the viewer gets of his ideology on a deeper level than \\"Those damn liberals\\" type of statements.  Importantly, Rorschach is the only character that we know has a really messed up childhood.  In one flashback scene, the child Rorschach interrupts his slutty mother as she is about to fcuk with some guy, and she tells him she wishes he'd never been born.  Poor kid.  He was poor and his mom did not love him.  Therefore it's all right and all forgiven if he hates liberals, or any other group, for unstated reasons.  Well I say F U little kid!    I thought that the anti-liberal plug was truly weird in light of the fact that, at the start of the comic-book superhero era, these superheroes were often the targets of conservative political forces obsessed with controlling morality and limiting free expression.  Without some liberal politics, superheroes might not exist at all.    For a movie with openly conservative pretensions, this flick is full of naked male deek and hiney.  Early in the movie Dr. Manhattan appears fully nude in his blue birthday suit.  Apparently he never dresses up.  He never rests either, as his terribly important work requires around the clock attention.  He is trying to prevent the end of the world.  Since he never dresses up, whenever he appears on film we are treated to a full view of his naked blue posterior.  I could not see the point of that.  Maybe, since he Dr. Manhattan is radioactive, the film's producers were going to have him crap out an atomic bomb or a hunk of uranium at some point in the movie.      Also there are nude scenes involving another character, a masked superhero named Dan, I believe.  His behind is nicer and fuller than Dr. Manhattan's.  I was just surprised to see so much macho backsides on a comic book inspired film.  Just for the sake of putting it in context, imagine watching Batman having full frontal nude sex with Catwoman, or Robin for that matter.  Or even walking around the bat cave without any clothes on, and in front of Alfred too.  I just did not expect it.    Perhaps the folks at DC have finally guessed that a lot of their readership is composed of homosexuals, closeted or not.  And knowing that, part of their marketing ploy is to address homosexual desire, and have nude superheroes who not only have sexuality but are seen being sexual in their stories.  I think that's brilliant.  Superheroes finally become fully rounded characters, and perhaps only DC can now be credited with that impressive and daring achievement.    There is even an attempted rape of one superhero by another.  The Comedian tries to rape The Silk Spectre.  He is foiled, but The Silk Spectre comes back to him years later and gives him some booty anyway, and even conceives a child with him.  I thought this bit was a little nauseating.  So much for feminism too, I guess.    The principal events of the film take place during indeterminate years, but I saw signs of Presidents Kennedy and Nixon.  The film's music attempts to conjure nostalgia utilizing old and depressing tracks from the 1960's and 1970's.  My problem withnostalgia is that I don't remember the 1970's and 1980's as being simpler or happier times.  I just can't buy into that crap.  Really, if you went to high school during the 1980's, were things really simpler and happier for you?  Kids were crueler and more callous back then than now.  The 1980's were a beech!
B001H5X7I4|3.0|The first part of this film (the fake ads and trailers) was absolutely hilarious. I laughed so hard I choked. (Fortunately, my son had watched all five seasons of House and was able to intubate me with two chopsticks and some duct tape.) The rest of the film wasn't quite as funny (possibly because of the chopsticks). Or perhaps because the film was too long and tended to drag in places. The best parts of the film were Robert Downey, Jr, and ... well, I guess Robert Downey, Jr. Every time he opened his mouth it was hysterical. There were some great moments (\\"What do you mean 'you people.' \\"What do YOU mean 'you people?\\") But, being a Ben Stiller film, there were just as many silly, pointless and stupidly crass ones. (Poor Jack Black. Nobody knows how to make good use of his talent.) My recommendation is to watch it if you've got some time to waste and your expectations aren't too high. (But have chopsticks on hand for those first five minutes.)
0143036556|4.0|With \\"Guns, Germs and Steel\\" Jared Diamond achieved something that most mainstream academics only fantasize about - a Pulitzer Prize-winning, multi-million dollar profit generating, sophisticated cocktail party conversation piece.<br /><br />Diamond's much anticipated follow-up effort, \\"Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed,\\" deals with the other end of the power spectrum: once flourishing societies that suffered severe decline and, in some cases, have vanished all together.  It is a subject that is arguably more urgent and relevant than understanding why the West came to dominate the globe.  Yet, \\"Collapse\\" fails to deliver on the same level and scale as \\"Guns, Germs, and Steel.\\"<br /><br />First, let's quickly consider Diamond's analytical framework.  He claims that there are five basic contributing factors to societal collapse throughout history: 1) deforestation; 2) climate change; 3) shifting trade relationships; 4) hostile neighbors; and 5) poor policy choices.  Some case studies exhibit just one or two factors, while others include all five.  There's nothing too earth-shattering there.  This relative lack of sophisticated reasoning, which may be perfectly legitimate (after all, simple answers are often correct), is one reason that \\"Collapse\\" seems to lack the gravity of \\"Guns, Germs and Steel.\\"<br /><br />The most fascinating and educational part of this book for me was to learn about the modern scientific methods and insights that can shed light on distant, vanished civilizations.  For instance, palynologists (those who study pollen) can determine with great accuracy the type and density of plant life in any given area based on pollen samples in the soil.  Alternatively, the study of packrat middens (essentially fossilized rat feces) in the American Southwest can pinpoint to the year the specific plant life that grew in the immediate vicinity centuries ago.  Carbon isotope analysis (the measurement of bone composition) \\"can calculate the ratio of seafood to land-grown food that the human or animal owner of those bones had consumed over the course of a lifetime\\" (I wonder what mine is).  And, of course, ice core samples in Greenland can provide detailed information on global weather patterns over several millennia.  All of this reminded me of a combination of the swashbuckling Indiana Jones with a cerebral CSI side-kick providing essential clues along the journey.<br /><br />Moreover, I found that this scientific evidence added powerful credibility to Diamond's narrative on the collapse of various civilizations separated dramatically by both time and space.  All told, these case studies - especially Easter Island, the Maya and the Anasazi - and the supporting scientific evidence were the most satisfying part of the book.<br /><br />Where \\"Collapse\\" fell flat for me was on the implications for us today and in the not-too-distant future.  Diamond can evidently tell us with astonishing accuracy the population of conifer trees in modern day New Mexico a millennium ago, but he cannot provide much specificity on the state of the regional ecology in the present.  For instance, Diamond might comment that \\"a significant portion of a community's protein is provided by seafood\\" and that \\"the marine population is in serious decline.\\"  So what does that mean exactly?  Does seafood provide 90% of a community's protein or 30%?  Both could be deemed \\"significant.\\"  And what does \\"serious decline\\" mean?  Are we rapidly approaching zero?  Diamond doesn't explain; everything is explained in sweeping generalities.  I understand that it is probably unrealistic to expect Diamond to have these answers.  However, the sudden downshift in specificity and analytical rigor is jarring to the reader and, to a certain extent, undermines the author's attempt to create a sense of dramatic urgency.<br /><br />There is one other point I found curious.  Climate change is obviously an issue of enormous consequence and visibility today, and Diamond certainly accentuates its role in threatening modern society with ecological catastrophe.  However, he also rather convincingly argues that significant climate change has been a part of human history for at least the past three thousand years.  Frankly, I always thought that pre-industrial climate change happened in \\"geological time\\" (i.e. over millions of years as in \\"the earth cooled\\"), not over the course of centuries or even decades, which is what Diamond claims to be the case in many of his examples, Norse Greenland being the most noteworthy.<br /><br />Overall, this is a fun and generally informative read.  But, be warned: if you read and loved \\"Guns, Germs and Steel\\" you may be a bit disappointed.ening modern society with ecological catastrophe.  However, he also rather convincingly argues that significant climate change has been a part of human history for at least the past three thousand years.  Frankly, I always thought that pre-industrial climate change happened in \\"geological time\\" (i.e. over millions of years as in \\"the earth cooled\\"), not over the course of centuries or even decades, which is what Diamond claims to be the case in many of his examples, Norse Greenland being the most noteworthy.    Overall, this is a fun and generally informative read.  But, be warned: if you read and loved \\"Guns, Germs and Steel\\" you may be a bit disappointed.
B001U0HAYS|5.0|I compared the new blu-ray version to the anamorphic DVD previously released, and to summarize, it is considerably better. For example: sharpness of the credits, the cleanliness of the frames (the previous DVD had considerable smudges on many frames), the color-accuracy of the violet light Dr. Lapp has in his office for his plants, details in the printed letters on the pages shown on copiers, all significantly better. This is on a large screen, however (100 inch, 1080i front projector). Could be small screens won't see much difference. Highly recommended update to the previous DVD!
B000J5NXLY|5.0|Very compact light meter, easy to use and gives great results for the price.  I am very pleased with the product which is performing exactly as expected.
0307266303|4.0|The stories about the runners inspired me to run further and to focus on the enjoyment rather than the finish line. The author seems to endorse barefoot running, however he never proves any method or running style that results in being injury free. His theory on humans being born to run is interesting, but the studies presented seemed more like ideas rather than proven facts. I kept feeling like he needed to follow up more with each of his running/shoe theories. I enjoyed the book, but took his ideas with a grain of salt.
159562015X|1.0|I bought the book. Read it.  Took the test.  There were absolutely no original or helpful ideas in the book, and the test confirmed what I already knew about myself.  I was looking for some help in deciding a career path and didn't get it.  I've re-read the book, to see if there was anything I missed, because surely there must be something of value in a book that is consistently in the top 100, but there really isn't.  It's unfortunate that they couldn't include some sort of aptitude test to graphically pinpoint your strengths and your capabilities.  That would take courage because it wouldn't sell as many copies (telling people how they might measure up in the job market), but it would be a better product.  I also resent the embedded obsolescence in this book.  You can't even take the test again!  Apparently, people, like books, don't ever change.
B001993Y2C|1.0|The kind of people who spend this much on a DVD set are collectors, and the appearance of that collection is important.  We don't want a shelf of Blu-rays on display near our home theater, and have to keep a complete series in the closet because of its stupid, clunky box.  Haven't you learned anything from past instances of fan backlash over \\"creative\\" new packaging ideas.  Stick to the basics with the package and let the content of series make your product stand out.
B001XJEKGC|1.0|Eric & Steve get together with out Ginger Baker....just a slick, boring studio drummer.  Can't get much more exciting than that...unless you think about it.
0307588335|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was written in a compelling and engaging way that pulls you in and makes this story riveting.  The authors personal story is a very effecting and interesting vehicle to give the reader a firm foundation of basic financial knowledge that is critical to understand the credit crisis as it unfolds.    I learned so much from this story.  The author does a great job of explaining the significance of so many of the big wall street events that we saw on the news.  With his insight it becomes clear how these events came together to contribute to the greatest collapse on wall street since the great depression.    If you're looking for a textbook, this book isn't for you, but if you want a compelling and engaging story that explains what went wrong, you'll love this book.
B000P0J0EW|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen.  I bought the movie so my husband could see it and he agreed with me.  Spellbinding~!!
0307588335|5.0|Lawrence G. McDonald has written a penetrating and thought provoking insight into the failure not only of Lehman Brothers but also an insight into the failures of elected and appointed officials within our government and the various regulatory agencies.  Mr. McDonald has integrated a personal story of his desire to become a respected member of a Wall Street investment firm with many of the ups and downs that he was confronted with during his trek.  His ability to take you inside the workings of the former Lehman Brothers is absolutely fascinating.  This is a book that you simply can't put down. This book will long be remembered and long utilized as a primer for future Americans to study one of the great world-wide financial failures of the 21st century.  For those who elect to take this journey with Mr. McDonald, many readers will find themselves asking oneself at the end ... \\"how could this have ever happened in the United States of America?\\"
B00005JLEU|1.0|Spirited Away is one of those films that's targeted at people who have no idea what a great anime should look like. They confuse good animation, with a few cultural references, and complete lack of direction and plot development with a masterpiece. Spirited Away has received rave reviews by just about everyone that doesn't watch Anime on a normal basis. Being someone that enjoys watching Japanese animation there are two things that I look for an any piece of work that I view. The first thing would be a well developed plot, and the second being well developed characters (good artwork doesn't make a great movie so it's a throw away). Spirited Away has neither of those two. It's simply weird scenario after weird scenario. If there is a way that any of the events are to have a deep symbolic meaning, or were meant to connect somehow it is lost. The target audience for this film is young children. I would not show a movie of this nature to anyone under the age of 18. That is the legal age of comprehension for this film (if there is anything to make sense of about it). It somewhat has that feeling of Alice in wonderland, but unlike Alice's adventure this film isn't always clear as of the direction it's going in or what each characters purpose is. The movie starts out going somewhere then goes absolutely no where. If the purpose of this animation was to be as abstract and confusing as possible Miyazaki has succeeded. I have viewed many abstract and out of the ordinary animes, but those are always mirrored by an intricate story line and a deep underlying meaning that in the end actually makes its awkwardness sensible. That is what makes a great anime feature. I know many people place this movie on a pedestal, but those same people have very limited knowledge about what great anime is. For its art style Spirited Away is great, however like I said earlier great art does not necessarily make a great film. I wish I could feel as passionate about this film the way other people do, but there is absolutely nothing to be passionate about. If your looking for a fairytale with a dark atmosphere with an abstractness that actually makes sense I highly recommend \\"Pan's Labyrinth\\". It's sophisticated, beautiful, clever, has left many critics clapping, and deserves every word of praise it receives, because that is was a masterpiece is. Spirited Away...is best used to describe the developers behind this anime.<br /><br />I give this film 1 star. Because beauty does not hide the beast that this story truly is.o, but there is absolutely nothing to be passionate about. If your looking for a fairytale with a dark atmosphere with an abstractness that actually makes sense I highly recommend \\"Pan's Labyrinth\\". It's sophisticated, beautiful, clever, has left many critics clapping, and deserves every word of praise it receives, because that is was a masterpiece is. Spirited Away...is best used to describe the developers behind this anime.    I give this film 1 star. Because beauty does not hide the beast that this story truly is.
0316017922|5.0|This was a very interesting book that I'd recommend to anyone because it examines how success is achieved or not achieved based on cultural and historical legacies that people have access to. The premise of the book provides an intriguing look at how success is achieved as well as a ways to look at one's own heritage to capitalize on historical and cultural traits which can help a person find meaningful success. I definitely recommend reading this as an example of how a person's sense of individuality is ultimately based off a collective history and heritage as opposed to the myth of the rugged individual.
1582701709|2.0|'The Secret' has all the basic elements to introduce people to the Law of Attraction.  But it lacks a lot of substance and specifics of How To make the Law of Attraction work for you.<br /><br />It is a great way to introduce someone to the Law and give them an idea of what it is.  But the truth of the matter is, the Law of Attraction is ALWAYS working and people need specific instructions on how to make it work for them instead of against them.<br /><br />The most important element to the Law of Attraction is missing from the Secret is the fact that you MUST take inspired action.  The thought that simply sitting around and thinking about what you want will bring it to you is putting many at an unfair disadvantage...no matter who you are and how much you practice the Law of Attraction, the fact of the matter is that you MUST take inspired action, and that element is missing from the Secret.<br /><br />As I said, it is a good introduction to the Law of Attraction, but lacks specific instructions on How to Use the Law to attract and act on what you desire.<br /><br />Go Big!<br />Kristen<br />[...]<br />[...]
1400064287|4.0|\\"Better than your average business epistle, this marketing book easily translates to other area of one's life where you must communicate your thoughts and ideas in the hopes that those ideas will \\"stick\\". Usefull application for presentations and all kinds of talks using a simple SUCCESs formula- Simple, Unexpected, Concrete, Credible, Emotional, Stories. Aha moment around their concept of the \\"curse of knowledge\\" getting in the way of good communication. Replace those data bullets on your PP with quesions and allow curiousity to come before content. Our audence might just stay awake and remember what we said.\\" (Updated 4 minutes ago)
0061684384|4.0|I do not wear a tattoo. I would never have one put on. But I am fascinated by a well-executed work of skin art. And Kat von D's \\"High Voltage Tattoo\\" gives us page after page of eye-catching eye candy.<br /><br />As a biography, \\"HVT\\" only goes so far. You'll learn about her favorite bands and songs and see a collection of her favorite custom tattooing machines. You'll see her tattoing station and one series of her at work. The book doesn't give us much insight into Kat other than she lives her family, is TOTALLY into tattooing, has HUGE respect for others in her field and loves to party. You'll learn a little about how she got into the business. You won't find much about the history of tattooing or its pitfalls -- like, what happens to tattooes if you get pregnant or old? Neither will you won't learn much about Miami Ink or LA Ink, the shows that made Kat famous.<br /><br />But the work on these pages is astonishing and makes picking up this volume worthwhile. Kat includes a section on proper after-tattoo care (like, don't rub it til it heals) and offers a multi-page exposition of her own extensive tattoo work. Her own work includes facial stars, and extensive work on her back, arms, legs and neck. All her work is deeply personal to her, such as portraits of her parents.<br /><br />As a glimpse into the word of those who are into tattoos, the book is fascinating. It's amazing how many people choose to commemorate parents and siblings with a tattoo. The works themselves, whether in gray shading (Kat's metier) or full, blazing color, are rendered with exquisite artistry -- not the kind that comes out of an art school but one that is taken up for sheer joy and necessity. The artists might not be the people I'd choose to hang with, but their work is vivid, extraordinary and unforgettable.
B000ZPDDW2|5.0|Im a professional cook. i have my classic leather clogs but for long hours and a lot of work these are the best. the anti-slip on the bottom its the best part of em, i'll never fall again with a spill i didnt see.
B0028K31CE|1.0|The return of Maxwell for me is very dissappointing. The instrumentation is ok (horns), but still can not save this project. The vocals are lackluster and flat. On the whole the cd sounds rushed and simply does not pack a punch in any way, shape, form, or fashion. Like another reviewer, I too am wondering what cd are these people listening to with 5 & 4 star ratings. The only songs I like are \\"Help Somebody\\" and \\"Phoenix Rising.\\" Max I'm happy you are back on the scene, but this cd is not going to scream \\"I'M BACK WITH AVENGENCE.\\" Still a fan, but dissappointed.
B00006G8K0|4.0|Although this film is over 50 yrs old,I still can see how much I enjoy it. I was 7 when I saw it the first time ,and with actors like Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee it was pretty scary.Lee made the best Dracula.
B000063WDH|5.0|The first album by one of my favorite bands is also one of their best -- it defined their scuzzy basement sound, features the most straight ahead blues of their entire catalog -- and oh yeah, it rocks.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|This truly is beautiful. I would recommend it to any MJ fan i was very pleased with this item! The item contains 4 CDs that contain his regular hits and also some unreleased material. The 5th CD is a DVD of Dangerous Live In Bucharest.
B000002LR3|5.0|the music is like a mixture of a band and electronic, or something like that  the lyrics are really enticing  i love this cd  don't play it on repeat for too many hours though, because you'll end up pondering the mythopeic intentions of the lyrics
B001AVCFK6|4.0|What a novel concept for renewing a tired franchise!  Go back in time, mess it up, and start from scratch.  I love the idea.  However, my only fault was the emotional Spock.  Fighting, marooning Kirk, his kissing Uhura.... not very Spock-like.  However, with Lenord Nimoy in the movie as the adult Spock, the whole Young Spock thing could happen.  It's a fun ride, and the redesign of the Enterprise is cool too.  It would be fun to see this turned into a TV series.
B00263J69K|5.0|My wife and I listened the Pillars of the Earth several years ago, and when we saw there was a sequel, we jumped on it. You won't be disappointed - very good characters and excellent character development.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|Extremely good! Riddled with action, sinister humor and the internal battle to kill or to show mercy. Heath Ledger is the true star of the movie with his portrayal of The Joker
B001U7FWM8|2.0|Otherwise, I don't think you'll enjoy this album. It is slow paced, spacey, and pretty dull at times. You could have it on in the background and not even realize music is playing. That's my experience, at least.
1416972242|5.0|This was way better than I expected. I loved it! I love sequels, you're already into the story from the beginning so its more interesting. You already know everyone, even the author's writing so that's important. Once I got into it I loved the whole thing. The action was way better, and I loved the changing scene thing she does during the action. I have to say this, the ending of the last book was crushing, but the ending in this one was devastating, heartbreaking! I'm glad I don't have to wait to read the next one.. If she keeps improving it will only get much better.    The story was great, the fantasy part was impeccable -my imagination has no repair after this- I loved her writing this time, and also -as City of Bones- has an awesome cover. The characters were absolutely amazing, I am in love with Jace and I have to say I keep loving more Alec's character. This is by far one -of the ever growing collection- of my favorite books.
B001993Y2C|3.0|I won't belabor this, but there's no way to know what is on each disc.    The packaging I can get around merely by moving the discs to a DVD book. But a year from now, how am I going to find individual episodes I want to watch without an index booklet? Even the discs lack a label telling you what is on the disc.    However, the Blu Ray is sharper than the DVD version.    OK. Now I've finished watching all the discs, here's my final review.    The Blu-Ray results are spotty. In some of the CG space scenes it is fantastic. In some of the gritty realistic scenes it looks like someone is waiving cheese cloth in front of the camera.    But my big problem remains the packaging. After I watched the episode Pegasus, I popped in the next disc and found there was an extended episode on the next disc. So I wasnt' about to immediately watch it again. I'd go back and watch it now, but I have no idea which disc it is on.    Similarly, the episode menu displays four shows with a fifth hidden. I watched a fourth show and then went to the fifth, only to discover again a hidden extended episode. Again, I'd go back to watch it now, but don't know which disc it was on.    So as much as I'd like to raise the review because of how much I like the show, the review stays at a 3.
B00004TL2N|5.0|Bruckner is maybe the most difficult artistic personality to understand, especially today in this society bereft of any kind of true morals, useful dogma and truthful respect for an individual working his way trough life in general. When listening to Bruckner, or analyzing his scores we can often be stunned by his unbendable will to develop any part of musical texture in his own stubborn way. We pose the question, why didn't he wrote this in stead of that, it would sound so much more better (appealing is the better expression).   Here we have one of the most intransigent orchestras in the world and one of the most innovative, progressive conductors ever, with a common goal to be as truthful as possible to revive this Music in every sense with one important aspect, that of saying what must be said and leaving the rest unsaid, exactly as it should be. This is the question of Faith, obviously.   Orchestra is perfect, Boulez is tick tacking as usual, and that is in my opinion the best way to deliver any kind of music, because a musician, especially the performer, must make him self a medium through whom the Music must flow, and that kind of flow needs an apparatus, or a machine that works perfectly. Adding your own emotions during the performance only pollutes the music. The feelings must come by themselves and in that moment you also start to feel them, the music is all around you.   The tempi are Boulez's touch, which enables the musical phrase to breathe in the logical and natural balance in Bruckner's often to great musical ideas, which sometimes seem even too big for his own music to bear. Here Boulez and the Wiener Philharmoniker made an honest revision of Bruckner's great symphony without changing any note, as we know in the past was often the case.   In the end, do we understand Bruckner's personality clearly now? The answer is no, we do not. With this exceptional performance, we are witnesses of realization of composer's innermost ideas, and that should suffice. Little that I know of Bruckner the man, I am sure that this would satisfy him.
B000SCHC0Q|5.0|Imagine going back to your home country and eating a great dessert, made by your mother. She has cooked it for a long time on slow fire, with tons of ghee (clarified butter) and fresh ingredients rich in flavor. Then she garnishes it with dry fruits, solidified condensed milk and silver foil. It has in-built lingering flavors of sweet spices like cardamom, nutmeg and saffron. You take one bite and it throws you into a trance and you say,  \\" Wahi swad jo hai barso say yaad\\" (same great taste that I remember from years ago).          Then when you come back to your adult home, you make the same dessert with the same great recipe. But you replace the high calorie ingredients with low-fat stuff. You cook it in less time and more efficiently using your modern appliances. And voila, you have the same great taste with far lesser calories and it is healthier too!          Well, that is what Khaled Hosseini's 'A Thousand Splendid Suns' feels like. Let me explain it in literary terms. The content is purely eastern for it brings forth Premchand's eastern sentimentality and the poetic sensuality of Tagore. But the way it is crafted is very western. For one, it is extremely gripping. How gripping? I was just checking it out at the library and before I knew it, I spent three hours reading it. Next I devoured the entire book in three days! It has the gripping power of John Steinbeck's 'East of Eden'. The story spans over 30 years and the speed at which it moves and the plot unfurls has a Dan Brownesque quality to it. In short, it blends the richness of eastern flavors with the efficiency of western craft in writing. When I read it, it evoked memories of old black and white Hindi movies, that I had long forgotten e.g.    Mother India - for its descriptions of the hardships faced by a mother.  Do Bhiga Zamin - for its bonds and bondages of a family.  Garam Hava -  for its playful friendship between young lovers and  Old Raj Kapoor films -  for its portrayal of humanity.          The story is very simple. Mariam, the 15 year old illegitimate daughter of a maid servant is married off to a 45 year old man, called Rashid, when her mother commits suicide. It is an arranged marriage, where it is silently assumed that the man will provide Mariam with food, clothing and shelter. In return, she will cook his meals, do his laundry and do all the housekeeping. Love is not a part of this equation. But when she cannot bear him a child, he ill-treats her and even puts stones in her mouth to eat. Events happen and in a fit of lustful greed he brings home a second wife, Laila. But now Rashid is 60, Mariam is 30 and Laila is 15!          The story is set against the backdrop of over 30 years in Afghanistan. It spans a constantly changing political landscape varying from Mujahidin, the Russian occupation, the Taliban rule to Hamid Karzai's leadership. The media tells you a lot about this nation, but it takes great fiction like this to explore the depth of pain that the common man experiences in this nation. The story is about the evolution of relationship between Mariam and Laila. It explains how they bond in their common misery and hatred towards the beast of a man, who is their husband.  The structure of the story contains two love triangles, which intersect at Laila. When these triangles meet, the story makes a dramatic turn. It tells you how Mariam with little education and very little love in her life, uses religion as an anchor to guide her in life. Whereas Laila with slightly more education and plenty of love, creates a better tomorrow for herself, at the cost of Mariam!          The flow of narration is simple, clear and very linear. And then it twists and twists dramatically as the story progresses. The author spills out all the secrets to the reader but hides it from the characters. The timing and the way these secrets are revealed to the characters, is what creates moments of high drama, tenderness and sheer terror. The author has brought forth thepoverty and hardships created by war. But what outshines it, is the invisible wealth hidden in the character of its women. Its present in the form of compassion, kindness, sympathy, forgiveness and the ability to draw love out, from others. In conclusion, this book is like a great dessert, the taste of which will last in your mind for many years to come.    Ratna Dalal
B001QOOCTE|5.0|This is an amazing, uplifting series of songs, showing musicians all over the world uniting in harmony. People have so many things in common--makes me want to try a little harder to live in harmony.
B000NJVWTQ|3.0|I did not have high expectations for this album. After all, the \\"pre-breakup\\" album from bands are usually pretty bad, given that the tensions are already there. That being said, it opened up very strong, with \\"La Sagrada Familia\\". From there, though, much of the album was dissappointing, and felt like a collection of generic APP songs. The final tune, which was more of a reprise of La Sagrada Familia than anything else, stood out well. More songs like that would have made this a four star disc, and without them it would have been a two star disc.<br /><br />J.Ja
B0007PLLQ0|4.0|I was like 12 years old when i watched this on tv for the first time. Great story with amazing characters, good and evil. I have a friend who likes this even more than me. Unfortunately my friend doesnt speak english, so i felt dissapointed when i found out amazon had a 2 disc edition released in 2002 with no spanish subtitles. I was checking today for something new and i found this new edition with SPANISH subtitles and a different cover, looks very good by the way. His birthday is coming soon and this would make a great gift. I know most people prefer the us release with the tangerine dream score, thats the one i watched too. Has anybody purchased this new edition? and if so which is it, the us release with the tangerine dream score or the directors cut. Oh he doesnt know anything about the directors cut, i didnt either. But apparently this one lasts longer,119 min or so says the specs. I might just get one for myself too. I've never seen the directors cut, is it really that bad?.....any info will be very appreciated..thanks.
B001NMAFXQ|2.0|Being a fan of post-hardcore, I am continually dissapointed by bands that falsley ape the sing/scream formula. A Day to Remember is one of those bands. Instead of creating their own sound they take the extreme difference of pop music and heavy music and try to mesh them together. It's obvious they want to appeal to both pop-punk fans and hardcore fans, but they fail to grab either side with their album Homesick. Their pop punk sensibilities are much more in tune than their fake hardcore sound that incorporates overdone vocal screams and incredibly generic and boring breakdowns. The lead singer does have a good voice, but everything feels forced in this album, even though they're wisely going more towards the pop-punk end of the spectrum. Their is a fine line in creating good songs that traverse the musical spectrum of nice and harsh sounds and emotions, but A Day to Remember don't know how to create these. They're not the worst band in the world, but it's apparent that if they chose a single type of sound they'd be a better band for it. Leave the sing/scream sound to musicians better suited to it's intricate song structuring.    Posers.
B000N6U0E2|5.0|This is a great movie.  As I watched it I was skeptical of the extradinary strenghs the hero showed as he dealt with every setback. Even under the most stressful events he still maintained his authority as a Dad.  He refused to allow his son to sink into whining.  Instead he showed resourcfulness, trying to make a game of their very real problems.  Imissed the very beginning of the movie so not until the end did I learn that this was a true story.  As for theincident where he stiffed the cab driver, he clearly had no choice.  I would reccomend this movie.  And I will watch it again.Great family movi
B0009XNUK0|5.0|being an 80s music fan, this very good cd of Michael Jackson's songs. From old songs to the latest. Some of the songs people said are not there which is true, but this album is an awesome and brings back memories from when he first started out with the Jackson 5(Im also an oldies fan). Great collection of songs. Best songs are \\"Thriller\\", \\"Beat It\\", \\"Billy Jean\\", \\"The Way You Make Me Feel\\", 'Will You Be There\\", and others, so very good cd collection and I recommend all of  Michael's fans to get this cd if you don't have it even though it may not have some of the songs that should have been included, but it's great cd and I highly recommend it to any Michael fan.
B0029358GM|4.0|WILCO<br />WILCO (THE ALBUM);2009<br />NONESUCH RECORDS<br /><br />MY RATING: 7/10<br /><br />It took me a while to get there, but I now consider Wilco's previous record, SKY BLUE SKY, to rank in the top 3 Wilco albums. SBS initially came off as a bit lazy and disinterested, but after a while I came to see it as Tweedy's own equivalent to Bob Dylan's TIME OUT OF MIND, in that it was a clear break from the past in favor of a new and  rejuvenating direction. SKY BLUE SKY really is a great record, the sound of a band taking a different approach in the studio and succeeding on all fronts.<br /><br />That being said, I like WILCO THE ALBUM, especially as it continues in the understated vein of SKY BLUE SKY. Tweedy seems to have completely given up on trying to break our hearts, opting instead to simply sing from his own and let come what may. Pretense seems to be completely gone from his music, and nowhere is that more evident than in the album's incidental trappings. Bands concerned with continuing to feed some kind of cooler-than-thou image wouldn't put a two-hump camel on their album cover and don some seriously hideous nudie suits for the album photo shoots. And basketball orange just isn't the color of pretense, it's the color of cheese and fire and summertime. Did I mention that these guys named their SEVENTH full-length record after their band, and actually wrote a song about their band being your best friend? The only band that could make this kind of thing pretentious is Pavement, and Wilco ain't Pavement.<br /><br />The record opens with \\"Wilco (the song),\\" which rivals \\"Can't Stand It\\" for the most upbeat opening track on a Wilco record. Nels Cline delivers a Pixies-esque guitar lead, lending a slight edge to the otherwise good-time groove of the record. The sweet-natured tribute to the fans sends a clear message: this is an album that really doesn't have much of an agenda. Fair enough!<br /><br />\\"Deeper Down\\" follows, one of a few fairly experimental tracks on the record, featuring a start-and-stop progression. The lyrics appear to be a meditation on mystery, focused on the unsearchable and unattainable both within and without. The lyric progresses happily from \\"the insult of a kiss\\" to the \\"comfort of a kiss,\\" a signal to some renewed optimism on Tweedy's part. One can't help but wonder if this song reflects Tweedy's own journey as a songwriter. There are many indications that Tweedy, like other artists, has experienced difficulty with the creative process in the past, but his later work, especially the last two albums, suggest that he has reached a certain comfort with his music-making. This appears to be the center that holds \\"Deeper Down\\" together. In fact, the start-and-stop structure of the song reflects the old SELAH literary device used in the Psalms, which most scriptural scholars would say probably means \\"pause and meditate on these words.\\"<br /><br />\\"One Wing\\" - as in \\"One wing will never fly\\" - starts to introduce some sadness to the music, reflecting the dejection of one party after the end of a relationship. Tweedy's metaphors here are spot on - \\"We belonged to a bird who cast his shadow on the world\\" - and while the song does veer off into a bit too much of a groove towards the end, the overall mood provides needed balance to an album that has, thus far, seemed lighter than air.<br /><br />\\"Bull Black Nova\\" comes off like a hybrid of A GHOST IS BORN's \\"Spiders (Kidsmoke)\\" and SKY BLUE SKY's \\"Impossible Germany.\\" The lyric and music complement each other perfectly, reaching a paranoid climax along the theme of an apparently accidental killing. While the death is easy to discern through the numerous references to blood, it's the sense of being watched that slips just under the radar. A Nova itself is a stellar object, and suns and stars populate the lyrics, as if they were the eyes of God Himself. \\"Nova\\" is a definite highlight of the record, one that I expect will feature prominently in the band's sets for years to come.<br /><br />Featuring an enjoyable duet with a tragically under-used Leslie Feist, \\"You and I\\" lightens the mid-album mood, being the breeziest pop song Tweedy has ever written. In contrast with \\"One Wing\\", track 5 is an optimistic testimony to the mystery of relationship. It vaguely recalls \\"I'd Rather Dance With You\\" from fellow Feist-collaborators Kings of Convenience, as the couple agree that \\"I don't need to know everything about you.\\" It's a winner, but as previously mentioned, with a talent like Feist on board, it's a shame this one doesn't reach greater heights.<br /><br />\\"You Never Know\\" continues the shift toward the sunny side of life, infecting your subconscious like something you might have roller-skated to back in grade school. It's got Big Star, George Harrison, and midwest-bred written all over it, and might be the rootsiest thing Tweedy has written since BEING THERE. Could the positioning in the center of the album suggest a certain centrality to its message?<br /><br />\\"Country Disappeared\\" pulls the plug on the mid-album breeze, drawing big correlations between wars in the third-world and the overwhelming presence of the media in our own. Ultimately a patriotic song (\\"I won't take no/I won't let you go\\"), it does seem a bit untimely given the election of a presidential candidate for whom Tweedy actively campaigned. Still, it is multi-layered, no mere protest song, and features one of Tweedy's most soulful vocal performances.<br /><br />\\"Solitaire\\" might be otherwise titled \\"Song for a Repentant Loner.\\" Reflecting the message of Simon & Garfunkel's \\"I Am a Rock\\" without any of that track's distracting moralisms, it's really a nice, simple song featuring understated but fitting instrumentation and excellent dual-tracked vocals. Again, it fits well with the overall theme of the album, and after a few listens, proves itself one of Tweedy's best compositions, something that might have found its home on SKY BLUE SKY as well.<br /><br />\\"I'll Fight\\" is the album's most urgent song, reflecting a deep spiritual dilemma in Tweedy. Whereas only a few albums ago he lackadaisically sang about a \\"War on War,\\" \\"I'll Fight\\" is full of vigor and conviction. Strong religious imagery is employed, the narrating voice identifying in several ways with the suffering of Christ. It comes off something like Robert Frost's \\"The Road Not Taken,\\" and is truly a step-forward for Tweedy, exploring the beauty of a life laid down for another versus the emptiness of a life lived without purpose.<br /><br />\\"Sonny Feeling\\" recalls some of BEING THERE's finer moments; BIG STAR is stamped all over this thing. It's a life-flashing-before-your-eyes song, with Sonny having to choose between leaving home and seeing the world or staying in her hometown amongst all the \\"cruel kids.\\" Coming on the heels of \\"I'll Fight's\\" study in contrasts, it illuminates something still slightly out of reach with Tweedy, a certain nameless discomfort that keeps popping its head up like a whack-a-mole.<br /><br />\\"Everlasting Everything,\\" a pretty minor-key piano ballad closes out the record in grand fashion, with Tweedy lamenting that \\"Nothing could mean anything at all.\\" It's an exceedingly sad song, where everything that was good and bad is \\"Gone like a circus, gone like a troubadour.\\" In the end, Tweedy's only consolation is to \\"be glad Everlasting love is all you had.\\" It's a fitting close to a record that finds itself stuck somewhere in the middle between a hunger for deep knowledge and the need to take life as it comes. Like \\"One Wing,\\" my only contention with the track is that the band doesn't do more with it.<br /><br />Overall, this record feels like a summary statement of the band's first twelve years. I'd call it a mature \\"AM.\\" There's plenty of good material here, in fact it's pretty consistently good throughout. Tweedy's lyrics are quite multi-dimensional and genuinely shine within the simple (for Wilco!) production. However, there's nothing off-the-wall great here, no \\"Impossible Germany\\" or \\"Shot in the Arm\\" or \\"Misunderstood\\" or \\"Poor Places.\\" While they've thankfully avoided repeating an avant-garde disaster like \\"Less Than You Think\\" for two albums now, they could stand to linger a little bit more here and there. It just seems a bit hurried, that's all.<br /><br />So with this, a mature AM, here's to the band delivering a mature BEING THERE next time around.<br /><br />TRACKS:<br />1. Wilco (the song) (4.5/5)<br />2. Deeper Down (3.5/5)<br />3. One Wing (3/5)<br />4. Bull Black Nova (4.5/5)<br />5. You and I (4/5)<br />6. You Never Know (4.5/5)<br />7. Country Disappeared (4/5)<br />8. Solitaire (4.5/5)<br />9. I'll Fight (3.5/5)<br />10. Sonny Feeling (3/5)<br />11. Everlasting Everything (4/5)only a few albums ago he lackadaisically sang about a \\"War on War,\\" \\"I'll Fight\\" is full of vigor and conviction. Strong religious imagery is employed, the narrating voice identifying in several ways with the suffering of Christ. It comes off something like Robert Frost's \\"The Road Not Taken,\\" and is truly a step-forward for Tweedy, exploring the beauty of a life laid down for another versus the emptiness of a life lived without purpose.     \\"Sonny Feeling\\" recalls some of BEING THERE's finer moments; BIG STAR is stamped all over this thing. It's a life-flashing-before-your-eyes song, with Sonny having to choose between leaving home and seeing the world or staying in her hometown amongst all the \\"cruel kids.\\" Coming on the heels of \\"I'll Fight's\\" study in contrasts, it illuminates something still slightly out of reach with Tweedy, a certain nameless discomfort that keeps popping its head up like a whack-a-mole.    \\"Everlasting Everything,\\" a pretty minor-key piano ballad closes out the record in grand fashion, with Tweedy lamenting that \\"Nothing could mean anything at all.\\" It's an exceedingly sad song, where everything that was good and bad is \\"Gone like a circus, gone like a troubadour.\\" In the end, Tweedy's only consolation is to \\"be glad Everlasting love is all you had.\\" It's a fitting close to a record that finds itself stuck somewhere in the middle between a hunger for deep knowledge and the need to take life as it comes. Like \\"One Wing,\\" my only contention with the track is that the band doesn't do more with it.    Overall, this record feels like a summary statement of the band's first twelve years. I'd call it a mature \\"AM.\\" There's plenty of good material here, in fact it's pretty consistently good throughout. Tweedy's lyrics are quite multi-dimensional and genuinely shine within the simple (for Wilco!) production. However, there's nothing off-the-wall great here, no \\"Impossible Germany\\" or \\"Shot in the Arm\\" or \\"Misunderstood\\" or \\"Poor Places.\\" While they've thankfully avoided repeating an avant-garde disaster like \\"Less Than You Think\\" for two albums now, they could stand to linger a little bit more here and there. It just seems a bit hurried, that's all.    So with this, a mature AM, here's to the band delivering a mature BEING THERE next time around.    TRACKS:  1. Wilco (the song) (4.5/5)  2. Deeper Down (3.5/5)  3. One Wing (3/5)  4. Bull Black Nova (4.5/5)  5. You and I (4/5)  6. You Never Know (4.5/5)  7. Country Disappeared (4/5)  8. Solitaire (4.5/5)  9. I'll Fight (3.5/5)  10. Sonny Feeling (3/5)  11. Everlasting Everything (4/5)
B001U6YI92|3.0|Before you scream how dare I not give this classic 5 stars, lets get the good parts out of the way. Great video transfer, excellent color and crispness for a movie of the time.  All the wonderful music and cinematography are still there.  Loved seeing it at full aspect ratio as well.  Performances are still excellent (at times).  Audio quality is just okay, occasionally seemed a bit muddy but a lot of that is just the reality of a 1967 movie.  They ugly part is that they restored all the original footage cut for US release.  Normally, that'd be a good thing, and the purists will love it, and I was really looking forward to seeing the entire movie as the director intended but good god this movie now meanders.  The tight, tense, character driven storyline is greatly weakened.  It builds energy, then gets sidetracked on some pointless exposition for 10 minutes. It tries to jump back into the story, only to lose its focus again.  The tone changes scene to scene. Some of scenes seem to be misguided attempts at comedy, others are incongruously melancholy.  All of that could be made to work, but it doesn't.  It just leaves big weak spots all over spilling out into what would be otherwise great performances.  With a limited budget and tight focus, Sergio Leone is unmatched.  With a big budget (for the time), as much dialogue as he wants and no one to stop him, he's just okay.  There's a great 90-110 minute movie here, lost between footage best left on the cutting room floor.
6305428050|5.0|I can watch this movie over and over and over. Plus being from chicago, love the shots!
1400079179|4.0|This book is well worth reading, an than going to see the movie after finishing the book. I am a huge fan of Dan Brown's writing style. There are some who criticize the short chapters and claim that the character development is lacking. But, I am no English major and I don't care for critics. I just want the book to grab my attention and entertain me, and this book did that.<br />I find the short chapters in Dan Brown's books enjoyable. I think they make it feel more fast-paced as the chapters quickly jump to different areas of the story. I also like the fact that the frequent chapter breaks make it easy to find a stopping point without having to quit in the middle of a chapter.<br /><br />This thriller focuses on Robert Langdon, a Harvard University professor of symbology, who is in Paris on a speaking engagement. He is awakened in the middle of the night by the French police and implicated in the murder of the Louvre Museum curator.<br /><br />With some help from a French police cryptographer, Sophie Neveau, who feels that he is being wrongly accused, he manages to escape and together they embark on a quest to find the real killer.<br /><br />That quest leads to clues, puzzles and riddles that link back to an ancient society tasked with protecting the truth about Jesus Christ and unlock the greatest secret in Western civilization.
031606792X|5.0|This books was really good. I couldnt put it down, then again i couldnt put the first 3 down either. The suspence is awsome even though there arent any crazy fights. It shows how much love and passion bella and edward have towards one another and how tight the cullens are as a family. It was a great ending to the series. for those you like a happy ending then your gunna love the way the book ends. I recommend it anyone. I hope you enjoy it
B001N26GBQ|5.0|I had the opportunity to see this concert live in Caracas. I've been in many concerts before, even saw Madonna once in Madrid, but Kylie X Tour 2008 was the best of the best. I recommend this DVD 'cause you are going to enjoy the performance of her best 28 songs. It's well filmed in London and She is better than ever!. Bravo Kylie, I love you!!!
B000BW7QWW|5.0|It's impossible to elaborate on everything that's already been written here (and try finding a movie - ANY movie - with this many 5 star reviews...). Excellent story and very well told, fantastic cast and put together by people for whom this whole project was obviously a labor of love. In a strange way, I think the fact that you can tell that they didn't have some ridiculous mega-budget to work with makes this a BETTER film because they weren't tempted to rely too much on eye candy and instead focused on making a great film. And I love the fact that it's such a huge success (again, check the reviews...) without having any \\"name\\" actor in it - the next time you're watching some lame movie with Brad Pitt, Tom Cruise or somebody like that in it, ask yourself if anyone would care about the movie if they weren't in it and you'll see what I mean if you don't already. You. Must. Buy. This. Movie. Right. Now. You. Know. Where. To. Click........
B000HC2LI0|5.0|It's a pleasure to view all seven seasons without commercials and with commentary. the product allows the viewer to fully appreciate the flow of the story and the development of the characters. Very satisfying.
B00008977N|1.0|I noticed that the average review was 4 stars when I ordered this DVD unconcerned with reading any reviews because I already knew and loved this concert.  I should have read the many one star reviews before I ordered because all the complaints are true.  This is the worst DVD production I have ever seen.  The video is so grainy it is virtually unwatchable.  I have a VCR of this concert which I copied off a TV broadcast many years ago and it is higher quality.  DVD's of this video quality (if there is even one other of this poor quality) should not be sold.  Amazon should remove this DVD from their inventory because it is substandard and totally unacceptable.<br /><br />It is one of my three most favorite concerts of all time so I am really upset at how I wasted money on this purchase.  Peter Gabriel surely cannot be aware of this horrible quality DVD because he certainly would not let this be sold.  I hope more people will write reviews at one star and drive down the misleading 4 star average so no one else will do what I did and not notice the very high number of one star reviews.<br /><br />Shame on anyone who rated this DVD with four or five stars.  Yes it is a fantastic concert but nothing can excuse the poor video reproduction.
0385334206|5.0|I was shock when i saw who many one star reviews there are. It didn't shock me why they gave it one star. They are the people who don't points in the pointless, and the humor in the frankness. The reason why this book is so great is not the context or the point or the narrative. The reason why this book is so good, is the same reason with all of Kurt Vonnegut's books, its the characters.
1594481717|5.0|I am pleased that a book has finally been published showing the importance of right brain thinking.  Being that I am an artist, left-handed, and seemed to have always had a different idea on things, this book has made it clear what I am all about and how difficult it has been in the past living in a left brain thinking world.  It has now been made crystal clear to me why I am the way I am and why it has not always been a good fit for me in different careers that I pursued in the past.      When I graduated from high school, I wanted very much at that point in my life to pursue an education at an art school.  My father said that would  not get me anywhere and to take typing or business classes.  He would not pay for art school but because it was so ingrained in me to be creative, I continually developed and studied it on my own.  I'm glad to think that the world could now be on the verge of seeing how important creativity is and how important play and getting more meaning out of life is.  It is not about going along with the crowd in a highly structured environment but to strike out and think creatively and solve problems.
B000001GJU|3.0|I had high expectations for Karajan's Dvorak 9th when I checked it out from the local library. I was eager to hear what Karajan would do in this symphony of vast emotional range, especially the fourth movement's sublime last two minutes. Alas, Karajan uninterestedly rolls through the more deeply felt, tender, spiritual moments, giving us instead a recording that feels too stately for Dvorak. The interpretation is generally sober, ignoring the lighter moments of joy, but bringing to bear mighty force at the darker, terrifying climaxes. A strange reading, indeed. Sonically the digital engineering sounds good, particularly at the forceful brass-dominated fortes. Not sure if I would recommend this as the one to buy (I've still yet to hear the Kubelik and Giulini), but, if you're looking for sheer brass-power, this one may be for you.
0307588335|5.0|This book is funny, informative and an excellent take on Lehman's downfall. McDonald and Robinson present the story in a straightforward manner, easy for non Wall Street types to enjoy, understand, and also learn a fair amount about the financial markets. McDonald is far from the first person to tag Lehman's top man as one of major culprits in America's financial collapse.  I recall CNN listing him as one of their \\"Top 10 financial bad guys'.  If just 1% of what is written about the two men at Lehman's helm and their ilk is true (I strongly suspect it is all true) then they deserve to be tried and then put in jail, or at the very least they deserve the complete disdain and disgust of the American people.    McDonald's view from his post on the trading desk, and his close working relationship with many senior executives makes the story genuine. I recommend this book to anyone looking for an enjoyable business related story.
0307454541|1.0|A very disappointing book.  I read all the reviews and was excited to read this book.  There is a lot of S&M which leads me to wonder what those crazy vikings do up there?  Very weird.  The main character is this moral watchdog over \\"corporate evil.\\" Yet, he can't keep it zipped.  Hypocrisy?<br />The father/son sadomasochist, incest loving, serial killers was so over the top it was laughable.  The woman who is found in the Australian Outback immediately takes over a multi billion dollar company.  Are there a lot of great MBA classes in the Outback?  I am shocked at the great reviews.  A boring book that a teen-ager (male) with a taste for the leather and pain scene would write.
B001PPLJIQ|4.0|If I didn't like this movie, I would have titled my review \\"Summer of My Nazi War Criminal Lover\\" but I did like it...largely because of Kate Winslet.  She really can disappear into a character.  In this movie, you just see Hanna Schmitz and not the incredibly talented actress playing her.<br /><br />***spoilers***<br /><br />The first aspect about the movie is the love story.  It's done with great sensitivity and tenderness (and eroticism).  I did not find it distasteful (although I'm a guy and the idea of being welcomed into a attractive older woman's bed at the age of 15 would have been the stuff of my dreams...at least when I was at that age...and besides David Cross looked older than 15).  Also, the book points out that Hanna misjudged Michael's age (thinking him 17 and the age of consent laws in Germany don't outright ban contact between a 35 year old woman and 15 year old male anyway).  I remember someone I knew who was in his late teens who was involved with a much older woman and while I thought that rather odd, it didn't come across as monstrous (although I admit I find the notion of any man in his mid-30s seducing a 15 year old girl appalling).<br /><br />The second aspect of the story is the question of Hanna's guilt for what she did in World War II.  She was a guard at Auschwitz.  On a weekly basis, she picked ten inmates there to be sent to the gas chamber in response to a standing requirement that she do so (some of them were women she gave preferential treatment to for a time while she had them read to her).  She also was partially responsible for deaths of hundreds of women and children who died when the church that the SS women locked them in was hit by Allied bombers.  These facts are indisputable, so she's evil and beyond redemption, right?<br /><br />But what would someone plunked from our safe secure perch in the early 21st century into Nazi Germany do in someone like Hanna's shoes?  It's easy to say \\"I would never have joined the SS, and if I had, I wouldn't have served as a guard at Auschwitz.  And I would have released those women and children in the church.\\"  But I wonder.  We shouldn't be that surprised that a relatively unsophisticated, illiterate person living in a society like Nazi Germany where life was so cheap and obedience so prized behaved the way Hanna did (and besides joining the SS in late 1943 when a lot of Germans could clearly see the handwriting on the wall was not a shrewd or opportunistic move or the mark of an ardent Nazi!).  There's a world of difference between someone like her (who was a child when the Third Reich took power) and someone like Rudolph Hoess, the first commandant of Auschwitz, who was an ardent Nazi and with Hitler almost from the very beginning.<br /><br />It's entirely plausible that someone like Hanna was --in a normal society where there is rule of law-- a \\"good\\" person, and she apparently was after the war.  It's hardly wrong for the film to depict her as someone capable of love and tenderness.  Many Nazis were thugs or sadists but Hanna was not (in fact the movie didn't even indicate she was a member of the Nazi Party or held anti-semitic views).  She was just a little cog in an evil machine.  Demanding that anyone who was part of that inhuman machine be depicted as someone with horns is simplistic.<br /><br />The character of Michael Berg is somewhat inexplicable, and this is why I am giving the film only four stars.  He falls head over heels in love with Hanna as a youth.  He's devastated by her departure from his life.  He's heartbroken when he sees her in the dock on trial for war crimes.  But he doesn't act to help her by revealing the fact she's illiterate and couldn't have written the report about the fire that damns her to a life sentence.  Was he sparing her feelings, punishing her, or both? (if I had been in his shoes I would have revealed her secret to the court...She might have hated me for it, but she probably would have gotten to learn to read and write much earlier than she did and would have gotten out of jail much sooner).  Frankly, I found Michael remaining silent bewildering (particularly when we see him crying when she gets a life sentence)...just like I found him recording all those books for her but never writing and actually communicating with her impossible to understand.<br /><br />There are a few more points to ponder here.  First, it is striking how little we the readers wind up knowing about Hanna.  Even at the end of the movie, she's still a cipher to both us and Michael.  Even in what amounted to her last will and testament where one might have expected her to pour out her feelings to Michael and talk about what she did in the war, she doesn't (just saying \\"Tell Michael Berg I said hello.\\")  I for one found myself wanting to know more about her and why she did what she did and why she --apparently impulsively-- became involved with Michael.<br /><br />Second, it was a mistake to have Winslet play Hanna as a woman in her mid-60s.  No matter how good the make-up and how good an actress Winslet is, I didn't buy her as a prematurely aged woman.  That's one reason why having her in prison less time would have worked better...because she was plausible as someone in her late 40s to early 50s but not much beyond that.<br /><br />Third, the movie and book seem to construe the incident where Hanna didn't let the prisoners out of the burning church as her greatest sin.  But what would someone nowadays have been charged with in similar circumstances (let's say, a sheriff fails to release prisoners from a burning jail)?  He'd be guilty of a crime of omission.  He'd probably be found guilty of manslaughter or negligent homicide and not willful murder unless it could be proved that he set fire to the jail or announced that he was going to let those prisoners burn to death.  A lot of people in such a situation would have gone into moral vapor lock and found it easier --at least at that moment-- to do nothing.<br /><br />And remember, she was just one of six guards.  The other five could have acted to save those people as well but didn't.  The book also makes it clear that there were soldiers present who had escorted the guards with their charges.  They did nothing either.  Moreover, there were villagers who did nothing as well.  The guilt and responsibility for the incident was collective and involved many people.  Singling out Hanna for exceptional punishment while others walked free or got token sentences wasn't fair and not in the interest of justice...and it wouldn't have brought anyone back from the dead.<br /><br />Yet another point to ponder:  the story had Hanna serving about 18 or 19 years in prison.  Albert Speer, the economic czar of the Third Reich, served twenty years of his life sentence before being released.  The duration of those sentences would make one think that Speer and the fictional Hanna's crimes were roughly equivalent in magnitude...but as anyone knows, Speer's culpability and guilt was infinitely greater.<br /><br />Finally, I said to myself, \\"You don't like the ending of the book and movie.  What sort of ending would have been satisfactory to you and possibly other people as well?\\"  This is what I came up with<br /><br />***the following is an alternative ending that substantially changes events as depicted in the book and movie and those who are happy with the way it stands probably should not read it***<br /><br />A Better Ending<br /><br />Part I would not change.  In Part II, Michael would visit Hanna in jail and express disbelief, anger, and dismay over both her past and her leaving him.  Michael would still go through all the angst that he did in this point of the narrative, but when he realized Hanna was illiterate and it would be wrong for her to be assigned the lion's share of blame for the deaths at the church, he would go to the judge --despite her pleading with him not to-- and tell him that Hanna could not read or write and could not have written the report about the incident.  As a result, Hanna would draw a ten year sentence along with the other women guards (instead of her getting a life sentence while the others got token ones).<br /><br />Now, Hanna's first reaction to Michael's \\"betrayal\\" of her secret would be shame and anger at him.  We'd see her refusing to let him visit her.  Michael would try to forget about her, getting married and even more quickly divorced.  Michael would then start reading and recording books for Hanna and eventually she'd learn to read and write and when she started sending him letters...after some hesitation, he would start writing back to her (this correspondence would allow us to learn more about her character).  One thing we would learn was that she became involved with Michael because he bore a strong resemblance to a young German soldier she grew up with and loved and who died in the war....We'd also see her develop insight and regret over what she did and failed to do in the war.<br /><br />Time would march on, and after the sixth year or so of her sentence, Michael would begin visiting her and around the eighth or ninth year of her sentence, Hanna would receive clemency and be released from prison.  Michael would pick her up at the prison and when they were in the car together, she'd ask --much like he asked her long before-- \\"do you forgive me? and he'd nod imperceptibly and then \\"do you love me?\\" and he'd again nod.  Later, we'd see them in bed together at his home and in another turn, Michael would have her read to him.<br /><br />I figure that we'd then flash forward until around 2004 or 2005 (and learn that Hanna had died of natural causes a year or so before) with Michael visiting the survivor of the fire and having much the same conversation with that woman that he did in the book and the movie, and we'd then see Michael visiting Hanna's grave and once again read to her.<br /><br />For me that would make a better ending.  Hanna would still wind up being held to account but she and Michael would be together at the end...for others perhaps not, but that's one of the best things about fiction.  It isn't real so there's no sin in saying, \\"No, it happened this way.\\"r five could have acted to save those people as well but didn't.  The book also makes it clear that there were soldiers present who had escorted the guards with their charges.  They did nothing either.  Moreover, there were villagers who did nothing as well.  The guilt and responsibility for the incident was collective and involved many people.  Singling out Hanna for exceptional punishment while others walked free or got token sentences wasn't fair and not in the interest of justice...and it wouldn't have brought anyone back from the dead.      Yet another point to ponder:  the story had Hanna serving about 18 or 19 years in prison.  Albert Speer, the economic czar of the Third Reich, served twenty years of his life sentence before being released.  The duration of those sentences would make one think that Speer and the fictional Hanna's crimes were roughly equivalent in magnitude...but as anyone knows, Speer's culpability and guilt was infinitely greater.    Finally, I said to myself, \\"You don't like the ending of the book and movie.  What sort of ending would have been satisfactory to you and possibly other people as well?\\"  This is what I came up with    ***the following is an alternative ending that substantially changes events as depicted in the book and movie and those who are happy with the way it stands probably should not read it***    A Better Ending    Part I would not change.  In Part II, Michael would visit Hanna in jail and express disbelief, anger, and dismay over both her past and her leaving him.  Michael would still go through all the angst that he did in this point of the narrative, but when he realized Hanna was illiterate and it would be wrong for her to be assigned the lion's share of blame for the deaths at the church, he would go to the judge --despite her pleading with him not to-- and tell him that Hanna could not read or write and could not have written the report about the incident.  As a result, Hanna would draw a ten year sentence alongwith the other women guards (instead of her getting a life sentence while the others got token ones).      Now, Hanna's first reaction to Michael's \\"betrayal\\" of her secret would be shame and anger at him.  We'd see her refusing to let him visit her.  Michael would try to forget about her, getting married and even more quickly divorced.  Michael would then start reading and recording books for Hanna and eventually she'd learn to read and write and when she started sending him letters...after some hesitation, he would start writing back to her (this correspondence would allow us to learn more about her character).  One thing we would learn was that she became involved with Michael because he bore a strong resemblance to a young German soldier she grew up with and loved and who died in the war....We'd also see her develop insight and regret over what she did and failed to do in the war.    Time would march on, and after the sixth year or so of her sentence, Michael would begin visiting her and around the eighth or ninth year of her sentence, Hanna would receive clemency and be released from prison.  Michael would pick her up at the prison and when they were in the car together, she'd ask --much like he asked her long before-- \\"do you forgive me? and he'd nod imperceptibly and then \\"do you love me?\\" and he'd again nod.  Later, we'd see them in bed together at his home and in another turn, Michael would have her read to him.    I figure that we'd then flash forward until around 2004 or 2005 (and learn that Hanna had died of natural causes a year or so before) with Michael visiting the survivor of the fire and having much the same conversation with that woman that he did in the book and the movie, and we'd then see Michael visiting Hanna's grave and once again read to her.    For me that would make a better ending.  Hanna would still wind up being held to account but she and Michael would be together at the end...for others perhaps not, but that's one of the best thingsabout fiction.  It isn't real so there's no sin in saying, \\"No, it happened this way.\\"
B0028K31CE|5.0|I remember so well why I long to hear his singing/music again. He's amazing. This CD can be played at any venue and for constant listening in your personal place/space. Outstanding and Highly recommended. I'm already anticipating his next new CD.
B000001FTJ|5.0|In terms of American music, Swordfishtrombones is probably the most important and original album made in the last 30 years.
1573300403|5.0|I know others have listed all the contents of the DVD, so I will just add that this is a must have for your collection. I had the History on CD, but better to see him! And definitely better than VHS...but, would be great in HD.
0131103628|5.0|There are over 200 hundred other reviews for this book. If that's not enough of a recommendation I don't know what is. This is the standard for learning C, it's through, yet simple, and covers all the bases needed to get into starting C. Even if you've been using C for years I'd still recommend having this on your shelf.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I used to have this concert on VHS that I taped myself when the concert was first televised. I am so happy that I finally got the DVD. Better quality to see the greatest artist of our time. I wish I was at that concert!!!!
B001V9LRV0|5.0|My dad loved it. There is so much to see in this bundle. The shipping was fast, the product was in great shape. I would definitely buy from this seller again!
B001AVCFJM|4.0|Other reviews give many details as well as appreciative comments about this new release, so I won't repeat either the details or points of positive comment.  I immensely enjoyed this film and was not disappointed in it.  Also, as a first generation Star Trek fan, from 1967, when I watched the episodes from the first series on a black and white tv in the Students' Common Room at Sydney University, I enjoyed many aspects of the new film.  But, as I watched, I did wonder:  how can Spock sustain an ongoing relationship with Uhura when Pon Far occurs only every 7 years and the rest of the time Vulcans do not have sexual urges?  (Or, at least, successfully repress them.)  Would any sensible command structure entrust a supremely valuable starship and highly trained crew to the over-the-top impulses of a loose cannon like young Kirk?  (I counted 4 times in the film when Kirk is literally handing from his fingertips, beginnning when he was a lad racing his uncle's stolen car.)  Kirk is depicted as a young man without any commonsense at all!  Would a highly advanced civilisation like Vulcan really be defenseless against terrorists from space?  (It doesn't seem logical!)  In the heat of battle, would people really be running from one part of a starship to another part when communicating via onship radio or handheld communicators would be faster?    Hence, I could only give this exciting film 4 stars.  But I was grateful that dialogue and characterisation did not take second place to special effects.  Despite my reservations, I still think this movie is great fun.  Any fan of Star Trek shouldn't miss it.
1416550534|5.0|One of the best books I've ever read!  Total 5+ stars!  It was almost as good as the Forgotten Garden by Kate.  I was grabbed from the start and curious all the way through to the end.  I love the way it goes to different times.  I love reading about people from their childhood all the way to death. I highly praise this book!
0375842209|5.0|As a rule, I tend to enjoy books told from a 'different' point of view. This book is definitely told from a different PoV. My English teacher suggested it to me last school year, and I went to search for it. I found a copy at my library, and finished the book within three days.    I say that not to flaunt my literary abilities, but to show how good a book this is. You will devour it, and you will either love it - or hate it.    This is a story of World War Two, told by Death. The main characters are a family and their illegal housemate, a Jew who stays with them during the war. They lead you through laughter and tears, joy and heartbreak. Though somewhat hard to get into - in my case - this book was well worth the effort. I cry every time I read it, no matter my original mood when I open it.    Of course, I will readily admit that this book is NOT for everyone. As I said, most people either hate it or love it. I, fortunately, love it, and I'm fairly certain that you will too.    (Those who read it... WHO DO YOU THINK LIESEL MARRIES?)
0446402397|5.0|This book not only keeps you on the edge of your seat wanting more...but you learn a lot about the history of Russia and just how bad Communism is.  It's heart wrenching from the first chapter!  I found the ending a little quicker and less detailed than I would have liked but I still have to give this book 5 stars!
0061854549|5.0|This book's greatest value is that it will teach its readers something about their own nature. It teaches us that we despite often feeling that we are making rational independent decisions, we are in fact unconsciously being influenced to decide in ways not always the best for us. Ariely opens the book with the story of his own experience while in hospital where he was suffering from burns on eighty percent of his body. There were two ways of taking off the bandages one a fast intense way, and the second a far slower one. The first way caused more intense pain for a shorter time. The second one caused less pain for a longer time. For Ariely the first way was much much more painful. The whole staff of the Burns unit were experienced people who believed they were acting in the best interests of the patient. Ariely when suffering as a patient understood that there was something irrational in their behavior. He devised a whole different way of removing the bandanges one which included going slower, giving the patient rest periods for recuperation. This experience taught him to suspect that people were often acting irrationally and against their own interests and goals without knowing it.<br />In the body of the book he examines a wide variety of situations in which humans think they are acting rationally, when in fact they are not. Many of the cases have to do with buying and selling, with financial transactions but there are others which experience from other areas of life, for instance that of sexual arousal. This is a chapter which raised so problems for me morally as I wondered at the rightness of the kinds of options Ariely uses in his survey. In any case his conclusion in regard to 'arousal' is that it diminishes the restraint and self- control of the subject. Thus as he understands it those interested in promoting sexual restraint and abstinence (For instance in the hope of preventing out- of- wedlock teenage pregnancies) should work on avoiding the arousal situation rather than encouraging restraint while already within it. This like many of the 'conclusions' of the book seems more like 'common sense' than like anything revolutionary.<br />  Much of the evidence brought to bear in the book results from experiments done on college students. Often these are ingenious .They show again and again that decisions are influenced by the context in which we make them, by the people we have around us, by the way the material is presented to us. The book shows how presentation of questions can lead to the tilting of answers without our really knowing it.<br />Arielly is not suggesting that we are totally irrational but rather that there are many irrational elements in our decisions which we are not conscious of. The implicit suggestion is that he by helping us be more concious of these irrationalities will help us be more rational.<br />That is , until the next time.n rather than encouraging restraint while already within it. This like many of the 'conclusions' of the book seems more like 'common sense' than like anything revolutionary.    Much of the evidence brought to bear in the book results from experiments done on college students. Often these are ingenious .They show again and again that decisions are influenced by the context in which we make them, by the people we have around us, by the way the material is presented to us. The book shows how presentation of questions can lead to the tilting of answers without our really knowing it.   Arielly is not suggesting that we are totally irrational but rather that there are many irrational elements in our decisions which we are not conscious of. The implicit suggestion is that he by helping us be more concious of these irrationalities will help us be more rational.  That is , until the next time.
1416550542|5.0|One of the best books I've ever read!  Total 5+ stars!  I was grabbed from the start and curious all the way through to the end.  I love the way it goes to different times and different people and comes together so well.  I highly praise this book!
B000002QWD|5.0|..from THE artist that symbolizes Christmas music. Don't beleive that? Then explain why the title track is listed in the Guiness Book as the BIGGEST selling record of all-time (yes, even more than \\"Thriller\\"!).<br /><br />IF you buy no other Holiday album ever, you NEED this one. 'nuff said.
B000DZIGDU|5.0|Jake is fabulous!!!  I really enjoyed the movie but I like military movies.  I loved the series \\"OVER THERE\\" which I wish would come back but now I watch \\"Army Wives\\".  I'm not military but really like these types of movies and shows.  Jarhead reminds me of my Marine and Corpsmen friends so it definitely holds a special place in my heart!
B0013D8LCW|5.0|When I first started looking at this movie I thought it was going to be boring. But boy, was I wrong! It is so touching. The intimacy and connection are great between the two characters. The bond of friendship and love is evident and when they do come together sexually (which is assumed but not actually shown) it is so sensual. I love the part where Trevor and Brad are walking back from surfing and talking about each others goals. Brad is shocked to find out that Trevor read his book. What got me (and keeps me going back to that scene over and over again) is how they look at each other and you know they both know about the other and that they are both saying by their non verbal cues that they are attracted to each other! That is so awesome!!! I'm glad they made a movie like this to show how gays really are. We're not \\"perverts\\" as we are often portrayed but real \\"normal\\" people like anyone else with feelings, connections, etc. I especially loved the ending as well. I won't say how it ends but I will say that I'm glad to finally see more movies with such an ending.  Get this DVD! You won't be disappointed!!!!
B000O5WC8O|4.0|Just like the Schleich lion, this figure is very well made and has a reasonable price. Although not as real looking as the Schleich lion, the jaguar still looks very real and overall a great addition to many collections.
0385341008|5.0|The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is a lighthearted book with a happy ending. The unique thing about this book is that it is composed entirely of letters between the main characters. The reader gains a perspective of the same events based on who authored each letter. The book is focused on Juliet, an English writer who leaves big city life in London in 1946 to travel to Guernsey after hearing of the Guernsey Literary Society and her subsequent interaction with an interesting cast of characters. The stories of the German occupation of Guernsey in WWII is both heart wrenching and touching at times. As someone who has traveled to Guernsey as recently as April 2009, I was particularly interested in this book and can testify that I too was pleasantly surprised with my week in Guernsey. It was unlike the backwater Channel Islands outpost I envisioned prior to my visit, but rather found it to be quite charming, just as Juliet did. This book is well written, quick and an overall enjoyable read.
B001AVCFJM|2.0|This is really just another one of those Hollywood films where once the hype has died down, you realize that your senses have been stimulated, but your mind and heart have not. On the plus side, the characterization is good and captures the essence of the original Star Trek characters. But that is about it. The plot really makes no sense. And the worst thing is that there is simply no Star Trek message in this film whatsoever. Kill the bad guy - the end. Is that why Star Trek has endured for all these decades? And what about the sense of exploration; the strange new worlds? None of that either - in truth Hollywood is terrified of exploration. When you can create anything in CGI, the concept of wonder dies in the imaginations of filmmakers.     So what are you left with? Bad guys to kill. Is it really so difficult to write a Star Trek film without a two-dimensional \\"villain of the week\\"? Does this mean that the next film will have another villain to kill etc, etc...yawn. Star Trek was special because it humanized the \\"other side\\" in ways that we hadn't seen before. It explored the human condition in a way that was both fun and wonderous. Yet, forty years later we have regressed to this? Is Hollywood now responsible for us de-evolving? Thanks but no thanks. It may look like Star Trek and sound like Star Trek, but with no heart or soul it doesn't take much to see that the Emperor has no clothes...
0345440757|5.0|Was very well received.  I ordered it to be shipped to my daughter, at work, and it was.  It was in perfect condition and arrived in a timely manner.
0321543726|3.0|Check this page:  [...]  Maybe it's well written but it's definitely not well checked for errors before went to publish.
B001TH16DS|5.0|I've been holding out to buy the series for a very long time, and I'm glad I did.  You have the best of both worlds here by having the original CGI or the original animation.  I watched this series as a kid, like many of you, and I am simply thrilled at seeing them in HiDef for the first time.  If you were fan of the original series, then this is a must have treasure to possess.  I look forward to the next two seasons, and plan to buy both of them. Thanks CBS for making these, and thanks for the low, and very reasonable pricing.
0312360266|3.0|I really wanted to like this book, but something about it just didn't work for me. I think it was the fact that it was so clearly written for (somewhat immature) teenagers, and to be honest, I don't think I ever really was one of those. Sure, I had my moments, but Zoey and her friends got on my nerves frequently and I think it was simply because I couldn't relate to them. Zoey's use of childish terms (poopie and boobie, for example) just didn't feel right to me, and I also found myself rolling my eyes frequently when she was talking. While I am long past my teenage years, even when I was a teen I was mature for my age so that made it more difficult for me to really enjoy this book. But I can see why many teenagers would love it.    What did work for me was the vampire/vampyre (there we go again with different spellings for the same word! Remember my remarks about faerie/fairy/feary a few reviews back...) lore and and a rather original storyline. I always enjoy learning different aspects of paranormal and mythical folklore, and this book didn't disappoint. I do also think that the Casts did a good job with the characters in respect to what they were trying to achieve. Obviously I just wasn't the reader they were trying to reach since I seemed to miss out on the teen angst and drama during that phase of my life. I will say that as the book was reaching the end I did find myself more drawn into the excitement of the story, but I don't think it will be enough to make me go out and get the next book in the series.
B000089RVX|5.0|There are simply no words that will accurately define the musical mastery of this album.  Rarely do I find musical collections in which I find no songs, no notes, no nuances that I do not like.  I spent the first week or so of listening to \\"Fallen\\" tryng to figure out how to categorize it (considering my need to find a reference point to compare to).  The first couple of passes, because of the tight, D tuned guitar thinking maybe this is \\"industrial.\\"  But then, I kept thinking that it was too complicated to be \\"industrial\\" - perhaps \\"post industrial.\\"  But then, the lyrics on \\"Fallen\\" are deeply and satisfyingly dark - so \\"Goth.\\"  But that was still not quite it... there is a strong romantic underpining, so my final category (even though most web sites say \\"Metal\\") ended up as \\"post industrial romantic goth.\\"  I do want to stress that there are absolutely no weak links in this recording.  It's all beautiful, it's all magical, it has a syncronicity of soul very rarely found in music.
157912688X|5.0|An elderly, dying aunt, her considerable estate to be bequeathed, a classic love triangle, and a murder, or is it two? You'll find all this and more in Sad Cyrpress by Agatha Christie. This story actually starts on the first day of the trial of the accused, Elinor Carlisle. After that brief introduction, Christie then takes you back to the beginning of the story, where she devotes pages and pages leading up to the murder for which Elinor stands trial: Mary Gerrard, who was found dead from an overdose of morphine. And what would we do without our love triangle? Elinor became affianced to Roderick Welman before the pair went to visit their Aunt Laura, who had suffered a stroke. But everything changes when Roderick sees Mary for the first time... After the crime's been committed, there's at least one person who doesn't think (or doesn't want to think) Elinor is guilty--the good doctor who was treating Aunt Laura! And so he brings that famous Belgian detective, Hercule Poirot, to bring the facts to light.<br /><br />I enjoyed this mystery--for me, Agatha Christie is an easier read, but also enjoyable because of her portrayal of her characters, and most particularly her detectives. She also has a tendency to be very subtle when leaving her clues. I often find myself pausing over the most trivial bits of information, wondering if there's more to them than the first glance would suggest. And then you have the famous Hercule Poirot, of the egg-shaped head and abundant \\"little gray cells,\\" who is always an amusing character. In this story, the evidence is so stacked against Elinor, that you really wonder how in the world Poirot will find anything that suggests she might indeed be innocent. Christie has a knack of making you feel that way in most of her mysteries--all the evidence will point towards one person and then before you know it Hercule Poirot discovers the truth! This was one of those mysteries where I actually did figure out who it was, but even then Christie manages to throw in a twist to the story.<br /><br />If you're looking for a relatively quick read and an engaging mystery, this is a good one to pick up!row in a twist to the story.    If you're looking for a relatively quick read and an engaging mystery, this is a good one to pick up!
B00127RAJY|4.0|The 30 day shred makes me sweat! After a month, I am currently on level 2. I was hesitant to get there because of the impact level 1 had on my bad knees, and the fact that I was still doing \\"girl\\" push ups. Level 2 is all about pushups. I am cussing most of the time I am working out, but I definitely notice a difference in my strength and stamina. After the first few times of following the video I have to turn down the volume because I can't stand listening to all the chatter. I enjoy the variety in exercises that Jillian chooses to do, however the high impact on my knees and hips is not so great. There are many reasons to both love and hate this video, but like she says, she gets results. At the end of the day, that is all that matters. Personally I notice the changes in muscle tone and strength, however I don't see much fat disappearing and my weight has not really changed. Hopefully in another month things will be different. I recommend the 30 day shred to anyone who is determined to workout and needs reinforcement such as that Jillian provides. It is also very helpful that this workout is \\"20\\" minutes and therefor can be fit into a very busy schedule.
1593082479|5.0|I won't say too much about this book, after all it's a Classic and has earned its spot in literary history many times over. But I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed reading it and am sorry that I didn't pick it up sooner!    As I often find with the classics, it took me a little while to get comfortable with the language and flow of the words, but once I did, it was as if I was right there with all the action happening around me. I honestly didn't have any preconceived ideas of this book going in, because I don't recall having seen any of the movies about Treasure Island, either. So, going in with fresh eyes made the book that much better, in my opinion, and I was able to enjoy the surprising twists and turns the plot took even more. If you have any interest in pirates and good, classic literary works, I think you would enjoy this book as much as I did.
B00009P1O0|5.0|As I remember this album wasn't received well by critics but for me it's one of his best. I like him when he's at his weirdest (songs like Last Trip to Tulsa) and this may be the weirdest one he made and I really dig the cover with the car tail fin sticking out of the sand. I liked every song but my favorites were For the Turnstyles, Revolution Blues and the incredible Ambulance Blues. When cd's started to come out in the 80's I was so annoyed I could never find this (also Hawks and Doves). If you're a big Neil fan and don't have this one definitely get it    Since others posted their favorite parts to Ambulance Blues I will too - every word is great but these really hit me big time. I had just gone through a breakup with my first real love so I was in a dark phase then too like Neil.        She needs someone  that she can scream at  And I'm such a heel  for makin' her feel so bad.    I guess I'll call it  sickness gone  It's hard to say  the meaning of this song      Also :    And there ain't nothin'  like a friend  Who can tell you  you're just pissin'  in the wind.    Wow  think I have to listen this again now  hope I don't get misty    Cheers
1416914307|5.0|I will start out by saying that this book was basically a perfect finish to an amazing series. City of Glass was definitely my favorite book of the three. This series has been likened to Harry Potter, and by the time I finished it I could certainly see some similarities, though I don't think it has as wide a reading audience as Harry Potter.    The characters are so well-developed throughout the story, you can't help but create attachments to them. Well, attachments to the likable characters, at any rate. And happily, every character with evil intent gets their just desserts by the end of the book, as well. Unlike the second book, I thought City of Glass jumped right into the action and did not stop until the end of the book. The story was incredibly gripping and at times, very emotional as well. When I closed the book, I had a feeling of great satisfaction at the way Clare resolved the story, which I think is a sign of a successful and well-written series.    If you enjoy paranormal books and series, I can't recommend The Mortal Instruments series highly enough. I eagerly await the next book that Clare has to offer.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Wow what a workout! This is a simple easy to follow workout that really gets your heart pumping!
0689865384|5.0|This book had been on my wish list for awhile, and I finally picked it up when we were on vacation in Florida a couple of weeks ago. I started it yesterday afternoon and found myself already finishing it earlier today. The book had me intrigued (and laughing) at the first line: \\"The early summer sky was the color of cat vomit.\\" Tell me that doesn't catch your attention. Admittedly, as I continued reading, the story took a bit of getting used to and felt like it was off to a slow start, but that was mainly because Westerfeld had to devote many pages to what I call the backstory before he could really get into the action and crux of the adventure.    Westerfeld has created an interesting story that focuses on topics that teens (and former teens and probably tweens, too) can relate to: body image, peer pressure, self-worth and self-confidence. But with Uglies, he's done this in a very creative, captivating way. Westerfeld's writing style isn't earth-shattering and his futuristic ideas take some getting used to, but overall the book was a very easy, fast read, despite being over 400 pages. I really liked Tally and grew quite attached to her--Westerfeld did a great job with her character development. I could see it coming when she unwittingly notified the authorities (the \\"Specials\\" or Special Circumstances) of her whereabouts with Shay (and other uglies, known as the Smokies) and was interested to see how her apparent betrayal would be handled. I was not disappointed. The book closes with Tally making a difficult but necessary choice that sends her back to become a Pretty. And naturally, that's where Uglies leaves off and Pretties begins.    (Additional Note: My actual rating is 4-1/2 stars but I round up for sites like Amazon.)    I really wasn't sure at first if I was going to like this book, but in the end I really did. I was a little turned off by Westerfeld's treatment of various issues that may or may not have led to the Rusties' (that's us, if I'm not mistaken) downfall, but was able to separate that from the real story that was being told.
B000SO7OL6|5.0|This is an awesome CD - If you like smooth jazz - you will love this CD
1416955070|5.0|I had a hard time putting this book down, and never did for long. Just about every supernatural creature (demons, vampires, werewolves, fairies, witches, warlocks, etc.) is present in this book, whether a character in the story or simply talked about. I thought this added a lot of dimension to the story, as opposed to just focusing on vampires or faeries, or a couple of the various supernatural races.    City of Bones is fast-paced with witty writing. It has been a long time, if ever, that I have read a book that is so full of well-timed sarcastic dialogue and I really enjoyed it. Being of a sarcastic nature, myself, I really thought that Clare did a great job working that into the story. Really, the dialogues felt very realistic to me, not forced or fake, as I sometimes find with some books. I also enjoyed the characters. Clary is a great heroine, very dynamic and full of spunk. And yes, there's a bit of a love triangle--I seem to be reading about those often these days. Both Jace and Simon are perfect to fill those last two spots in the triangle, and it is interesting to watch their story develop. Clare did a great job with all the characters in this story--I think her gift for writing sharp dialogue really helped with their characterization and development.    Can I say that with all the twists and turns in the plot, many of which I could see coming, one of the biggest twists of all actually caught me by surprise? Of course, I won't tell you what that is, and actually there are probably two \\"really big twists\\" so I'll let those of you who have read this wonder which one I'm referring to. :-) I have already ordered books 2 and 3 of The Mortal Instruments series and can't wait to pick up the story in City of Ashes.
0316017922|4.0|Outliers was the first Gladwell book I had read, and the first half seemed to open doors that had previously been nonexistent to me.  He has an uncommon talent to find trends or developments that are mindblowing and yet logical, and backs up these theses with seemingly good data.  (It's always good to keep in mind that any smart person can misconstrue said data as well.)      The second half . . . not so much.  Where Gladwell seems to lose his way is his explanation of how airplane crashes are in part cultural, focusing mainly on Korean Air and in particular the exchanges between the pilot and the air controllers.  While I don't dispute his interpretation of why these accidents occurred, his explanation that the Korean culture of respecting authority is facile.  Japan jumps to mind as a similar society where speaking up, particularly against a superior, is frowned upon, and Gladwell never mentions its safety record.  It appears as though he's attempting to make more and more outlandish statements to outshine his earlier arguments, but the foundations are shaky.  The last chapter, while very personal to him, lacks some of the zip and originality of his earlier chapters.      I understand that Gladwell sets forth provocative theories for effect, so the fact they're susceptible to criticism or are simply wrong is not surprising.  The mere fact that he makes the reader think, and question all that is around him or her, is good enough.
1416972242|5.0|What can I say about this book? Cassandra Clare really has a great series going with her Mortal Instruments books. I was ready to pick up #3 and start reading as soon as I put down City of Ashes, but my conscience stopped me in order to write this review. And after all, I'd hate to start mixing up the two books before writing my review for this one.    Once again, looking at a world with all walks of supernatural life, coupled with bits of religion (Christianity) sprinkled throughout makes for a fascinating read. I've picked up several new bits of mythology in reading these books and it's obvious that Clare must have done a great deal of research to write these novels. She also has a great ability with dialogues, as I mentioned in my review of City of Bones. I have to say I would have liked to see a bit more of the sarcastic banter in this book--it really was toned down until about the second half. Perhaps that's why it took me a little longer to get into the story, as well. It just seemed a bit slower this time around, until I got a little over halfway through, and then at that point I really couldn't put the book down. By the end of it, I still had several unanswered questions; hence, the temptation to pick up City of Glass and dive in. This book is definitely a cliffhanger that leaves you wanting more.    The main cast of characters is still enjoyable to read about, with a few new faces thrown in this time around, as well. The Inquisitor is a truly unlikeable woman (hmmm, a bit reminiscent of Dolores Umbridge??) and I found it difficult to believe that she could behave the way she was. Even given what we find out about her life towards the end of the book. Her unwillingness to listen to the truth was a little over the top, in my opinion. But I suppose that is what makes us love to hate her. We also meet a new young werewolf, Maia, and I am curious to see if she plays a role in City of Glass.    Fans of City of Bones will certainly enjoy this sequel. I know I did,though perhaps not quite as much as that first book.    (Additional Note: My actual rating is 4-1/2 stars but I round up for sites like Amazon.)
0545128285|3.0|Short but sweet review: I didn't love it. Not nearly enough meaningful connection to the over-arching Potter mythology. The Dumbledore commentary/footnotes are interesting enough but the allegories didn't grab me. It took me a long time to read the short book. Much longer than it normally takes me to run through the Potter novels but these stories aren't nearly as plot driven.<br /><br />Only recommended if you're hardcore Hogwarts, I guess. That's a harsh review, though. It's not unpleasant, it's just not really for me.
0439023483|5.0|What can I possibly say about The Hunger Games that hasn't already been said by other reviewers out there? I will say that when I first heard of the book, I was a little skeptical, but after reading review after review that gave nothing but praise, I finally decided I had to read it. I picked up my copy last week and finally started into it Monday. Sadly, work interfered with my reading, but despite that I finished it last night. I can honestly say it was probably the best book I've read so far in 2009. It certainly puts a new spin on Reality TV!!    I loved pretty much everything about the book--the way it was written, the characters' names and development, Collins' descriptive portrayal of the people and places, and lastly, the way this first book was wrapped up. Oh my, does it leave you hanging, dying to read the next book! This was another of those books where I felt like I was almost involved in the story firsthand. My heart pounded anxiously as Katniss met various challenges during the Games. I felt like I really knew her and Peeta, the two \\"tributes\\" from District 12. The plotting was just great, too. Books like these make me wonder how I will ever come up with something so creative to write about, myself! It's not as if all of Collins' ideas were unique, but put them all together and you have a captivating, adrenaline-pumping, and all-round incredible story.    I could not stop thinking about this book after I read it. Just the possibility of what we could become is mind-blowing; we'd be going backwards and forwards at the same time if we ever ended up like Panem and its Districts. Last night, I was even telling my husband and my parents about this book, even though I knew there was not the least likelihood that any of them would ever read it. I seriously cannot WAIT for the next book, Catching Fire, to be released in September.
B00004Z459|2.0|I remember when I was 13 years old, I bought this album a year after it originally came out. It was one of the very few CDs that I owned at the time, but this album found its way on repeat throughout my 7th grade year. Linkin Park were one of my favorite bands, and naturally, I bought Meteora around the time it came out as well.<br /><br />Then, after about 2 years, there was a phase I had when I completely regretted owning this album, going all the way to making fun of them for the wrong reasons and even destroying my copy of the album. I feel much worse for that reason now.<br /><br />Now, let's go to this day. In no way am I big on this album as I was back in 2001/02, due to the fact that I discovered a lot of better music out there, but I also realized that there is far worse than this. Still, it's a rather average output for an overhyped band.<br /><br />First off, the lyrical content has much more you can relate to when you were younger than when you mature. To my surprise, you don't hear any profanities, which is uncommon for a lot of nu-metal acts. However, what you hear is nothing but angst and internal struggles for the most part, and while there are plenty of bands I listen to that focus on that, they pull it off much better than what LP does. A good example is \\"Shut up when I'm talking to you\\" from \\"One Step Closer\\".<br /><br />For the rest of this album, I should hate it, but I don't. The songwriting is extremely basic, mostly verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge-chorus, and there's barely any semblance of musicianship other than the basic chord progression. Mike Shinoda is an average MC, and vocalist Chester Bennington is pretty bad at what he does. BUT, I believe that the use of electronica and scratching used in this album helps out a bit, seeing that not many nu-metal bands that incorporate rapping can use electronic soundscapes to good use. For example, \\"Cure For the Itch\\" is a nice instrumental that's a far cry and a nice break from the rest of the album. The songs give me a feeling of deja vu, especially the non-singles, because it should be obvious that you can't let go of your past.<br /><br />This album isn't highly recommended by me. There are so many faults with it, but then again, this is much better than the re-hash of this album the band would do with Meteora, the awful remix album Reanimation, the pointless Jay-Z collaboration, or even worse yet, Minutes to Midnight. If you have to go with one LP album, go with this.ling of deja vu, especially the non-singles, because it should be obvious that you can't let go of your past.     This album isn't highly recommended by me. There are so many faults with it, but then again, this is much better than the re-hash of this album the band would do with Meteora, the awful remix album Reanimation, the pointless Jay-Z collaboration, or even worse yet, Minutes to Midnight. If you have to go with one LP album, go with this.
015206396X|5.0|Why, oh why, did I wait so long to read this book? I'd had it on my wish list for months and never picked it up until I ordered it last week. Boy, was I missing out!    This is exactly the kind of fantasy novel I enjoy reading--epic adventure, a bit of romance, and strong characters. In my opinion, a strong, well-written book makes you feel as if you are right there in the middle of the action, and Graceling did that for me. At times it was a bit predictable, but there were also many events that I did not see coming, so I didn't feel as if I had already read this story before. I also enjoyed the premise of these few people throughout the seven kingdoms who have Graces, and their different-colored eyes making them stand out for who they are. Yes, these Graces certainly make for a tale of exciting proportions--particularly Katsa's skill for killing. A skill that she wishes she didn't have, though as the story unfolds, she begins to learn the truth about herself and her Grace.    Now for the characters. Personally, I enjoyed them all, from the evil kings (Randa and Lech) to Katsa's sidekicks (Raffin, Giddon, and Oll) to Po, with whom she finds herself falling in love. Cashore also did a good job writing about their relationships to each other--I found myself quickly forming attachments. It is exciting to watch Katsa grow, thanks to Po's insight and support, and even more incredible to read the tale of her rescuing Princess Bitterblue (don't you love that name?) from her horrible father. I think that my only problem with this book was how quickly the main threat to the characters was resolved. One minute you are surprised at this person's appearance and the next they've been disposed of. I suppose it was almost a bit anti-climactic, though I still had to breathe a sigh of relief at the outcome and did garner a certain amount of satisfaction from it. But that wasn't the end--there was even a twist or two left to discover, and overall it really was an enjoyable read.    Ithink most fantasy-lovers would enjoy this book; I know I read it in one sitting today and couldn't wait to write the review. (By the way, can I also say I just really, really love this cover?) Now I'll be sitting here with the rest of you who are waiting for Fire to come out in October.    (Additional Note: My actual rating is 4-1/2 stars but I round up on sites like Amazon.)
0786888628|1.0|If you wish to know the ebb and flow of battle, this is not the book for you. With exception of a couple of battles around Pusan, Natkong he grudgingly admits Inchon was a success then goes on bad mouthing the decision to go to the Yalu. Look at the acknowledgements in the back of the book and you'll see every Left wing hack and the cheering section for the Democrat Party, FDR and especially Harry S Truman.  Most of the book has nothing to do with the actual war.  See page 608,  the author really believes that the genuine warmth of reception given one of our greatest \\"fighting\\" Generals coast-to-coast, . . . \\"was a kind of giant antiwar rally, not just anti-Korean War . . .\\".  Throw in the left's defense of Alger Hiss and hatred for Sen. Joseph McCarthy to round thing out and you have a long read which covers little of the War start to finish.
B0026NWBY2|1.0|In 1976, George Harrison's first Greatest Hits album was released. It was put together without his input and criticized by him for including Beatle songs on a solo greatest hits album. I didn't buy it for that reason. In 1989,his second greatest hits album \\"The Best of Dark Horse\\" was released. It was a good album but incomplete because it lacked his pre-dark horse material. Unfortunately, it was allowed to go out of print.I didn't buy that one either because I thought it would always be around and I had many of the albums. In 2001, George died. I thought finally, someone will do a wonderful comprehensive Greatest Hits album for this music legend. Years passed without a peep. In 2008 (I think) most of George's albums became available on Itunes. I thought, I will make my own greatest hits tribute to George. Unfortunately, a number of the albums were not available on Itunes including Dark Horse and Extra Texture. George's website promised they would be released in the new year - so far nothing. Then I heard about Let it Roll. I thought finally, the greatest hits album I have been waiting 33 years for.  I was shocked to find that songs like You, Crackerbox Palace and This Song were still missing. And guess what, the same Beatle songs that George didn't want on his first greatest hits album were back again rationalized as \\"live\\" versions. Meanwhile you still can't buy George's entire catalog on Itunes. Maybe his family doesn't like those albums and songs, but it's not fair to the true fans. Why can't George have a comprehensive greatest hits album? I give up. I'm buying and burning songs from the individual cds.
B001GQSY5U|4.0|My nephew on my wife's side is an amazingly nifty kid who's also (like me) a huge Star Wars fan. And this past June, he picked out my birthday present from my wife's sister -- the special-edition DVD of last year's \\"Clone Wars\\" CGI animated film. You remember it, right? The one that got torn a new sphincter by pretty much every critic in Christendom? (Rotten Tomatoes has it at a mind-numbingly excoriative 19%, the same composite score they give to legendary bomb \\"Ishtar.\\")    I will admit that I avoided seeing \\"Clone Wars\\" last summer when I was in the States on holiday, pretty much entirely because of those damning reviews. Previously, I had seen every single Star Wars film in the theatre at least once; having done so was a point of nerd pride and a touchstone to some of the most magical cinematic moments of my childhood, so avoiding this one was not insignificant for me.    But now I owned the silly thing, and fondness for my nephew, as well as my sense of gift-recipient honor, required that I actually watch it. So I did. And now, having seen it, I have to ask:    Why does everyone hate this film so vehemently? I came in expecting to be deeply disappointed (I am a Star Wars aficionado from way back), and yet I really enjoyed the heck out of the movie. It's briskly and sensibly plotted, packed with pleasing cliffhanger action and supercool Errol Flynnesque lightsaber duels, and relatively pretty to look at -- the color palettes if nothing else are gorgeous.    I'll admit that the animation is occasionally stiff and/or awkward, but hardly always: the action scenes have lovely flow and dynamism (I'm not an animator, but I do enjoy animated cinema in general). And yeah, not all the original actors from the live-action films are back, but frankly, some of the voice actors in \\"Clone Wars\\" are way better than their non-virtual counterparts (Hayden Christensen, I'm looking in your monotone direction).    I had an enormous lot of fun watching it; more than anything, it reminded me of Bioware's \\"Knights of the Old Republic\\" computer games in its prettiness and bang-on Star Wars sensawunda.    So why do so many people vituperate \\"Clone Wars\\"? How many actually saw it? Because I gotta say, as a Star Wars otaku I was absurdly pleasantly surprised. In fact, I'm going to watch it again soon.
0756404746|5.0|I'm relatively new to the fantasy genre so there are a lot of books I haven't read, but out of the ones I have read, The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss is one of the best. Though it doesn't have epic battles, or even much fighting at all, this book kept me hooked the entire way through. For only having completed one novel, Rothfuss's storytelling skills are off the charts. He's without a doubt one of the best new fantasy writers of this decade, along with others such as Joe Abercrombie, Scott Lynch, David Anthony Durham, Brandon Sanderson and Daniel Abraham, all of whom I would recommend. The characters in The Name of the Wind are also very realistic, and the conflicts between them are what you'd expect for people of their age. The main example of this would be that Kvothe has problems with money, girls, and rivalries with other students. Despite the normality of these conflicts, Rothfuss does a great job at making them interesting, and to be honest, I find it quite refreshing to read a book that doesn't have children battling and unstoppable evil. So over all, I would highly recommend The Name of the Wind to not only an avid fan of fantasy, but also to someone who is interested in the genre, but may not know where to start. And to all of you that think that fantasy is all about the reluctant hero vs. the unstoppable evil, read this book. Hopefully it will convince you otherwise.
0307266303|4.0|Born To Run was an extremely interesting read. I found myself turning pages, as if I were reading a mystery novel, really wanting to know what happened next.  Full of interesting INDIVIDUALS so you never knew when something completely unexpected would happen.  To top it all off it is full of great information about distance runners and running and what has taken place in the world of long distance running since the advent of modern footwear.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who has even a passing interest in the sport of running
B000OVLBGC|5.0|I can count the number of foreign films that I have seen on one hand. My husband rented this, and I thought that I'd give it a try. I was surprised to find that it was compelling in a quiet, subtle sort of way. If you prefer an action film with a fast pace, and great special effects, then this is NOT the movie for you. But if you would simply like to watch a good story unfold, then I would highly recommend this movie. I would watch it again, and I can't say that about most movies that I have seen. BTW, watch it in the orginal German with English subtitles.
0307588335|5.0|Larry McDonald writes a book about the Lehman collapse that is entertaining and humorous, which is amazing considering he is writing about fairly complicated financial matters.  I know many of the people he writes about, and he truly catches their essences well.  Patrcik Robinson has done it again.  I enjoyed Lone Survivor, but this book is even better.  I am glad that I added it to my summer reading list!
0399230033|5.0|My little ones (ages 18 months and 3) make up new and different narratives for this story every time.  They love the ridiculousness of all of the animals in the house and ask to read it over and over.
B000053VAF|5.0|Best movie ever! I wasnt sure about it but I really enjoyed this movie shipping was REALLY fast And Dogma was just a blast to watch thank you!
0553801473|3.0|This book had way too many characters that I could care less about. I am talking about CHAPTER after CHAPTER of utterly useless and boring information on boring characters. Nothing happens until the end of the book. This book DOES NOT MOVE much at all. I was seriously disappointed and skipped entire chapters just to find tidbits of interesting chapters towards the end.<br /><br />No, I did not buy it. Otherwise I would be even more pissed.
B001PPLIFU|4.0|There is no FUN in this movie! It's a pure action film, and not a bad one, but as a Bond film it's nowhere near the good ones, as a huge part of JB's character is his sense of humor and irony. Craig is perenially dour and full of grimace; where's James Bond? Even Bourne has more fun than this guy!<br /><br />I don't know if it's Craig's fault: he seems happy enough in the making-of bits here, but in the film he's a dead fish. Ready to kill, but that's about all. Connery is the template because he was both tough and charming, with a bon mot always at the ready. It's what makes his Bond special. The writers have lost that. There are tons of glowering action heroes out there, but only one James Bond. Please bring him back!<br /><br />And the best guy to play that combo of deadly and funny is Statham. Watch the first Crank or even Transporter 3 and see a truly interesting and multi-faceted action hero; as Bond he would no doubt be that much better. Buuut, for some reason many seem to love Craig, so we may be stuck with him for a while. Too bad.<br /><br />Beyond Craig's lack of humor, this film has many flaws. The action scenes are cut WAY too fast, so that one can barely tell what's going on, let alone enjoy it or feel much tension (except from the constant cuts). The acting is wooden from almost everyone; the locations are good but abused by the quick cuts and lack of playfulness. Original director Terence Stamp must be turning over in his grave. He understood Bond's character and that's why the first four Bond films still stand far above the rest. The latest Bond directors are so concerned with being au courant that they miss the whole Bond vibe: lots of action, sure, but also lots of fun.<br /><br />And worst of all: almost no Bond theme or music until nearly the end! What the...? It's the last vestige of the first and best Bonds, so use it to make your weak effort in the series, shiny and slick though it may be, work. Yet perhaps that says it all: this isn't really a Bond film, it's a super-hyper action movie with a guy called Bond, a guy who bears little resemblance to Fleming's, Stamp's, and Connery's Bonds: the real one, a man who enjoys life and the chase instead of suffering through it all.yper action movie with a guy called Bond, a guy who bears little resemblance to Fleming's, Stamp's, and Connery's Bonds: the real one, a man who enjoys life and the chase instead of suffering through it all.
B00005JKLZ|5.0|I might be in the minority but I must say that this movie has been very unfairly thrashed by critics and viewers alike. Having seen both the orginal and this incarnation I will say this version improves upon the orginal and is much better in all aspects except maybe the american accent of Guy Pearce in a victorian setting.<br /><br />The orginal felt like a ordinary sci-fi movie in which the main character decides to make a time machine and hops into it to go see the future. In this version the reasoning appears to be lot more mature aka the refusal to let-go the death of his fiance and hence use his time machine invention to prevent her from dying whether it means to go back in time to fix things or travelling to as far in the future as possible to learn how to prevent her from dying. Combine this with some really state-of-the art FX (that holds good even today), philosphical underpinnings, some nice action scenes and decent acting by the cast succeeds in making this movie into a great modern day adaption of H.G Wells orginal Time machine novel.
B000A1KF5Y|5.0|compelling drama illustrating a clash of cultural perspectives...good for folks who have more than a passing interest in religions of the earth...
B001NESPHC|5.0|I haven't heard any previous work of Melody Gardot to compare this album with, but I really enjoy this mellow music.  I have it in my CD player in the car right now, and my 3.5 yr old says \\"turn it up\\", then starts to yawn (as does the 1 yr old) in under 10 minutes.  So not only do I enjoy relaxing to it, my kids do, too.
0545123267|5.0|Oh my, oh my...all of the wonderful things I could say about Shiver. By far, without a doubt, the best book I've read this year.     I'm a new Maggie Stiefvater fan after reading Lament. When I saw Shiver on the shelves I just knew it had to be good, and boy was I right!!     11-year-old Grace is attacked by wolves in the backyard of her snowy Minnesota home. While the wolves nip at her in the cold snow, her body frozen mostly by fear, her hand is nudged by the one wolf that will not join the others. She locks eyes with this yellow-eyed creature and won't let go.     6 years later, Grace is a junior in high school. She seems fairly happy; she has two best friends, parents who aren't around much but seem to love her just the same and an obsession with the wolves who live in the woods outside her backyard. Well, obsession with a wolf, the wolf, her wolf. The same yellow-eyed wolf who holds her gaze almost every day during the winter, the same yellow-eyed wolf who disappears once the summer comes, the same yellow-eyed wolf who nudged her hand 6 years ago and has had a piece of her heart since then.    Sam watches Grace in the shadow of the woods during the cold of the winter, every day. He can't smile at her, can't touch her, can't talk to her, so he watches. He sees her sit at home alone, cook dinner alone, looks as she sits on the tire swing she was stolen from 6 years ago and dragged into the woods by his pack, sees her scan the woods until she finds his yellow eyes. Sam watches Grace and waits for the day he can stand next to her and tell her everything he's wanted to say for the last 6 years. Summer is that time for Sam. The time when the temperature warms up enough to let Sam shift back into his human form for a few fragile months.     The first time Grace sees the boy with those familiar yellow eyes, she knows. It's him. The wolf. Her wolf.     Sam and Grace fight the temperature, human obstacles and this curse to stay together.     Like I said, best book I've read this year. I had tears streaming down my cheeks when I read the last page. Magical, simply magical.
0307588335|5.0|I truly enjoyed this book!! It was well written and quite comical.  Great insight behind the collapse of Lehman.
B001EAWMFQ|5.0|This review is for; [[ASIN:B001EAWMFQ Shogun Assassin: 5 Film Collector's Set]]<br /><br />I just wanted to point out some of the new special features in this new set that wasn't available in the individual releases. Besides being released in the new box that takes ups less space than the original five snap cases, audio commentary is provided by Ric Meyers (a film scholar) and Steve Watson (a martial arts expert) as well as a video interview with Scott Houle who did the audio dubbing for parts 3, 4 & 5. Note the commentary and video interview is only on part one (Shogun's Assassin). The video interview is about 31 minutes long as Scott Houle answers a series of questions about the technical aspects of film dubbing. The other four discs in the set appear to be indentical to the individual releases the were released earlier. Also, a 26-page booklet featuring an essay, making of interview, liner notes, cast bios, black & white photos as well as \\"where are they now\\" information. Any special features from the previous released discs are still in the new boxed set such as all the trailers, photo slide shows & production notes. All of the discs are stored in a five-fold cardboard insert that slides into the outer box (similiar to typical TV series DVD sets).<br /><br />Great boxed disc set to have if you want the new special features on disc one only and the booklet! Otherwise it is very identical to the prior individual releases.
0061139378|5.0|I discovered Neil Gaiman while listening to an interview on NPR after he won the Newberry Medal for \\"The Graveyard Book.\\"  Now there's no turning back.  He's an excellent writer.  His descriptions are clear, artful, and magical.  Coraline is fun to read, a fascinating adventure into an \\"Other\\" world.  Surely an instant classic.
0307454541|2.0|The admonition not to judge a book by its cover could never be more true.  While the cover is eye-catching, the contents leave much to be desired.  I was very much looking forward to reading this book based on the reviews.  However, I found the \\"who-done-it\\" aspect to be largely predictable and the \\"twist\\" to be wholly uninspired.  There also is a surprising amount of disturbing sexual violence that was sensationalistic and over-the-top. I appreciate the effort to bring the issue of violence against women into the light, but here the violence was so outrageously sadistic that it distorted the very problem it attempted to address. I also found the author's constant mention of the technical specifications of electronic equipment and the square footage of the rooms to be distracting and odd.  Disappointing and with so many other great books out there, not worth the time.
B001UV4XU6|5.0|500 Days of Summer has became my new all time favorite film. It's so amazingly original. No scenes or lines of banality. It's just an outstanding film. Anyone who sees film after film will enjoy this deviant from Hollywood pitch films. The film is realistic, and beautifully done. Not a word spoken in the movie theater. Watch it, buy it!
0307588335|5.0|As an ex-Lehman employee who lost my life savings, i really had NO interest in reading this book or re-living the hell. I also felt like many financial books, this would be dry and boring. But after reading the prologue, I was seduced into reading more. It's a tastefully written masterpiece about the life of Larry who's a likable upbeat character, and it weaves in and teaches you about the world of high finance, without being dry or boring. Its a MUST read for anyone who wants to learn about Wall Street, who wants to learn about Corporate Culture in America, or any student of business or management. And most important, anyone who needs a GREAT and gripping book to read over the summer! I was extremely pleased that i didn't let my past heart break prevent me from getting some entertainment, some knowledge and I really get to know this Larry guy.
1594488916|5.0|As my screen name implies, I am a bonefide Book Addict.  Thus, my fascination with this book.  As others have stated, it's a book you can't put down.  Bartlette draws you into the world of books - collectors, sellers, rare books, and criminals.  I thought I knew a lot about books until I read this book, but there is much useful inside information about the world of collecting.  Beyond that, Bartlett, the reporter, did a wonderful job of spanning the worlds of book dealers and book stealers.  She portrays Gilkey as a sympathetic character in his obsession but goes far beyond that in exposing his addiction to collecting.  Many of the profile markers for his needing to steal and acquire books could be used for anyone with an addiction to acquiring through legal or illegal means.  One gains status with what one surrounds oneself, no matter if it's books, jewelry, clothes, fancy cars, etc.  In this aspect, there really isn't much difference between the book dealers and the stealers, just that the stealers do not acquire their books legitimately, i.e., they ALL wish to be surrounded by rare books due to the perceived stature it bestows upon them.<br /><br />A great read.  Highly recommended.
B001993Y2C|3.0|The show has been reviewed before.  It's awesome, enough said.  I'd like to review the horrendous packaging done by the folks at Universal which stresses design over functionality.  This box is beautiful, it really is.  The Cylon figure on top is a huge waste of cash, but it still helps it stand apart from other sets... which it will already do if you place it on your shelf with the rest of your TV shows on DVD.  This sucker sticks out a lot.  I do like the design aspect of lifting the top to access the season sets, but I feel like once I have done so I should be greeted by some cool little slim disc cases like the ones that were used in the standard DVD sets.  Those were so great.  Functional, kept the disc safe, and it had an episode and bonus feature listing on the back.  How thoughtful to let us know what is actually on each of the 20 discs.  This new set?  Not so lucky.  Each season comes packed in a Cylon head.  Again, a cool idea that may have worked with some slim cases inside or, gasp, a steelbook vase to justify the high price tag of the set.  But no, these Clyon heads open from the base with velcro.  Yes, velcro, and open to reveal the discs within which rest loosely again slick cardboard.  Yes, cardboard.  You will more than likely need to remove the entire Cylon head and tip it upside down to get anything out.  And when you do you will get everything out... at least two discs at once.  This is the source of much pain for the viewer.  Some will like this setup and that's great for them, but I couldn't stand it.  I offer a possible solution.  I went to a local store and picked up some CD/DVD sleeves.  Not the cheap paper ones with the clear circular front, but the nicer ones that have slots for a disc on each side and support them with soft, non-scratch material.  I placed each disc in its own little sleeve, which still fits the current box design width-wise, and printed labels on the back of each sleeve that describe, gasp, the contents of the disc.  Yes, in this whopping 200-dollar set Universal included no list of what is actually on each discs.  There are no episode listings, descriptions, or locations listed of bonus content.  Good luck.  There's a great DVD review website out there that I will not advertise for fear of why review being omitted, but the editor there was kind enough to type out these printable inserts for us and offer them free as downloadable files.  Grab them, they're pretty.  So yes, there is some work involved with my storage offering but it works and once you've got your protected, labeled discs in the master case it all works quite well.  Worried about the upcoming 'The Plan' movie making your complete set incomplete?  No worries, pick it up when it's released, slip it into another little disc protector at the back of Season 4 and no worries.  You can even remove the worthless Cylon coffin figure from its perch atop the set and slide your new disc in there if you'd like.  The series is over, it had a final episode.  'The Plan' is a TV movie which is how I am chosing to justify its omission from the set.  would I have liked it to have been included as a reward for those of us who shelled out the cash for the whole thing?  Of course.  But Universal chose not to include it in an obvious effort to helps its individual sales soar so this is what we get.  Aside from my many packaging complaints, and I have so many, the discs themselves are beautiful and the show has never looked or sounded better.  If you're an audio/video nut like me who wants the best possible presentation for the shows he loves, especially if you're going to devote as much time as it takes to watch an entire series' run, this is the way to go.  Universal, lousy packaging aside, knows how to put together an awesome Blu-Ray set which unmatched quality.  For this I do thank them.  Shop around, wait for the price to drop if you can, and rest assured another box set will see the light of day sometime after the upcoming release of'The Plan'.  It's called double-dipping and most of you already know this business move well.  My hope is that Universal responds to our packaging complaints.  I would love to ship off the useless Cylon head packaging for a nice set of slim disc cases... with labels... and maybe this will be done for us in the future.  However, if you can get past the temporary inconvenience of making the set more accessible it truly is worth it.  I actually feel an odd sense of ownership having modified the packaging on my own... extra-ownery ownership, I suppose.  So there you have it, a possible storage fix.  Spectacular series from start to finish.  Lousy interior packaging.  Two-star reduction for this design snafu, which as it turns out is quite a big deal.'The Plan'.  It's called double-dipping and most of you already know this business move well.  My hope is that Universal responds to our packaging complaints.  I would love to ship off the useless Cylon head packaging for a nice set of slim disc cases... with labels... and maybe this will be done for us in the future.  However, if you can get past the temporary inconvenience of making the set more accessible it truly is worth it.  I actually feel an odd sense of ownership having modified the packaging on my own... extra-ownery ownership, I suppose.  So there you have it, a possible storage fix.  Spectacular series from start to finish.  Lousy interior packaging.  Two-star reduction for this design snafu, which as it turns out is quite a big deal.
0765348276|5.0|When John Perry turned 75 he joined the Colonial Defense Forces...the military organization that is tasked with protecting Humanity's colonies against alien incursion.  The CDF only recruits those who have gained the experience that comes with being three quarters of a century.  In return for their enlistment, the CDF bestows these elderly recruits with new, souped-up bodies.  Stronger and faster is only the beginning.  Increased resistance to detrimental environments (including the vacuum of space) and a heck of a computer plugged right into the brain are only a small portion of the gifts the CDF imparts to all its recruits.    John Perry's Earthbound life is over.  Thrust into battle with aliens who can't be bargained with, Perry must use his new body to not only defend himself, but also to defend those he has come to care for as well.    Scalzi's Old Man's War is one of the finest science fiction novels I have read in a long time.  The characterizations are strong; you really get to know who the characters are, both in their former lives on Earth, and in their new lives, enlisted in the CDF.  The pacing of the story feels the way a story should...one idea into the next, into the next.....  The plot itself is hole-less; never once did I notice any contradictions or other such vagaries within the story.  And the real kicker is...this tale is Scalzi's first novel!  Old Man's War is an outstanding first novel and goes well beyond merely being highly recommended.  Pick this one up!!
0131177052|5.0|I have read many books by the most respected names in software development.  This book is probably the best software development book that I have ever read.  The advice is very practical.  Anyone developing software should consider this a must-read.    The recipes will help you get your system under test.  Once you have good test coverage, you will be able to modify the structure of your code without worrying that you are breaking something.  You will also find yourself more productive writing new code if you can follow the advice and principles laid out in this book.    You will not regret purchasing this book.
B0007GAEW6|4.0|I was turned onto TMV by Guitar Hero world Tour, which features L'Via. Apparently I've been living under a rock when it comes to new music. The reviews I've been reading here since are hilarious in how diverse and diametrically opposed people's opinions are. I don't think they sound like Rush at all, maybe King Crimson - how about \\"they sound original\\"? Just check out the samples and see what you think. Their smacked-out trip sections do get low marks from me - I'm sure they had fun making those sounds, but I don't care for it- so I rate it a 4.<br /><br />What I heard in their songs that have a beat is impeccable musicianship and this thing that some of you younger listeners may not have heard of: it's called PASSION. I don't speak Spanish, but I was enthralled by the little guy's SINGING - when I heard that Chili Peppers members have contributed, I decided to check it out.<br /><br />I'm a veteran musician, and I like nothing more than being assaulted by my speakers with odd time signatures and explosive sounds. My girlfriend, on the other hand, made me promise that I'd never subject her to that scary, weird, crap again! So, hey, it ain't for everybody. But if you like high-energy jazz fusion, it's right up your alley. There's nothing I like more than brave, original music that's impossible to categorize.
1569242739|4.0|A really fun little book - so far, I have made two kinds of cupcakes, and three kinds of frosting from the book. Both cupcake recipes were delicious, and two of the three frostings were *great*.<br /><br />I realize that vegan baking is a exercise in creativity and there is a true art to substitution... but I couldn't help but think that there may have been some other subs for all of the soy products and the sugars in the book. I used almond and hazelnut milk in place of the soy and had very good results. I also cut the sugar amounts in half on the frostings and they were still very sweet and perfect for the recipe.<br /><br />All in all, it is a great book and one that I will turn to for years to come for quick delicious recipes for myself and for all my friends - vegan or not!
B000000Y87|4.0|Hallowed live recordings from a positively synergistic trio unfortunately plays out more in historical context from its scarcity of variety.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|1.  After hearing the hype about this movie for quite some time, I finally watched this movie and... it did live up to the hype.<br /><br />2.  Whatever your preconceptions, this is a great movie:  well acted, a compelling story, cleverly written, a universal story surely to be enjoyed by most folks.<br /><br />3.  Bottomline:  I guess sometimes, a great movie actually wins the Oscar.
B0024FAG4Y|1.0|I am really disappointed by the poor transfer of this BR release. There is no need to buy the BR version if you have the DVD.
B0011NVC9I|4.0|Yes, the motion-capture animation is kind of lame, at least when it comes to human faces--although I loved the way they made the dragon fly--but the story makes up for it. It's not really a violation of the original poem, as some outraged reviewers have written, but instead a kind of imaginative probe inside the origins of it. It's a kind of \\"This is what really happened\\" idea. Or in the voice of Walter Cronkite, \\"The date is between 500 and 700 A.D. and the place is Denmark, and YOU are there.\\"<br /><br />The premise of the movie is that Beowulf didn't really kill Grendel's mother, as the poet tells us. Instead he was seduced by her. The poet is only writing down the oral tradition he has inherited from his Norse pagan ancestors, songs of their heroic deeds before the Saxons' migration to England and their Christianization around the 7th Century.  The poet repeatedly uses anachronisms like \\"God in majesty\\" and \\"the almighty father,\\" but the movie corrects this, only once referring to the \\"new god of the Romans.\\" Okay, it commits its own share of anachronisms, like Grendel's mom (an Angelina Jolie blow-up doll) in stiletto heels, but hey ... I'll let Zemeckis get away with that one.<br /><br /> So the implication is that the story we are familiar with has been told that way because that's the way Beowulf said it happened, and Wiglaf, who learned the truth at the end, when Beowulf lay dying beside his son, the dead dragon, did not reveal the 50-year deception of his friend and lord. Some reviewers hated this deconstruction of a hero, but that's what I liked about it. Beowulf was human like the rest of us. And if that's not bad enough, we are made to feel a little sympathy for Grendel -- a spawn of hell, sure, but also an ugly kid with a bad mother.  In the poem everything is tied up neatly: Grendel, his mother and the dragon are all killed, their Geat-eating days over for good, thanks to the heroic deeds of mighty Beowulf. But in real life it's never that clean.<br /><br />As he stands on the beach beside his dead king and his demonic offspring -- which in death has been curiously transformed into a human shape resembling his father -- Wiglaf sees Grendel's mother (in the stunning form of Angelina Jolie) rise up out of the sea, smiling that seductive, evil smile. Holding the dragon's gold, he wades into the surf. So in the movie, as in reality, the cycle continues. Desire never ends.the beach beside his dead king and his demonic offspring -- which in death has been curiously transformed into a human shape resembling his father -- Wiglaf sees Grendel's mother (in the stunning form of Angelina Jolie) rise up out of the sea, smiling that seductive, evil smile. Holding the dragon's gold, he wades into the surf. So in the movie, as in reality, the cycle continues. Desire never ends.
0307266303|5.0|I'm middle-aged and admit I'm getting set in my ways. It takes a pretty compelling and well-supported argument to change my mind these days. That said, this book blew my mind and really started me thinking differently about how I run - and walk.  I loved McDougall's tangential style, loved following the path of his brain because I knew it would eventually find its way back to the Tarahumara Indians and Copper Canyon.  A good story, strong characters and really wonderful information about running.  McDougall is a gifted writer and the book is well paced.  Best of all, I've had my shoes off and have been paying more attention to my feet by running barefoot. Amazing.      A great read if you've stalled in your running routine or are plagued with injuries.  Everything you know about running is wrong.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|1.  The great success of this miniseries is a testament that a good percentage of the American public still care about quality films  / entertainment about important historical data.<br /><br />2.  I guess the greatest criticism I have about the miniseries is that it's too short;  I would have liked more detail about the what went on during the Revolutionary War, amongst other stuff.<br /><br />3.  Bottomline--> this is a must see.
0930289234|5.0|I first read this back in March and just figured i should add to the rating.It is an amazing book and the first graphic novel i ever read. It's a great place to start and it's one of if not my favorite book. Do yourselves a favor and go buy it.
B0011UCOGG|5.0|i will admit that i havent read this book in a while. i bought it the moment it came out and took like a week to read it.(im a fast reader.)then when i got done my brother borrowed it and took it to his house. he lives two hours away. i havent gotten it back yet but i do remember thinking that it was one of the best books ive ever read.definitly the best in the series.even if it wasnt the most original book ive ever read it was still one of the best and most well written.and you people complaning that theres 4 books instead of 3 are stupid. im glad he drew the series out cause that means theres one more awesome book i get to read! you people are hypocrytes. you are writing 20 pages about how he writes too much! i loved the book. mr. poalini if you are reading this id like to congratulate you on a job well done.
B001AVCFJM|5.0|As a long time and die hard fan of Star Trek, I went to see this film with an open mind.  It was not so much an alternate story but an interfered history.  Star fans should remember the 'prime directive'.  Never change history.  Apparently Nero did not read it.  What results is a great movie.  Great actors.  I loved it.  Can't wait for the DVD.  I will have a marathon.
B000286S8S|3.0|Couldn't they put Roth on one disc and Hagar on the other?   I guess that is too much to ask for the bozos that organized this collection!    With a little thing called the internet (and fan's thoughts on the matter), you would think that they could have done a better job!    Disc One: DLR-era  Disc Two: Hagar-era + (2 new tracks)!    CD-single:   Other Hagar new track, other Roth classic song, Cherone's Without You and Humans Beings from Twister ST! (and even some solo Eddie stuff!)
0743289692|5.0|Fascinating, heart-wrenching, enlightening memoir of a Muslim Somali woman who eventually moved to Holland and became part of their Parliament. Must read.<br /><br />Ayaan opened my eyes to the way muslim girls and woman are treated. I had my suspicions, but she really brought to life the plight of many Muslims.  Ironically, many of them don't realize it is a plight.<br /><br />Thank you, Thank you, Thank you Ayaan.
B00297FEUI|4.0|This Score is great! Improved on the tracks. Steve Jablonsky along with Linkin Park and of course with the help of composer/producer Hans Zimmer, they made this score awesome! Some tracks are hott, some are beautiful like \\"Infinite White\\" with  Lisbeth Scott's chanting of the Prime melody. And some are intense. They could've release an expanded score because some of the music was in the film but not released on the official Score. I'm still satisfied. If only the film was as good as the score lol. Film could've been better. Was saved by Michael Bay's action and Steve's composing!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Ver simply, this is one of the best nature series every made. It is facinating and captures the imagination. It is good for all ages, from young children to seniors. The film was more entertaining than any Disney movies or entertainment movie for children. The cinematography was superb and you catch scenes of nature's wonders and God's creations from all over the world. It is a wholesome film series that the whole family can really enjoy together. Consider getting the entire set if you like to watch films with your family. [[ASIN:B000MRAAJM Planet Earth - The Complete BBC Series [Blu-ray]]]
076780421X|3.0|I'm sure most folks who really like this film are just big fans of the two leads. I enjoyed this film to a degree, but I can't remember laughing once or getting that \\"aw shucks\\" feeling either(this isn't such a bad thing!). The best moments in this film come when Perry meets Hayeks family, but overall this romantic comedy isn't all that romantic or comedic! It's been done a millions times before and if you like these types of films, there is no reason for you to miss this one either.
0439813786|3.0|I was very excited to read this book after reading all of the fantastic reviews and seeing that it was a winner of the Caldecott Medal. Unfortunately it did not come close to what I expected. While the illustrations are nice and help add to the story, the storyline itself is just lacking. By the time I was through I thought... \\"that's it?\\"
B001AVCFK6|3.0|I have mixed feelings on this film. ** SPOILERS AHEAD ** Some of it was really good and some of it was really bad.  I think the worst part of the movie was the story. First of all, why bother going through all the trouble of re-writing the Star Trek universe by altering the time line, with the end result being that all the same characters all end up in the same place they were in the original series?  Why bother?  The story was more about getting all the characters together on the ship with the Romulans as a side show.  There are a ton of things in the movie that make absolutely no sense at all.  Why was Kirk thrown off the ship for insubordination?  Don't they have brigs on the ship anymore or transporters?  Why have a full court hearing in front of hundreds of cadets for a simple matter of cheating on a test?  Spock is stickler on rules, yet he makes time to make out with Uhura on the transporter pad during a crisis.  Spock beats up Kirk on the bridge in front of everyone, including security personnel, and nobody does a thing about it.  Spock just walks off, not arrested or confined in any way.  Which brings up another point.  Why did we need to be subjected to Kirk getting beat up over and over again?  He gets creamed by Federation security, Romulans, and Spock.  At the end of the movie, Kirk gets promoted to Captain.  Huh?  Just like that over one act of heroism and he's the captain?  There's a complete lack of attention to military protocol in this movie.  Uhura is the worst of all of them.  She is an annoying sarcastic character constantly questioning superior officers. She constantly leaves her post without uttering a word, usually chasing after her boyfriend Spock.  Look at the Romulans.  It's funny how all of them speak perfect English.  There's even a Romulan with a British accent.  They are essentially miners from the future with a mining vessel that is armed to the teeth.  Since when does a mining vessel need such an arsenal?  At several points the shiplooks invincible, easily destroying a Federation fleet.  Later in the film however, the Enterprise easily shoots down all it's torpedoes that are heading for Spock's small ship.  Huh?  If that's all there was to it then why couldn't they do that before?????  See what I mean?  There is just a complete lack of attention to detail in the story.  The film makers took everything that made Star Trek great and ignored it.  Star Trek was popular because it was cerebral.  It had great stories and great scripts.  This movie doesn't have that.  It's typical Hollywood at it again trying to dumb down everything.  Endlessly trying to appease the Transformers crowd.    It's not all bad though.  There is a lot of good stuff here.  Special effects are terrific. Plenty of action scenes. The sets are fantastic.  If you look at the bridge of the USS Kelvin, it is the most detailed and well designed one I have ever seen. In fact, the beginning of the movie with Kirk's dad is the best part of the film. It's almost as if a different director did that whole scene. The music is great.  The cast and the acting is great.  Bruce Greenwood makes a great Capt. Pike.  Zachary Quinto completely nails it as Spock.  Karl Urban surprised me by doing a very good McCoy.  There is enough good things here to make the movie good, just not great.
0452295548|5.0|Miracles Happen.  This is a book about healing.  This book is a book of inspiration! It doesn't matter what you need to heal from. Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor tells you exactly how to do it.  How you need to think and feel to get well and to come out ACTUALLY BETTER for the illness.<br /><br />The way this book is written, to me, is fascinating.  I liked the fact Dr. Taylor did not leave out the technical stuff on the brain but separated it from the story.<br /><br />This is a book for everyone.  It explains how your brain thinks and feels and the zen of it all.<br /><br />Thank God Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor lived to write \\"My Stroke of Insight\\" and Thank God for a mom like G.G.  Oh...that's right this is a book about the love between a very special mother and her brain scientist daughter.  On all accounts...a great read!
B000ZEE3I6|5.0|HP and the Half-blood Prince foreshadows the completing of the series in the 2-part Deathly Hallows.  As such, it does a masterly job of setting the stage of the hunt for the horcruxes and the sorting out of whom ends up with whom.  It also sets the stage, perhaps better than books, for why Harry doesn't become the head of Hogwarts and instead spends his life among the Muggles--he's certainly had enough excitement for a lifetime.  And as the \\"famous\\" Harry Potter he will also have had his fill of magic, potions, and spells.  Dumbledore would have wanted Harry to have a productive and happy life after such a tempestuous childhood; and if that meant setting aside the magic, well, Dumbledore would have understood.  When you lose everyone who means something to you (Mom, Dad, Sirius, Dumbledore, Hedwig), then being present in the real world to what is left (Ginny, Hermione, and Ron) is all the more important, especially more important than magic.  I've read reviews that fault Daniel Radcliffe for his performance, but I actually think he's done a really amazing job of illuminating the maturing Harry whose life will be more an illustration of his mother's love, than his father's youthful brashness with its streak of meanness.  I like to think that Lily had the same long-term effect upon James as her memory has had upon Harry.
B001O8C5KK|5.0|All the bad press aside,Angela Gheorghiu truly is the greatest soprano ever.American audiences have been denied this beautiful voice due to joe volpe's blacklisting of her from the world's premier opera house.I suppose Renee Fleming should be grateful for that move.Perhaps her career wouldn't have had such a meteoric rise.Like all of us,Angela's voice is a little less steady than it was 10 years ago.But the limpid beauty is there in abundance.She is Butterfly.I am angry because I know she'll never be asked to perform it at the Met.To perform at the Met is to receive the ultimate stamp of affirmation. When I hear her, I think of Callas without all the exaggerated vibrato.  The love duet with Jonas Kaufman brings tears to my eyes. The naivety of her \\"Un bel di\\" is heartbreaking.I regret that Angela will not receive the adoration she so richly deserves.Mr. Kaufman is also wonderful in this opera.His dark manly voice was a welcome change from the lightness of past tenors.The sound quality of this recording is amazing.Her \\"Tosca\\" also sets a standard for all singers to emulate.Angela,your commitment to your art is obvious and I thank you for that.
B0021UDJT6|3.0|This is a good CD (not great but good) however am I the only one in the US whose DVD is not playing?  The product description and CD booklet both say the DVD is region free but it will not play in either of my DVD players, it only plays on my computer's DVD player.  Also, there is no different mix of Post Blue on the CD or DVD like it said in the product description. What is the deal?  Is anyone else having this trouble?
0143034901|5.0|I love this book.  I picked it up after a recommendation from a book club just as it was being published.  I read it on a train trip and didn't want to get off the train because I wanted to keep reading.  Yes, the plot is somewhat contrived, but who cares?  The characters and atmosphere are still so memorable and not completely unrealistic given the time and environment of the story.  I highly recommend it if you just want a good read.
B00005QGAX|5.0|This is another VERY GOOOOOD BESSSTTTTT album by Michael Jackson. I could listen to all songs of this album everyday and won't get tired of it. I can't really say which song is my very best favorite because all of them are good but here's the four that I liked the most: Man in the mirror, fly away (previously unreleased), I just can't stop loving you and Bad.     R.I.P. Michael Jackson, you will always, always, always, always, always, always be in my heart and be remembered by all of us who love you forever!!!!!
B0010VD7EO|4.0|MGMT managed to trip their way to the radio, each single released along the way details their urge for 'experimentation'. Much of the material present on the album isn't for say overproduced, though others will fight to their death to tell you it is. Production wise it's as if this is what they were keying in on.<br /><br />Electric Feel's heavily reverberated steel drums don't pummel your mind, they spin it. When your mind stops spinning you are submerged into another nostalgic water line (we'll call this the next track). If it sounded 'real' or any drier the one two punch wouldn't work for them. their music is one thing, but the delivery is the echoes, synths, and flickering sounds. Imagine a fishing reel, toss the line out, you see the line but it's now distorted from the water. No different then this music and the sound.<br /><br />On this album you'll find a load of layers, hazy muffles, pinched vocals, and more trippy effects then the kid with the Spencers line of lighting effects. Fillers seem apparent first listen (everything that's not a single in this case), they do indeed grow on you. These are the mellow flavor tracks, you can spot them by their ambitiousness. They travel all over the map and on occasion return to remind you the song hasn't ended. While not bad they don't have the finesse needed to make them stand out, no melodic hook strong enough to be on par with the singles. They good background music, and are good if you like dancing when no ones looking.<br /><br />Aside from the hipster appeal they really aren't bad at what they do. Yes in the indie culture many groups play around with electronics, have a cult fanbase etc, but MGMT make it clear right off the bat who/what they are. They aren't the next big thing, they aren't Animal Collective, nor are they as accessible to older psychedelic acts they get lumped with...they are some kids who enjoy 'experimentation' and the thoughtful idea of playing with ones past.<br /><br />I own the vinyl copy, equipped with the ever so apparent 'theme of illusions' from the hypnotic picture sleeve to the inner MP3 code. Some people hop onto the idea vinyl is superior, yes many times an old analog recording defeats its digital semi-counterpart (notice not counterpart), but with most new music vinyl isn't in mind for its quality but for its recent collectible nature. Yes you may still find some gems (Stan Ricker still works hard for vinyl releases), keep this in mind though the CD equivalent doesn't sound very different at all. The extra bass many speak of is probably since their turn table is plugged into the phono input. Sometimes we luck out though and a group makes sure the vinyl release does indeed sound better, even when unmentioned. So we gamble for sound quality, or just accept the aesthetics vinyl brings to the table. This album doesn't take a plunder if the quality is degraded so much as the production as mentioned earlier is glossy but was made that way.<br /><br />The vinyl copy is just one record, five tracks on each side. As mentioned with the orange hype sticker on the shrink wrap (aside from the hits) this copy is 'enhanced' with a free MP3 code on the inside. The MP3 is fine, yes it sounds tinnier but the sound quality AGAIN isn't the big deal on the album so much as the odd production (which AGAIN works well for this album). There is no normal insert; the backside of the picture sleeve takes care of the lyrics and other notes.<br /><br />At the end of the day MGMT offer a relaxing album, where production isn't in your face, the songs aren't too long, and the arrangements are intriguing upon further listens. The vinyl copy offers you a readily available MP3 code, and remains as a one record package (not too much flipping to break the mood).pparent 'theme of illusions' from the hypnotic picture sleeve to the inner MP3 code. Some people hop onto the idea vinyl is superior, yes many times an old analog recording defeats its digital semi-counterpart (notice not counterpart), but with most new music vinyl isn't in mind for its quality but for its recent collectible nature. Yes you may still find some gems (Stan Ricker still works hard for vinyl releases), keep this in mind though the CD equivalent doesn't sound very different at all. The extra bass many speak of is probably since their turn table is plugged into the phono input. Sometimes we luck out though and a group makes sure the vinyl release does indeed sound better, even when unmentioned. So we gamble for sound quality, or just accept the aesthetics vinyl brings to the table. This album doesn't take a plunder if the quality is degraded so much as the production as mentioned earlier is glossy but was made that way.     The vinyl copy is just one record, five tracks on each side. As mentioned with the orange hype sticker on the shrink wrap (aside from the hits) this copy is 'enhanced' with a free MP3 code on the inside. The MP3 is fine, yes it sounds tinnier but the sound quality AGAIN isn't the big deal on the album so much as the odd production (which AGAIN works well for this album). There is no normal insert; the backside of the picture sleeve takes care of the lyrics and other notes.    At the end of the day MGMT offer a relaxing album, where production isn't in your face, the songs aren't too long, and the arrangements are intriguing upon further listens. The vinyl copy offers you a readily available MP3 code, and remains as a one record package (not too much flipping to break the mood).
1416562605|4.0|Main character and narrator Balram Halwai dubs himself The White Tiger after a school inspector, impressed by his answers, compares him to one and gives him a scholarship. Unfortunately, because of family finances, his father forces him to work anyway. But through a stroke of luck (and a bit of bravado), he gains employment better than would be expected based on his caste as a chauffer to a wealthy Bangalorian. The White Tiger tells his tale in letter form addressed to the Premier of Beijing because he's heard the man (p 2) \\"wants to know the truth about Bangalore,\\" and he believes he's the best man for the job.<br /><br />While driving his employer, Mr. Ashok, around he learns how to deal with unfortunate circumstances, make a buck, and, because of his socioeconomic status, that he'll be expected to take the fall should such circumstances arise. TWT becomes privy to certain unethical behaviors of his boss and before the story is over, the sneaky, sometimes funny entrepreneur commits a crime - one likely to have far-reaching, negative affects on his family. The White Tiger is a unique, entertaining, story with intriguing characters. Better: A Fine Balance by Rohinton Mistry and Interpreter of Maladies by Jhumpa Lahiri.
0330449605|2.0|The book lacked continuity.  Too much of Nell's background just \\"came to pass\\" without any real discovery.
6305428220|3.0|I have this movie on vhs tape. I just watched half of this movie on tv. I was interested to see how others rated this movie. I don't know any of the actors names right off hand, but there are some very good actors in the movie. The football coach character was in Terminator two and also in the X Files. He was an excellent character in the flick. John Stewart was also quite good in his role as a teacher. The actress who played \\"Lilith\\" or Frasier Crane's wife on Cheers was quite good. And how could she not be great. She is extremely SEXY. I think she's a powder keg. The spanish actress who was also a teacher, was good in the flick.     The cast of young stars did pretty well as high school students. However, I didn't think the girl who played the alien \\"Queen\\" brought much to the movie at all. The idea of killing the aliens with some \\"skat\\" is fairly lame, but I guess it could work. What was that substance anyway, cocaine? Not much really happens in this flick. The best action occurs in the school itself.     The movie is a BLATANT ripoff of Invasion of the Body Snatchers. If this bothers you then you will probably give the movie a low grade. Personally I didn't even think about the Body Snatchers when I saw this flick. Only later did I realize how this movie really did just rehash that same plot.     The movie is pretty good I feel. I'm giving it three stars because it borrowed so much from Invasion of the Body Snatchers. I must say though that these aliens stole bodies in an entirely fresh manner. It's not like they used pods and all.
B0002KPIQY|5.0|ive seen this movie before which is why i bought it...it's awesome. Jolie did am amazing job.
B001DDBCUK|5.0|If you are a fan of the show you MUST see this movie ..I cant wait for the next one they are talking about
B00007LTIA|5.0|I first bought this album in January of 1974. I was a huge Yes fan and got an import from the UK prior to its US release. I loved the album from the get-go. Decades later I began collecting Japanes cardboard sleeve CDs and I bought TFTO. I thought the Japanese pressing was very good. Recently I acquired a new 2009 remaster from Japan. I put it on and was astonished to discover a totally different beginning to Revealing Science Of God! I have read no revues of the Rhino 2003 remasters that mention this so I don't know if this is peculiar to the Japanese re-issues or not. Anyway, it starts with a dull roar similar to crashing ocean waves or a jet engine. Slowly a single note comes from the background. After about 2 minutes Jon Anderson comes in with the familiar \\"Dawn of light....\\" At first I thought I had a defective CD until I listened to the entire track. Very cool. Apperently back in 1973 Eddie Offord accidently cut the tape and spliced back blank tape rather than the portion that contained the 2 minute intro. Now, after all of these years it has been restored. The newly remastered Japanese cardboard sleeves come in covers that replicate the structure of the original UK albums with the neon pink Atlantic labels, green and orange (from '72 on) and the original custom labels from TFTO on. This is in the same style as the Led Zeppelin 40th anniversary box from Japan that was released domestically The Yes titles are SH-M which stands for Super High Material (The Zeppelin titles were SH-M in Japan but the domestic imports from there apparently are not). It's a new manufacturing process used in Japan where the same plastic is used to make the CD that's used for LCD and plasma TV screens. It gives almost 0 laser reflection and produces a much more life-like sound especially with vocals. Pricey, I bought mine directly from Japan for $34.00 US but it was worth the shell-out for the extra quality!
B001KVZ6F2|4.0|Walt is a foul-mouthed, bigotted, ex-autoworker, veteran of the Korean war. The movie starts with his wife's funeral. The funeral brings in Walt's estrangement with his family and grandchildren. Walt bemoans that his neighborhood is becoming non-white. What the movie does well is portraying how Walt is brought into a relationship with the Hmong family next door. The movies exposes the bigotry of Walt, but what Walt respects most is character. The kid next door is a doormat, but he show compassion for his neighbor. Tau's sister, is spunky and brave, and Walt learns to respect and like her. Walt gets pulled into their community because they need him and in turn he needs them. Food plays a key role in this movie like it does in most communities.     All the acting is superb. The movie is deadly serious, but there are some really funny scenes in the movie. Walt's relationship with his barber is hilarious. The relationship with the old lady next door is funny as well.    The continuing dialog between Walt and the persistent priest is very good. Walt dislikes the priest at first, but Walt starts to admire him for his intelligence and compassion.     This movie confronts bigotry far better than \\"Crash\\" and without all the heavy moralizing and coincidences. This movie gives its characters actual personalities and intelligence not just cariacatures.    Clint looks old in the movie, but he creates a very memorable character. The movie has very limited special effects, no flashbacks, and limited conversation. The movie centers mostly on Walt with very few side trips. The movie really works with the sparse direction.
B000002UB3|4.0|Okay so after hearing their earlier albums, this one was very unsettling. They did not really sound like the Beatles but more like individual artists. Every song is good but it doesn't feel like an album but more of a collection of songs, even with the segues in the B side. The first time I heard Abbey Road I honestly did not like it because it was not being held together by anything, again even with the segues on the B side.    Overall a good album but not one by the Beatles but one by John, Paul, George and Ringo.
B00004VYN7|3.0|I never saw this movie when it came out. I just saw it last week. The special affects were good. They made Gotham look like New York in the 1940's. The acting was superb and the music gives the perfect move. Danny Devito is totally disgusting as the penguin.He is really ghoulish looking & bites a guy in the nose and blood gushes out.I love his little duck car he drives all around in and the circus minions he has doing his dirty work.   Michelle P. plays catwoman like I pictured her:dangerous,sexy,mysterious,a little testy when people push her over the edge, but sweet only when she wants to be.  Christopher Walken was weirder than usual and made me laugh.   Why didn't I give this a higher rating you ask? Michael Keaton, was a great Batman and he is barely in this movie. Why is this ? All the screen to goes to everyone else.Its like they forgot him to give a major part in the film and made him into a cardboard cutout. The plot is lumpy and overun with too many characters,no of who we know that well. Also if you have kids under 8 ,they probably shouldn't see this movie. Unless of course,you want them spending the night in bed with you.  That being said it isn't horrible,just not fabulous like 1988 BATMAN.(Batman and Robin was truly horrible)
B000002AHM|5.0|PERFECT TRANSACTION! No complaints, and would do it all over again !!! AWESOME !!! :-)
B0028K3192|3.0|It's not bad, you just won't feel the earth move. After all that time away, I expected more than 8 tracks; #9 is an instrumental....uuummmmm okaaaay. I mean #9 is nice, but-ur-um... I didn't buy the CD to listen to the band; at least not without the lyrical accompaniment of Maxwell. I don't get that. I feel like I'm due at least 3 more tracks. Really, like somebody somewhere owes me $3 bucks. I mean what artist of this caliber puts out a CD with 8 songs? I'm sorry ya'll I just feel somewhat pimped..the cost of this should have been $8.95 out the gate. Nevertheless, this CD has to grow on you because the other songs won't hit you like Pretty Wings. I like Bad Habits, Love You, Fistful of Tears and PlayingPossium after a few listens. Overall it's a decent CD.
0307383415|2.0|I bought the book because I really wanted to know our president.  It was an ok read, but got very boring at times.  I am glad I read it to truly understand his background, but not the greatest read.
0307269981|5.0|It's difficult to write a review of The Girl Who Played with Fire without sounding like some dramatic, amped-up voiceover for an action flick.  Many cliches come to mind when thinking about the book but none of them do it any sort of justice.  This is a very visceral work that grabs the reader from page one and doesn't even let go at the book's conclusion.  In fact, that conclusion is guaranteed to provoke a response of, \\"That's the end?\\", leaving the reader to wish that the third installment was instantly available.<br /><br />Larsson's first book, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, dealt with the world of corporate greed and introduced us to the character of Lisbeth Salander.  That book was cagey with the details of her life but The Girl Who Played with Fire fills in all those holes.  I wouldn't dream of spoiling the book for someone who hasn't yet read it so suffice it to say that the details are shocking and provide a very in-depth understanding of what has driven Salander over the years.  She is one of the most unique characters in contemporary literature.  Larsson handles her with great deftness and the reasons behind her special brand of morality become very understandable as the novel progresses.  The reader can't help but sympathize and empathize with Lisbeth--which she probably would hate.<br /><br />Though this book deals with an outwardly more misogynist topic--sex trafficking--the theme of misogyny is carried over from the first book and this is where Larsson is at his best.  Modern society would like to think that times have changed and though Larsson's novel is a work of fiction, it serves to reflect how pervasive misogyny is in today's world.  His novel is something of an expose of the prevalence of violence against women and a statement of how deeply sexism is ingrained into the world's cultures, even those in which the rights of the sexes are ostensibly equal.  Fighting against this is Salander's particular crusade, one that threatens to consume her very being.<br /><br />And yet sexism is only one part of the equation.  The book also carries a strong theme of prejudice against homosexuals.  While the events of both novels revolve around murder mysteries they are, at heart, novels about racism and prejudice in its various forms.  Larsson vividly illustrates how prejudice affects not only the treatment of those subject to it, but how that prejudice affects the justice they receive.  No one is safe from this criticism as Larsson's novels take on the justice system, the press, and everyday people.  There is an important statement here about how racism and prejudice lead to the pollution of society from within.<br /><br />The pacing of the novel is beautiful and the new characters are fascinating.  Though the first novel in the series was very well-written and engrossing, this novel is even better.  The subject matter is arguably more explosive and the events in the lives of the characters take on an even greater urgency than they did in the first.  Larsson's novels aren't so much mystery novels as they are platforms for exploring the darker side of human nature and human nature doesn't get much darker than in The Girl Who Played with Fire.  Rarely does a novel live up to all the hype surrounding it but this one deserves every one of the raves it receives and then some.nd yet sexism is only one part of the equation.  The book also carries a strong theme of prejudice against homosexuals.  While the events of both novels revolve around murder mysteries they are, at heart, novels about racism and prejudice in its various forms.  Larsson vividly illustrates how prejudice affects not only the treatment of those subject to it, but how that prejudice affects the justice they receive.  No one is safe from this criticism as Larsson's novels take on the justice system, the press, and everyday people.  There is an important statement here about how racism and prejudice lead to the pollution of society from within.    The pacing of the novel is beautiful and the new characters are fascinating.  Though the first novel in the series was very well-written and engrossing, this novel is even better.  The subject matter is arguably more explosive and the events in the lives of the characters take on an even greater urgency than they did in the first.  Larsson's novels aren't so much mystery novels as they are platforms for exploring the darker side of human nature and human nature doesn't get much darker than in The Girl Who Played with Fire.  Rarely does a novel live up to all the hype surrounding it but this one deserves every one of the raves it receives and then some.
B001EO748M|5.0|Season 2 took The Tudors to where the first season was headed, the crowning of Anne Boelyn as queen and her beheading after she failed to produce a male heir for the king.  The story is most compelling.  The actors and actresses on the show do a wonderful job as well as directors, set and costume designers etc.  It's sad that The Tudors doesn't get more love from the Emmys but I know there is a lot of competition out there.  The show is great to watch and well developed from beginning to end.  No dry spots.  And surprise, surprise, the third season after all the drama, is even better!  Great show.
0307386171|2.0|Atonement is one of my favorite books, and I worship Ian McEwan.  But Chesil Beach was a big letdown.  McEwan's writing is of course gorgeous, he shows that decisions have consequences, and the characters are believable, but..eh.     Because I think so highly of McEwan, I was disappointed by the scaled down ambitions of this book.  A couple in the sixties get married, have bad sex and go their separate ways.  Snoozefest.     I find it hard to believe that nobody knew anything about sex at that point in the 60s in England - I was not convinced that the female character could really be that pure as the driven snow.  If the people in Atonement were having perfectly good, not-so-shameful sex in pre-WWII English high society, are we really to believe that sex would be quite so mysterious and revolting in the liberal sixties?  Give me a break.  Do you know how many divorces there would be if a woman left her husband every time he left her unsatisfied in bed?  No one would be married.     Wake me up when McEwan regains his ambition and starts writing books worthy of his name.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I originally decided to try this workout because i had plateaued with my gym routine of jogging and weights.  The added strength, cardio, and abs moves really switched it up good. within 3 week of doing the dvd almost every day i had lost 3 inches in my waist.      The only thing i would recommend to anyone who does this dvd is added some extra warm up and cool down stretches in the beginning and end.  I do have tendinitis in 1 of my knees pretty bad and only doing a minute of stretching left me stiff and a little sore.  when i added some extra stretching on my own i felt alot better after.    Overall i;m very pleased with this dvd and find the workouts very intense, which is what i like. if you don;t like intense workouts you will no like this dvd.
0307388840|5.0|Since people here have already provided excellent reviews of the book itself, I would just add that I read it five years ago and I still remember reading the last page.  I remember where I was when I read the last page.    I remember fighting back tears and almost feeling disoriented, because the book had touched me so deeply.  This book is an incredibly moving meditation of life and art, loss and regret.  The book spoke to me about human frailty, as well as art as an act of compassion, despite its limitations.      I don't think there are many writers today that can match McEwan's gift of language, and the Dunkirk passages are incredible.  Easily one of the best books I've ever written, a book that will stay with me forever.
B0000B1OFL|5.0|Mini is a great car!! And the movie was fantastic!! Mark, I love you :D
B0028SVXR6|5.0|I love it.  Along with Frances the Mute and Bedlam in Goliath, this is my favorite mars volta album.  Sure, when they're live the noise from other cds' songs and their improv is great.  But for a cd, I want to hear something resembling a song.  Octahedron still sounds like Mars Volta; it's just mars volta playing songs.
0375826726|2.0|I started reading Paolini's Inheritance (then a trilogy) when Eragon first came out.  I thouroughly enjoyed it and subsequently Eldest.  Both books are very entertaining.  I do have some issues with Paolini's writing, and feel in many ways he has gotten a free ride to publishing.  Some time and experience would have done him a great service.  His books are not particularly well written, nor very original.  Many plot points are practically direct copies of Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, Pern and even some Harry Potter.  None the less, in spite of all this, I still had fun with the first two books.    Brisingr, on the other hand, was a struggle.  You can tell this one is a middle book; and it made me concerned that the decision to extend the 'cycle' was a grave error.  Nothing of much import occurs.  Events just continue with little fluctuation (increase or decrease) from Eldest.  The other issue is that if anything Paolini's writing seems to have devolved, particularly in areas of characterization.  The other two books had life and vigor, this one just drags.    The majority of the plot centers around Eragon's continuing education with the elves and his need to find a way to defeat Galbatorix.  It also focuses on Nasuada's continuing struggle to maintain control over the Varden and make a difference in their war.  Eragon must find a weapon, furtner his understanding of magic and discover why Murtag and Galbatorix are so unnaturally powerful.  That's pretty much it.  Unlike the other two, there just was not driving need or plot in this one...it gives the reader (probably) necessary information for the future, but in the end fails to be more than exposition.    It has its momements, but Brisingr doesn't deliver.  Its only success is that it makes me want the last book, to see if any of it had any worth.
055358202X|2.0|Simply put, George Martin has been in the fits of terrible writers block for some time.  I recognize it, because I live the nightmare.  Why he felt the need to be dishonest and say that he split the books to keep their length down is anyone's guess.  I am upset at his decision to do so for two reasons: 1)I feel a close connection with the characters and the desire to know their fate is very real for me and hasn't been sated for several years now, and 2)the author obviously fibbed when his readers would likely have accepted an honest but delayed attempt to attain the literary successes of his past. This series has been incredible until this entry.  I'm sure that you know that, Mr. Martin.  The interwoven strands were a part of the magic.  Give us more of the tale soon and be straight with us in the future.
B000W799NU|3.0|Like the first film in the series, Chamber of Secrets is one of the weakest of the six so far.  Yes you can excuse them for being young, but there are other issues as well.  The acting in this movie is somewhat forced, and always just a little off the mark.  You can tell the actors are really trying to pay attention to their cues...reactions and lines are not natural, but either delayed or rushed.      This you can all put down to experience.  I admire the HP movies for keeping the actors and letting them grow with the films...and in that sense it makes their earlier work more bearable.  But unlike Sorceror's Stone, the overall filming is not that great for this one.  Scenes seem choppy and cobbled together.    The movie is still quite enjoyable, with its fair moments of humor (watch for Ron and the spiders!)...it still doesn't measure up to the films after, but that's okay; in the end I find I just cannot watch the first two films as frequently.
0385342020|5.0|Twenties Girl wasnt anything like Kinsella's other books. It's a bit different but I still loved it! Both Lara and Sadie were well developed characters who made me laugh out loud and they made a great team. I was sad to see it end. I cant wait for Kinsella's next book!
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|Halfway through this movie, I went to the bathroom to throw up. That essentially describes both the nausea-inducing camera work and the nausea-inducing lack of plot, sensibility, or character in Abrams' movie. Some claim that the lack of explanation of the monster's origin, motives or character are a convincing portrayal of 21st century angst. Myself, I think it's just bad writing. And who cares whether these whiny socialites live or die - I was rooting for the monster the whole way through.
B000TEVIO4|5.0|Wow.  I can't believe how good this album is.  This will be at the top of my playlist for a long time.  It's an early 90's album, but is only dated in the sense that you don't hear creative rock like this anymore.  Wish I had discovered it as a teenager when it came out, but apparently The Verve was a gem that had to be sought out.  The sound is fluid, enveloping and beautiful, yet still rocks...perfect for when you want to feel calm, or intense, or both.
B001PPGAIA|4.0|Better than the reviews it got, Australia is a charming if quirky portrayal of love and rebellion in World War II northern Australia. Nicole Kidman plays a British widow who takes over her husband's cattle ranch, the only surviving competitor to the nasty monopolist King Carney. Jackman's The Drover is the rugged individualist and friend of Aborigines who helps her fight. David Wenham is the embodiment of pure evil that's the result of capitalist oppression, and the narrator (a \\"half-caste\\" Aboriginal boy who is learning his grandfather's shamanism) is beautiful both to watch and listen to.<br /><br />Luhrmann exhibits his quirky directing style in eliciting an almost melodramatic acting style that works under the circumstances. Less successful is his penchant for randomly injecting anachronistic popular music into the action). But he persuasively illustrates the evil of the lust for profit, Marxist class struggles, racism and colonialism that remain part of the Australian heritage.
B0019LY5IM|5.0|Lost is my favorite show. Easily. Season five is the one where they do all the time travel stuff. I love time travel stuff, but to be honest with you I was skeptical at first when they announced that the season would deal heavily in time travel. They had touched on time travelling style issues in previous seasons, with Desmond, but actual, physical time travel seemed like a major shark jump.<br /><br />Well, luckily they handled it in a way that only LOST could, and the result is incredibly interesting, and even works its way into fold of Lost mythology without a hitch. Three episodes in particular are among my all time favorites of the series...<br />THE JUGHEAD- in which the gang goes back to 1954 and meet seventeen year old Ellie, a super cute vixen with a super cute (but b*tchy) face.<br />HES OUR YOU- a fantastic mind trip involving Sayid getting revenge on Ben thirty years in the past and..<br />FOLLOW THE LEADER- the peak of time travel madness and smoke monster antics rolled together in one and featuring a now forty year old Eloise Hawking who is super hot and could put handcuffs on me anyday. Seriously Ellie Hawking could detonate my Jughead, like woah! Even the seventy year old Eloise has a sort of sex about her ...in a weird, cosmic wisdom of time sort of way... Too bad she's such an obsessive,,, like to an almost insane degree... but that is how it goes with this show. Lots of weird wild stuff going down in season five... just another gem in the mix!
B00177Y9ZC|1.0|Second only to Cloverfield in the list of movies I officially wish I had never wasted my time on. Hayden Christiansen may be this generation's Keanu Reeves. That is not a compliment.
1592332803|5.0|I love the recipes from this book. I've tried the cake recipes from the book. They are delicious and are great to impress your friends, family and your date.     I made the chocolate cake for a non-vegan friend's birthday and everyone loved it.     As a vegan you miss out a lot when there is a reason to celebrate. So gift this to your family before you go to their place for the holidays and you are guaranteed to have a great time.
B00005QGAT|5.0|Off the Wall is the first solo album of Michael Jackson featuring big names as Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder (and of course Quincy Jones!). In this Special Edition you can listen to the pure talent of Michael in the studio performing with poor objects (like a glass bottle) the demo versions of two hits of his. Compare the demo (included!) and the final version: here's a pure talent expressing!  You must have this record. Also included interviews explaining the way Michael worked and his approach to the record. The next Album will be the top seller Thriller!
0545128285|4.0|Having read some of the reviews of this book it became evident to me that some people were not aware of what they were getting.  This book is a collection of 5 short fairy tales or more accurately fables.  Complaints of lack of depth and intrigue will show up frequently in the lower reviews.  It is a quick read with 5 stories that aren't very deep or fleshed out - most fables aren't.  Likewise, some complain that the stories are too graphic for kids.  I will say that one story may be a bit gory for little kids.  If your kids have read the Sorcerer's Stone this should be no problem.  I believe this book is targeted for kids 1-2 years younger than the those who would first read the Sorcerer's Stone.  If you pay full price, be aware that you are supporting a charity with the funds and the value of the book goes up.  Otherwise, the time taken to read the book versus the cost may make you think that you were getting taken.  Enjoy this book for what it is: A short collection of fables with a light dash of comedy - not another Harry Potter book.
1584282584|5.0|This book is right to the point just as the title implies.<br /><br />Through simple, easy to compare before and after photographs, it is evident that proper use of flash photography can enhance most photographs. Seeing is believing and you can't argue with his photographic samples.<br /><br />Well worth the money
B0018BB21G|5.0|Great CD.  Not one song I do not like.  Wonderful music, wonderful band.
B0029358HG|4.0|Another home run from the Chicago-based, alt-rockers. If you are an old fan or a new listener, this album is for you!
0307454541|4.0|Mikael Blomkvist, editor, is engaged to look into the unsolved disappearance of a 16 year old girl almost 40 years earlier.  Harriet Vanger disappeared from the family estate on Hedeby Island in Sweden.  Her uncle, Henrik, now aged in his eighties engages Blomkvist to investigate Harriet's disappearance under cover of writing a book about the family.  Lisbeth Salander, a freelance investigator originally engaged to complete a background check on Blomkvist, becomes involved in the investigation.<br /><br />The characters of Mikael Blomkvist and Lisbeth Salander are engaging, and their skillsets are complementary.  There is a chemistry between the two as well which adds to the story, and (I hope) lays a foundation for the remainder of the trilogy.<br />This is a dark novel. While investigating Harriet's disappearance, Blomkvist and Salander find connections between violent murders of women.  In order to solve the disappearance, Blomkvist needs to delve into Vanger family secrets.  The disappearance of Harriet seems to be a closed-room mystery, but the story leads both the investigators and the readers far outside Hedeby Island.<br /><br />This is a complex, sprawling novel which I read over two days.  It would be ideal, I think, to read on a long plane trip. In my reading, the investigative skills of Blomkvist and Salander were augmented rather than hijacked by their commentary on social issues such as the individual's responsibility for actions taken.<br /><br />Stieg Larsson died shortly after delivering three novels, an intended trilogy entitled `Millenium' , to his Swedish publisher.  This is the first novel: I am looking forward to the others.<br /><br />Jennifer Cameron-Smith
B0013N3DSE|5.0|The ultimate Errol Flynn swashbuckler.  Olivia de Havilland in all her glory.  A milestone in Technicolor photography.  THE ADVENTURES OF ROBIN HOOD is all this and more.  Based on the original Robin Hood ballads and stories, we follow Robin Hood (Errol Flynn) as he fights the corrupt rule of Prince John (Claude Rains) and Sir Guy (Basil Rathbone), and wins the fair hand of Lady Marian (Olivia de Havilland).<br /><br />Warners originally intended ROBIN HOOD to be a vehicle for James Cagney, after he played Bottom in their all-star production of \\"A Midsummer Night's Dream\\" in 1935.  When he later walked away from the studio following a dispute, the part went to virtual unknown Errol Flynn who'd scored a surprise critical and financial success in \\"Captain Blood\\" that same year.  Olivia de Havilland, Flynn's \\"Captain Blood\\" leading lady, was reunited with him for what would be their second of eight wonderful co-starring assignments.<br /><br />This is a movie that we really couldn't appreciate fully until the Blu-Ray release.  The BD uncovers all the tiny details in sets and costumes, like the green crushed velvet of Errol Flynn's cape, the sheen on Basil Rathbone's blue satin collar; and the ruddy complexions of the actors.  This is the exact same Ultra Resolution print that was seen in Warner's most recent double-disc Special Edition DVD set, but the upscaling to BD brings this masterpiece to life in a way that we have never really experienced before.<br /><br />The stacked extras are identical to the standard Special Edition DVD release but are very worthwhile.  Highlights include the TCM documentary \\"Glorious Technicolor\\" narrated by Angela Lansbury which charts the history of the greatest colour film photography system; and \\"Welcome to Sherwood!\\", an exhaustive documentary detailing the history and production of the ROBIN HOOD shoot.
B0011N1WE8|4.0|I've read some reviews @ 'Rottentomatoes.com' and someone there picked up on the same issue I have with these sorts of movies: in the end, the actress is always beautiful [even with the nose on she's still Christina Ricci: pretty] - so what does that really tell unattractive people like myself?  That I can feel really good about how I look even though I can't take my face off in some make-up trailer at the end of the day? And even the Fairy Tale books; it's always Beauty and the Beast, or Sleeping Beauty and the Handsome Prince - never Unredeemingly Ugly Girl and the Gosh-Awful Prince.  Have you ever seen America Ferrara on the Red Carpet?  She doesn't look anything like the character she plays on 'Ugly Betty'.......why?  because she has to show up at industry functions and she has to be beautiful.  This being said, I still liked the visual design of this film and the actors were very competent. I would recommend this film on those merits, not the social message being attempted.
0553565915|2.0|I bought this book several years ago at a thrift store. After I finished reading it I threw it away. This story is a mixture of Christianity and New Age beliefs. The part where she meets the being of light is where I became skeptical. From what I remember the being never said he was Jesus Christ, she assumed it was Him which is dangerous. For all we know it may have been Lucifer who can also appear as a being of light. And her revelation that it doesn't matter what faith you believe isn't biblical at all. I kind of wish I still had the book so I can look up whether the 'being' told her that or she came to that conclusion on her own. I don't remember much of the book but those 2 points alarmed me.
B00284BMBM|3.0|I LOVED the first one, play it all the time.  Counted down the days to this release, couldn't wait for it!  Very disappointed, it's missing the 'rock' sound that the first one had.  By that, I mean the bass is just not there, it's tuned out or something.  I almost looked at investing in a new stereo system for my car until I listened to it on several different audio systems, and yep, it's just 'missing'.  Way more pop sounding than rock and what a shame for him not to have displayed more of his voice and the bands talents with a heavier rock sound.  The first track is the heaviest of the entire cd and even it is disappointing.  The bass just isn't there when you expect it to kick in.  Wish they would remix this and put it back out with more of a 'rock' sound instead of 'pop' to please those of us that prefer the rock over the pop.
031606792X|5.0|I have enjoyed reading all of the books in the \\"Twilight\\" series, including \\"Breaking Dawn.\\" In my opinion, the author does a brilliant job of developing the characters and the plot in an intelligent, engaging way that not only kept my attention, but made it hard to put the books down. Even though I am older than the intended audience, I truly appreciated how captivating and \\"clean\\" the (overall) story is, without distasteful language or explicit content, but not lacking passion and excitement. I usually check out most books from the library, but I am glad I own the \\"Twilight\\" series books because I will read them again, share them with others, and encourage my daughter to read them when she is a teen, too! \\"Breaking Dawn\\" will not disappoint!
B001AVCFJM|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie. The movie stayed true enough to the original films,  keeping with the Star Trek theme and making the show easily recognizable.  They did NOT take a classic and butcher it beyond all comprehension.  However, there was also enough of a twist, (Lost fans will recognize the style) that the audience was seeing something new.  My favorite part (outside the plot line) was that they used special effects appropriately.  They producers did not throw the effects in to say \\"Look what we can do!\\" but rather they used them as an enhancing accessory.  Very well done!
1439136653|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much from the very first sentence to the very last. It is so well written and the plot is great. I felt sympathy with the main character Ram Mohammad Thomas and I enjoyed reading about his adventurous life in India. And the end is brilliant! This book is quite simply a pleasure to read! It is one of my favorites.
B0000TB014|5.0|Excellent Video.  Definiately the one to have.  Great Michael Jackson history in Video
B001GJ3VYG|5.0|This item arrived in a relatively short time, in excellent condition as described. The price was very reasonable. I'm quite satisfied with this transaction.
0307266303|5.0|There are a few slow points-- very few. Mostly a page-turner of a book, and what could be the Big Bang of a new running revolution.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|I love this CD!  It's got the best of the Jackson 5 plus the greatest hits of all time from the King of Pop...Michael Jackson. You will enjoy this CD's over and over again! It's the best buy I've made.
031606792X|5.0|As a warning there are some spoilers in here...I just finished the final installment of the Twilight series and am a bit surprised by some of the reveiws written here. I felt the only real flaw was the length of this novel, and for that matter most of the series. While I do appreciate an author who decribes her characters, their surroundings, their relationships and all other necessary elements parts of this book were just way too drawn out. Other parts, such as the beginning were too short. We delved into three long books and would have liked a little more work up to the wedding and honeymoon. It would have been nice to see just a bit more of Edward and Bella after they married but before her pregnancy. Yes, the delivery was quite gruesome but I think that compliments the author on her descriptive writing. I really believe almost a hundred pages could have been cut out if the author would have edited just a bit of the time Bella was pregnant and the work up to the visit from the Italian vampires. While I felt she could have been much more succinct, I loved everything else.   The world is full of sad stories I read books to suspend belief and have everything turn out \\"happy.\\" Not sure when happily ever after became an ending we did not want. I enjoyed the development of the other Cullen vampires in the book and thought that Bella's gift suited her well. I would love to hear more about Carlise and Esme...maybe in a sequel which is a prequel.   There is something about Mrs. Meyer's writing that makes it virtually impossible to put down the book. The chapters are long but the pages just flow smoothly and you are drawn to continue reading the book.   I would highly recommend this book even to those who think they won't like a book about vampires...this is not a vampire book it is a romance about some very human vampires...there is quite a difference.   In closing I hope this isn't the last of we see of this series. I am hoping for that prequel and also hoping the authorfinishes   \\"Midnight Sun.\\" While I an totally understand her feelings surrounding the book after it was stolen from her, the fans of this author and this series want to hear all of Edward's side of the story. I am keeping my fingers crossed for some more Twilight books.
B00005JLEU|5.0|This movie is beautifully crafted with plenty to giggle at without the bang you over the head slapstick humor seen in most cartoons. This movie really draws you in and makes you forget you are not far away in a magical world. Definitely a favorite and probably one of the better Gihbli movies for younger children.
B000J10EQU|5.0|This truly ranks up there with the 1st two Superman films can't say the same about 3 and 4. I loved the part in this movie where Superman save the jet and on the balcony when the gunman shoots him in the eye and the bullet bounces off. That was really cool. I also loved some of the quotes they took from the 1st film. The only thing I'm iffy about is Superman having a 5 year old son and Lex and his goons beating up Superman he should've got up and kick some tail, but he got them back when lifting up the Kryptonite fotress which killed the goons and Lex and Kitty stranded on an island which was hilarious. This was ejoyable and a must for the ultimate Superman fan. All of you fan do yourselves a favor watch 1 and 2,skip 3 and 4 and go straght to this one.
B0006J28BO|4.0|This is another beautifully done imaginative story. It is not quite the classic of Spirited Away or Totoro but it is worth watching and quite humorous.
B001U0HBPG|2.0|Since the main character of the story is different from anyone who has ever lived, the burden was on the writer(s) to make him a person we can relate to.  But I couldn't relate to him because there was little development of even one strong, lifetime relationship.  His relationship with his adoptive mother isn't explored in depth, and he leaves his wife after a couple of years of marriage.  He hardly knows his father; his boss dies; he has a short term lover.  Benjamin Button is a man who allowed his differentness to shape his life at the crucial time when he needed to face it (ie., when he had a wife and daughter).  I only watched the full 2 1/2 hrs. so I could say I had seen the whole thing.
B0019X3ZZY|1.0|The Bottom Line:     A disgustingly bad combination of De Sade and Italian Fascism, the 120 Days of Sodom is quite frankly the worst movie I have ever seen (and I've seen over 2000); simultaneously pretentious (the director seems to believe that the 30 minutes or so during which characters eat human feces are a deep metaphor) sickeningly vile, and dull, it's basically the most depraved pornography you can imagine masquerading as an art film.     (no stars) out of 4
6305205620|2.0|First of all, I love 80's Metallica and thats why i gave the low rating.  If you like 90's Metallica, you'll love this.  If you're into 80's Metallica only, stay far, far away!  Audio/Video sounds and looks great on \\"Cunning Stunts\\".  Check out Binge and Purge Live in Seattle 89.  Blows this away!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000AM6JI|5.0|The Bottom Line:    Probably a better film that Scarface when you come right down to it (though certainly less iconic), Carlito's Way is an engaging drama about a criminal (Pacino in top form) trying to go straight that avoids the cliches you would expect, features a wonderfully scuzzy performance by Sean Penn as Pacino's lawyer, and has a couple of standout sequences (the pool hall scene is a truly great one); Carlito's Way is marred a little by its curious choice to show the ending first but it's really a fine film that's deserves a better reputation than it has.      3.5/4
B001QB9H1A|2.0|TRANS 2 was the high-water mark for these things, so I hoped this one would be even better, but this is pretty bad. The biggest problem is there are only three hand to hand combat scenes and only one of them is a standout. I love watching Jason Statham dishing out beat-downs, so I will continue to watch the TRANS series as long as they make them, but the things we want from one of these films are simply not here: there is only ONE woman in the whole film, the car chase scenes and stunts are not that great and there should be more fighting! Simple. The plot is of the let's-start-writing-and-see-what-happens variety and too much time is wasted trying to \\"get inside the mind of Frank Martin\\". Next time: more hot Euro chicks and more fights!
B0000YEEHG|3.0|The Bottom Line:    Persona feels more like a pet project of Bergman's than a film meant for mass consumption: it's consistently obtuse, mostly dull, and feels long even at under 90 minutes; unless you're a real Bergman aficionado then stay away from this very unpleasant film.    2.5/4
B00006LIRI|5.0|Starting out as a minor fugue, the ocean rolls in and the early morning rain in the sound ..........<br />this is one of the most amazing songs you will ever ever hear.
0743289692|1.0|After reading Infidel, I was shocked at how ignorant Ayaan Hirsi Ali was when it came to religion.  While I do not have a doubt about her experiences or the horridly conservative culture that she was forced to grow up in, it is her conclusions from this experience that completely negate an otherwise powerful message.<br /><br />I can appreciate the bitterness one lives with after such experiences, but I see this book as nothing more of an attempt to attack the religion of Islam.  She does not focus on the cultural aspect of what she had to endure, she does not attribute actions to individuals, and she laughably extrapolates her experiences in a country to the beliefs held by 1.3 billion individuals on earth.<br /><br />This book aims for shock value and is created for a specific audience - one that has a negative/accusational perspective of Islam, one that is painfully unaware of the Muslim world.  It is this audience that snatches up the book since it reinforces the negative perception.<br /><br />In summary, this book used Ayaan's childhood experiences as a platform to drum up continued animosity of Islam in the West and fan the flames of ignorance.
0060872675|3.0|If you are a Terry Pratchett fan, you'll enjoy this book. My daughter who is 3, wasn't that crazy about it, but I really liked it. Some of the characters like Coffin Henry are kind of gross looking, which might have been a turn-off for a girl who prefers fuzzy bunnies. I enjoyed it a lot.
0061703087|4.0|This had to be somewhat of a hard book to write, but Crichton manages to combine a scary tale with a bit of humor and a whole lot of mystery, bad attitude, and evil corporate shenanigans.<br /><br />As usual, this is a read page-turner.  Light, deft, and catchy, Crichton this time turns his attention to the science and danger (a danger I am concerned about as well, for the body might not handle these particles well; a recent report shows nerve damage from some types of these particles).<br /><br />Anyway, our tale this time finds Jack Forman hot on the trail of some mysterious goings-on in the desert of Nevada, where his wife has been toiling long hours, and behaving a bit strangely.  Forman needs to find out what's going on with her, and what has such a hold on her life.  Is it another man?  Luckily, there is an opportunity for him to go to the facility himself, and investigate.<br /><br />He finds a whole lot more going on than any time-worn love affair.  The firm his wife works for has been working on nanoparticles that self-replicate, and now have taken on a life of its own.  Jack's work with hive mentality, that is, the seemingly eerie capacity of bees and other groups of individually non-intelligent creatures to behave with more complex types of behavior than would be expected in a group, might work well in discerning what has allowed this mass of nanoparticles to act as intelligent as the humans who have designed them.<br /><br />It's scary as well, as the mass of particles is able to infiltrate the plant with little trouble, and to seize and destroy several unprepared employees.  The scenes in the cave the nanoparticles have holed up in are truly creepy.<br /><br />It's maybe not a five-star book because the concept that imparts a sort of intelligence to molecular-sized particles is a bit hard to believe.  The other bit of a failure is the mysterious company seems to be able come in and clean up 'messes' the nanoparticles inflict on populated areas, yet can't seem to get a handle on the fracas in the desert.<br /><br />All-in-all, recommended.  If you are a big Michael Crichton fan as I am, this will be a must read for you.  What a great writer he was!s in the desert.      All-in-all, recommended.  If you are a big Michael Crichton fan as I am, this will be a must read for you.  What a great writer he was!
B001PPLJIQ|1.0|While this is a fairly interesting, albeit somewhat predictable story, the movie would be worth viewing ONLY if it lasted about 20 minutes. I, who have lots of energy, felt as though I needed a nap after viewing \\"The Reader.\\"
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I absolutely love this prenatal fitness video. It is my favorite out of the many ones I've tried, and I do the 40 minute workout routine about 3 times a week. The best thing about it is that it is a *real cardio workout*. It is the only prenatal aerobics DVD that actually gets me sweating every time. I was quite athletic before I got pregnant, doing martial arts 2 times a week, high impact aerobics classes 2-3 times a week, and Pilates once a week. After I found I was expecting, several of those activities became unacceptable, and I had to look very hard to find a prenatal exercise video suitable for my fitness level. This DVD is it for me.    The 40 minute routine begins with an aerobic warm-up, then proceeds to about 20 minutes of dynamic, low-impact aerobic and strength moves that will get your heart pumping, energize your body, and work your muscles all at the same time. The routine includes several sets of squats, which will doubtless be helpful for me in delivery. After the aerobics section, exercisers proceed to floor moves to work the lower body and stretch.     The instructor is clearly experienced and has an easy-to-like personality which motivates me to keep going through the exercises. I love how the DVD is organized, with clear water breaks to make sure us pregnant ladies stay hydrated throughout the routine without having to stop the video. This is an amazing, safe, and challenging pregnancy workout and I would recommend it to anyone. I am greatly looking forward to trying the post-natal workout included in this set after I deliver.
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|This movie was so much fun.  Abba's music is great.  I was surprised to learn that the actors did their own singing.
0385342020|4.0|When I first started Twenties Girl, I thought oh no, Sophie Kinsella has lost her touch. I also thought this was an attempt to cash in on the paranormal romance craze. I shouldn't have been worried though. After reading 100 pages, she was right on track with a great paranormal Chick Lit story where her main character, Lara finds the true meaning of life with her great aunt, Sadie, helping in a ghostly form. I don't think anyone else can write Chick Lit like Kinsella, although I really enjoy her books written under her real name, Madeleine Wickham much better since they are a little darker in tone than the Shopaholic series.<br /><br />I really did enjoy this one and found myself staying up late to finish it. I was also a little sad that it was over and didn't leave room for a sequel.
0143038583|5.0|I am not a good reviewer, but I wanted to say a few things about this book.  I read it beacause someone started talking to me about the amount of corn in our diet and I thought it sounded really interesting.  He told me the title of the book he had read and I bought it.  It forever changed my view on food (no I didnt become a herbivore...) and the way much of our food supply is processed in the USA. I know I am asking more questions about what I eat and making changes because of what I have learned.<br /><br />  This book was excellently written and very descriptive. The audio book is also excellent.
B0002J4X1Q|5.0|This is the best modern zombie movie,zombies are basicaly the same as Romeros zombies but of course with a lot of new things.For zombie fans this is a lot better than the remakes they did of the classics,this is something new,and the sequels are good too.
0307266303|5.0|breezed through this book ... great read ... am now inspired to dig deep to run longer and faster ... well, longer mostly ... thought about 20 pages could've been cut out ... theoretical stuff about people evolving into runners ... aside from this clunk, the rest of the book is fantastic ... the author writes beautifully ... and talks about a wild assortment of characters who, if not based on real people, would be hard to believe ... reading about the leadville race was mesmerizing ... anyways, kudos to McDougall ... it's now one of my favorite books ... wish that pictures were included in the book, or at least a link to a website ... would love to see the photos that Luis' dad took during the 50 mile race ...
1600243916|4.0|I listened to Malcolm Gladwell's Outlier's on audio CD over the course of about ten days. For me, by far the most fascinating example in the book was saved until last: the story of Malcolm's mother. I wonder why the author (or publisher) chose to save this for the end of the book. I would have liked it at the beginning of the book.<br /><br />Further, the book could have really benefited from more examples that related to women. For a while, I thought Gladwell was going to get through the whole book without a single female example. Is the world really still so male-centric? I would have like more examples about women.<br /><br />Also, at times, the anecdotes seemed like they went on and on. It is possible to take the \\"show don't tell\\" rule too far. Next time, I'd like the author to cut to the chase a bit sooner, which would have allowed for more examples, which I would have enjoyed instead of the few sometimes extremely long examples he chose.<br /><br />What I liked about the book is that Gladwell didn't shirk his mission: to debunk the myth of rugged individualism and instead show us how many factors--age, when you were born, who your parents were, who is or was pulling for you, opportunities, whether or not you took advantage of opportunities presented to you, etc.--have as much, if not more, to do with success than sheer individual willpower.<br /><br />I think that context can be as important as sheer determination is a good message for these times. However, I think it's worth pointing out that there is something to be said for determination. And anybody who devotes 10,000 hours to anything is pretty darn determined. Certainly more determined than your average person.<br /><br />Gladwell makes it clear that determination alone is not enough when exceptional success is the goal. And this idea, I think, can give us all something to think about when reflecting back on our own advantages and disadvantages.<br /><br />The chapter on how assertive communication can make the difference between a safe airplane landing and an airplane crash seems like it could be a metaphor for just about anything--saving a marriage, a business, a friendship.<br /><br />I'm new to Gladwell's work and it looks like I'll be listening to his last three books in reverse order, which may be interesting in and of itself. I enjoyed listening to Outliers and I look forward to hearing more.ing and an airplane crash seems like it could be a metaphor for just about anything--saving a marriage, a business, a friendship.    I'm new to Gladwell's work and it looks like I'll be listening to his last three books in reverse order, which may be interesting in and of itself. I enjoyed listening to Outliers and I look forward to hearing more.
044024367X|3.0|On a friend's recommendation - I went to the book store and to Amazon and bought all of the Lee Child books and read them in order.  All are 4 or 5 star books, but by the time I got to this one, Jack got a little tired.  11 books and 11 years after leaving the Army, Jack Reacher is still a loner, a strange mix of  existentialist, nihilist, Buddhist, and vigilante, a person aimlessly roaming the U.S. in search of nothing, asking for nothing, only wanting to live for the moment that he can right some wrong, and kill a bad guy with the efficiency of a M1A1 Abrams tank at point blank range.  If you have read the 10 previous titles, read this one, but be warned, it is tedious, as the story line \\"a tale of two Colorado cities\\" Cheyenne Wells and Kit Carson, whoops, sorry - \\"Hope\\" and \\"Despair\\"  is not very believable, and the punch line is Child's most predictable yet.
0061767581|5.0|I'm an avid reader who likes fun stuff that I can relate to. I've never lived in LA or experienced stardom, but the wild nightlife, men, and partying were all just like reading about my girls. I thought the story and struggle the starlet goes through were also fun to read. Two thumbs up.
B001NXDSLQ|3.0|The restoration of this film is great but the directer's cut back in 1994 added 40 minutes and I think the film is bloated and too long. The additional footage to the closing Jimi Hendrix section is particularly too long and needs editing. I just wish Warners would release the original theatrical cut that played in 1970.  That film had better pacing.
B0017R5UAA|3.0|I'm not going to gush over Fleet Foxes debut album. I'm not going to give it four or five stars. I'm not going to say they are really original or something new.<br /><br />What I will say is that their debut album is competently done. Rough, repetitive, obscure. Crosby, Stills & Nash, The Beach Boys, The Byrds, The Band, The Grateful Dead, Animal Collective--they've all mined this musical style before Fleet Foxes.<br /><br />I'm not sure why Fleet Foxes have received all this adoration when really their debut is good, not fantastic, not bad. This band has room to grow into something more. Three stars means above average to average, and that's what the music is here.<br /><br />The good: \\"Sun It Rises\\", \\"White Winter Hymnal\\", \\"Ragged Wood\\", \\"He Doesn't Know Why\\", \\"Your Protector\\" and \\"Blue Ridge Mountains\\".<br /><br />The weak: \\"Tiger Mountain Peasant Song\\", \\"Quiet Houses\\", \\"Heard Them Stirring\\", \\"Meadowlarks\\" and \\"Oliver James\\".<br /><br />The band need to work on varying their song structures and musical style so that each song stands on its own. Next time.
B000001E8P|4.0|Let me say at the outset I am a Pulp novice--I got Different Class when I heard Jarvis Cocker compared to Ray Davies. This is obvious to my ears, as are echos--hell, sonic reverb --of Elvis Costello. Cocker is smart, litterate, and uses his words like 1000 needles. He obviously belongs to the great tradition of English songwritters with a feel for the acidic.<br /><br />And I'll tell you what: for what little I know, so far, I like this Cocker guy. REALLY like him. Forget for a  second about his perfectly crafted lines, his ability to write for different characters, his instinct for both the tragic and the cruel and how they work on the same level.  This guy is a master stylist. Glam, its here. Disco, you got it. New wave--can you say Nineteen Seventy Eight?<br /><br />But it is not just that he can create an album of all different styles. Cocker really seems to have absorbed his influences--and I'll bet you this guy has a house packed air tight with albums--so that they have become an organic part of his writting. Too many 90s bands tried to show they were hip by trying this or that style on their albums.<br /><br />But hearing Different Class, I can tell Cocker really doesn't think in genres. He just knows and has felt so much music, it emerges in his writting, from under his skin. He does not put his stamp on a style, he runs his DNA through a style.<br /><br />This album, of course, is a modern one, and has a big, loud, digital sound--your never going to mistake it for Village Green or My Aim Is Ture. But Different Class takes advantage of digital production, creating a deafening boom . It may not have the warmth of a Spector production, but that wall of sound is definately there. The more you listen, the more you hear. After its volume knocks you five steps back, you relax, hit the repeat button--what the hell DID I just hear?-and listen to the layers and layers and layers reveal themselves.<br /><br />You'll notice that I am going on and on about how this music works, even though I don't know it that well. That tells me that there is a lot here, and I am going to be listening to a lot more of it.<br /><br />I'll probably come back and say this deserves five starts. Give me and Jarvis a little listening time, and I will get back to you on that.hat well. That tells me that there is a lot here, and I am going to be listening to a lot more of it.    I'll probably come back and say this deserves five starts. Give me and Jarvis a little listening time, and I will get back to you on that.
0316044695|5.0|I loved this book!  It not only recuonts in great detail the ordeal of four Navy SEALS fighting for their lives in the mountains of Afghanistan, but dives deeper into the emotional trauma and everlasting affects of this ordeal for not only the sole survivor, but also the families and friends.
B0026NWBY2|4.0|George Harrison's new cd is great good selection of songs and the price was reasonable.
B001993Y2C|4.0|The bad news is that I agree with the majority, the packaging stinks.  It stinks in a lot of ways.  I wonder if the discs can become damaged over time by the silly sleeve system that they use and the difficulty in getting discs in and out.  The packaging does take up too much room.  Also, there is no way to know what is on each disc.    The good news is that the Blu-Ray looks and sounds great.  The first season is reportedly grainy and not as well done as subsequent years.  My observation is that the first year looks and sounds great.  Because I have a hearing loss this series has always contained dialog that has been difficult for me to hear.  The Blu-Ray discs are easier and clearer for me then the original series was to hear, at least to my ears.    This would have been a 5-star rating but for the packaging.  I would much rather have had packaging similar to that used in the Star Trek Boxed Set for Star Trek 1-6.  Those thin boxes were a bit skimpy, but were a far better option then what came with this set.
B000001Y16|5.0|not a bad song on here...my favorite is to live n die in la...and bomb first..........when 2pac kills the fa g got pu s sy mc's from the eastside!!
B000T2PRF2|5.0|If you like good music, especially the classics, you will love this CD/DVD combo.  Diana Krall has incorporated the best songs from her albums and added other songs that you will love. Along, on a separated dvd, is some of the most beautiful video put together to highlight her greatest hits. This is a must for all Diana Krall fans. It truly is wonderful.
0393312836|5.0|When I first picked up A Clockwork Orange I was immediately confused.  I read the first couple of pages and had no clue what the hell was going on but I kept reading - AND THANK GOD I DID!  Once I caught on to the slang (which didn't actually take too long)  I couldn't put the book down.  A Clockwork Orange will literally grab you and pull you into the story and won't let go!  This book is everything from hilarious to terrifying and everything in between.  And it makes you think!  What more could you want in a book?  Now stop reading reviews and pick up A Clockwork Orange!
0743290127|3.0|I've been looking forward to reading Chasing Harry Winston for a while. When I finally checked out the book at the library and looked to see what people said about the book before i cracked it open, I was surprised and already disappointed that not many people liked the book. I just figured I would start out the first 50-100 pages to see if I liked the book enough to continue. I enjoyed this book! It isn't my best summer read and I would give it 3 1/2 stars instead of 3 (can't do halves :(), but I would recommend this book to any reader that enjoys chick flicks! Its a really funny book and some of the chapters actually kept me on the edge of my seat! READ IT!!!
B0002XH9Z4|2.0|ordered july 11 2009 still waiting aug 1 2009 ...they better NOT raise my price
B000002H2H|5.0|I've been listening to Ride the Lightning for well over 20 years, and it hasn't lost one ounce of its unbelievable power or relevance.  There are few albums that I can say that about.  This one is sheer brilliance.    It's extraordinarily difficult to create a metal album which is raw yet well-structured, thrashing yet melodic, powerful yet not over-produced, and with dark yet non-alienating lyrics.  Ride the Lightning is all of that, and also has an incredibly consistent sound from the first song to the last, giving it the feeling that all great \\"albums\\" have, i.e. that it's a cohesive work as opposed to merely a collection of songs.    Metallica's two best albums are undoubtedly this one and Master of Puppets.  And if I were to be stranded on a desert island with only one of these, I would choose Ride the Lightning without hesitation.  MOP is a great metal album...but to me MOP is a bit more polished, a bit more \\"produced\\", and therefore just a touch less powerful.      Ride the Lightning, on the other hand, is just the right level of \\"raw\\".  The sound of the album is sharply cutting.  The rhythms are fast and relentless.  The overall feel is dark and brooding.  Listening to the album, you alternate between the feeling that you're getting your a$$ kicked to a sensation of riding a wave of pure power and energy (hence such a brilliantly titled album with apt cover art).    If you do not like this album, don't bother trying any other metal albums because this is as good as it gets.  And it's GOOOOOD.
B00275EGTC|5.0|In a distant future, we've conquered the energy crisis by mining helium 3 from the moon.  Sam Bell (Rockwell), astronaut and employee of Lunar, is at the end of his three-year hitch on the moon's surface and he's ready to go home to his wife and lovely daughter. It's about time. He's started talking to himself and he's clearly not well.     Sam awakens from an accident on the moon's surface with his memory damaged and his faithful robot attendant GERTY (voiced by Kevin Spacey) in attendance.  He seems both better and worse...lacking memory and motor skills yet in better physical shape.     Sam meets Sam and discovers he's been cloned.  A rescue mission (Eliza) is coming from the Earth, but the two men have a very short window of time to find out what has been done to them and how to survive -- if that indeed is possible.     Duncan Jones (David Bowie's son) is the director and original writer of this brilliant minimalist thought piece.  Scoring, timing, and casting all come together in one of the strongest sci-fi films I have seen since \\"Blade Runner.\\"  This is definitely one movie that's worth seeing on the big screen.  While production values are basic, some of the lunar shots are just not to be missed.  I'll definitely be buying the DVD and the soundtrack from \\"Moon\\" and hope to see Rockwell and Jones on the red carpet come next year.    Rebecca Kyle, August 2009
B001QGRIO8|5.0|When I first read the reviews for this last installment, I was a little bummed...thought I was going to be disappointed..But I had to finish the series....I read this book in like 2 days...I thought this last installement was the best with Eclipse in a close 2nd....  I don't understand why people are giving it a bad review..,.. I don't want to give anything away...but in Eclipse...you could figure out what was going to happen next in the series...... yes the middle to the end is a little fairytale like...BUT COME ON THE WHOLE SERIES IS LIKE A FAIRTALE!!! I loved it from the beginning to the end...I thought Ms. Meyer finally gave Bella a backbone.  Can't wait to see the next 3 in the series in the movies..
B001C3KCSY|4.0|The Refreshing Vocals and music style is really great.    Highly recommended for anyone who wants a change.. (the style and vocals are as different like chris cornell was)..
0765348276|1.0|Judging from the cumulative score, a lot of people like this book.  Good for them.  But it has some of the worst dialog I have ever encountered.  A typical example:    \\"Sorry about that,\\" Thomas said.  \\"I didn't mean to hold everyone up.  The fettuccine was excellent, but my lower intestine would apparently beg to differ.\\"    \\"Please feel free not to share such information in the future, Thomas,\\" Susan said.  \\"We don't know you that well yet.\\"    \\"Well how else will you /get/ to know me that well?\\" Thomas said.    Endless pages of this stuff.  If it sounds funny to you, buy the book.  Otherwise, save your money.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|Whether you're a veteran MJ fan or a new fan checking this out based on your curiousity, I have two words for you. BUY IT. It's completely magical in every way.  Do not fast forward a thing, or leave the room without pausing because you just may miss an amazing moment and this concert is chock full of 'em!  There is of course, plenty of lip-synching...which we can understand with all of the incredible dance but he is often singing live OVER his tracks which makes it much better. The highlight of this concert for me is Man in the Mirror....the finale....the exclamation, is when he does his famous \\"tornado spin,\\" which until this concert I was positive was just trick photography in his videos.  People.....your jaw will DROP!  He then begins singing 100% live, and it's the best part of the song. The voice, the SOUL, is absolutely echanting and gives me goosebumps everytime. No one can sing with such passion!
B0017HRCQU|5.0|granted, The Dark Knight had better PQ.<br /><br />Played on a Panasonic DMP-BD80 through a Yamaha RX-V683 and an HDMI splitter/amp to a Panasonic 50\\" plasma.<br /><br />The anniversary edition was offered at one point on a $15 special through Amazon  The extras are nice, but the movie is great, the PQ/AQ I thought was better than what the AVS blu-ray tier forum had rated it.  One extra: footage of the beginning of the Dark Knight was a nice addition.<br /><br />overall a GREAT value at $15, if you can get it...
B000F8O35U|5.0|We wore out the first DVD that we had. This is on of my grandchildren's favorite movies.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This album like all of Diana Krall's work is a joy to the ears. Her phrasing and execution of the standards is akin to Frank Sinatra's delivery. I bought this CD after hearing the cut \\"I've Got You Under My Skin\\" on the radio. Another standout on the CD is \\"When I Look In Your Eyes\\". All songs are smooth and silky, delivered by an incredibly beautiful lady, both physically and soulfully. If you love Diana Krall you will love this album and will want it in your collection. I am excited about her upcoming concert at the Hollywood Bowl (August 19, 2009) and will be there readily awaiting her blessing!
B0002858YS|2.0|Take away 80% of the creativity, melody and uniqueness of the Talking Heads and the Pixies, throw in some mid 80's glam rock, and you're left with the Killers.    Now it's not entirely a bad album- sometimes the vocals work, though more often than not the lead singer leaves me completely cold.      If people seriously think the Killers are one of the best bands from the last several years, I have to strongly disagree.  We need a band with a more original sound and definitely more creativity as far as vocal melodies and background arrangements go.  This is basically commercial rock similar to Green Day but slightly better, that's all.
0385341008|5.0|This was an intriguing and fascinating book based on history.  Deeply moving.  Even my husband thoroughly enjoyed this book.
0385342020|5.0|A thoroughly enjoyable book.    Initially, I thought this book was about as good as her others, but it was the thought provoking message towards the end of the story when our lead character goes back to the old folks home, puts on the 20's music and realises that these people lived, just in another time from the present.  My elderly father, who died recently, was trapped in his own world due to a series of strokes, but put music on and the smiles and memories came back.
1416500294|5.0|Avast, me hearties!     Capt Flint, th' most feared buccanneer on th' high sea be dead, an' Billy Bones, his first mate knows 'ere Flint buried his booty. Bones be a buccanneer who loves his rum an' when he drinks hisself t' Davy Jones' locker, 12-year-old Jim Hawkins comes upon Flint's map.  Jim an' his shipmates Doctor Livsey an' Mr. Trelawny, set sail fer riches an' adventure. But shi'er me timbers, thar's treachery afoot. Long John Silver, th' one legged buccanneer wi' a heart as black as a bilge rat's belly, be plottin' a mutiny. Jim an' his shipmates must look sharp an' fight t' stay alive on Booty Isle, arrr!    [...]
B000NA28I4|1.0|I read Eragon and the two proceeding books and am anxious for the fourth. I had eagerly awaited seeing eregon in theatres for a while. When I saw it, I was furious. They totally butchered the storyline and made all sorts of stupid errors. The list goes on and on and on and on and on so I'm not even going to start being specific. If you ask me, the movie, even if it had been a lot longer, would have been excellent if they had stuck to the book. They must have known that their main audience would be people who have read the book! Why didn't they just stick to the book? NOTHING MAKES SENSE ANYMORE!!! Everyone, EVERYONE I talked to hated the movie and would never buy or rent it. They probably lost millions on the utter piece of crap.
B001NLKXK2|5.0|this is one of the best books i have ever read.  anyone faced with this disease should read this book.  i cried through parts of it. very touching and thought provoking.
0307588335|1.0|Having worked in finance and knowing many at Lehman, I found this a painfully amateurish read.  Clearly the book was a rush job, a project where the publisher had trouble finding anyone who worked at Lehman to write the book together with a writer of mass market thrillers.  They settled for a mid-level former employee who was fired before Lehman even went under.  The book is nonsense.  Many I know at Lehman who were not part of Fuld's 31st floor contingent of evildoers had contact with him and others in this group.  Friends at the former Lehman told me they saw Fuld and others from this supposed reclusive ivory tower group regularly, in passing, in groups, and in one-on-one conversations.  They find the idea that these people were as isolated as represented as ridiculous.  Moreover, even former Lehman people think the reason Paulson let Lehman fail was because he didn't like Dick Fuld absurd.    There are some real facts in the book.  But the authors give us an incredible over-simplification of what happened.  The book is not the real story, it is a fantasy spun from the mind of someone who had no access, and could not have been a highly successful trader and be one of the first fired when Lehman began lay-offs.  It is a fantasy tale of good and evil written like a mass market thriller.  And this company, Pangea Capital Markets where the ex-Lehman trader is a Managing Director - what's that about?  I searched for the company's website and came up with a page under construction.  Is this MD title just a ruse by the publisher to give this inept author credibility.    If you want a neat little explanation that is easy to grasp for why Lehman failed, then by all means read this book.  It is a simple, but totally ridiculous account.  If, on the other hand you want a more realistic book that relates the complexities of an investment bank failure, read House of Cards about Bear Stearns.  [[ASIN:0385528264 House of Cards: A Tale of Hubris and Wretched Excess on Wall Street]][[ASIN:188328371X The Murder of Lehman Brothers: An Insider's Handbook to the Global Meltdown]]Or wait for the next Lehman Book.  When I searched Lehman Brothers on Amazon a second book came up that won't be available until September.  I don't know whether it's better, but it can't possibly be worse.      I don't tink I've ever given a book one star before.  I want my money back.  Mercifully, the book was a quick read, so I was not in pain for very long.      FORTUNATELY THERE IS A NEW FAR SUPERIOR LEHMAN BOOK NOW OUT.  READ THE MURDER OF LEHMAN BROTHERS[[ASIN:188328371X The Murder of Lehman Brothers: An Insider's Look at the Global Meltdown]]
0385341008|5.0|This is a great book!  A part of World War II history I never knew.  The Characters are fun and engaging.  I would recommend this book to everyone.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|came very quickly and was in perfect condition! one of the best purchases i've made in a while.
0807014273|5.0|'man's search for meaning' by viktor frankl is a profoundly touching book. i approach most inspirational books with reservations due to my pragmatic nature. an unfounded, brainless, and 'new agey' approach to optimism for the sake of wearing a smile on one's face does not resonate well with me. to my delight, this book is anything but that. i would not even consider it a conduit for optimism per se. it a simply a historical account and analysis of the possible strength that can be garnered in even the worst of suffering. the inspiration derived from this book is simply a by-product of becoming aware of the possibilities of human strength. frankl argues one has the power to take responsibility for his or her actions and reactions no matter how bleak the circumstances. truly imbibing this principle can be life-changing. i highly recommend this book.
B001O7SMRG|5.0|I'll make this short. This is simply CSN before all the excess baggage of fame and relationship malfunctions. Amazon is making it available today as a 2.99 download! The harmonies are more beautiful than ever, due to a 2006 remastering. The CD is a pleasure to hear. There is alot of lighthearted fare songwise thanks to the aspect of Neil Young not being involved (sorry N.Y. fans!) and the exuberance of a what was at the time an exciting new project. Most of you probably have had it on vinyl or pre-remaster CD version. Here's some good advice... buy it again anyway!
B0002UOK04|5.0|This album is amazingly epic. Jari Mäenpää's musical genius is apparent in every track; especially because he did everything on this album, besides the drums --he even produced it himself. Jari mixes in clean vocals (which are some of the best clean vocals in metal) with growls, and packages it all up with great melodies and killer guitar solos. The end product is an album that is emotionally effective, heroic, uplifting, morbid, and just pure awesome. Not only is the music out of this world, but the lyrics are well written and powerful.      I'm a big fan of Finnish metal; and if you like other Finnish bands, chances are you'll like Wintersun. If you aren't a fan of Finnish metal, this album will probably get you hooked.
1594201927|5.0|How does the Spanish quest for gold explain inflation? What role did cotton bonds play in the fall of the Confederacy (and Britain's conquest of Egypt)? Why are squatters in third world countries sitting on $9 trillion in property assets? If any of these questions are even mildly interesting to you, then you ought to read Niall Ferguson's The Ascent of Money.    Using statistics, analogies, and historical examples, Ferguson takes the reader on a dazzling tour of the last 500 years of financial history. Beginning with Shakespeare's Shylock, Ferguson explains how credit markets develop, what role financial institutions play in alleviating poverty, and how the increasing complexity of worldwide finance causes great risk and great reward. An unmatched historian, he unravels difficult concepts like inflation so easily that it seems embarrassing that they ever seemed complicated.    Ferguson's greatest strength is in tracing the development of financial institutions and explaining what goes into making - and losing - money. In particular, his chapter on property is a tour de force worth the price of the book. He journeys through the history of property and how property went from being something that only belonged to a static, moneyed elite to a core feature of the American dream, available to everyone. He also explains how in America, property was used to discriminate against - and then empower - black Americans, first by exorbitant interest rates on mortgages and then through subprime loans. His subsequent account of how government and finance combined to package, divide, and sell those subprime loans is as interesting and insightful as it sounds boring and technical. For anyone interested in understanding the current housing crisis, his explanations interweaving policy, history, and economics are invaluable.    In sum, whether you are a person who can't get enough of money or for whom money remains something of a mystery, then The Ascent of Money is for you.
1439102813|2.0|I have taken up reading a lot more this year and I have read some really great books, but Still Alice was not one of them. I think there should have been so much more of the emotions from the other characters and I felt there was a lost opportunity when Alice receives the dvds and we learn nothing about the stories in them. I wouldn't recommend this book. I was looking for a tear jerker and unfortunately didn't find it here.
B001V9LRV0|5.0|This was a very smart buy on my part. I definitely recommend this product to any avid Woodstock lover! Or even a lover for the greatest music in the history of Rock n' Roll. There was a perfect description of what I was purchasing, and I got exactly what I was expecting to pay for. GREAT BUY!
B000002TQV|5.0|I am a diehard Radiohead fan, so singling out any one album is a little difficult. To me personally, The Bends doesn't stand out amongst the albums released after it, but much like Pablo Honey, that's just because it is their earlier sound. The Bend's style is in between the early Alt Rock of Pablo Honey and the dramatic change OK Computer brought. I think of it as a Pablo Honey 2. If you've listened to Pablo Honey, and you liked it at all, you will be pleased with the band's progression in this album.<br /><br />In any case, Radiohead is Radiohead--great, no matter what they do.
B00004ZBVG|5.0|Well, it's a toss up with \\"Full Metal Jacket\\". Anyway, this movie definitely takes a different twist on the typical war movie. There's not alot of shooting or explosions, but rather it deals with the psychological aspects of a pilot, Bat 21(played by Gene Hackman)shot down over Vietnam. While creating a bond of friendship with \\"Bird Dog\\", a pilot that's watching out for him, and guiding him to a safe rescue (played by Danny Glover), he sees war from a different perspective than he's used to seeing it; from the ground. He learns about himself, and it changes him...\\"I'm through with killin'\\" says Gene Hackman, is one of my favorite quotes. Not that I'm an anti-war hippie, but I think it accurately portrays the feelings of a man whose immersed in a situation such as that, never having experienced it. I highly recommend this movie. Not only because it's very entertaining, but as my Dad used to say \\"you might learn somethin'\\". But didn't most Dads used to say that?
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|Order update. I just found out my order was shipped yesterday. I hope that everyone else who ordered the same time as I will be getting theirs too. FYI, the price did not change from my orginial purchase date.        I am certainly glad to see I am not the only one still waiting to get my cd's. Not that I am glad everyone else is having to wait, I am just happy that I am not the only one. I placed my order on June 26, 2009. The original estimated shipping date was no later than July 5th until it was pushed back to estimated shipping on July 27, 2009 thru August 5, 2009. I called Amazon yesterday to see if they have a shipping date planned for my cd's since I am currently within the shipping timeframe but they did not have any other information except for the shipping timeframe. I also asked if the price of the cd's would remain the same as the day I purchased the cd's, which is less than the cd's are going for now. Amazon said that the price of the cd's will not change from the day I ordered. I hope the guy knew what he was talking about because I know how that goes......one customer service rep says one thing and another says something completly different. I sure hope my cd's will be mailed out soon..........
B001152OW0|5.0|I bought the first 3 books and couldn't put them down, so I ordered 3 more and then 3 more.  They are   entertaining, amusing, heart warming and teach you a lot about African way of life.  Loved them all!
1934030198|5.0|I'm 22 and training for an Iron Man next year so I'm always looking to learn as much as possible to better myself in my multisport endeavors. I'd definitely consider myself mostly self coached which is why this book was so great for me. This book provides the reader with a sound scientific foundation to understand the many mechanisms behind fatigue, proper biomechanics, and several other elements that play a key role in how we perform and train in our sports safely and successfully. This book is by far the best you can get for the money. It will provide you with a vast amount of information which you can implement into your own training programs. I'd recommend it for any beginner and experienced athlete. Make the right choice and buy this book. I know you won't be disappointed and will always come back to it when you need to brush up on something.
B00005YXZH|5.0|Wilco<br />Yankee Hotel Foxtrot<br />2001; Nonesuch Records<br /><br />My Rating: 10/10<br /><br />If SUMMERTEETH is Wilco's OK COMPUTER, then YANKEE HOTEL FOXTROT is Wilco's KID A. On SUMMERTEETH, WILCO proved themselves to be capable of pushing the envelope in just about any direction, but it seems that wasn't enough for Tweedy. Whereas the band built symphonies out of songs on SUMMERTEETH, on YHF they take the tracks, demolish them, pick up the pieces, and glue them back together into staggering postmodern masterpieces. The album opens with \\"I am trying to break your heart\\", a left-field folk song that seems to meander drunkenly down a city street. It's as clear a signal as the band can send that you are in for something completely different on this record, and yet the song somehow manages to grab you and pull you into Wilco's brave new world.<br /><br />\\"Kamera\\" backs it up with a catchy, even-keeled, mid-tempo groover recalling jazz-rockers Steely Dan, only to descend into the most experimental piece on the record, \\"Radio Cure.\\" While it's my opinion that \\"Radio Cure\\" is only essential in the way \\"Fitter Happier\\" is essential to Radiohead's OK COMUTER, it could be argued that this is the record's defining moment. When Tweedy howls, \\"Distance has no way of making love understandable\\", he sucks you right into the album's narrative, a meditation on communication and the distance between you and me.<br /><br />\\"War on War\\" gets things moving again, and \\"Jesus etc.\\" delivers the knock-out blow. Though written before September 11th, 2001, the song's lyrical imagery of \\"tall-buildings shaking\\" and \\"voices singing sad sad songs\\" seems to neatly summarize the myriad national sentiments in the days following the attacks. Call it a historical accident, but Tweedy's words, coupled with the album's dual-structural cover art, lends the record a prophetic tone, especially when \\"Jesus\\" is followed by \\"Ashes of American Flags.\\" \\"Ashes\\" is apparently the third in a four part cycle of deconstructed folk songs, seemingly pushing ahead without a tempo, random instruments firing from every corner. \\"Heavy Metal Drummer\\" lightens things up a bit, recalling the midwestern nostalgia of BEING THERE, and \\"I'm the Man Who Loves You\\" even brings a little brass back into the mix.<br /><br />\\"Pot Kettle Black\\", though great, comes off with the least impact, while \\"Poor Places\\" is the last (and best) in the previously mentioned song cycle. As \\"Poor Places\\" drifts into ambient HAM radio transmissions, you start to see that this record is all about communication, about reaching out for something to hold onto in the darkness. The album ends with \\"Reservations\\", a track that sharply contrasts the deadpan album opener with Tweedy's complete emotional buy-in. Tweedy sings \\"I've got reservations about so many things but not about you\\" with such direct abandon that it seems as if the whole thing has been a complete transformation.<br /><br />YANKEE HOTEL FOXTROT is Wilco's avant-garde masterpiece, and rightfully deserves a place in the collection of any fan of good music. While not everyone will find everything here appealing, it nevertheless is one of the first great records of the 21st century.<br /><br />TRACKS:<br />1. I am trying to break your heart (5/5)<br />2. Kamera (5/5)<br />3. Radio Cure (3/5)<br />4. War on War (5/5)<br />5. Jesus, etc. (5/5)<br />6. Ashes of American Flags (5/5)<br />7. Heavy Metal Drummer (4.5/5)<br />8. I'm the Man Who Loves You (5/5)<br />9. Pot Kettle Black (4/5)<br />10. Poor Places (5/5)<br />11. Reservations (4/5)y pushing ahead without a tempo, random instruments firing from every corner. \\"Heavy Metal Drummer\\" lightens things up a bit, recalling the midwestern nostalgia of BEING THERE, and \\"I'm the Man Who Loves You\\" even brings a little brass back into the mix.    \\"Pot Kettle Black\\", though great, comes off with the least impact, while \\"Poor Places\\" is the last (and best) in the previously mentioned song cycle. As \\"Poor Places\\" drifts into ambient HAM radio transmissions, you start to see that this record is all about communication, about reaching out for something to hold onto in the darkness. The album ends with \\"Reservations\\", a track that sharply contrasts the deadpan album opener with Tweedy's complete emotional buy-in. Tweedy sings \\"I've got reservations about so many things but not about you\\" with such direct abandon that it seems as if the whole thing has been a complete transformation.    YANKEE HOTEL FOXTROT is Wilco's avant-garde masterpiece, and rightfully deserves a place in the collection of any fan of good music. While not everyone will find everything here appealing, it nevertheless is one of the first great records of the 21st century.    TRACKS:  1. I am trying to break your heart (5/5)  2. Kamera (5/5)  3. Radio Cure (3/5)  4. War on War (5/5)  5. Jesus, etc. (5/5)  6. Ashes of American Flags (5/5)  7. Heavy Metal Drummer (4.5/5)  8. I'm the Man Who Loves You (5/5)  9. Pot Kettle Black (4/5)  10. Poor Places (5/5)  11. Reservations (4/5)
B0026RHR6K|4.0|Battlestar Galactica (2004) is probably the best Television show the Sci-Fi channel has ever produced. It's got great special effects, convincing performances, a non-stop feeling of suspense (not always action-packed), and at least some thought-provoking and socially relevant ideas put into every episode. It wasn't perfect especially with some major social issues (like abortion) given too convenient resolutions and some unconvincing characterizations and relationships (I don't care what anyone says: Apollo and Dualla have ZERO chemistry) but overall it sets the bar pretty high for science fiction storytelling.<br /><br />In this collection there is every single episode of the series plus the original mini-series, Razor (uncut), and extended episodes (including 25 minutes added to my favorite episode \\"Unfinished Business\\"). So pretty much everything you got in the original boxed sets if you bought them individually. If you've got the show collected up to this point, you can probably just skip this boxed set and buy season 4.5 without missing out on any extras.<br /><br />The box the DVD's come in is HUGE. I'm talking at least 12\\"x12\\"x12\\". Personally I was hoping for something ALOT more compact. Also the discs are sleeved in individual pouches. I'll never understand why ANYONE would do this to their discs other than to save space, but the box itself is needlessly big as it is. I'm glad I got the show in one collection but for the most part the box is a waste of space. I actually just purchased a specialized DVD case and threw away the original Box and DVD sleeves. I would almost recommend just getting the series in individual seasons if the prices are comparable (which I believe one reviewer pointed out).<br /><br />The video transfer on DVD is also unchanged. Again not a bad thing because the show looked great to begin with, though the original mini-series still looks washed-out compared to everything else. I personally don't think there's any excuse for this considering it's over five years old, but again nothing's different either.<br /><br />I am overall satisfied with the DVDs in this set and it's still the same great show, but I guess if they were planning a big release with this I would've hoped for some more extras (maybe the webisodes, Caprica pilot?). If you can try opting for the collection without the Cylon action figure which I believe is JUST a box containing the original jewel cases (which I prefer) PLUS the prequal movie: The Plan.rs old, but again nothing's different either.    I am overall satisfied with the DVDs in this set and it's still the same great show, but I guess if they were planning a big release with this I would've hoped for some more extras (maybe the webisodes, Caprica pilot?). If you can try opting for the collection without the Cylon action figure which I believe is JUST a box containing the original jewel cases (which I prefer) PLUS the prequal movie: The Plan.
B000I9TY4G|5.0|,.... and so they cancel the series?  The uncanny judgment of the Hollywood machine to consistently produce poorly delivered products and cancel excellent ones is beyond my comprehension.  It makes me want to go find a book -    M
0758232225|4.0|Melissa is a wedding planner and her friend Angela's wedding is going to be a big one. It keeps her busy getting everything ready. She also has a job at a doctor's office and a handsome pharmaceutical salesman, Marcus Peeples begins to show an interest in her and asks her out. Melissa agrees to go until she finds out Marcus is a divorced man with a child. Because of her belief in what the bible says about adultery, she knows she cannot date Marcus. Marcus agrees to show her what the bible really means when it talks about divorce and adultery. Will Melissa hear what he has to say? Meanwhile, his former wife decides she wants Marcus back and she begins plotting to make it a reality. How will this star-crossed affair turn out?<br /><br />PRACTICING WHAT YOU PREACH by Vanessa Davis Griggs is a fascinating story of love lost and love found. It also gives some very interesting and concrete evidence of what the bible really means. There were also side plots that added to the story. I found the book to be a real page-turner, as well as a learning experience. I would recommend it to everyone.<br /><br />Reviewed by Alice Holman<br />of The RAWSISTAZ(tm) Reviewers
B001UV4XU6|4.0|Tom Hansen (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) falls head over heels for Summer Finch (Zooey Deschauel) the new girl working at his office. The story of their relationship is told in non-chronological order, including a few highly original scenes such as Tom turning the streets of LA into a chorus line following his first night with Summer. You know from the start that Tom and Summer are bound to split up. But the movie comes together nicely in the end, showing that when one story ends another is bound to begin.    One thing I really like about this movie is that's it's the guy who is the hopeless romantic and the girl who remains emotionally distant. This contrast with the usual male-female stereotypes is refreshing and something I experienced myself when I was a young man. The movie is also quite nuanced and contains numerous references to classic literature, classic films and classic rock. In other words, it's way smarter than the usual Hollywood romantic comedy. It's also more funny and had me laughing out loud on several occassions. I do have to admit that the non-chronological sequencing of the 500 days left me dizzy at times and how much you like this movie will depend, to some extent, on how much you can identify with the main characters. But this is a well made movie and one worthy of seeing.
B002BPQ0Y2|1.0|Listening to Mozart might make you more intelligent, but listening to B.E.P. \\"The E.N.D.\\" will most definitely make you dumber.   I'm not a big fan of Rap/Soul music in the first place, but I really really enjoyed and still love to listen to Elephunk. With catchy lyrics and memorable chorus melodies, Elephunk is in my view a must-have in any music collection, as a full album, not just one or 2 songs.  So my expections were high for new BEP releases, which is why I was devastated when \\"Monkey Business\\" went out. Very very disappointing. So for \\"the E.N.D.\\", I was expecting something bad, but I really got the worse.   There is nothing to save this album. It's a collection of hit recipes (pointless party lyrics, autotune, boom boom stuff), put together without a hint of talent.   They sold their soul to someone...sickening.
0385341008|5.0|I was put off for awhile by the title, but it got such great reviews I had to get it. Boy am I glad! The format is unique, but interestingly it attaches you to the characters quickly and they are vivid! Reading it was so enjoyable, I didn't want the story to end!
B000VSBX34|4.0|As Richard Lester says, if you can remember the sixties, you weren't there. To enjoy this movie you had to have lived through the Beatles era. The story is basically crap with a few entertaining scenes. But that's not the reason to buy the DVD. (I paid $21 in Feb 2008)<br /><br />What you get, is three things. First, the music is great. You can easily access that by jumping from scene-to-scene. Next, restoration is brilliant.  Although this is a standard MPEG CD in wide-screen format, the quality is almost Blu-ray at normal viewing distances. Last is disk 2.  This is the real meat. Richard Lester describes the production, a real challenge handling the frivolous, drugged out four.  Wendy Richards was screwed out of a scene because the Beatles could not act or remember their lines! You also get a technical overview of the restoration. We really owe a lot to those guys, who painstakingly worked through every frame.<br /><br />But the real charm of the movie is the characterization of life in the UK at the time. In 1964, this is what life was like and it was fun, even though we were poor.
0307454541|4.0|In the beginning, all the Swedish names threw me. I thought I wouldn't be able to get into it. But I'm really glad I persevered. The characters were very colorful and I was quickly sucked into the adventure. Can't wait to read the next one!
1594201927|1.0|This was recommended to me by an intelligent, but someone close-minded conservative friend of mine.  After reading more about Ferguson and seeing him speak on Bill Maher's Real Time I realize that his words are not to be believed and he writes from a position of bias toward the elite.  Sorry Niall, you're a shill!
031606792X|3.0|I had somewhat mixed feelings about this book, although I think I was probably less disappointed than some of the other reviewers because my expectations were lower.  I enjoyed the three earlier books, but I really don't think they were *great* by any stretch.  They were, however, very entertaining, so that's all I really expected from this book.  I also think that a lot of people were dissapointed because Mayer effectively shifts genres in this book- Twilight was basically a romance novel with fantasy underpinnings, but Breaking Dawn is pure fantasy.      On the one hand, I was frustrated that my favorite character (Edward) seemed to lose all his personality in this book.  I really don't know what happened there.  I was also disappointed in the fact that Meyer builds up to a big, dramatic ending and then backs out at the last minute.    On the other hand, by the end of book 3 I was SO sick of Bella and her constant whining, lack of gratitude, and repetitive hand-wringing (\\"Oh, why do I keep hurting Jacob?  Oh wait, I asked that in the previous page, and the one before that, too....\\").  I understood that Edward was drawn to her by this animal-like pull and the fact that she so readily accepted him, but I couldn't figure out why Jacob was in love with her.  At any rate, I was actually relieved when Bella's character underwent a complete 180 because I was no longer able to enjoy the books since I despised her so thoroughly.  (incidentally, I was also sick to death of Alice, who has all these amazing powers but seems to be interested in nothing but clothes and throwing big parties.  I do wish that Mayer would have created at least ONE strong female character in her series.)    I was also quite chagrined that Mayer spends... what... 1500 pages building up toward Edward and Bella's first sexual experience, which then happens \\"off-screen.\\"  Guess she wasn't comfortable writing about that, which was odd to me since her description of Bella's childbirth was one of the goriest things I have ever seen in print.    So in short, was this book entertaining?  Sure.  Was it a great book?  No.
0307454541|5.0|Its very rare that a book grabs me from the first chapter and gnaws at me until I finish. You know the feeling, as much as you'd like to get on with your day, you simply can't stop reading. This is definitely one of those types of books.<br /><br />The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo takes place mostly in Sweden, and is the story of magazine publisher Mikael Blomkvist, who has been indicted on libel and defamation charges for a story he wrote about a billionnaire financier. Now unemployed, disgraced and awaiting the beginning of his prison sentence, Mikael is approached by industrialist Henrik Vanger, who wishes to commissions the journalist to research his biography and investigate the truth surrounding the disappearance of Vanger's niece Harriet, who vanished without a trace under suspicious circumstances over 40 years ago. Mikael reluctantly accepts his offer and is plunged into an inescapable web of corruption, familial strife, and despicable acts of violence. As the investigation gets more complicated, Mikael seeks assistance from the most unlikeliest of sources, 24 year-old Lisbeth Salander, a tattooed, troubled yet brilliant researcher whose investigative abilities, surprisingly, rival his own. Lisbeth operates by her own set of rules and proves to be quite a professional and emotional challenge to Mikael.<br /><br />It s very unfortunate that Stieg Larsson passed away in 2004; quite a shame on so many levels. Larsson's writing style, (and this is strictly my opinion), reminds me of the early Ludlum novels; eloquent yet casual, engaging, and thoroughly exhaustive.  The 3-dimensional characters jump off the page and draw you into their story almost immediately. Honestly there were times when Mikael's indifference and Lisbeth's stubbornness infuriated me but that is what made them so likable. I love hanging out with characters I can interact with and hate to say goodbye to.<br /><br />Larsson was obviously a stickler for accuracy, so much so that at times I found myself drowning in the myriad of detail and skipping over entire paragraphs only to realize later how crucial the information was to the plot. It may seem that he is going too deep, but in the end you will see that he really doesn't waste a single word. Therefore I recommend that you take your time with this book, and give it your undivided attention. It is worth every second, and is without a doubt, it the best book I have read in a very long time.<br /><br />As I understand from the book jacket, three Larsson manuscripts were delivered before his death. This is the book you should start with. The second in the series is The Girl Who Played With Fire (available now but read them in order!), and the third is The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest which, according to internet sources, is scheduled to be published in the US in October 2009.<br /><br />Enjoy.<br />Cris LaRue for Amazon.commyriad of detail and skipping over entire paragraphs only to realize later how crucial the information was to the plot. It may seem that he is going too deep, but in the end you will see that he really doesn't waste a single word. Therefore I recommend that you take your time with this book, and give it your undivided attention. It is worth every second, and is without a doubt, it the best book I have read in a very long time.    As I understand from the book jacket, three Larsson manuscripts were delivered before his death. This is the book you should start with. The second in the series is The Girl Who Played With Fire (available now but read them in order!), and the third is The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest which, according to internet sources, is scheduled to be published in the US in October 2009.    Enjoy.  Cris LaRue for Amazon.com
1592332803|3.0|Being vegetarian most of my life and my hubby since 2001, I have found Colleen's The Vegan Table, to be an OUTSTANDING resource (LOVE IT!, so much so, that we are considering veganism).  The Joy of Vegan Baking is also a good resource, but is lacking in some areas. If you're on the fringe of discovering veganism, this can be a great resource for you, but what about alternative sweeteners to white sugar and healthier flours to unbleached all-purpose?<br /><br />I have done much of my own research on sweeteners (organic sugars, succanat, agave nectar, etc), but I still consider myself a novice and would have loved some guidance from a vegan baking cookbook.  I have been substituting whole wheat flour and sweeteners, and the recipes have been really fantastic.  However, considering that the small substitutes I've been doing are such an easy thing to do, I would've loved to see more/ learn more about healthier options.<br /><br />Fellow vegans/ veggies, I'm up for suggestions if you have any on vegan baking...
B002JM1VJG|5.0|Madonna has defined the MTV music video with her stylish and provocative button pushing. She has crafted more videos than any other female artist, she has earned the most MTV vma nominations, and has won the most MTV vmas of any artist. This collection shows how this one women force known simply as Madonna has impacted music, and with the music video created a whole new art form that forced every artist after her to realize a music video was just as important as the song itself. From her first video Everybody to her latest video Celebration, Madonna has been a constant on our radar for over 26 years and has grown up and evolved in front of all of us. Madonna pushed buttons with what she could get away with in a music video. Vogue had her exposing her breasts in a see through blouse which caused MTV to ask her to take the scene out, but Madonna refused and MTV eventually gave in, and had their first video showing nudity airing all hours of the day. Madonna pushed the boundaries a little too far with her next video and MTV did not give in to her Justify My Love video. MTV banned it all together because of its gay themes and her making out with another women far before girl on girl action became the in thing. Erotica pushed the boundaries a bit further as Madonna released her SEX book which had her naked from head to toe and expressing her sexual fantasies. The video Erotica was only aired 3 times on MTV and (with a disclaimer) that was after 12 midnight due to the sexual nature, and a Madonna hitchhiking nude scene at the very end. The What It Feels Like For A Girl video was released and MTV only played it one time before banning it completely due to its violent nature which was something we had never seen from Madonna. Her most controversial music video (and rarely seen) was the original version of American Life which came out when we had just went to war with Iraq. Madonna did something she had never done before and that was pulling the video right before its world premiere (due to death threats on her kids) on MTV and VH1. The video which took place on a runway and simulated war with people getting body parts blown up, along with a George Bush look a like kissing Saddam Hussein on the cheek. These are some of the music video highlights in Madonnas ever evolving music video career. Sadly like other artists before her, her art will not be fully be appreciated or understood until she is gone. Only then will people discover how ahead of her time and how truly visionary and what a work of art she was as herself.<br /><br />Below is courtesy of [...]<br /><br />Warner Bros. Records has confirmed in a press release the final track listing for Madonna's upcoming \\"Celebration the Video Collection DVD\\". The 2 disc set will also include unedited and never before seen footage of the \\"Justify My Love\\" video along with 27 Madonna videos to be released on a DVD compilation for \\"the very first time\\" including \\"Into The Groove\\" from Desperately Seeking Susan and \\"Give It To Me\\" as well as the just completed video of Madonna's new single \\"Celebration\\".<br /><br />Madonna Celebration DVD Track Listing:<br /><br />1) Burning Up - First Time On DVD<br />2) Lucky Star<br />3) Borderline<br />4) Like A Virgin<br />5) Material Girl<br />6) Crazy For You - First Time On DVD<br />7) Into The Groove - First Time On DVD<br />8) Live To Tell - First Time On DVD<br />9) Papa Don't Preach<br />10) True Blue - First Time On DVD<br />11) Open Your Heart<br />12) La Isla Bonita<br />13) Who's That Girl - First Time On DVD<br />14) Like A Prayer<br />15) Express Yourself<br />16) Cherish<br />17) Vogue<br />18) Justify My Love - First Time On DVD<br />19) Erotica - First Time On DVD<br />20) Deeper and Deeper - First Time On DVD<br />21) Rain<br />22) I'll Remember - First Time On DVD<br />23) Secret<br />24) Take A Bow<br />25) Bedtime Story<br />26) Human Nature<br />27) I Want You - First Time On DVD<br />28) You'll See - First Time On DVD<br />29) Frozen<br />30) Ray Of Light<br />31) The Power Of Good-Bye<br />32) Beautiful Stranger<br />33) American Pie - First Time On Madonna DVD<br />34) Music<br />35) Don't Tell Me - First Time On DVD<br />36) What It Feels Like For A Girl<br />37) Die Another Day - First Time On Madonna DVD<br />38) Hollywood - First Time On DVD<br />39) Love Profusion - First Time On DVD<br />40) Hung Up<br />41) Sorry<br />42) Get Together - First Time On DVD<br />43) Jump - First Time On DVD<br />44) 4 Minutes - First Time On DVD<br />45) Give It 2 Me - First Time On DVD<br />46) Miles Away - First Time On DVD<br />47) Celebration - First Time On DVD<br /><br />Other popular videos that didn't make the final cut on this new compilation, like David Fincher's Oh Father and Bad Girl, Nothing Really Matters, Love Don't Live Here Anymore and Fever, remain available on Madonna's current best selling DVD releases The Immaculate Collection and Video Collection 93:99.r />30) Ray Of Light<br />31) The Power Of Good-Bye<br />32) Beautiful Stranger<br />33) American Pie - First Time On Madonna DVD<br />34) Music<br />35) Don't Tell Me - First Time On DVD<br />36) What It Feels Like For A Girl<br />37) Die Another Day - First Time On Madonna DVD<br />38) Hollywood - First Time On DVD<br />39) Love Profusion - First Time On DVD<br />40) Hung Up<br />41) Sorry<br />42) Get Together - First Time On DVD<br />43) Jump - First Time On DVD<br />44) 4 Minutes - First Time On DVD<br />45) Give It 2 Me - First Time On DVD<br />46) Miles Away - First Time On DVD<br />47) Celebration - First Time On DVD<br /><br />Other popular videos that didn't make the final cut on this new compilation, like David Fincher's Oh Father and Bad Girl, Nothing Really Matters, Love Don't Live Here Anymore and Fever, remain available on Madonna's current best selling DVD releases The Immaculate Collection and Video Collection 93:99.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|Like several others on this page, I ordered this on June 26, 09 and have not received it.  My shipping date has been changed several times.  I really hope to get this before Michael's birthday.  Amazon should let customers know what is going on.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|I'd purchased this back in '04 as a gift for a friend, and had never seen it until earlier this year, when I borrowed it from said friend, and fell in love w/ it, so had to buy one for myself.   I have to admit, I only listened to the whole thing once or twice, and then skipped past the Indian music, as it's just not my thing, although if it were, I have to think that's about the best there is, same as the R&R that came after.   Two particular performers that really blew my doors off were Joe and Sam Brown, as I had previously not known much about them.   I couldn't possibly recommend a musical DVD more than this one.
B00005QGAV|5.0|As I thought you will be so gratified with a Genious work of art.  The lyrics are inspiring.
B000002KOJ|5.0|It had been years since I heard some of the songs on this CD.  Her pure sweet sound brought back a rush of memories and is still as hauntingly beautiful as the first time I heard it.  Especially love \\"Songs to Aging Children Come\\"
B0024FADAQ|5.0|The best motivational movie that kids don't know is motivational. Fun for kids and adults alike. Teaches everyone that you can do anything if you just stick to it. One of the best movies of its time - EVER. I ordered regular edition in June for my grands and this one for my husband and me!
0307269981|3.0|This sequel to the Girl with Dragon Tattoo is a solid production with many of the same features as the first book.  There is an elaborate but creditable plot, solid writing, and adequate character development.  This is, however, a less satisfactory book than the original.  While the central character, the brilliant and mildly autistic Lisbeth Salander, undergoes some additional development, the rest of the characters are essentially static.  This book lacks some of the novelty of the original and while above average for this genre, is solid as opposed to really interesting.
B00005LK95|5.0|Great movie to share with my grands. My kids loved this and my grands did too. Good for rainy days!
B000FC1LOC|1.0|It was as if I was tossed into a Lifetime Movie except it took longer. The very interesting concept was bogged down with contrived plots, overwrought emotions (manufactured), and poor characterizations. This is all before the lame cop-out easy-for the-writer ending. Sorry I wasted my time and no more Jodi for me.
B0000UJDLM|5.0|My kids & I loved it one summer when they were small and my grands absolutely giggled with glee when they saw it...great for boring rainy weather days of summer. Great any time! TIMELESS
0790729350|5.0|I ordered this item as a gift and was naturally concerned about it arriving in time for the event.   I was amazed to find it in my mailbox within days and in the precise condition promised.  I love Amazon.oom and it's many affiliated sellers.  I order quite often and have yet to be disappointed in any aspect of the process or products.
B001QERPDO|4.0|I saw this talented, Dublin based band perform last night at The Crocodile in Seattle last night. They performed pretty much every track off of their self-titled debut release. It was almost unbearably hot in the club but it didn't phase the band a bit. Standouts were 'Breakeven', 'Rusty Halo' and 'The Man Who Can't Be Moved'. I looking forward to seeing much more from these guys!!
B0017YDPI2|5.0|From the beginning, this series has continued to surprise me.  Rarely, has a show of this nature held my interest for so long.  I am more the type to watch science fiction flicks or shows.  I started watching this with my wife when it started a couple years back and now I am hooked!  I really can't wait for season 4!
032147404X|4.0|I was perhaps Hoping for a little more details when you were shooting the manual modes in your camera and a little more technical explanation in what the different modes in the camera mean, but i suppose you have to buy all his books wich i cant afford i would like all in one book! aniways he does give some good shooting tips i do recomend it.
0786838655|5.0|i had no idea this book would be so fun and well written, great story and characters, already ordered book 2.
B00288KNL8|5.0|My 9 year old son and i watched this movie together and it was just awsome! I really enjoyed watching it!! They say its not for kids but i think its good for older kids and up..like per say 8-9 and up. My son luvs it too! My eyes didnt leave that tv screen for 1 min!! Grrreat movie!! Tim Burton did it again!!!
1593081758|2.0|After hearing about Oscar Wilde and how his novel The Picture of Dorian Grey was renounced because it contained hints of homosexuality I was very eager to read the novel.  However, I was utterly disappointed.  The disappointment had nothing to do with the novel's themes but rather its characters and delivery.<br /><br />As a literature major, I am one who enjoys long novels full of detail and old romantic language such as that of Jane Austen.  While The Picture of Dorian Grey was written with glorious detail and all the flowery language that I love I found myself very bored.  There were many places where I found that the story dragged and though I am sure they were meant to be brilliant social commentary I could not stand the countless scenes where Lord Henry or Dorian sat about with their friends and chatted.<br /><br />I may have still been able to give this book at least a three star rating if the boring scenes scattered throughout the book were the only fault but unfortunately what truly put me off was the characters.  I cannot enjoy a book whose characters I do not come to love or at least care for in some small way.  By the end of the novel I did not care one bit what happened to Dorian Grey; he was a spineless boy and a cruel man.  Lord Henry was always a wicked man and a tiresome preacher of what he considered to be cleverness.  Basil Hallward was the only character that I enjoyed and somewhat identified with but he was not enough apart of the story to redeem it and nothing could make up for Dorian himself.<br /><br />I was extremely disappointed in this book and I cannot say that I would recommend it to anyone other than a literature fanatic looking too read as many classics as possible.
B000002J1S|5.0|this is Genisis at thier best- much like Pink floyds the wall this is a departure from thier \\"sound\\" and a great concept cd. I am more interested in reporting that the sound on this remaster is much better then the cd I already had- which was kind of muffled and distracted from the brillance of the cd. It was well worth the money to get the imporved crisper sound- and I'm  a cheep a**, at $9.00 + shipping  it ws still less expensive then  the $20 I paid for the ealier version at a used cd store- so if your wondering  if the remaster sound is woth it YES!!!!
0307269981|5.0|I bought the first book - The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo - a year or so ago.<br /><br />I had a hard time getting into it.  Took me three or four times till I could deal with the Swedish names and locations.<br /><br />But once I read 50 pages, I was hooked.  Salander is a fantastic character.  Strange and wonderful - you wonder if they could make this into a movie and not screw it up.<br /><br />The Swedishness of the locations and characters is both a blessing and a curse - it's not commercial fiction in the sense of anything I've read before (and I read a LOT of it).  But it's an incredibly fast paced, lucid, arresting thriller.  Sometimes I found it hard to follow - but I couldn't put it down.<br /><br />Anyway.<br /><br />I JUST got the sequel and plunged into it without any of the \\"getting into it\\" problems of the first book.  Like a lot of Knopf publications, it's serious even though it's commercial.  It's a great book with fascinating characters and quite unlike the stuff you pick up at airports.<br /><br />I don't believe in giving away any of the plot - if you like Michael Connelly or Daniel Silva or Scott Turow or even John Grisham, you'll like this...though I think it asks more of you, more concentration, more commitment.<br /><br />I would read them in sequence - but you'll be done in a week.  And there is a third book still out there in translationland - I can't believe this poor guy died.<br /><br />These are fantastic characters.<br /><br />I want more.
1416550542|5.0|Awesome book.  The mystery surrounding the abandoned child envelopes four generations.  Hard to put down!
0316113077|5.0|It is a very spectacular cakes cookbook! I never found something like this here in Italy!!!
B000A2RRF4|5.0|This a great concert and video is of very good quality.  If you haven't seem Michael live, this is the next best thing.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am not an excerciser at all.  When I decided to finally start getting in shape I did my research and finally bought 30 day shred.  It has been the best investment of my life!  I am 5'4, 190 lbs and wanted a dvd that didn't require a lot of fancy moves.  This DVD is simple moves that make you work.  Participating in Jillians workout is tough, but she continues to inspire you as you go through the excercises.  Just when you don't think that you can handle anymore, she pushes - and tells you that you can, that you are worth it.  It has only been ten days, but I feel my body changing.  I am giving myself 4 weeks at level one before moving on. ( We will see how it goes.) Just like she tells  you, if you want a 20 minute workout, you have to work for it.  This is the DVD everyone should own.
1579126510|5.0|I got this collection to use for school, and was very happy with it. It made it easy to go to class without taking having to buy a bunch of individual plays, and also without having to lug a huge book around. They are organized by type of play, and the size of the books themselves and the printing makes them easy to read. It is an attractive collection, and looks very nice on display on a bookshelf as well.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Highly recommended series....For the fans of the genre who have not watched it yet, it's a gem. Great acting,great production, real southern atmosphere. I am happy that Alan Ball announced that they will start the production of the third season after Christmas. Season 2 is now on every Sunday on HBO and I can't get enough of it.
141694737X|5.0|My 1 yr old enjoys flipping through this book and opening the flaps on his own.  The text is simple and the pictures are cute.  The flaps are qutite sturdy and have endured a lot of use.  One of our favorite books!
B0009HLDFU|4.0|I really like the songs in this album but it is so protected like a fortress that I can only listen to it using my car stereo and older cd players. I can't even put it in my iPod or Zune. I wish I can listen to it while working out in the gym but no can do. :(  Lately, I am trying to find a digital download (mp3) of the album but gave up on it. I've decided to just use and overuse the cd until it dies.
0689815816|5.0|This is an interactive story about a family hiking to find a bear.  It details all of the obstacles that they encounter before quickly realizing that being home isn't so bad after all.  My 11 mo old enjoys the funny sound effects and actions.  Very fun and interactive book.
B00275EGWO|4.0|Watching The Hurt Locker is quite an experience. It feels so real that you will leave the theater thinking you just spent a little over two hours under the Iraq sun, spitting sand out of your teeth. Word of mouth and some great reviews from just about every critic in the country got me to notice this under the radar gem of a film.  There are so many moments of suspense that are built up brilliantly, most of which involving bomb defusion. All of the lead and supporting actors (Ralph Fiennes in a tiny role) are extremely believable, but Jeremy Renner steals the show. This is a star making performance that should be honored with a nomination come Oscar season. I've only seen him on The Unusuals (an average new TV show), but he is capable of much bigger and better things if he sticks to doing movies and roles of this calibur.<br /><br />The Hurt Locker is one of the better films of 2009 and is easily in my top 5 war flicks ever. It's an honest look, without taking sides or pushing the filmmaker's agenda. One things for sure, no movie about the Iraq war even comes close to this one in terms of realism and I don't expect any will in the near future. When you see it, you'll understand why this one stands alone.
0316066524|5.0|To read Infinite Jest (IJ) is to wander lost, but transfixed in a sprawling metropolis of characters, history and events.  It is a complicated novel, its footnotes have footnotes. I was hooked -- the right word in a novel in which addiction plays a prominent role - in the opening scene.  In that scene, Hal Incandenza is being interviewed by Deans and assorted university administrators, justifiably curious about a gifted tennis player, attending and residing at the Enfield Tennis Academy, who, among other attributes, has \\"verbal scores that are just quite a bit closer to zero than we're  comfortable with...\\"  \\"I am,\\" Hal notes, \\"surrounded by heads and bodies.\\"  Fittingly, nearly 1,000 pages later, Don Gately, a character increasingly important as the novel draws to a close, has the feeling that he is less \\"high than disembodied...His head left his shoulders.\\"      Finding in this massive novel a single, dominant lesson or message or theme or what have you is at once too much and too little to hope for.  In IJ, David Foster Wallace (DFW) distorts time by having it subsidized by corporations (Year of the Whopper); alters geo-political space by merging North America into a single entity; twists matter through an array of physically and/or psychologically distorted characters.  The principal characters, and a colorful array of lesser characters in IJ, whether addicted or in recovery, are fundamentally insecure about identity and insatiable in their pursuit of it.  After all, time now has identity, why shouldn't they? And how do they know when they are there?  \\"We are all dying to give our lives away to something, maybe.\\"  That dangling Hamlet-like doubt -- that \\"maybe\\" -- calls into question not the quest per se, but its effects -- the consequences of surrendering oneself, of being swept away that await the wandering souls at the end of their journey.  This is why the film Infinite Jest, also known as \\"the Entertainment,\\" created by the family founder, a Deity of sortsin this novel,  James Incandenza [I.J. reversed] is so sought after.   The effect of that film is to leave its viewers dead, or what amounts to the same thing in IJ, wanting for nothing else.  You find identity by losing yourself.    This novel consumes the most voracious of readers. Don't expect a neat, linear sequence of events.  Don't expect terms to be defined before they are employed.  Take this novel one page at a time, not unlike the AA mantra, itself a prominent subject addressed in this book. At last, a game that's worth the candle.
1554072840|5.0|My daughter is 18 months and loves this book and we read it everytime she sits on her potty, and sometimes before bed.  What I like most about this book is that it goes into detail about what is going on and how you have to wait sometimes for a long time.
B001GCUNYO|5.0|Not much to say - if I find you, and I will, I am going to kill you!
B002EDH0FE|2.0|First i want to state i have never read the comics.  So i know that what i say will be considered bias.  The movie had excellent fight scenes and i liked how dark everything seemed.  Usually hero movies have all heroes being squeaky clean.  This movie was gritty and showed the underbelly of what true people would be like if they were heroes. The fight scenes were pretty awesome.  Instead of punching the victim and getting back up you saw bone through skin and blood galore.  It made the fight real and a sense of well awesomeness. In that aspect i had no problem with the movie.  It rare you see somewhat believable fight scenes. So moving onto the parts that felt weak...The plot felt well somewhat under-worked.  It felt like it was missing something.  The plot was missing a lot.  There were plenty of, \\"Oh...What's?\\"  The characters were very complex but most of them felt like they weren't even trying to act.  I liked how Kravachek was acted and displayed.  He was really the only interesting character. He actually breathed life into a man that just wore a mask with ink blots on it.  The other characters fell flat from what they should have been.  The movie is watchable and probably should be seen once. I definitely wouldn't buy the movie.  Id rent it.  glad I did or id be pissed i spent 20 bucks on a not so awesome movie.
B0014I4KH6|5.0|\\"Taylor Swift\\" is excellent! This is an excellent debut for Taylor Swift. All of the tracks on here are excellent!    Track Listing  1. Tim McGraw  2. Picture To Burn  3. Teardrops On My Guitar  4. A Place In This World  5. Cold As You  6. The Outside  7. Tied Together With A Smile  8. Stay Beautiful  9. Should've Said No  10. Mary's Song (Oh My My)  11. Our Song  12. I'm Only Me When I'm With You  13. Invisible  14. A Perfectly Good Heart  15. Teardrops On My Guitar
B00005RHGK|5.0|If you ask me this movie should have at least 4 or 5 and a half stars. It has a perfect originality to it that goes along well. It's a horror movie that not only has blood shed in it but also suspense and thriller to it. This is a film of today that I like very much compared to many of the other horror movie's today which are mostly remakes or movies about blood and gore throughout. I like the idea of that The Creeper has to feast every 23 years on human parts in order to keep itself together. The acting I thought was prett descent too and Johnathon Breck does a great job on playing the Creeper. I had fun watching this movie throughout as well as my friends did so for that I give it 5 stars.
0393965953|1.0|Book was sold as \\"good\\" condition, and priced somewhat higher than other editions.  When I rec'd it, I found it heavily underlined, and should have been rated only \\"fair\\" at 30% lower price.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|i NEVER MISS AN EPISODE OF TRUE BLOOD. I COULDN'T WAIT FOR THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON. I'M ANXIOUS ABOUT THE SECOND SEASON. THE SHOW REALLY HOLDS YOUR INTEREST.I LOVE IT.
0292701934|5.0|A master class for any photographer, how to develop a project, how to approach for portraits, how to persevere during such a long-breathed work. A joy for reading, can't leave before ending it.
0375413405|5.0|I have to say, I cannot cook.  I am simply awful, \\"hit and miss\\" at best.  This book can change that.      Child's book effectively \\"demystifies\\" French cooking, which as any gourmand can tell you, is often little more than very delicious, basic recipies that are sometimes \\"dressed up.\\"  Most of the recpies are very easy to follow, and while it is true that some of them are quite complex, the beginner will find more than a few very basic dishes to create before \\"graduating\\" to the more advanced ones.  I especially liked the section on soups.  And like other reviewers, I found the section on omlettes especially helpful.  I never knew, after a couple of \\"misfires,\\" that they were so easy.      But, even using this book, of course, mistakes are going to be made.  And this brings me to the question of cost.  Yes, some of these recipies use ingredients that are costly.  But most do not use anything remotely exotic.  Almost everything is available in your local grocery store, and not some \\"Fresh Market\\" or \\"Whole Foods\\" that will break your wallet.  The book is very generous with substitution hints.  Again, a little research with the book will show which recipies are not only too complicated, but maybe a little too rich for the purse until achieving a better level of competence.  Most, though, are very budget friendly with standard spices and ingredients.  And when these dishes come out right, they are restaurant quality.      One thing about this book, however.  Ms. Child was not a a huge proponent of low fat cooking.  So, many of the dishes will use large amounts of butter and cheese, not to mention potatoes, cream/milk, and sometime large cuts of meat.  So, if you are looking for \\"heart healthy\\" recipies or are on significant dietary restrictions, you will find that fewer of the recipies will suit your needs.  This does not mean that you will not find SOMETHING for you, but the options will be a little more limited.        Bon appetit! Recommend.
B000002KB8|5.0|I purchased this recording on vinyl when I was about 14, but I must say it took me a while to REALLY understand it. Now over thirty years later I am blown away by it's brilliance. A low budget 8 track recording...and it just destroys! My band Non-Fiction were heavily influenced by Sabbath. We're doing a reunion show Sat. Nov 7th 2009 at Dingbatz in Clifton NJ.
B0020MKTOS|5.0|This was a gift, so no review, except that it arrived in a timely manner.  Thanks!
0385341008|5.0|A satisfying look into the quirky fictional lives of people living on the tiny island of Guernsey, a British Crown Dependency in the English Channel, during WWII and it's aftermath.  The characters come alive through their correspondence with each other via letters and telegrams. Ostensibly about a writer developing ideas for her next book; but ultimately it's about the German occupation of the island for five years during the war.  Once you sort out the various characters (you may have to refer back a few times to previous letters) you'll enjoy the excellent development of a diverse set of characters that come together in the end as a community you care about.  It's definitely a book that provokes further thought long after the last page.
0143036742|3.0|It wasn't my favorite book, but I didn't completely hate it.  The parts about Ukrainian history were very fascinating to me--more so than the history of tractors, but I have to admit that it was woven in well.  Also, speaking from personal experience I found that the father's attitude and comments toward his new bride were very realistic.  There were a few parts that lagged a bit for my taste, but nothing completely unbearable.
B001DPC4R8|5.0|I've always loved this album, but forgot how good it sounds on vinyl.  When I was young, this was one of the only records my entire family would agree on when we were at our cabin where we spent hours listening to records.  Only when I opened the lp cover did I truly remember what was so hypnotic about his album.  Not only did the music reach into you, the photo of the hotel lobby with and without the people hypnotized me as a kid.  I would stare at the people in the photo, wondering what their story is, wondering where they were going, why they were there.  Truly a treat again, not just for my ears, but for my eyes.
B001K3JF7K|2.0|As a longtime fan of Diana Krall, I am always excited when one of her new albums is released.  I am sad to say that my enthusiasm was not rewarded.  To be honest, I feel that this album is lacking in every respect, from programming to production to performance.  I hope that future albums will have the electric vitality of albums that preceded \\"Quiet Nights\\".
B001PR0Y5S|1.0|Other than a couple of quick laughs, two-thirds of this DOG could have been cut for reasons of stupidity/boredom. Save your money!
B001PA0FFO|5.0|[Note: Over 500 of my movie reviews are now available in my book \\"Cut to the Chaise Lounge or I Can't Believe I Swallowed the Remote!\\" Get it at Amazon.]<br /><br />The doubt is on two levels.  One, there is the doubt that Father Flynn (Philip Seymour Hoffman) molested the boy.  The deeper doubt is that if he did, did he do anything wrong?  Or on an even deeper level, did the wrong that he did outweigh the good that he did?  This last question is at the very heart of the relationship between priests and boys in the near contemporary American society depicted in this film.<br /><br />Personally I don't believe that the ephemeral culture in which we live can answer that question.  Perhaps it is true that people like Father Flynn are compelled to do good in this world for just those boys who most need them because of their \\"nature\\" (as Meryl Streep's character Sister Aloysius puts it).  Science has a lot of trouble accounting for homosexuality, and understandably most scientists aren't interested in exploring why some men are sexually attracted to boys.  The truth from an evolutionary point of view must be that in some sense that attraction leads to, paradoxically, a better fit for not only the boy, which is obvious in some circumstances, but also for the man.  How can this be?  Most theories about homosexuality invoke male bonding as the evolutionary force that makes the behavior adaptive.  Homosexual males bond with other males (homosexual or not) and thereby increase their access to females.  So great is the advantage that accrues to such males that even the homosexual males (who mate only to have offspring) have an adaptive advantage over outsider males.<br /><br />But what is the adaptive advantage to males who are sexually attracted only to boys?<br /><br />In a way this film (and the direction by John Patrick Shanley based on his play) actually addresses this question.  The answer comes from the scene in which Sister Aloysius and the boy's mother (Viola Davis as Mrs. Miller) talk and walk.  The mother clearly sees that whether her boy is getting molested by the priest or not is secondary to the fact that the priest cares about him more than his father.  In other words (and most specifically in other circumstances) the priest would become the ally of the mother and they would bond.  In a world far removed from ours, in the prehistory, they might become as one.  Or in a world removed from the celibacy of the priesthood he would love the boy and the mother and she would love him and sex would happen, although perhaps not as frequently as it would if the man were heterosexual.  Certainly he is a better man for the boy and for any further boys than a father who would beat his son.<br /><br />Meryl Streep who has given us so many brilliant performances gives yet another one here.  And Hoffman ditto.  I have said it before and I'll repeat it, Meryl Streep is nearly flawless in everything she does.  Philip Seymour Hoffman ditto.  To see two of the greatest actors of our time in the same film is quite a treat.  To give them such indelible characters to work with and such a compelling story to act out is really wonderful.  And I must say that Amy Adams who played Sister James was also excellent and was not noticeably overshadowed by Streep and Hoffman.  Viola Davis who played the one scene as the boy's mother was also excellent.<br /><br />The movie starts slowly as in a play, which it is. This is allowable since the play-going audience has an investment and won't get up even if the first act goes slowly.  After a few minutes the story picks up and gathers power until, with a not entirely discernable suddenness, we are enthralled.  In the end we realize how quickly the story was actually told.<br /><br />Do not give up on this after the first ten or fifteen minutes.  It is a story about an issue for our times not to be missed, told with dignity and compassion for all concerned, and with a deep appreciation for the subtleties and paradoxes of human nature and the complexities of our world..
B0026J8LHM|4.0|dream theater have firmly entrenched themselves in a once highly overlooked genre,progressive rock.<br />from the opening sound effects,depending on how loud you like it,you are left breathless.their influence on this genre has been able to broaden the staunchest of hard rockers minds to open their ears to such bands as enchant,porcupine tree,shadow gallery,flower kings,magellan and a host of others.it is because of the individual members contributions to a bevy of solo efforts,and side projects.you can find at least a thank you on just about anything that comes out now.highly influential,but without a possible copy.<br />this album encompasses some former workrythms,and melodic passages,and has a few sounds reminiscent of  \\"falling into infinity\\",octavarium,seasons of changes,but no copying,just beautifully orchestrated vocals,and music.<br />the opening track takes you on a roller coaster ride of off time signature guitar and keyboard work,blending into a tapestry of unforgettable sound.johns layering techniques in the studio,combined with his unbelievable phrasing,make him sound as if he is rocks premier guitarist,i hear nothing that comes close to his brilliance.<br />\\"A NIGHTMARE TO REMEMBER\\" is an elaborate composition with such a great assortment of stylings,it is hard to surf ahead to see what other gems await.<br />the opening riffs of \\"A RITE OF PASSAGE\\" are pure muscle bound rock,driven from hell to ascend into heaven as an illustrious painting of the dream theater sound gallery.it is truly a phenomenal song.in a guitar world mag interview with john petrucci a few months back,he was very vague about even the title of the new venture,but assured DT fans that this would be their best work in recent history.they hit the mark.<br />without going track to track,this one is a DT fans absolute must have.where do you find cd's with only 6 tracks but over an hour long of musical wizardry?<br />takes one back to the yes,elp,crimson,floyd days of the 70's.<br />BUY THIS CD,YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.........NTED.........
1401207529|5.0|This is by far one of the best titles that has ever been written in the Batman series. Batman is by far my favorite comic book character, and I would highly suggest getting this title if you like comics or like Batman and you don't already have it yet.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This is an outstanding Sci-fi series and i cant wait til season 2 comes out on DVD. It has some twist and turns you dont expect, but i really been enjoying the show..
B000EHRVP6|5.0|Hostel (2005) by Eli Roth, is a giant curve-ball in that, most will  under-estimate what this DVD holds in store.    It resembles the spookiness of visit to Madame Tusseault's wax  museaum with life-like sculptures that are fascinating yet,  paradoxically, merely life-like reproductions.    The special effects are impeccably done, (albeit more often than  not, gratuitous and  on the low-budget side), the wide-screen very  appealing, the music adequate, the in-loco filming great, showing  the typically narrow European streets of small villages, thereby  relaying the fish-out-of-water element of these tourists from Cali.    From amputations, to chain saws, surgical scissor, to pistols,  blow-torchs and drills to electric saws it has it all,  filmed  skillfully for a total visual impact.    The extent of detail in the torture sequences, is astonishing,  perhaps with the input of trained officers ( a rubber ball in mouth  to keep quiet, leg and arm hand-cuffs, etc.)    The script is well written, in that it very gradually lures the  viewer from the initial euphoria of being on a trip, living out a  utopic hedonistic dream in Europe,  and then being put through  something totally unexpected.    Jay Hernandez plays to perfection the 25-year old college graduate  granting himself a reward  for a series of years studying hard  without a breather, by backpacking across Europe with a couple of  pals.    For the 3 Americans, something seems too good to be true, when all  their wildest fantasies come true at a series of hotels, first in  the red light district of Amsterdam, and then, in Bratislawa,  Slovakia, at the hostel itself  where he meets the lovely Barbara  Nedeljakova and others, then in a sauna, in a night-club, and more.    We later find out they are part of an underground international  business operation catering to those having a fetish for blood  letting, mayham, torture and murder.    Along the way, Rohypnol (\\"roofie\\") or  GHB are intermixed with  candies, drinks to facilitate leading the victims into an abandoned  building in the outskirts of town, where even the locals are in on  it.    At the end, the movie reprises a bit the prison-break theme, as in  Escape from New York (1981), Papillon (1973) or  Midnight Express  (1978) with tension and suspense.    The final shots are especially powerful, as Hernandez's character  spares no effort to set things right.
B001GCUO1Q|5.0|Okay first off. Shut the Hell up you jock-tards that think you know all about wolverine because you read one freaking comic, or watched the X-Men movies.<br />Get over yourself, and read a few more. Like umm, Origins...? Sure they left out some stuff. But, They (meaning hollywood), are dumb as a rule so they can't/won't get everything right.<br />But as a whole it was good. Just enjoy it for the prize it was and move on with your pretty little life.<br />Hey at least you finally got to see Gambit, and Deadpool. And if you don't know who they are, then you should just choke yourself, because you aren't a real wolverine/X-Men fan.<br />And don't get me started on the X-Men Franchise...
B000PMFVGG|5.0|Michael Jackson is an absolute genius.  If you've never seen him in concert, and even if you have, this DVD is a must buy.  Once you witness him in action ~ live in concert ~ you'll understand why he truly is the King of Pop.  His incredible and brilliant talent, both as a dancer, singer and performer, will literally take your breath away. His stage presence and sex appeal is amazing. I was a fan of his music for years, but never really appreciated him as a dancer/performer until I watched this DVD.  Now, I can't stop watching it.  The entire performance is incredible but my personal favorites include the opening act of \\"Jam\\" (jaw dropping dancing), \\"Human Nature\\", \\"Will You Be There\\" and \\"Man in the Mirror\\".  He's a musical genusis. Michael will be sorely missed but never, ever forgotten.  May he rest in peace.
B001O7SMRG|4.0|Finally an Amazon daily bargain that isn't some awful rapper, unlistenable indie whiner or mere excerpts from great classical works.  Keep the guy or gal who selected this album and can the others.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|The story and the music are excellent in this the first release version Disney animated film.  Why they tried to \\"improve\\" it is beyond me.  The other versions aren't worth the time to view.  Recommend this one for purchase.
B0000BHYUI|5.0|These songs about past times arrive wholly in the present, and yet manage to embrace the future. How does he do it? His voice breaks, his heart breaks, and the sources of his inspiration leak out, as he attempts to reconcile his love of God with his love of man. To know Joe -- even just to hear Joe -- is to love Joe, pure and simple. A sublime release.
B001HN697M|5.0|awesome trilogy.  it completed the series of the other two, must watch all three, underworld, underworld evolutions and the rise of the lycans.
B00009Y3L4|5.0|Exactly what I was looking for!  Great price and super fast shipping!  Thanks!
B001SGEUNI|5.0|great voice, music, especially the songs Innocence and Familiar taste of Posion.  Must buy if you love to hear rock sung by a womens voice.
B001TOD92C|4.0|Mickey Rourke is amazing in his role of a beat down wrestler who after 20 years of grueling weekend professional wrestling shows is still struggling to make a living.  He is a man that once was a hero to his fans, now reduced to working in a grocery store's meat counter serving senior citizens.  He is estranged from his daughter, has company only with local stripper from a club he visits regularly and is evicted from his mobile home more often that he cares to remember or admit.<br /><br />In order to preserve strength of his aging, beat down body he takes all sorts of medicine that eventually causes him to have a heart attack.  About to loose it all, can a tough guy Randy \\"The Ram\\" make his final comeback?  This is one of the most amazing personal drama that everyone can relate to. \\"Wrestler\\" touches the core in each and every one of us.  It reminds of our mortality, important things in life such as love and family and pride we take in our professions, no matter what they are.<br /><br />This movie is an instant classic.  Mickey Rourke is simply amazing in his overall appearance of a beat down man, down on his luck who simply will not surrender.
B000HF7PEC|5.0|The DVD arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition.  There were no surprises.  There was one scratch on the cover that was described by the seller, so all was completely honest.  The seller is stellar!    I bought this DVD for my 22 year old son.  He says it's Awesome!
B0017098GO|5.0|This review applies to the whole series, not just the first book, i.e. I am including  [[ASIN:0765356139 The Well of Ascension (Mistborn, Book 2)]] and [[ASIN:0765356147 The Hero of Ages: Book Three of Mistborn]] as well.<br /><br />Each of the books is well-rounded, and has a satisfying conclusion.  So the books stand alone very well (although I would recommend against reading them out of order).  As a series, this is one of the most well-written I have come across, because each book builds so well on the previous, and all threads are neatly tied by the end of the last book.<br /><br />Along the way, there are shocks and twists and turns and a gradual unfolding mystery, the solution to which is not at all obvious until the very end, but entirely consistent with what we learn in previous books.<br /><br />Although there are definitely central characters, we are able to follow a whole series of interesting supplementary characters as their stars rise and fall.<br /><br />The ease with which this unfolds speaks to the vision of the author and the skills of the editors.  All in all, a very satisfying series, and a solid 5 stars from me.
0307269981|5.0|Swedish Millennium magazine publisher and reporter Mikael Blomkvist is considering an expos&eacute; of the extensive sex trafficking trade in Eastern Europe.  He knows the article will cause a stink in Sweden when the elite are exposed as participants.  However, just before the release of the damaging report, the lead journalists are murdered and the evidence including fingerprints on the weapon point to Lisbeth Salander.<br /><br />With an outraged cry from the media and the government, some of whom headline the dead reporters' sex trafficking article, to hunt down this vicious killer, Salander knows she must put aside her beach reading of Fermat to uncover the real culprit.  Blomkvist knows the tattooed Salander is innocent and using his investigative skills as a crusader he also begins making inquiries.<br /><br />The second Blomkvist and Salander Swedish thriller is a super whodunit that brilliantly combines action-packed sequences with cerebral treatises.  The story line is fast-paced from the opening salvo and never slows down even when the heroine discusses mathematical theories as Blomkvist and Salander independently and united investigate the homicides with neither expecting the trail to take them to her past though their previous combined inquiry (see THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO) should have warned them.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
B000002A3T|3.0|This was a horendous album by Pink Floyd's standards.This was definately my least favorite album.Almost everyone thinks that A Momentary Lapse of Reason was worse that The Division Bell.What are you talking about????That being said I cannot give a Pink Floyd album less than three stars.That would be heresy!For I always find something I like about a Pink Floyd album.Keep Talking,in my opnion,was the only descent track on the album.The rest was just trash!!!!!Nick Mason and Richard Wright don't even get to do anything.Half the album used progamed drums.What's up with that man?Come on!!!!I know that for a fact because it even says so on the liner notes for Echoes:The Best of Pink Floyd!!!!!!      So, all in all buy The Wall,buy Dark Side,buy Meddle,buy any other Pink Floyd album.Just don't buy this one.It's a waste of time and money.I mean,I do recall hearing somthing about David Gilmour saying that this album was the best Pink Floyd album since Wish You Were Here?Sorry Dave,but you're way off in my oppinion.1st of all,The Wall was my #1 favorite Pink Floyd album ever!!!!!!!!!!You really just can't beat Roger's epic storyline song writing style!So even though this was a sort of Gilmour's The Wall,pardon me but it SUCKED BIG TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!So again I say buy any other Pink Floyd album just pass up on The Division Bell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0061537969|5.0|I love dogs and fast cars, this book combined both. I must admit to a few tears near the end of this novel. I am putting the book away with my classics, to read again at a later time.
B001J8ULZ6|5.0|Having read The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts of reclaiming the American Dream I bought these as a gift for a friend. I did listen to the c/d's before giving them away. Hearing President Obama read his book gave it a clear and deeper understanding for me.
B00001U0DP|3.0|I really found the over the top humor a little bizzare and somewhat inappropriate - but it's obviously a powerful moving story.  It lost me as things started unravelling and it was like this man was still somewhat clueless.  And the fact that he seemed clueless - made the humor to me seem bizzare.  It would have been more believable had he really been 100% aware of what he was doing.  But there were times in the movie that he wasn't really aware of what he was doing ...
B001RMMM2O|2.0|When I read that Steven Wilson was releasing a solo album, I was excited. I'm a big fan of PT (admittedly, their more recent albums and not the early ambient stuff). Before buying Insurgentes, I read a few reviews, which were mixed.  Some people loved it and some hated it.<br />The first track, Harmony Korine, sounds like PT music ... so far, so good.  But after that, the album is unlistenable.  I've tried several times to make it through the whole thing (you know how some albums grow on you over time?), but it's simply an unpleasant exercise.  Great music shouldn't be painful drudgery and that's what Insurgentes is for me.  So I've kept Harmony Korine on my iPod and removed the rest of the album.<br />I gave it 2 stars for having a good opening song, which is pretty generous considering it's followed by an hour of sitting in the dentist's chair, having multiple root canals without novacaine.<br />I really wanted to like it, but I just can't.  I'll go back to waiting for the next Porcupine Tree release.
B000002U82|4.0|This is by far one of the greatest albums of all time!Don't hate dark side finatics,but this is only my fourth favorite Pink Floyd album,beaten by The Wall(the greatest album ever)Meddle(musically the best album of all time)and Animals(musically the 2nd greatest album of all time).Sue me.       Despite that,I reccomend this album to any fan of the oldies or just,ANYONE!!!!!!!!
B00164KYV4|1.0|It is not worth buying but it is worth seeing once and only once. But seriously, don't pay to buy it.
B000000XB9|5.0|It is so nice to listen to these oldies from the past. Just like being at their concerts.
0785123490|5.0|Some stories have heroes and villains and are about the guys in the white hats punching the guys in the black hats in the face, Most times the guys in the black hats are just ;the bad guys' and have no real definition of character or purpose and the hero just fights them because he has nothing better to do on Saturday night. If that's how you feel about most super hero stories, then you might still want to give this book a second glance.    In this tale we have the villain in the role of the lovelorn teenager despite being quite old. His lust for the Mistress of Death leads him to successfully win ultimate power and do her bidding at slaying 1/2 of the sentient population of the universe. From there his bitterness at being shunned by the creature he loves, he turns his absolute power into a toy and the heroes must take down a mad god to win peace.    While the synopsis spells out the key points, it does not do justice to the story overall. There are many key pieces and puzzles for the reader to take in and walk away from. Thanos, the mad god, holds himself a Nihilist but still feels (or thinks he does) love for the Mistress of Death. A contradiction that he fails to recognize or acknowledge. The Devil constantly whispering over his shoulder and goading him on to darker deeds and depravity yet never is there the angel in the other ear. The character of Adam Warlock develops a strategy to guide the heroes that he eventually admits is just a distraction and his true plan is for them to die. Yet, in the end, despite sacrificing the heroes he manages to see the power of god taken away from the mad titan. While this story does have the 'black hat' in Thanos he is no Saturday morning cartoon villain and has motives and feelings that feel human even if childish and the white hats do not thrash the bad guy but are instead pawns used by those far less morally rigid to gain the most favorable result for the cosmos.    Its not too often that you find a story that blurs the lineof what a hero or villain is let alone one where the lines of power and to whom it should rest is so well told. This is a classic story and one that I take the time to read every year. Of this collection, I can only say these two things.    1.) Every fan of stories should read this work.    2.) Comic fans, like myself, should feel a little jaded in that the 1 story that should have been added to this collection is missing. I would have loved for Warlock and the Infinity Watch #1 (the trial after Thanos loses the gauntlet) to have been included. That first issue was a great epilogue to this tale but, alas, it was not printed in with the less than stellar sequel Infinity War GN either. Despite this oversight, it is still a must buy for those who never read the originals or needs a 'reading copy' to keep those originals in collectable shape.
B001IFZL50|4.0|I was in Iraq in 2003 too, we even has some of these guys show up at our camp to get supplies.   Excellent portrayal of reality 4/5. The only thing I disagree with was the poor portrayal of the officers.   I spent eight years in the Marine Corps with five different units, I can honestly tell you that the great majority of officers I ever served with where excellent marines, very competitive, knowledgeable and they were good at what they did, I have nothing but respect for them, I myself was enlisted so this is an honest and unbiased opinion.
B000002C1W|3.0|This was ummm an.........interesting album,to say the least.It was...okay I guess I definately haven't listened to the whole thing more than once,if even that.For me the only descent tracks were \\"On the Turning Away\\",\\"Terminal Frost\\" and \\"Learning to Fly\\".So if you like more modern music,listen to this you'll like it.But yet again the amazing thing about Pink Floyd really comes out here.They certainly were ahead of their time.       So like I sad if you're into the newer music,you'll love this album.Personally,I hate 21st century music.Tupac burn in hell man.Britanny Spears,lip singer,pop star,not a musician.Hannah Montana.Oh come on!Miley Cyrus is a great person I'm sure.I just don't like her music.However I absolutely HATE Billy Ray Cyrus.Uhhh he disgusts me!!!!!!!!!This album was undoubtedly better than The Division Bell.I reccomend it for the few good things there are about it.
0452295548|5.0|I have always wondered what it felt like to have a stroke.  Most people are not articulate regarding what they felt as it happened.  I'm so glad such an intelligent woman was able to tell us what she went through. But perhaps the most valuable thing was how to stop our brains from dwelling on the negative.  I learned so much about my own brain!
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I've seen several MJ concerts, but in my opinion this is the best out there, too much focus on the crowd going crazy though, but not a big issue.  I'm not a MJ fan but I remember I had this concert on VHS and I had to have it on DVD, selection of songs is pretty good.  You won't be disappointed with the show, Michael Jackson was a true genius and this DVD shows why he is the king of pop.  Amazing performer!.
B001992NUQ|5.0|I saw this movie back in my Engineering days .... Back in those days movies were either thrillers/action or comedies or romantic comedies .. and such. This movie was like a breeze of fresh air .. totally standing out from the stereotype ..... What can 1 say about the story .... the more you watch it ... more you fall in love with it .... You walk out for 5 min ... and you totally lose the thread .... Visually compelling .... powerful dialogues ..... and total powerhouse performances .... Brad Pitt and Edward Norton are mind-blowing ..... rarely get to see Brad in such a role (Snatch is his next best) ..... Excellent direction and editing ......<br /><br />This is a must watch for movie-buffs .... not for the light-hearted .....
B001CZVVWI|5.0|I don't get to the opera much any more, living in Palm Springs. I told my friends if I waited long enough, technology would bring the opera to me in a form as satisfying as a live performance. After a long wait, it has happened. This blu ray's crisp video and extaordinary audio left nothing out. What you get out of this disc will depend on the equipment that you have at home, but I can't image that anyone that loves opera will not appreciate this recording. The only criticism I have is that the sound engineers did not reverse the right and left channels during the overture when the camera is on the conductor. The conductor looks to his right for the cellos and basses and the sound comes out the speaker on the other side of the scene. Also no matter what other reviewers have said, if your system is good enough, the dts-ma sound track soars over the older dts on dvd sound.<br />As to the performance, I've never seen and heard anything like it. I'm up there in years and have seen barbers from New York to Los Angeles, but this performance is just stellar. The music seemed somewhat different to me and was a mystery in that sense until I watched some of the bonus material. Apparently this production went back to an earlier score than is used in most performances. Also while vibrato and tremmalo are usually the province of the higher register female singers, Juan Flores does this with perfection that I have not heard in a long time.<br />Fantastic performance and great recording technique on one disc.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This is a great show!!  If your in to the supernatural with a sexy twist, love it.
B0017ZB8M6|1.0|More dumb uninspired, talentless music the talentdeaf public will eat up.  I kissed a girl is one of the stupidest songs ever recorded.
B00009P1O5|3.0|First I want to point out that I really rate this at 3.5 not 3 stars but you can only use whole numbers on Amazon I guess. I liked the album alright but the problem was that I mainly liked it when I was drunk which was fairly often way back then so it was played a lot. My first reaction to it was that it was hastily slapped together and was rather sloppy and I still feel that way 25 years later. I wasn't very impressed with sound quality either but I've heard much worse. This album is LOUD so put some padding on your ceiling beforehand for when your head hits it.     OK the songs   OPERA STAR is a silly but kind of catchy tune I liked. SURFER JOE AND MOE THE SLEAZE is the best one by far. It's a classic 'weird' neil song with great guitars. I hope I don't ruin it for anyone here - the chorus goes : Come on down for a pleasure cruise - plenty of women and plenty of booze. Now how can any young guy like I was back then not like that idea ? T-BONE is a very loud bluesy song but gets dull very fast with Neil singing the same words over and over (easy to follow if drunk). GET BACK ON IT is kind of a bluesy country song but I can't say it's good even while drunk. SOUTHERN PACIFIC is one I'm mixed on - sometimes I like it and sometimes not. MOTOR CITY is another kind of country flavored song about Detroit auto woes with very loud guitars - pretty mediocre words. RAPID TRANSIT is sort of interesting but his voice is really pretty strained singing it . The last song SHOTS is very good and the only one I really felt he did with any passion and may be the loudest guitars I've ever heard before. I just listened to it to check and they are pretty amazing.    This is a below average album for Neil but like many of his other lesser albums it has a couple gems which makes it worth getting for hard core NY fans. If this album had come with a 12 pack it would have been a lot better.
B001BPJJ82|5.0|Where do you begin, certainly one of the most beautiful films ever made, up there with \\"The Red Shoes\\", \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\" and \\"The Wizard of Oz\\". Like a wonderful dream you don't want to end.   The young girl Catinca Untaru is a real find, Lee Pace of \\"Pushing Daisies\\" is perfect. I was surprised to learn he played the transgendered woman in \\"Soldier's Girl\\", I will have to see that film again.  I watched this film twice in one day, and a third time to listen to the Director's wonderful commentary.  The Blu-Ray DVD is among the best, the color, detail, a great transfer. Highly recommended.
0143035711|5.0|The Valley of Death  Yea that I fly through the Valley of Death I will fear NO man.  Like E.B Sledge's With The Old Breed, Warrant Officer Robert Mason's Chickenhawk is a war time classic and mandatory reading for anyone who want to know about how the war was really fought in Vietnam.  As a combat rescue pilot I can attest to Mr. Mason's accurate accounts of his personal experiences.  The Vietnam war was NOT pretty, often confusing, and filled with self-doubt, yet heroism was displayed on a daily basis as men and women fought not just for their country but mainly for their unit buddies.  Mason does a magnificent job of recounting how life in the most austere conditions can be weathered through camaraderie of spirit.  Being shot at on a daily basis either breaks a man or makes him tempered steel.  There is no good combat, but with friends and buddies even the most horrific of battle can be endured.  Robert Mason has done not only his country, but also all those who have ever fought a wonderful service in writing Chickenhawk.  It ain't pretty but it's the truth-If you can handle it.  Not for the squeamish.  Graphic violence and language.    Very strong recommend for those who want to know what fighting, dying, and living in combat is all about.  Terrific read at all levels.  Thank you Robert Mason, I salute you.
B001O7SMRG|5.0|Here's the deal, folks:  Buy it.  Seriously.  I don't care if you're a fan of CSN or have never heard of them.  This style of music, this sound, this evoked feeling...it's the precursor to what a lot of indie and alternative is today.  If you're a CSN fan, of course you know you have to have this.  You probably already do, in fact.  The people I'm really talking to now are the members of my generation and younger (I'm about 30), many of whom have never been introduced to this music or have turned their noses up at it for being outdated.    I'm telling you, put it on a playlist with DCFC (especially Plans or Transatlanticism), Iron & Wine, Blitzen Trapper, Bon Iver, even some Andrew Bird (just to name a few).  It will blend right in.  You won't regret it!
B000002KOG|5.0|I'd put this in the upper third of his albums and found it to be very different than what I'd expected since I'd heard Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere before this one.  I found it to be a very beautiful album though and enjoyed the soft synthesizers, strings and the unusual lyrics. It was like a mellow acid trip where the mind wanders but never is quite sure where it's going but enjoys getting there anyway. I found some of it to be like his stuff with Buffalo Springfield that had that erry edge to it. I don't know why exactly but my favorite song was The Last Trip to Tulsa - it was just so weird you can't forget it and was sort of fitting since the psychodelic rock scene was at it's peak around then. My favorite songs beside that were  The Loner (Neil is a loner too) , I've Been Waiting For You which I sort of thought was about a guy who'd done a lot of drugs looking for salvation ( I've been looking for a woman to SAVE my life...a woman with the feeling of losing once or twice (well I'm looking for this woman too) ) and finally the beautiful and jazzy The Old Laughing Lady.    There sure was a lot of great music and great acts back then and everything seemed so fresh unlike today but this was one of the more solid debut albums from the era I thought. Since I'd heard the very different sounding Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere before this one as I mentioned at the beginning, I was just wondering what he'd have in store for his third LP but was certain it'd be great. As we all know I was right about that :)    Well gotta go back to chopping down my palm tree now    Cheers
B0015XHP4K|5.0|This has been one of my favourites and watching it on Blue Ray is amazing!
1572814136|5.0|95% of my decks are in Rider-Waite style. So I wanted to buy real RW. This deck is very nice! The old good Rider - Waite in colorful, vibrant way! The colors are vibrant, but not harsh. The people's faces are jentle and peaceful. The size is ok, not large or tiny, just standart size. I am a beginner in Tarot, so this deck is for me.
B001GCUO1Q|5.0|Tough crowd we got going in here. All the rage over holes in plot, bad dialogue, bad story line, my 9-year-old can write a better plot, etc needs to just calm down.     What ever happen to watching a movie for pure entertainment? And in this case the enjoyment of special effects and seeing your favorite childhood characters in live action.     I'm sure director Gavin Hood and writers David Benioff and Skip Woods didn't have the Oscars in their minds while producing this film, althought it wouldn't hurt, it wasn't likely at all. They did it for the fans and for pure entertainment.     All you people that said it was a waste of your time certainly should of expected what was to come from a Marvel based movie to some degree. You want great plot and dialogue and all that can go watch A Beautiful Mind, No Country for Old Men, and Million Dollar Baby, not this movie.    Don't critique it like your writing a NY Times movie review. This isn't that type of movie.     For everyone else who wants to just sit down and have some fun in front of your big flat screen TV and chow down on some popcorn can order X-Men Origins: Wolverine and enjoy it.
B000I5XDXS|1.0|I have to take exception to what many have written; I think the audio on this disc is terrible!  Sure it's not as horrific as that Sting Live dvd (arguably the worst to date) but it is far from acceptable for this \\"musician's band\\".  The drum production in particular is quite poor.      For the record, am a fan of the band (overall), am an audio professional, own a recording studio, and reviewed this HD dvd via an excellent 7.1 tuned home theater.    I think that many Toto fans will be expecting both stellar performances and post production, and I can assure you that you will find neither on this disc.    I can however, strongly recommend the newer disc, Falling In Between.  Not out on Blu-Ray yet (it's rumored later this year or early next) the dvd blows away what you will find on the Amsterdam HD or Blu-Ray.    Trust me on this one audiophiles; skip Amsterdam and go right to Falling In Between.  the audio is pristine and the performances are much better too.
B000001E18|4.0|It is an ok album,(but not a U2) as i Want and like to hear dem.
B000002B49|5.0|Been wanting to reobtain this album for  years. Finally thru Amazon I got it. Wahoo!
0307269981|5.0|It was enthralling.  In Fire Larsson further proves that one can write a thriller defined by characters and psychology, more than mere action scenes and cliffhanger chapter endings.  I can't wait for \\"The Hornet's Nest\\"  And wish Larsson was around to have finished the series.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|Now firstly, I was not a Trekkie before seeing this opening weekend at the cinema in Digital projection. However though, the trailer looked amazing, and I remember watching the show on TV on the Space Network every morning before going to school. I also remember dressing up as Data from The Next Generation on TV.<br /><br />Anyways, last night I saw this in a packed cinema with every single seat taken. We had gotten tickets in advance, and got to the theater early. Good thing we did- the lineup was longer than the great wall of China! We were lucky to get good seats too. And boy, we LOVED this movie!<br /><br />Anybody would like this movie, even people who don't like Star Trek. Hell, Even my sister who didn't like the show loved the movie. There were even a lot of non-Trekkies in our theatre, if I had to guess.<br /><br />This movie is a reboot of the franchise, taking us back to the very beginning. We learn the origins of the characters Spock and James Tiberius Kirk, Kirk's bumbling misadventures at the Starfleet Academy, Spock and Kirk's rivalry, the Klingon, and much more.<br /><br />The movie is flat out perfection in every sense of the word. The special effects are excellent, the visuals are breathtaking. Sometimes there are Camera flares (meaning light relecting off the camera), adding to the \\"beautifully shot\\" feel of the movie. The action is top notch- The handheld camera adds to the intensity of the scenes (don't worry, the camera doesn't shake all over the place, you can actually see what's going on). There's tons of humor too- Kirk is HILARIOUS, as well as there are tons of hilarious moments in this movie, including Kirk getting all the injections- now that was hilarious!<br /><br />The best thing about the film is the casting- Chris Pine is awesome as Kirk, and is really funny here. I was surprised to find out he played Darwin Tremor in Smokin' Aces too- he was hilarious in that one as well. Karl Urban as McCoy, John Cho as Hikaru Sulu, and the sexy Zoe Saldanha as Uhura is awesome too. Anton Yelchin as Chekov and Simon Pegg as Scotty were hilarious too, Pegg was the PERFECT Scotty. Truly fit the quirkiness of the character.<br /><br />But the real high point of the performances is Zachary Quinto as Spock. He plays Spock perfectly. The look, the tone of voice... he really IS Spock. He makes a lot of Spockish facial expressions throughout too, he's really Nimoy-esque. Speaking of Leonard Nimoy, he's in the movie too! It was a great surprise to see the original Spock.<br /><br />So in short, do NOT miss this while it's in the cinema. Abrams has really nailed it here. Well, I'm now a fan of Star Trek thanks to this movie! People applauded at the cinema when the movie was over. I was one of those people, in fact I even yelled \\"YEAH!\\".Yelchin as Chekov and Simon Pegg as Scotty were hilarious too, Pegg was the PERFECT Scotty. Truly fit the quirkiness of the character.    But the real high point of the performances is Zachary Quinto as Spock. He plays Spock perfectly. The look, the tone of voice... he really IS Spock. He makes a lot of Spockish facial expressions throughout too, he's really Nimoy-esque. Speaking of Leonard Nimoy, he's in the movie too! It was a great surprise to see the original Spock.    So in short, do NOT miss this while it's in the cinema. Abrams has really nailed it here. Well, I'm now a fan of Star Trek thanks to this movie! People applauded at the cinema when the movie was over. I was one of those people, in fact I even yelled \\"YEAH!\\".
0066620996|3.0|As an independent OD consultant/researcher I would not argue with a 5 or a 1 star rating. On the 5 star side I have seen this book do a lot of good for companies. It is most often a step in the right direction by company standards. Its insights are by no means new or earth shattering to the well studied but most organizational leaders do not have a lot of time to be well studied. This book is easy and fun to read. It sure is a lot more enjoyable that reading thousands of scholarly articles. A wine connoisseur once told me the way to tell if a wine was good was if you enjoyed it. If you enjoy this book and find it helpful then it is deserving of 5 stars.    A recent article in an academic journal spelled out some of the problems of the research behind this book (revealed because the idea is not mine). The research behind this book does not look for cases in which the method is followed and they are still not successful. For instance identifying level 5 leaders will not reveal that all of their organizations are highly successful. Statistically speaking it is almost impossible to gather data on 10 great companies (by whatever standard you choose) and not find a group of characteristics to identify commonalities. That it was these characteristics that made the organizations great is another matter entirely. Certainly this book leaves out a lot of considerations such as the competitive environment. One of his companies even changed its basic function in order to find another environment to compete within. I am not sure this is a viable strategy for many. In any regard it has by no means been determined that competitive opportunities were not due to the economic environment more than the organizations. By the standards of research I think the book is left wanting.     There are arguments about the truth of the study. I am not sure that matters to most. If it is useful then who cares. I have yet to find even great research that has found the \\"truth\\". I figure if Einsteincould not nail it down then who am I to complain about another's inability to do so. I also find that the rigor of research is usually good but it also boxes out good ways of thinking at times. For my part I read this book when it first came out and thought it deserved 5 stars. I came to think it did not even deserve 1. Now I think I was wrong on both counts. Certainly finding its shortcomings was useful to me so perhaps it deserved 5 stars for becoming 1 star.
B0028SVXR6|5.0|I have been listening to and enjoying The Mars Volta for some years now.  Frances the Mute was always my favorite album.  This is my new favorite.    Thanks guys and keep up the great music!
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|If you can sit through this movie and do not find yourself giggling and tapping your foot or bobbing your head with absolute silly delight at this cast who are CLEARLY having a H$LL of a good time... make an appointment immediately to see a therapist for profound depression!<br /><br />The story is thin... and delightful. The \\"acting\\" is almost entirely over the top in every scene, but sufficiently shy of \\"eye rolling - OMG\\" melodramatic to hold your attention and your cookies. I felt actual physical pain and empathy for Pierce Brosnan every time that brave man \\"sang\\"... and couldn't help but cheer him on through every note for his raw courage. This movie is \\"scripted play,\\" and I'd KILL to have been on that set! Meryl Streep, as always, is awesome and adorable and endearing in this part... and she's got a wonderful warm voice I sincerely enjoyed listening to... and wonder why she's not done more singing parts.<br /><br />An utterly charming movie that I cannot watch three minute's worth without feeling that endorphin flow you usually only get with your very best mates at your looniest.<br /><br />Don't let \\"left over high school prejudice\\" against ABBA keep you from a seriously fun movie! The songs during the credits - alone - are worth the price of the DVD! ROFLMAO!!!
B000N2HCKQ|4.0|I have used so many of the lessons in this book to reinforce my sales.  The Curse of Knowledge is expained well.
0307460444|5.0|This is a great book! My grandmother wanted it after flipping through the pages in a doctors office, so I got online and found it. There is wonderful recipes in this book! We aren't dissappointed with this purchase at all!
B000LE1GVW|5.0|Got this product within a couple of days of my order even though I chose the snail mail option. Love the music too...no scratches at all.
0802136834|5.0|I'm  enjoying this book as it provides additional info of Henry VIII's life as I also view Tudors.
0743455967|4.0|Loved King's straightforward advice on writing and reading, and for living too.  He has a \\"no bull\\" style that speaks to me and rings of nothing but truth.  King is very generous with his advice.  This book has made me a better writer, not just in business, but in all aspects of my writing.  I've used many of his lessons.  This book also makes you a better reader too.
0307341569|4.0|I will agree with many reviewers who call out the dark tone of this novel.  There are really no 'men in white hats' here. just regular people who share some of their real thoughts. Like salander in the millennium series, libby day has been through a lot and is flawed because of it.  That being said, the story is fantastic and it was nice to see her grow into a slightly more peaceful adult as she was propelled along.  This is one of those mysteries that keeps you turning pages until you understand the puzzle. I am happy to say that i was unable to guess the ending, though there are still a few things left unanswered in my mind. Will be checking out her other book for sure
B000OONQ9O|3.0|Why did BLURAY comes with only 3 subtitle option?! this is a world famous movie!    PARAMOUNT, can't you dig it?!
B00164KYV4|5.0|This movie came in a timely manner, I was pleased with this film.  Not bad for a \\"chick flick\\"
B000FCKC4C|4.0|One of those books that you don't realize has an effect on you until you put it down.  Find someone else that has read it and then discuss.  Great for a book club since there are so many philosophical layers to it.  Appears to be a simple tale, but has so much depth to it.
B001EJIMUG|4.0|If you are contemplating the purchase or rental of this movie-rest assured your time and money will be well spent. It is clear from the outset that the folks behind this production took it seriously and worked diligently to bring to life the work of our dear Jane Austen. The casting is nearly perfect-I could insert my own tastes here-but that would not be of help in your decision making process. The bottom line is that that characters that are to be liked are likeable and those intended to offend do so quite well. The acting is superb-one almost feels like a fly on the wall in many scenes, they are so realistic and naturally acted! It is a bit fantastic that a spinster though is being sought after at some parts of the story by as many as three men at a time-but that is also what makes it so much fun. I wish I could offer a guarantee for your enjoyment if you are of a \\"persuasion\\" to enjoy Regency romance in the vein of the late Great Jane.
B0026OE2NY|1.0|i was expecting a nice planet earth like presentation of the planet earth and its beauty... then i watched it, it is just a political statement against capitalism.
B000SXBOP4|5.0|What can you say about Bowie? Well lots, but this is just a review. Well this CD is maybe the best of Bowie's. It's his first work that he become theatrical both in concert and in the music. The songs are strong in theme, as most of his later would show. It's moods very and yet have a strong center core of emotions and feelings that are subdued by the lyrics and themes which they speak of. This is just a great album. Get it.
0240810961|3.0|It just wasn't what I expected...I love to draw and it did give me some ideas but not much...I wish I had known this before I bought it....oh,well...
B000WTXDTY|4.0|I love this album or CD. it's just balanced in the right way, fast songs  and slow. Yet overall it's ROCK and it rocks. It's one for any music lovers collection.
1423107233|3.0|this is an interesting book to just sit down and look at or take the time to read...I had bought it hoping to better my drawing skills and I feel this book didn't do it...karen
B000AYEL6U|5.0|There could be no better imaginable adaptation of Elizabeth Gaskell's novel than this 2004 mini-series. Sandy Welch, who is the best of all BBC adaptors of great Victorian novels (despite the claims made for Andrew Davies), kept exactly to the spirit of Gaskell's great love story that explored the rise of the Northern manufacturing centers in the North of England and the shift of might in the country from the milder agrarian South. Intriguingly, Welch actually cut quite a bit from the novel's early chapters that explain in greater depth how Margaret Hale (Daniela Denby-Ashe) was transplanted with her family to the Northern city of Milton (meant to be a stand-in for Manchester) when her father (Tim Piggot-Smith), a mild-mannered reverend in the Southern counties, has a crisis of conscience and leaves his congregation. In Milton the Rev. Hale becomes the tutor to a wealthy self-made mill owner, the Byronic John Thornton (Richard Armitage), who falls for Margaret despite the disapproval of his steely mother (Sinead Cusack). But Margaret fears Thornton despises her for her family's loss of fortune, and Thornton worries that Margaret holds his trade in contempt...    Really, Gaskell's story has much in common with PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, although it has none of the humor but much more of a richer sociohistorical texture to it. Very wisely Welch emphasized the Austenian aspect of the love story while also adding some wonderful scenes of the inside of the Thornton factory, Marlborough Mills, which are presented stunningly (in an actual old textile mill with the original machines) as saturated with the choking fluff of cotton in the air. The cast is terrific, with Denby-Ashe, Piggott-Smith, and the finely nuanced Lesley Mandeville as the Hale family, although the greatest standouts are Cusack as the flinty Mrs. Thornton and the dashing Armitage as her proud son. (The popularity of this miniseries, which caught BBC executives by surprise, was attributed to Armitage making the same sort of splash in his role that Colin Firth did a decade earlier as Mr. Darcy; in a winning interview extra of the DVD set Richard Armitage notes that the comparison has been made and is charmingly humbled by it, and by the greatness of his role.) It's hard to imagine an even better Gaskell adaptation than Andrew Davies's WIVES AND DAUGHTERS a few years earlier, but this superb DVD miniseries accomplished exactly that.
B002BNKQDK|5.0|Hey! If you saw this movie and didn't like it then you must be a \\"legally blonde\\" type person because this is THE comic book super hero movie of all time so far. It was GREAT! I heard there is a Green Lantern movie coming out, if anyone out there knows anything about it I would sure appreciate the info, thanks.
B001FB55H6|5.0|It seems that nobody is luke warm on this movie... you love it or hate it.  That being said, let me lay out the conditions under which you may love it.    1.  You are a fan of the book.  2.  You want an adaptation that remains essentially true to the book.  3.  You understand that this is adult material:  this is not your grandpas superhero story.  4.  You are okay with social analysis being layered into a superhero film.  5.  You are not a whiney fan-boy or a sad-sack movie goer who can do nothing other than complain about details of any film that doesn't follow hollywood formulae... especially any film for which you have done zero research to see if you might enjoy it.  6.  You are someone who can appreciate a film, even when it is uncomfortable and inappropriate to watch in mixed company.    If you don't have the majority of those things in place, you may want to steer clear of Watchmen.  If you have these things in place, then buy this... don't rent.  It is an amazing film.  While the Director's cut does not change the essential film, it does add some details.
B000LXH0AE|4.0|A rather schizophrenic writer describes horror stories occuring simultaneously in reality with real living people she never ever got a clue of their existence.<br /><br />Surprisingly, a boring pedantic tax collector placed by her on a path to mortality has found this story-teller in a real life thanks to his acquaintance-a fun of her writing, and his life changed dramatically.<br /><br />A movie could be classified as a comedy for very slightly touching too many philosophical issues by a better-laughing-than-crying way, as drama of loneliness had been unfolded in the Big Apple once again.<br /><br />It is something similar with [[ASIN:B001R8B5TO Death Note Box Set 2]], but much less metaphysical and more New York-style pragmatic.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|I saw this show live in Vegas...I am not a huge Celine Dion fan, but this show is so beautifully done.  It is positively mesmerizing!  She has tremendous talent and the DVD is as wonderful as the live show.  A must-see!
B000006045|5.0|It is a music from the outer space-both calm and different from either usual hard-beat tunes and folk melodies.<br /><br />Simply pleasure.
B0026RHR6K|4.0|Amazing show.  I've only seen the first season, and have only watched the first disc of season 1 since I got this box set today, but I knew I had to buy this to see all of the episodes.    I'll agree for the most part with other reviewers about the box.   However, I think the main box is great.  It's the boxes that hold each season I have a slight problem with.  The DVDS slip into very thin cardboard (or thick paper) sleeves, each one offset from each other so the discs stagger upwards.   Good concept, except each time you take them out it slides against the cardboard, causing scratches if theres any sort of dirt or dust in there.   Another VERY MINOR annoyance to me was the very front flap would fold in the improper spot, again, very minor, and hard to describe, but it did it for every season, so I'm sure others have noticed what I'm talking about.  The holders are made from 1 long sheet of paper, folded several times.  Then, when placed in the box, the discs can't leave from the side, so they just sit in there.  The front of the sleeves goes all the way to the bottom of the box and the back flaps do not.  This weight causes the front flap to be pulled down and re-fold at a different spot.  Again, this sounds minor, but it is very noticeable to me.    The following couple of paragraphs go into detail of the fixes I had, if you don't own the boxset, It will be difficult to know what I'm talking about because you need to understand how the discs are held (its hard to explain.....)    However, I have made fixes for both of these.   For the first problem, I took an old DVD carrying case that I no longer used and cut off the plastic covering, leaving only the soft material used for the back.  I cut out 25 of these (1 for each disc) and taped one to where the disc would sit (I took out the cardboard slips of course).  The size I cut makes it so you can't see the white (in my case) soft material that protects the back of the disc when all of the discs are in, and you cansee a tiny bit of each one when the disc is absent.  This makes it look nicer/normal in the case, however it doesn't protect the very top of the disc.  I am just careful every time I put a disc in to make sure it gets in front of backing and make sure the backs of the discs don't hit any of the paper of the sleeves.   I'm not sure how much this helps, but figured it couldn't hurt.    NOTE:  I taped it with Scotch tape, folded it on top of itself into thin strips so it essentially was double sided tape.  I just did 1 thin long strip across the top.  If it becomes a problem with the bottom not being taped, I'll fix it later, but so far it works fine.    For the second problem, I just took duct tape (because its stronger) folded it onto itself, making \\"double-sided\\" tape, and placed it behind the first flap, near the real fold, and just stuck the 2 pieces (the back of the first disc holder, and the front of the 2nd disc holder) together.   This holds the weight of the rest of the discs/sleeves up and makes it so a new fold cannot be created.      Sorry if this is hard to understand... hopefully  people understand what I'm talking about.... if not, I'm only out about 10-15 minutes.    Anyway, besides these slight annoyances, I really enjoy the case and I like the look of the box.  The cylon figure is kinda cheap, and looks a lot better just sitting in the box than on my shelf.  I am not disappointed at all with my purchase.  Also, I would not decided to not purchase this based on the packaging.  However, it doesn't warrant a purchase if you already own some of the seasons on DVD.
B001QBC4AG|5.0|The Who's third album entitled The Who Sell Out was released in December of 1967 in the UK and January of 1968 here in the US.<br />Up to Sell Out, The Who were a singles band and their first two albums The Who Sings My Generation and A Quick One (Happy Jack as it was known as here in the US) all had their moments but the band were still trying to find their feet as a band. While their first two efforts did well in their native England and even had a US Top 30 hit with \\"Happy Jack\\", The Who (comprised of lead singer Roger Daltrey, guitarist Pete Townshend, the late bass player John Entwistle and drummer Keith Moon (also dearly departed)) toured the US and gained a following. By the time The Who Sell Out was released, The Who were poised for superstardom as I found out when I first heard the album in June of 1989 on the double album repackage of this and A Quick One (Happy Jack).<br />The whole premise of the album is that it's a concept album about an outlawed British pirate radio station program complete with fake commercials connecting the songs. In fact, some of the commercials become full-fledged songs.<br />We open with Radio Jingle 1 which segues into \\"Armenia City In the Sky\\" which is a great British psychedelic rocker (and it wasn't even written by Townshend but by Thunderclap Newman member John Keene). Then after Radio London 2 is The Ox's \\"Heinz Baked Beans\\" (funny track). Next is \\"Mary Anne With the Shaky Hands\\" which is a nice acoustic piece (an electric version appears as a bonus track). Then after the Premier Drums/Radio London 3 jingle is Townshend's \\"Odorono\\" which is sung superbly by Pete and is a great rocker. After another Radio London jingle is the tongue-in-cheek \\"Tattoo\\" which would be a concert staple for The Who over the next 15 years off and on. Following that is another Radio London jingle which gives way to the lovely \\"Our Love Was\\" with its razor sharp electric guitar break (not present on the original mono mix) coupled with Townshend's beautiful clean electric playing and Entwistle's French horn accents. After this is Speakeasy/Rotosound Strings 1 which gave way to the ultimate Who single \\"I Can See for Miles\\" which is a great rocker and was The Who's biggest hit here in the US hitting the Top 10.<br />The second half starts with a country-ish Charles Atlas commercial which segues into the beautiful \\"I Can't Reach You\\". Next is another commercial penned by The Ox called \\"Medac\\" about an acne cream. \\"Relax\\" follows and is a nice number. Next is The Ox's tale about a Scrooge fellow names \\"Silas Stingy\\". Next is the beautiful \\"Sunrise\\" which is just Pete and his guitar. We end the original album with \\"Rael\\" which was a mini-opera along the lines of \\"A Quick One While He's Away\\" (which appeared on the previous album). Some of the themes here would creep into the next Who album Tommy. On both original mixes of the album there was a bad edit but the master tape was destroyed so the fixing from the 1995 reissue isn't present here. Hence why it's still good to have both versions to compare and contrast.<br />The Who Sell Out was another Top 20 hit album for the band in the UK and was the band's first album to hit the US Top 50 peaking at #48 in 1968.<br />When the album was first remastered in 1995 (in a re-mixed form), it featured loads of bonus tracks. In addition to several previously unreleased commercials (like Coca-Cola), there's the unreleased \\"Glittering Girl\\" and their version of \\"Hall of the Mountain King\\". Then there are the tracks \\"Rael 2\\", \\"Jaguar\\", \\"Early Morning Cold Taxi\\" and \\"Girl's Eyes\\" which were released a year earlier on the band's Thirty Years of Maximum R&B box set. Plus there is the Entwistle-penned \\"Someone's Coming\\" which first appeared on the 1968 US compilation The Who Magic Bus On Tour. \\"Mary Anne with the Shaky Hands\\" featuring Al Kooper on organ was previously unreleased.<br />On this new re-mastered 2-CD reissue (which has the original stereo mix on CD 1 and the long out ofprint Mono mix on CD 2) and quite a few more unreleased tracks (one of which is the studio version of \\"Summertime Blues\\" and a previously unreleased instrumental called \\"Sodding About\\") and lost mixes of some of the album's tracks. There's also a very informative booklet that tells the story of the album plus photos and info on when each track was recorded and mixed).<br />RECOMMENDED!) and quite a few more unreleased tracks (one of which is the studio version of \\"Summertime Blues\\" and a previously unreleased instrumental called \\"Sodding About\\") and lost mixes of some of the album's tracks. There's also a very informative booklet that tells the story of the album plus photos and info on when each track was recorded and mixed).   RECOMMENDED!
B000N5ZLLA|5.0|If they ever decided to make a live-action \\"Dilbert\\" movie, it might resemble \\"Office Space.\\"<br /><br />There's a lot of the same bitter surreality infused in this hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge (of \\"Beavis & Butthead\\" fame), all about three rebellious office employees who have finally had enough. Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion, this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job. Which is just about everybody.<br /><br />Peter (Ron Livingston) spends every day in a cubicle, doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss Bill Lumbergh (Gary Cole). His life is boring, and he doesn't even have the confidence to tell a waitress (Jennifer Aniston) that he likes her.<br /><br />Because layoffs are impending, Peter accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session, and is instructed to relax. Unfortunately, the hypnotist dies of a heart attack... while Peter is still under his hypnotic influence. And nobody snaps him out of it. The next morning, Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job, and live fat and happy.<br /><br />He conspires with fiery Samir Nagheenanajar (Ajay Naidu) and the ill-named Michael Bolton (David Herman) -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company's assets with a secret computer virus. Only problem is, their scene is rapidly spinning out of control when the virus goes glitchy haywire -- and their scheme is threatened with exposure.<br /><br />\\"Office Space\\" started off as an early 90s animated skit, featuring the character of Milton. You know, that increasingly deranged employee who complains that \\"you took my stapler.\\" This time, Milton is a minor character, although a pivotal one. The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech -- sort of like a crazier version of \\"The Office.\\"<br /><br />And Judge knows how to wring all the bitter comedy from this scenario. He creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers, layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film (\\"Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh... uhhhhhhh...\\"). There's a less interesting subplot about Peter's unstable relationship with the equally POed-about-her-job waitress, but the real draw here is all the corporate cheating and craziness.<br /><br />This brand of humor is twisted, down to the slow-motion, ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field, and Peter receiving a raise because he no longer cares if he gets fired. And of course, the dialogue is quietly insane (\\"Oh, and next Friday... is Hawaiian shirt day...\\") as the plot grows grows more and more tense... until you know someone has to snap. You can see who it is way in advance, but it's no less hilarious when it happens -- with disastrous consequences.<br /><br />The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there's Peter, whose newfound perspective about what is important in life is immensely entertaining. There's Samir, who can barely restrain his simmering rage at his rotten job, or his deep hatred for the copier. And there's Michael, who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT sappy singer. As for Cole, he's utterly brilliant as a boss who is as endearing and appealing as a rake on a chalkboard.<br /><br />\\"Office Space\\" has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny, strange, and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles. When you aren't laughing your butt off, you'll be cheering on the disgruntled salami-slicers.s a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers, layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film (\\"Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh... uhhhhhhh...\\"). There's a less interesting subplot about Peter's unstable relationship with the equally POed-about-her-job waitress, but the real draw here is all the corporate cheating and craziness.     This brand of humor is twisted, down to the slow-motion, ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field, and Peter receiving a raise because he no longer cares if he gets fired. And of course, the dialogue is quietly insane (\\"Oh, and next Friday... is Hawaiian shirt day...\\") as the plot grows grows more and more tense... until you know someone has to snap. You can see who it is way in advance, but it's no less hilarious when it happens -- with disastrous consequences.     The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there's Peter, whose newfound perspective about what is important in life is immensely entertaining. There's Samir, who can barely restrain his simmering rage at his rotten job, or his deep hatred for the copier. And there's Michael, who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT sappy singer. As for Cole, he's utterly brilliant as a boss who is as endearing and appealing as a rake on a chalkboard.     \\"Office Space\\" has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny, strange, and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles. When you aren't laughing your butt off, you'll be cheering on the disgruntled salami-slicers.
1840225564|5.0|This is a very good collection of the Jane Austen series!  For a great value I can enjoy all of my favorite novels for less than the price of one.
B00260HH3K|1.0|Ok there are 7 dragon balls and they did use the character names from Dragonball Z.  But other than that the story line had nothing to do with Dragonball Z.  If you are familiar with the series you will be extremely disappointed.  If you aren't familiar with Dragonball Z skip this and watch the anime. I could go into more detail about how they changed: when characters met, the motivations of individual characters and how they changed the story line from the original series but it would lead to too many spoilers for anyone who has not seen the anime.  Overall it was just disappointing.
B000000H6Y|5.0|Bloody Kisses. There really isn't much that can be said about this album because it's a must-listen to really appreciate the music. I could type until I ran out of space and would still be unable to fully impress upon anyone the greatness of this album. From \\"Christian Woman,\\" to \\"Black no. 1\\"\\" this album is absolutely amazing. You really just have to listen to it to truly appreciate the music and the band. If you are not (or not sure you are) a fan of Type O Negative, this album would cement your feelings one way or the other. A true surprise on this album is the cover song \\"Summer Breeze.\\" Originally released in 1972 by Seals & Crofts, this cover is definitely not something that you would think to hear from Type O Negative, but it is an excellent cover! Peter Steele's deep voice lends something to the song that the original version just didn't have. \\"Can't lose you\\" is a love song of sorts that is somewhat repetitive (sp?), but is good nonetheless. \\"Blood & Fire\\" is AMAZING! It is about the loss of someone you love without knowing why you've lost them. \\"Too Late: Frozen\\" begins in such a way that you think it may be a slower song, but then it kicks in. It is perfect blend of blasting riffs and soothing vocals. It is hard to truly describe the song well, but one listen and you will understand why the song is so awesome!
B001VPJYZK|5.0|This must be well written, directed and acted I tell myself.  Because if it isn't, I've turned into a complete moron.  I wish I could say that I didn't avidly see this each and every week and wholly enjoy it.  But I do.  All five seasons and this one was no exception.<br /><br />Premise: 5 mostly married women in affluent suburbia and their trials and tribulations as such.  A sixth is dead, killed herself in her house at the start of season 1.  She narrates the entire show and I really enjoy her narration. The series jumped ahead five years in season five and that ended up being a good move because pursuing the same problems from the prior four seasons may have been tedious.  5 years ahead there are so many new problems that you didn't need to concern yourself with what was done.<br /><br />The strength of the show is in its writing and directing.  There is not a wasted word or scene in each episode.  Each episode manages to be both dramatic and darkly comic at the same time.  This writing and directing is what keeps this show from descending into soap opera.  If the skilled use of dark comedy was not used effectively throughout, this series would descend into mawkish melodrama.  Because of this wit, style and writing, I don't really care what the recent crises are on the show, I care about seeing how they handle it as a piece of dark comic theater.<br /><br />Don't worry about losing one of the housewives on this show, worry instead about the geniuses behind the camera who are creating this each week.  They are the ones who make this work.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
0385341008|5.0|This was a beautifully written book with complex, rich characters.  The setting is beautiful. The landscape provides the reader with hope.  Highly recommend this book.
B00164KYV4|4.0|This is an ensemble piece with three different couplings-uncouplings at its core.  The two which were quite good and enjoyable are those with Gigi (Ginnifer Goodwin) and Janine (Jennifer Connelly).  The one I didn't like or believe was Beth (Jennifer Aniston).<br /><br />I don't get the popularity of Jennifer Aniston in the movies.  I find her completely unconvincing both in this movie and her other movies.  It has gotten so bad for me with her that I now skip any movie she is in.  The only thing more tiresome than her movie romances are her real world romances.  Because I like Goodwin and Connelly a lot though, I couldn't skip this movie. Aniston is why this film lost a star for me.  I found her romance with Affleck totally unbelievable and I couldn't picture these two getting married.......ever.<br /><br />Otherwise, the moral of the movie is, \\"If a guy says he'll call and doesn't, he's not in the hospital with a broken number-dialing finger; he's just not that into you\\".  There is so much truth in this statement and also in the accompanying statement that we woman do not want to hear this truth.  We also don't want our gal pals to hear it so lie to them about how \\"he must really be into her\\".  Ha!<br /><br />At the opposite end of the spectrum is the movie's heart, Gigi (Ginnifer Goodwin).  I've been watching Goodwin on  BIG LOVE on HBO and she has been quite good in that series as a polygamous Mormon wife. Gigi is the one who wears her heart on her sleeve and usually scares the guys off.  Making things worse, her best friends, Aniston and Connelly, always convince her that the guy must really be into her and that he will call.  They should instead be telling her to wear her heart less on her sleeve and not to be so optimistic.  You worry though that if they did tell her this that she might lose a good deal of her charm and appeal. A street wise bar owner (Justin Long) sets her straight on why and when she will not hear back from certain men.<br /><br />It is easy to believe that Jennifer Connelly is the one with an Oscar for her acting as she has the toughest role in the movie.  Her husband is having an affair.  Connelly provides many dimensions to being the wife in a marriage worsening scenario.  She even develops a tic, she becomes obsessed with discovering whether he is smoking on the sly.<br /><br />This movie convinces you that maybe the kindest thing you can do is tell your women friends, \\"he's just not that into you,\\" on a regular basis so they remove the scales from their eyes and get on with the business of living their lives and maybe being able to see when \\"he is that into you\\" as the truth.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.lly is the one with an Oscar for her acting as she has the toughest role in the movie.  Her husband is having an affair.  Connelly provides many dimensions to being the wife in a marriage worsening scenario.  She even develops a tic, she becomes obsessed with discovering whether he is smoking on the sly.    This movie convinces you that maybe the kindest thing you can do is tell your women friends, \\"he's just not that into you,\\" on a regular basis so they remove the scales from their eyes and get on with the business of living their lives and maybe being able to see when \\"he is that into you\\" as the truth.    Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00000K3CM|4.0|My six year old loves this movie and watches it over and over. He memorizes quotes from the movie and blurts them out at the funniest moments. A good family movie, though I did have to mention to my son that he is not to speak to us the way \\"Kevin\\" speaks to his parents!
B001AHM2C6|4.0|You develop a new appreciation for the boldness of the soundtrack when you can listen to it on its own--although it's more fun, of course, to watch the movie. We actually used this on Halloween and synched up lights to it to play to freak out trick-or-treaters. It was fun!
0393039765|4.0|I had seen the movie adaptation of this book many times before I finally bought the book. The book is excellent and written in a style that is at times anecdotal and at other times stream of conciousness. I enjoyed this book enough that I have since purchased several more of Palahniuk's books and I am enjoying them as well. This is one of those rare times, though, when I have to say that the movie was better than the book. Very little was changed and what was changed only served to make the story that much better. This book was recommended to me by many friends and I would recommend it to many of my friends as well.
B001O1Y6KY|4.0|Hopeless Records helped sign Avenged Sevenfold and grant them to stardom, they also helped helped reissue their first two records \\"Sounding the Seventh Trumpet\\", and \\"Waking the Fallen\\" respectively.<br />These 2008 vinyl only reissues handle a decent reissue price.<br /><br />\\"Waking the Fallen\\" is a metalcore album with a few recognized singles, and probably A7X's first true sign of promise. Specifically the vinyl copy is a two record set, gatefold, and both records are colored. They range from opaque greys to swirled grey, the vinyl is kinda noisy (both copies I own), but I'm thinking that's due to rushed production to cash in on the vinyl craze.<br /><br />For two colored records somewhat heavy vinyl, and a big artist reissue prices could have been higher (like the Capitol reissues). Most of the people I've met only have this in the MP3 format, so yes this is going to sound better, but a CD copy is near identical and should suffice. This is more a collectors item, the noise floor is somewhat rough on softer tracks.<br /><br />The only real gripe I have with this set is the way they put they arranged the tracks determining sides. Yes they didn't alter the track listing, but the epic two part \\"I Wont See You Again Tonight\\" has been separated by sides. Sides C and D, you lose the momentum the songs acquire. Shame as they really were the pivotal moments of the album.<br /><br />If you are a fan of the band and don't earn a turntable this still makes for good art deco, if you own a turntable it's listenable but not amazing in the least bit sound wise. I think the first album makes for the better reissue (As generally even on CD it's a bit more scarce). You get a bang for your buck, but it could of offered a bit more on the quality side then the looks.
B00005QGAX|5.0|This is by far my favorite michael Jackson CD. EVERY Song is great! I can listen to this on repeat all day and never get sick of it. DEF. a must have for all MJ fans
B001O1ZQTE|5.0|Hopeless Records has taken the liberty in enabling A7X fans to enjoy the groups first two hard heavy albums on vinyl. They reissued both in 2008 on colored vinyl limited to 3,000 copies each. Each set has two records, are both housed in gatefold packaging, and are nice to look at... how about the sound?<br /><br />Well lenience is right for \\"Sounding the Seventh Trumpet\\" the groups debut, the production was always a bit rough. \\"Waking the Fallen\\" is a bit nosier then I recall, especially on quieter segments. \\"Sounding the Seventh Trumpet\\" sounds a tad bit more open then the CD copy (this probably is just me).<br /><br />This is the better of the two available, the artwork is much more thought out inside the gatefold packaging, the cover still looks nice (slightly bleached colors), and the two colored records inside are nice for the price! A dirty grey record and a see through purple with swirled bits. Waking has two greyish records, so for those looking just for a quick snag on A7X memorabilia this is definitely more pleasing (disregarding nostalgic regards).<br /><br />If you can only pick up one of the two reissues pick this one up, and if you can set some money aside for the self entitled album from 2007, sounds great on 180 gram vinyl.
B001PR0Y5S|3.0|Sandra Bullock is a superb actress who knows her audience.  The type of character she plays here - a single woman with a tough if not abusive exterior persona hiding a very vulnerable, lonely interior - is played to perfection.  But then again, this is the type of character she is known-for: her \\"brand.\\"<br /><br />That said, the producers of this film have chosen to play it safe rather than break new ground.  The basic storyline, themes and characters will be very familiar to Bullock fans.  You've seen them over and over again in other wonderful Bullock films, such as [[ASIN:6304765266 While You Were Sleeping]] and [[ASIN:B00005AAA9 Miss Congeniality]].<br /><br />We do have fun, engaging performances from excellent actors such as Betty White (best known for her work in the TV series \\"Golden Girls\\"); Craig T. Nelson (who was the voice of \\"Mr. Incredible\\" in the wonderful Pixar film [[ASIN:B00198X0WM The Incredibles [Blu-ray]]]); and Academy Award winner Mary Steenburgen.  Betty White's character, the grandmother of Bullock's love interest \\"Andrew\\" (played by Ryan Renolds), is hilarious at times: a character who is much more counter-cultural than her octagenarian exterior at first suggests.  - But then again, like Bullock's character, this is a type of role White has often had in both Film and TV in recent years - and she does an excellent job with it here.  Sadly, all of these characters could have used a bit more development in the film: they're well done, but lack depth.<br /><br />With one exception, there is little in this film to make it stand out from Ms. Bullock's other Romantic Comedies: the use of well known comedic actors in supporting roles, having a well known handsome hunk as the love interest, and so on, are all nothing new for Bullock - nor for Romantic Comedies in general.<br /><br />That one exception is the nearly nude scene between Bullock and Ryan Reynold's characters.  Other than demonstrating that Bullock has put lots of effort into maintaining a magnificent figure well into her 40's, and using just barely (sic) enough camera blocking limbs and a washcloth.  Seemingly engineered to acheive an \\"R\\" rating for the film, this particular scene feels very contrived.  It does little to illuminate the audience about the developing relationship between the two main characters.  The time spent here should have been used for a couple of shorter scenes devoted to that purpose.<br /><br />Finally I was a little disappointed by the film's purported setting in Sitka, Alaska.  I have been to Sitka, and it is a beautiful place: magnificent views of a volcano (Mt. Edgecomb) and a quirky downtown featuring a Russian Orthodox Church (the \\"Cathedral of St. Michael\\") smack in the middle of the town's main street.  All of this beautiful scenery is missing from the film.  The town in the film looks more like a well established, quaint and quirky New England fishing village than Sitka, which has a bit more of a \\"frontier\\" and \\"wide open spaces\\" feel to it - as I think is typical of most seaside towns in Alaska.  So, I sat through the film looking for familiar Alaskan landmarks, only to see in the credits that most of the exterior shots were, in fact, done in my home state of Massachusetts, and in Rhode Island.  --- Which means that you really are seeing a well established, quaint and quirky New England fishing village in the film, rather than Sitka.<br /><br />Despite all this, I had a smile on my face throughout the film.  Each time I looked over at my beloved's face, she was sporting quite a grin herself.  \\"The Proposal\\" is for the most part a cute and fun film.  It does a good job with a tried and true formula - just don't expect to see much that is different from what you've seen in previous Bullock films.<br /><br />I'll rate this film as three stars: entertaining and a good date flick; but one where the producers decided it was best to play it very safe - deliberately avoiding taking the risks that could have turned this average Romantic Comedy into a great one.
B001UW58WW|5.0|Beautiful music, really liked the mix of AC/DC, Queen, Metallica with classical music. Originally saw the video on PBS, he really enjoys his music and his showmanship makes it enjoyable for the audience.
0307269981|1.0|I am very disappointed in \\"the girl Who Played with Fire\\". The dialogue is trite, the characters don't relate to each other and the action is dull compared to the first novel. What was most annoying was the repetitive telling and retelling of the story-line and the continual reference to the previous action in that book. As a matter of fact, I feel so duped that I am even imagining that Mr. Larsson did not write the book but gave an outline that was filled in by someone else. It's the only explanation for the sloppy editing. I'm going to sell my copy ASAP and will not bother with the next one. What a diasappointment!
B000002I6V|5.0|I thank you Amazon, once again for coming through, and also to the staff of the music store, I purchased this \\"musical masterpiece\\" from. Every song on this CD, was well written by Graham Nash! Joe Scalise.
B0007MWZEK|1.0|The first one I purchased lasted almost a year so I thought I would buy a replacement. The second one stopped working after the first use. The gears and shafts get easily bound up with hair and then the motor won't run. Would probably last if there wasn't a trace of hair on the floor but with two daughters and a wife with long hair this is a waste of money. I would recommend it only to a bald person.
B000J10EQU|3.0|There was a good idea lurking in Superman Returns, unfortunately it is saddled with bad casting, mediocre acting and a pace that is deadlier than Kryptonite.<br /><br />Director Bryan Singer truly was doing an homage to the original Christopher Reeve Superman films (the first two...he, like the rest of us just want to forget Superman 3 & 4) and his love for those films permeates this new incarnation. He reuses the original theme, the Lois/Superman love theme and raises Jor-El from the dead by using footage of Brando from the first film. There are also winking nods to the original films in the dialog (\\"\\"I hope this hasn't put anyone off flying. Statistically speaking, it's still the safest way to travel.\\") and Superman's first arrival is once again saving a plane. Unfortunately, what Singer's homage does is remind you how excellent the originals were and keeps you wishing that you were watching them instead.<br /><br />Mostly, the problem with Superman Returns is the casting. Brandon Routh as Clark/Superman is adequate at best. He has neither the charm nor the self effacing humor of Reeve in the role. And Kate Bosworth as Lois has absolutely no personality, let alone the spunk and drive that made Margot Kidder's Lois such a great portrayal (and, indirectly, led to Demi Moore becoming a star when General Hospital put out a casting call for a \\"Lois Lane/Margot Kidder\\" type for their soap, and Moore was their answer to the call.) The overrated Parker Posey stands in for Valerie Perrine in the Miss Teschmacher role (renamed but not retooled for the newest film), and she has none of the natural comic ability that Perrine had. But worst of all is Kevin Spacey yawning his way through Lex Luthor, the \\"greatest criminal mind of our time.\\" Now Lex Luthor is a brilliant character...too brilliant for his own good; yet Spacey has no wit, no charm, no overwhelming sense of hubris that should define the role and which Gene Hackman had skads of in the original pictures. The result...a lackluster performance leading to a lackluster plot.<br /><br />What I liked about the piece is (1) it truly is a sequel (not a \\"reinvention\\") to the original pictures, (2) it doesn't spoon feed us the stuff that happened in the first 2 movies and (3) the twist with the origin of Lois' son--while not a surprise--had the potential to create some interesting emotional tweaks.<br /><br />The emotional through line is Clark's struggle to know who he is and find family. This is evident by the set up of Brando's dialog lifted from the first movie. Unfortunately, Routh doesn't have the acting chops to carry that through line to the place it needs to go. It is a good attempt by the screenwriters, but Mario Puzo's screenplay for the first film does it so much better (and, honestly, how do you beat Mario Puzo?)<br /><br />I would love to have seen this film made 20 years ago with the original cast, as I think it would have been a nice addition to the legacy with some script and pace tweaking In lieu of that, major casting changes in this version would have helped: Gene Hackman could have reprized his role and raised this to a whole other level. I don't know who I would have chosen for Superman, but Demi Moore would have been an excellent choice for Lois.<br /><br />All in all...not a bad film, but not a particularly good one. It did have potential and if you watch it as an homage to the Reeve films, you'll likely enjoy it more...and then you'll want to watch those films.rformance leading to a lackluster plot.    What I liked about the piece is (1) it truly is a sequel (not a \\"reinvention\\") to the original pictures, (2) it doesn't spoon feed us the stuff that happened in the first 2 movies and (3) the twist with the origin of Lois' son--while not a surprise--had the potential to create some interesting emotional tweaks.    The emotional through line is Clark's struggle to know who he is and find family. This is evident by the set up of Brando's dialog lifted from the first movie. Unfortunately, Routh doesn't have the acting chops to carry that through line to the place it needs to go. It is a good attempt by the screenwriters, but Mario Puzo's screenplay for the first film does it so much better (and, honestly, how do you beat Mario Puzo?)    I would love to have seen this film made 20 years ago with the original cast, as I think it would have been a nice addition to the legacy with some script and pace tweaking In lieu of that, major casting changes in this version would have helped: Gene Hackman could have reprized his role and raised this to a whole other level. I don't know who I would have chosen for Superman, but Demi Moore would have been an excellent choice for Lois.    All in all...not a bad film, but not a particularly good one. It did have potential and if you watch it as an homage to the Reeve films, you'll likely enjoy it more...and then you'll want to watch those films.
0385340575|4.0|Lee Child's Jack Reacher series started to show some of its age in its twelfth book, \\"Nothing to Lose.\\"  Things just seemed a bit tired - too many references to the merits of a cup of coffee, a sub-standard villain, and Reacher seemed to be more of a jerk than usual.  This didn't diminish Child's achievement - how many series can sustain excellence over 12 books?    Fortunately for all Reacher fans out there, \\"Gone Tomorrow\\" is a return to form for both Child and Reacher.  This is a thinking man's book wrapped inside a muscular torso - just like Reacher himself.      The opening chapter sets the scene perfectly.  Reacher is on the NYC subway in the wee hours of the morning, and he has spotted a potential suicide bomber.  For a man who resembles a gorilla more than a normal person, Reacher has one encyclopedic mind, and he runs through the Israeli checklist for suicide bombers with military precision.  (Mild spoiler alert)  But as he confronts the bomber - a lone, middle aged white American woman - she does something unexpected.  She blows her own head clean off with a massive pistol.    Reacher is now Involved, as only he can be.  For reasons known only to him and that mystify the various NYPD detectives, federal agents, U.S. Senate candidates, and Al Qaeda operatives Reacher will meet during the course of this book, Reacher marches forward in an attempt to bring a little slice of justice to the world.    Once again, Child brings the usual cliches.  Reacher may not hop into bed as often as James Bond, but in virtually every book he is guaranteed to shack up with a Reacher Girl - an all-American girl, clean, lean, and gorgeous.  He's also guaranteed to bust some teeth, noses and limbs as only a decorated major from the MPs can.  And he is going to solve some fantastic conundrums, such as how to find a terrorist hiding out in a safe house in the middle of Manhattan, with textbook precision.    My favorite Reacher books are those where Child writes Reacher in the firstperson - it's fun to be inside the big lug's head.  Child gives the reader this treat in \\"Gone Tomorrow.\\"    Thank you, Mr. Child, for creating another stellar entry into the Jack Reacher series.  Here's looking forward to Book 14.
B00005TQKQ|5.0|This product will help clean the heads of your Sony Videocamera.  It is an excellent product.
0586045449|5.0|How truly delighted I am to see another reviewer's reference to Kingsley Amis supposedly having considered this to be one of the ten best books of the 20th Century. To this accolade can be added Anthony Burgess's opinion of it being amongst the finest 99 books written in the English language since 1939. After that, anything I can contribute will be of little consequence I suspect. But this is a book like no other so I'm going to weigh in.<br /><br />Five hundred pages, around one hundred characters and set within a single day and night, Deighton has pulled off an impossible feat. Further, I would boldly venture that this book should become the definitive work of reference about the British bombing campaign; the author, after all, claims to have read more than two hundred books in order to have written this one. On the one hand, the detail is mind-boggling in its rigour, whether it be the exact cost of a Lancaster bomber, the colour of the dashboard lights on a German night fighter or the arrangement of sewage pipes in a German town. On the other hand, the experience and reaction of ordinary townspeople to being bombed by seven hundred aircraft will surely never again be portrayed in all of its forensic horror like Deighton has done here. What makes Deighton unique, though, is his being a single voice in describing both sides of the story. It's probably impossible to remember all one hundred characters but one comes to care a great deal for almost all of them, whether British or German.<br /><br />And so for me, above all else, this magnificent novel gave me startling new insights into my own qualities of compassion and humanity, ones that perhaps I didn't really expect to experience within the confines of a novel about a vicious and savage war. Maybe this is Len Deighton's supreme achievement, and if so it's no wonder that Amis and Burgess should have shown this novel such high regard. Either way, this is a work of staggering accomplishment, and not a little genius. Everyone should read it.d read it.
6304712936|5.0|Ordered video dvd as a gift for a friend in Mexico  It was sent to him and arrived on time  The service was first class
B000002UAU|4.0|This album has been highly praised but does it deserve it? For the most part definitely but it is not the Beatles best album let alone the best album of all time. I'll say that it is definitely in the top ten though. So why is this album not all its cracked up to be? Well it is not very even. There are some great numbers paired with some blah numbers. There is also the issue that this record is a little Paul heavy. Lennon really only has four songs not counting A Day In the Life cause this one is more of a collaboration with McCartney but counting With A Little Help From My Friends; one Harrison song and the rest are McCartney.     You might ask yourself, \\"If the album is not all that great then why is it so highly praise?\\" Well mostly cause of historical reasons. The Beatles turned the underground sound and made it mainstream. This has happened only twice since Sgt. Pepper's with the Sex Pistols' Nevermind the Bullocks and Nirvana's Nevermind. Keep in mind that while the Beatles turned it mainstream they could have lost to the Beach Boys' Smile album. Now this record is a million times more experimental then Sgt. Pepper. In fact to the extend that it makes Sgt. Pepper sound like bubblegum pop. A Day In the Life can't hold a candle to Surf's Up    This album is definitely worth getting. It is the last record were the Beatles were functioning as a band. Overall some killer tracks mixed with some not so stellar songs.
B001NESPHC|5.0|I drive a shuttle bus to transfer people from the parking lot to the airport.  I play different kinds of music for the customers and most people wants to know who sings this music.  It catches most people attention for it's smoothness and relaxing sensation.  I haven't regret purchasing this one or \\"Worrisome Heart\\" from Melody Gardot.<br />It's beautiful music.
B000002LVB|5.0|If you are familiar with the Velvet's earlier albums your jaw will drop to the floor when you hear the first song; I know mine did. It sounds like a pretty pop song. The harmonies remind me of the Beach Boys or even the Mammas and the Pappas. Overall though this is one killer album. Now I know some rip on this record cause it doesn't sound like the Velvet Underground but in my book that is a plus.     Really do any two Velvet albums sound the same? Their first sounds like folk mixed with punk, their second is straiight up avant-garde, their third sounds like a minimalist folk album and this one sounds almost like a Beales album. This is one of the reason why I love the band so much they could do anything they wanted.    Listen to the record not expecting to hear whatever you think the Velvets should sound and you will enjoy it.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|Powerful movie! May be somewhat confusing at times, but it comes together as it continues. It will definitely keep you at the edge of your seat and wanting more!
B000002UAO|4.0|I will come out and just say it, this is Paul's worst material with the Beatles; albeit he only has four songs in the album. Okay so four songs but two of the four are just really bad. You Won't See Me and I'm Looking Through You are boring, there is nothing in them I find interesting at all. Having said this, this is Lennon's best material with the Beatles. Every single Lennon song is really good even Run For Your Life I find interesting.     So this record is tarnished by the two songs mentioned above and by What Goes On. If this songs were not there or replaced with something else this would be the best Beatles record but as it stands its kind of weak.     By the way the title of the review is a respond to Lennon's first line of Girl, \\"Is there anybody going to listen to my story...\\"
B001AVCFJM|3.0|Is this a good film? Yes, but it is nowhere near as exciting or interesting as you might have heard. The main appeal here is the visuals and the terrific cast. The story is muddled and flat, plus the villian is rather one note and cartoonish.
B0026RHR6K|5.0|[[VIDEOID:37035991]]With respect to [[ASIN:B001DHXT6G Star Trek]], there is simply no show in the history of television that is as bold, thoughtful, and relevant to modern society as the reboot of classic sci-fi cheesefest [[ASIN:B00018LTDI Battlestar Galactica]], which is possibly the first ever remake to completely and totally eclipse the original work. With themes of humanity taken to a new extreme and deep philosophical explorations of the deepest issues we as humans face and dark character studies played out over the backdrop of the potential extinction of the human race as they flee across the galaxy from their own creations -an AI race known as Cylons- this is a show that fired on all cylinders all the time. It began in 2003 with the epic 3-hour miniseries that packed in more disturbing and racy imagery then any adult science fiction film I've seen while we watched our race get systematically wiped off the face of the galaxy by an AI that has evolved themselves to look like us. Four harrowing seasons followed that pushed the limits of what is allowed on television and continuously expanded in width and depth. The made-for TV film \\"Razor\\" brought us back in time following season 3 to explore concurrent events to the first season from the experiences of one of season 2's villains, a mad battlestar commander who made some inhuman choices in the name of survival, and even back to the first Cylon War . All of this and a large amount of extras are included in the Complete Series set.<br /><br />So, political issues. BSG tackled humane treatment of prisoners, the extreme flimsiness of our electoral process (both from our ability to vote with a clear head and the simplicity of skewing the results), unions, terrorism, genocide, human rights from all over, the significance of religion -both positive and negative- in society, holding leaders accountable for their deeds, torture, and all of the other things we pretend wouldn't matter in a survival situation, but are wrong. And most of all, this show is about humanity. Early on we are asked why humanity is even worth saving. A glimpse at our history books will make that a hard question to answer truthfully. But what really pushes this show into the stratosphere in the later episodes is the fact that the formerly mechanical race whose goal was to replace mankind begin to become us instead and seem to not even know why they want to kill us anymore. After all, there is nothing more human then meaningless war. Then they've got to question what makes them any better. BSG never rested o it's laurels, it was always pushing forward, opening up new questions and debates, and offering the characters choices where there simply was no correct answer. Our world is a world of wrong, and when you are on the verge of extinction, it is even more so. The options offered to our heroes are few and terrible and we do not get spared the consequences. When the Secretary of Education becomes President after the 40+ cabinet members ahead of her in the line of succession all perish in the attack she is promptly forced to decide whether or not to abandon thousands of lives to save the rest of the fleet. She makes the \\"right\\" call, but we are still forced to watch as a little girl we met earlier on one of the ships left behind sits by herself on a bench, blissfully playing with her doll as the sky lights up behind her and the entire image vanishes in a flash of light. It's all about consequences.<br /><br />This is quite possibly the best cast ever assembled on television. Edward Jame Olmos is absolutely electric as Commander Adama. To me, this is the most memorable character in sci-fi television history since Captain Kirk himself. Olmos's performance is commanding and nothing short of spectacular, as is his female counterpart Mary McDonnell as President Laura Roslin. The fact that these two didn't clean up at every Emmy wards show in the past 4 years only proves beyond a shadow of a doubt how useless that institution is. Tricia Helfer is the ultimate vampy/trampy object of nerd lust, Katee Sackhoff's cigar-chomping tomboy Starbuck is the most lovable character for the first couple seasons, and there are dozens more unforgettable performances and characters. Every character does good, every character does bad, and every single one of them has believable motives for their actions. The difference between heroes and villains is almost imperceptible at times and the roles are often reversed. This is what adult science fiction should be all about.<br /><br />I'm trying to keep this shot, but believe me, I could heap praises on this show for days on end. But at this point, I'd like to get back to watching it. BSG is something that anybody who enjoys riveting and thought-provoking television NEEDS to see. You will learn more about politics then a lifetime of cable news and talk radio, you will learn more about what makes us human then a degree in psychology or anthropology, you'll learn more about the real role faith plays in our lives then if you attended every sermon in every church on every Sunday for a lifetime, and you will have a great time doing it. Even if you aren't into science fiction, if you give this show a try you will love it. It's that universal and it's just that good.cia Helfer is the ultimate vampy/trampy object of nerd lust, Katee Sackhoff's cigar-chomping tomboy Starbuck is the most lovable character for the first couple seasons, and there are dozens more unforgettable performances and characters. Every character does good, every character does bad, and every single one of them has believable motives for their actions. The difference between heroes and villains is almost imperceptible at times and the roles are often reversed. This is what adult science fiction should be all about.    I'm trying to keep this shot, but believe me, I could heap praises on this show for days on end. But at this point, I'd like to get back to watching it. BSG is something that anybody who enjoys riveting and thought-provoking television NEEDS to see. You will learn more about politics then a lifetime of cable news and talk radio, you will learn more about what makes us human then a degree in psychology or anthropology, you'll learn more about the real role faith plays in our lives then if you attended every sermon in every church on every Sunday for a lifetime, and you will have a great time doing it. Even if you aren't into science fiction, if you give this show a try you will love it. It's that universal and it's just that good.
B0011NVC98|4.0|I teach British Literature to high school juniors. The students begged me last year to show Beowulf after we read the epic in class. I told them I had to watch it first but did not ever remember to rent it. Then, I saw it on Showtime this summer, and I have to say I was somewhat impressed. I could definitely show this in my classroom for two reasons:     1) I teach my students about film as interpretation of literature. This is somewhat of a departure from the original epic, but it is in a way that's creative and interesting. I think for a lot of readers, the movie attempts to answer questions left by holes in the original story. We can discuss later if we think the interpretation is plausible or not. For instance, the relationship between Grendel's mother and Hrothgar would be a good discussion point. Also while reading, we discuss different scholar's interpretations of Beowulf. Some scholars feel that the emphasis on Christianity was added later by monk/scribes in an effort to convert the pagan masses. The movie definitely supports that idea.     2)I feel that there is opportunity to compare the film version to other classic epics, particularly the Odyssey. The scene where Beowulf stabs the sea monsters in the eye is reminiscent of Odysseus' encounter with the Cyclops. Also, Angelina portraying Grendel's mother as an enchanting seductress definitely reminds me of Circe. And then, the theme that \\"a hero comes home\\" relates to the Odyssey as well. I think analyzing why the director/writers chose to make these connections to the Odyssey could lead to an interesting discussion. Also, it would give us a chance to discuss what \\"Hollywood\\" aspects have been applied to the epic.    I will definitely show this in class next semester, but I give it only 4 stars. I thought that some of the sexual references were over the top. I also didn't think it was necessary to show Beowulf's butt. However, I know my students are mature enough to handle watching the movie, even though Iwill still have to listen to some snickering. I don't think that these things are enough to take away from the main points that I want to discuss in class.
B002GY9F9K|4.0|\\"Legend of the Seeker\\" is the latest fantasy television series produced by the legendary Sam Raimi -whose contributions to the genre include [[ASIN:B000NQFRU4 Hercules The Legendary Journeys ]] and it's sister show [[ASIN:B0007DA3VG Xena Warrior Princess]].  While those shows were rather light-hearted romps, this one takes the material a little more seriously and is based on a series of [[ASIN:0812575601 novels]] written by Terry Goodkind.  It begins with a pair of women in white being chased by soldiers.  A local farmboy stumbles upon the second mysterious beauty after the first falls and decides to help her.  The result of the meeting will be life-changing to say the least.  The show's very strong mythology states that The Seeker is a man born unot a generation who is destined to rid the Midland realms of tyranny.  Our heroic farmboy, Richard, is that Seeker.  The woman he rescued is Kahlan, a Confessor whose power enables her to see through dishonesty and enslave people to her will through love.  They are led by the mandatory wizard - in this case named Zeddicus- and the three set out together to end the rule of Darken Rahl, whose D'Haran armies threaten to dominate the Midlands and crush it's people under his boot.  Not the most orignal setup, but the end result is effective and entertaining.<br /><br />While \\"Legend of the Seeker\\" has a lot of fantasy elements like magic, prophecies, and the occasional monster it never relies upon these elements.  The strength lies within the individual stories and the characters within those stories.  The rest is just window-dressing.  The smooth trickery and lies of Rahl, the earnestness of Richard, the sorrow of Kahlan, the wisdom of Zedd, and the way these elements interact with the fully-realized world they inhabit makes every story come to life.  The characters are easy to care about and the situations they encounter leave a lot of room for grey area moralizing.  In one such story, the heroes encounter a group of Confessors led by the head of the order.  In that time, Kahlan's sister gives birth to a rarity: a male Confessor.  The women immediately begin making preparations to drown the child since only female Confessors are allowed to live due to the history of the males of the order turning to evil.  This puts the pure-hearted Richard at odds with his allies and the result is just brilliant, thought-provoking television.  Another episode features a twist on the classic werewolf tale in the form of a king who makes a deal with a witch that he may become a monster at night to protect his kingdom from the D'Haran invasion.  But when the war is halted and the beast begins feeding on his own subjects, what is a king to do?  Time travel and seeing/altering the future are also explored as is the very meaning of being a hero.  Does one stop to help the helpless against hopeless odds, or should the primary goal remain the focus; treat the cause or the symptom?  In this show, either choice yields consequences.<br /><br />The chemistry between the cast is outstanding here.  Bridget Regan and Craig Horner as the two leads have palpable heat between them form their very first scene together.  The story both ducks and embraces the usual cliche of two people who love each other pretending they don't for the sake of tension by tossing in the tidbit that a Confessor in ecstasy becomes unable to control her power and will unwittingly enslave the one she is with and they will henceforth be only able to think about her at all times.  Such a thing would naturally hamstring the Seeker's ability to defend the realm so the very attraction that keeps them so close is also a very dangerous thing.  This makes the sexual tension much more interesting storywise.  Honestly,  I'd be Ms. Regan's love slave happily; Midlands be damned.  Bruce Spence as Zeddicus seems to be channeling Christopher Loyd in \\"Back to the Future\\" at times, but one can't really deny his charm.  Each episode typically features several bit players and/or recurring characters who leave a large impression as well.  I'm partial to the Mord'Sith, myslef.  They're an all-female unit of dominatrix-inspired inquisitors under Rahl who wield magical torure devices and kick all kinds of ass.  Then there's the sweet innocence of Jennsen, who is known as \\"the pristinely ungifted one\\" because of the fact that magic has no effect on her whatsoever.  This makes her both a useful tool and a liability to both sides of the good-versus-evil fight.  But is she too naive to tell which side is which?  I could go on and on about all the little wrinkles that make this show great.<br /><br />This first season has been one I thoroughly enjoyed.  It may not be the most epic or original thing on television, but it filled a gaping television void and after 22 solid-to-outstanding episodes the season came to a fitting conclusion while leaving me wanting more and offering a slight promise of things to come without leaving any loose ends.  Thankfully, the show has been renewed for a second season.  Time will tell whether Raimi has lost his touch as a director, but as a television producer this is his strongest work.  As a fan of the genre, I am well-pleased by \\"Legend of the Seeker\\" and I highly doubt you'll feel any different.d/or recurring characters who leave a large impression as well.  I'm partial to the Mord'Sith, myslef.  They're an all-female unit of dominatrix-inspired inquisitors under Rahl who wield magical torure devices and kick all kinds of ass.  Then there's the sweet innocence of Jennsen, who is known as \\"the pristinely ungifted one\\" because of the fact that magic has no effect on her whatsoever.  This makes her both a useful tool and a liability to both sides of the good-versus-evil fight.  But is she too naive to tell which side is which?  I could go on and on about all the little wrinkles that make this show great.    This first season has been one I thoroughly enjoyed.  It may not be the most epic or original thing on television, but it filled a gaping television void and after 22 solid-to-outstanding episodes the season came to a fitting conclusion while leaving me wanting more and offering a slight promise of things to come without leaving any loose ends.  Thankfully, the show has been renewed for a second season.  Time will tell whether Raimi has lost his touch as a director, but as a television producer this is his strongest work.  As a fan of the genre, I am well-pleased by \\"Legend of the Seeker\\" and I highly doubt you'll feel any different.
B00012QMJK|5.0|One of her best solo albums. Tina Turner was in top form. This album had the major problem that it was the follow up to the Multi-platinum \\"Private Dancer\\", so it was always compared to it.  I think this album is better than \\"Private Dancer\\" and is on par with 1989's \\"Foreign Affair\\".  It includes the Nr 2 billboard hit \\"Typical Male\\". Some follow up singles were hugely succesful in Europe including \\"Two People\\", \\"Girls\\", \\"What you get is what you see\\" and \\"Paradise is here\\". Half of the tracks on the album were written by Terry Britten/Graham Lyle who were responsible for her comeback hit \\"What's Love got to do with it\\". The album was supported by the record breaking \\"Break Every Rule\\" world tour on which she performed over 220 shows and broke box office records in most European countries. This tour was captured on video in Rio De Janeiro in January 1988 when she performed in front of a record breaking crowd of 180,000 people. The concert is available on DVD at amazon.
B00008S2VG|5.0|A lot of people don't like this album, and I can see why: it's gritty, edgy, weird - both lyrically and instrumentally, and breaks out of the upbeat pop mold that other Madonna albums fit in too.  Frankly, this is why I, and most people who appreciate art, LOVE this album!  It's not a pop album.  It's more rock and experimental and techno, and there's nothing wrong with that.
0439023491|5.0|I got a galley at the BEA Conference this year.  Before I started to read, I was terrified that Suzanne Collins couldn't possibly live up to my expectations after the extraordinary Hunger Games.  I'm thrilled to say that she did not let me down.  I don't want to give anything away as it would only ruin the rollercoaster ride of a read, so suffice it to say that all of our favorite characters are back to join Katniss as the spark of revolution catches fire.  Collins is masterful.  The story is at once personal to Katniss, Peeta & Gale, but it also makes social statements that can apply to society at large.  Characters show the best and the worst of humanity.  And at several points, I found myself finishing a chapter, stunned at the turn of events.  Collins kept me on the edge of my seat.  I hope she's writing quickly, because I can't wait for the concluding volume of this amazing trilogy.
B000002LND|5.0|Not only is this the best Madonna album out there, but it also is easily one of the best albums of all time, by anyone.  The Immaculate Collection is one of the few albums in the world to go Diamond.  It's a must have for anyone who's a fan of her early work, as it spans her greatest hits in chronological order from Holiday to Vogue.  I wish True Blue was also on it, but it's still bril without it!  A must have for any Madonna fan, as well as the first of her CDs I'd recommend to someone who's not a huge fan but is thinking of becoming one.
1401201911|1.0|\\"Superman:  Red Son\\" features the most brilliant premise I've seen in the Elseworlds series:  the boy of Krypton lands not on a rural American farm, but instead on a rural Soviet collective during the same time.  Naturally as he grows up he acculturates into the Soviet Union and finds its values natural and right.<br /><br />What a wonderful opportunity to explore the origins of right and wrong, of our conceptions of justice, and how our ideas about morality are largely products of a place and time we were born into without being consulted about the matter.<br /><br />At least, this is what I thought this graphic novel was going to be as I eagerly awaited it in the mail.  (It seems to be in the process of going out of print.)<br /><br />Alas!  When it arrived, it was a comprehensive disappointment.  Sure, I didn't have the setup wrong, but what could have been an immortal exploration of the tyranny of culture and the genealogy of morals got quickly bogged down in explaining how the new milieu dovetailed with the doings of the other DC heroes, and what was going on back stateside.  The remainder of the book involved a hackneyed plot to wreak destruction by -- you guessed it -- Lex Luthor.<br /><br />What a lost opportunity.  Needs to be redone.
B001PUBLF2|5.0|Well I was looking forward to this release or any thing they put out besides a greatist hits lol being that I have every album release anyways. But this cd plain out rocks from start to finish great cover versions and its always cool to hear differnt takes on  a song anyways But to any fans get it and turn it up I give it five stars. Looking forward to their new release Last Look At Eden
0812504488|1.0|This cheap Tor edition features a useless introduction by Charles Grant and an even more useless afterword by same.  Other than that, it's just the bare text without any footnotes or annotations of any kind.
B00275EGWO|5.0|As a retired Army Bomb Disposal Team Leader I have to say it's right up there with 'Danger UXB' and A+++++to the writer and the director!!!  A really well done depiction without the usual Hollywood hype/litery license/theater/BS.  Oh, yea,  about 'not being able to adjust after the regimented life', it has nothing to do with 'not being able to' and everything to do with 'not wanting to'.   You'll enjoy the view into the lives of this very small brotherhood of military Bomb Disposers.
B00007L4MJ|1.0|a MUCH better version is in the works from the print found in South America.  I'm waiting for it.  (I already have two other versions.)
B002A9OJ0Q|3.0|While most of their earlier albums were full of songs driven by melancholy and sadness, \\"Foot of the Mountain\\" sounds more positive as the music here is often light and breezy. And that's a mostly good thing because one can only take so many somber songs.   While some have complained that a-ha's trying to sound too much like modern Euro-rock and pop bands (and there is some truth in that), the album's still worth listening to.   It might not have any moments that wow like those on their first four albums, or even anything as emotional as on \\"Minor Earth, Major Sky,\\" but a-ha fans will find the album's one to appreciate as a fun, catchy, light slice of pop.  Even though it is rather lightweight, again, it still makes for a fun listen, and I'd rather a-ha try for a different sound than remake old efforts, as many veteran bands do, such as U2.   It might not have as much legs or emotional heft as the rest of their catalog, but it's definitely a CD one can relax to, or play in the background while cleaning up the house. :)
0307588335|5.0|larry has done a fantastic job -- he captures the true essence of what lehman was like especially in the last few months.  i must agree with the title of the book - the collapse was truly a colossal failure... of the few not many.  i worked at lehman for over a decade - sometimes thinking about what happened still keeps me up at night.  it was the best place to work on the street.      great job, great stories, great book.
079073639X|1.0|When this movie came out, several of my friends and I were anxious to see it. Big-name stars, lavish special effects, a Michael Crichton story...how could it possibly suck?     An hour into the movie, we all exchanged bored, please-God-make-it-stop glances, and in unison, we got up and left for the blessed relief of daylight. I never read the book, but a co-worker of mine says it was boring, too, which might account for the movie's meandering, non-sensical plot. I'm a big sci-fi fan with a pretty high tolerance for convoluted, hold-on-we're-getting-there storylines, but even I have my limits...what was the point? The dialogue was inane...I agree with the Amazon reviewer: everything felt rushed, like they filmed the rehearsals -- overly wordy lines, haltingly delivered, lacking any conviction or genuine emotion. To be fair, I didn't see the ending, so I can't really say it was the worst sci-fi movie I've ever seen. I will say it was the worst sci-fi movie I couldn't finish.
0143114085|3.0|This is a \\"psychological thriller\\" in the sense that the plot relies on characters' psychological makeup: basic needs and desires, typical defenses, etc. Unfortunately - with a possible exception of Samuel - the characters are drawn like caricatures. In that respect, Little Face is a descendent of Agatha Christie mysteries. The gothic element comes from the plot setup - a heroine imprisoned in a mansion - and her struggle to escape, mentally and physically, from her prison. It is an exciting read, but ultimately unsatisfying.
0486440915|5.0|The Book:<br /><br />Dover Publications does it again. This has to be the ultimate reasonably-priced edition of Pride and Prejudice you could ever get your hands on. Don't be fooled by the image of the stuffy dust cover; underneath the beige paper is a red cloth-bound, gold-printed cover which would enhance the finest library. The endpapers are embossed with a floral design, which is a lovely touch.<br /><br />This is a republication of an 1894 edition, in which the typography is perfect - that is, there are fewer words to a page making it easy on the eyes, while your progress through the book goes rapidly through its 476 pages. The paper is high-quality yet lightweight, which is great for a large hardcover like this. But the best features this edition has are the original Victorian-era illustrations by Hugh Thomson. Just...beautiful!<br /><br />The Story:<br /><br />Reviewing a classic like this almost feels silly, so I will do so briefly. The story moves slowly from \\"interesting\\" to \\"greatness.\\" For the first third or so it seemed like a funny, lightweight girly-gossip novel, and I kept thinking, \\"This book has got nothing on Jane Eyre!\\" Then it took a twist, and another, and got complicated, and the characters were developed, and the story darkened and I got totally sucked in until I could not put it down. Yep. Classic. Loved it!
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I know nothing about racing cars but I do know the impact dogs can have on our lives, our very existence and our souls. I simply couldn't put this book down and read it in just a couple of hours. Beautiful written, funny and insightful, if I could give this six stars it would have six.
1400032717|5.0|A compassionate take on autism, the beautiful impact it has on a child, his environment, his parents and his neighbors, and the people who circulate around his life. And what an unusual way the novelist is able to portray that beauty.<br /><br />While Christopher's memory works like a film, my memory of Haddon's novel works like this: Autism + prime numbers+ London + timetables + map of time + 32 Squids + nephritis +The Monty Hall Problem + the galaxy + stars + Malaysia = Five-Red-Cars-In-A-Row the curious incident of the dog in the night-time.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B001RCD2DW|5.0|The AKG K702 headphones have exceptionally clear sound, but work best with a dedicated headphone amp.    I am using them with an Asus Xonar STX soundcard, and they sound exceptional (especially in Dolby Headphone mode).  If you do not have a headphone amp, then you will find the bass response lacking on these AKGs (in comparison to Sennheiser models).    I've tried a few other headphones before, Sennheiser HD497, HD555, but none had the clarity of these AKGs (especially for vocal, classical music, acoustic).
B000IHY9UW|2.0|I picked up this 2 disc 15th anniversary edition (THE ONE WITH THE PURPLE COVER) a couple years ago when it was being blown out new for $6 & just got around to watching it. It's one of those ultra wide & short wide screens, & it seems to me that the tops of people's heads are frequently cut off; I'm wondering if Lions Gate messed up on the aspect ratio during mastering as has happened with a few other films. I no longer have the original version to compare it with, but I strongly suspect this was messed up.
B001PJRAUS|1.0|I watched the first third of this movie and decided enough is enough.  I've learned that to watch a modern movie, you may have to turn your head and politely ignore a few moments of dialogue.  This movie, however was sprinkled with such disgusting bits and pieces that I finally had to say \\"Enough!\\" and turned it off forever.  It had such promise. Being a Jane Austen fan I looked forward to seeing a movie of a modern-aged Jane Austen reader being trapped in the works of Jane Austen.  I wonder, however, how a woman so indecent, so crass could read the works of Jane Austen, and it not affect her behavior in a positive manner.  This woman, was in her conversation, so repulsive that she would have probably been arrested, or at the very least, shunned.  What an insult this movie is to anyone who watches it.  I am surprised that it has such good reviews by others, all I can say is that they were cheated, and don't even know it.
0061537969|4.0|I can only imagine what people must have thought when Garth Stein began telling them that he was writing a book about race cars from the perspective of a dog. He probably must have heard all sorts of criticisms like \\"Don't quit your day job\\" or \\"Who is the audience you are trying to target?\\" or \\"Why not write a book about something more interesting?\\" It takes courage, vision, creativeness to be able to write a book that, despite being about a topic like race cars, appeals to such a wide spectrum of people.<br /><br />The only part that I wish would have been different was the ending. I thought it was a little cheesy and contrived. I think that if Stein would have given the little kid a different name (something other than Enzo),it would have left people thinking about whether or not Enzo had been truly reincarnated. In other words, it would have left something up for discussion. But Stein drops the ball here, and makes the ending somewhat predictable and forced.
B000002AHC|3.0|I Loved this album when I was a kid-it was my favorite Byrds record. Recently I felt a wave of nostalgia and picked up this remastered version-and was thoroughly disappointed. What sounded so fresh and true to me back then seems naive and dated now. All those \\"swirly\\" flanging effects that entranced me long ago seem contrived now. These psychedelic effects sound as vacant as today's Cher effect will in 10 years (or already to me.)<br />That being said, I still enjoy a lot of this ambitious document of a more innocent time. Goin' Back is a classic. I had forgotten that this was a Carole King tune as was my other favorite, \\"Wasn't Born to Follow.\\". I was sure these were band member tunes. I still enjoy the sweet hippy vibe of songs like Dolphin Smile and Tribal Gathering, although they had a lot more relevance back in the day when we were 'living the Dream'. The opener, Artificial Energy suffers the most-it sounds like one big cliche with its corny horn writing and hokey 60's groove. The rest of the tunes are mediocre for the most part and the extras are well, extras. Among these tracks is an early version of Triad, Crosby's paen to polyamory, It's  very un-Byrds like and to tell the truth, not a great song, so it is understandable why it was nixed by the other band members. But I bet it hurt Dave's feelings...<br /><br />While much of the music on the album espouses harmony and peace and good old hippy values, the tension between Crosby and his band mates is palpable here. It should come as no surprise that he was fired before the album was completed. Just look at the cover. Four windows. In three,Hillman Clarke and McGuinn peer out but in the fourth where Crosby's noble visage should be, a horse stands in his place! One wonders if they had thought about turning it around for the photo.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong-I loved the Byrds. I just think this CD, for me at least, is no revelation.I like the idea of it much more than the actual content. I doubt I'll be coming back to it much. This is in contrast with the Band's remastered \\"brown\\" album I just picked up,  which sounds wonderful and still seems fresh today. By the way, the remastering here is nothing special. The album sounds very thin. I think my vinyl sounds better.<br /><br />Sometimes the old cliche is true: sometimes you really can't go home again...g back to it much. This is in contrast with the Band's remastered \\"brown\\" album I just picked up,  which sounds wonderful and still seems fresh today. By the way, the remastering here is nothing special. The album sounds very thin. I think my vinyl sounds better.<br /><br />Sometimes the old cliche is true: sometimes you really can't go home again...
B000OYC3J8|5.0|I remember when I first heard the track Icky Thump on the radio.  I liked it right away.  One day, after hearing it for about the 10th time or so, the DJ comments after the play, \\"It must be tough to be the best band in the world.\\"  And right at that moment, I had to agree.  What a great song and what a great band.<br /><br />I really don't have a favorite band ever. It fluctuates.  Sometimes I like Led Zeppelin.  Sometimes Pink Floyd.  Sometimes Coldplay.  Sometimes NIN.  Sometimes Radiohead.  Sometimes System of a Down.  But on that day and on many days, it's The White Stripes.<br /><br />I think of Jack White as a pure, old-fashioned songwriter.  If he lived in less modern times, he'd probably be a very successful wandering minstrel.  He captures raw emotions in words and music and crafts a completely enjoyable experience.  Icky Thump is just the latest in a long string of fantastic albums.<br /><br />Viva The White Stripes
0793563836|4.0|not a bad book tu begin with...   it gave me step by step 'how tu', and i progressed fast.  (esp. if yu already can read music, but if not, it will teach yu the very basics)
B001FB55H6|2.0|\\"Director's Cut\\" versions of movies like this one are evidence why movie studios are generally wise to not give final cut to most directors. I did not see this movie in the theatre, but at three hours it was at least 90 minutes too long.    And even then, it left me bored and baffled. I never got to know any of the characters, so it was a lot of special effects and kung fu action (which is why 2 stars instead of one).    Doubt I'll be pulling this off the shelf again.
B000ICM5O4|5.0|This is the music from the original movie soundtrack and after all these years, along with the movie, it's still the most inspiring work of all time.  Bill Conti and Sylvester Stallone are brilliant.
B0029358GM|5.0|It's hard to compete with the early twin peaks of Being There and Summerteeth or for that matter the 2002 masterpiece Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, but their newest album just might. It's certainly their best since YHF easily overshadowing A Ghost is Born and Sky Blue Sky. The album itself is a perfect distillation of everything Wilco has done up to this point, with brillant experimental, beautiful alternative pieces, and poignant country. Tweedy's songwriting hasnt sounded this good in sometime and he and his every evolving cohorts seem perfectly comfortable in their own skin, an easy bid for the best of 2009.
0312370849|5.0|A friend lent me Sarah's Key for my vacation.  I really did not want to read it.  Why?  I have read enough (or so I thought) tragic novels focused on the horrors committed during during WWII, especially the atrocities committed towards Jewish families.<br /><br />  When I finally started reading Sarah's Key, I discovered that Tatiana de Rosnay was able to illuminate the horrible actions of France's own police force during the Vel' d'Hiv, a roundup of Jewish families (men, women and children), through the story of Sarah, a ten-year-old girl living in Paris in July 1942. Intertwined with Sarah's story is that of Julia Jarmond, an American ex-patriot journalist who has lived in France for years (we're talking 80s, 90s, 2000s) with her arrogant, French husband, Bertrand, and her daughter, Zoe.<br /><br />  Past and present merge together as Julia's life takes unexpected turns and as Sarah's life is forever changed when she, her mother and father are hauled off by French police.  Sarah's younger brother, not even 5 years-old, is hidden in a secret cupboard in the bedroom, waiting for his sister to come home and unlock the cupboard with the key she takes with her as she is hauled away...<br /><br />  I am very glad I finally read this novel and would recommend it to anyone looking for a plain and simple \\"good read.\\"  If you are interested in the Holocaust, France, WWII fiction, Jewish history, or historical fiction,  you'll love this fictional take on a very real and very tragic but true moment in France's history.  That being said, I feel that even if you are not interested in the above topics, this novel will still be a rewarding read.
B001PPLIEG|5.0|I grew up with James Bond movies. Various Bonds through the years were really just new faces on old formulae. I was upset when this most-recent reincarnation broke the mold with Casino Royale. No more corny innuendo, stiff editing and just-plain awful bantering dialogue. I initially missed the quips, puns and cardboard characters. Craig didn't fit my conceptiuon of this legendary series.    The last Bond flick, and this one more-so, takes an attitude adjustment. Like, maturing. Quantum of Solace also took -   for me - a few critical viewings to realize that although it's not the same spy comfort candy, it offers far more depth and excitement.    The editing, particularly, is new; not just for the Bond franchise, but versus all other films   of this new millennium. Far more intense and visceral, it hits on many more levels.    The writing is far more mature and multi-leveled. Sometimes, demanding. It fits with all  other production and creative aspects. Overall, this can be seen as a new or next-step  evolution of the action-intrigue-character-searching film genre. For me, five stars. Can't  wait to see if the producers have the courage to continue pushing the cinema envelope.    Do see the film several times. Not end-to-end necessarily. But look at the film critically.  Alot will be revealed. depth, motivation and so much brilliant craftsmanship.
B00006LLNV|5.0|Great sound track. As best I remember, had most if not all of the songs and music from the movie.
B0028K31CE|4.0|I loved Pretty Wings, so I bought the cd. I was not disappointed. Playing Possum, Fistful of Tears (reminds me of Prince), Help Somebody and Stop the World are all great cuts too.
0786838655|5.0|Percy Jackson has been deemed a trouble maker. He goes from one boarding school to the next, barely making it a year in each one. Now he's about to be kicked out of school again. Not only is staying at one school hard, but Percy suffers from dyslexia and ADHD and the only thing that seems to hold his interest is Greek mythology. After school lets out for summer his mom takes him to their favorite beach for a vacation and breather from the \\"real\\" world. On their first night there is a terrible storm and his mom realizes they must get home immediately. On their way home though they run into a Minotaur, yes a real live monster! With not enough time to tell Percy the whole story his mom tells him to just run over the hill and he will be safe. Not wanting to let his mom go he kills the Minotaur, but it is too late as his mom has already disappeared. Over the hill Percy finds Camp Half-Blood. Camp Half-Blood is for kids who are half human and half Greek god! Percy is amazed to find that he is a descendant of a god, but which one nobody is sure. After only a couple of weeks Percy, his newfound friend Annabeth, and his best friend and pseudo guardian Grover set out on a quest to find Zeus' missing lightning bolt and maybe a few other things, good and bad, along the way!<br /><br />This was an amazing, scintillating, glorious book. Nothing could have torn this book away from me, except maybe a Minotaur!! The story was original and captivating and just all around great. Percy's character was so likeable that I immediately wanted him to be my best friend, even though he's only twelve. As I am a huge fan of Greek mythology this was great, but the story in itself was just so fantastic that no matter who you are you will enjoy it. The story that Rick Riordan weaved was so full of detail, yet it moved extremely quickly. There were so many twists and turns that I was guessing until the last page, and even then you're still hanging on the edge. This is the first book in the Percy Jackson and the Olympians Series, and currently there are three others. While this is classified as a middle-grade book I think readers of any age will enjoy it. The level of adventure and suspense will intrigue anyone's mind! I definitely cannot wait to read the next book, The Sea of Monsters.d the Olympians Series, and currently there are three others. While this is classified as a middle-grade book I think readers of any age will enjoy it. The level of adventure and suspense will intrigue anyone's mind! I definitely cannot wait to read the next book, The Sea of Monsters.
0470449748|5.0|Excellent!!!! Amazon is at its best as usual.......Book is a brand new one...arrived before estimated delivery date...Customer service is simply awesome...Thanks
B0028K3192|3.0|after a long time not hearing a new release from maxwell i was disappointed with this new cd it was good but it could have been better and more songs on the cd.
B000VI70WM|5.0|There's an expectation that Duran has a \\"certain\\" sound and really, it's too bad because they have always been so much more than surface musicians. This album will be one that is a \\"great miss.\\" There aren't too many bands now-a-days that carry the true face continuity but I unfortunately think Duran has been categorized as a fluffy boy band since the 80's when that could be at least 80% from the truth.
0465043577|5.0|I learned about Fractals, not in high school as i should have done but in my graduate education.   Benoit's work and application in finance is innovative. A must read for anyone who is interested in abstractness.
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|Outstanding performance with excellent Blu-ray production: If you are Queen's fan, this Queen: Rock Montreal & Live Aid [Blu-ray] a must-have.  Queen performance was captivating as usual, but the production of this Blu-ray is matching up as well.  The video source is from 35-mm film transfer, and the sound of the concert is delivered in DTS HD 96/24 5.1 and LPCM Stereo (wish it was Master Audio though may not make any practical listening differences).  You will enjoy the whole thing in Queen's performance and in video/audiophile. (2009-07-31)    A note to Amazon: it would be nice to include more additional technical data of these digital media, such as the full detail of video and sound format.
0060594896|5.0|Although there are some parts/techniques I would not follow (because it's a little bit \\"out there\\" for me), in overall it was a great reading. A very uplifting and positive book. I can recommend it to anyone who'd like to make changes in his/her life and don't know how to start.
0316017922|5.0|Outliers is a great book. Malcolm Gladwell explains why many of the greats are successful in a mind boggling fashion. While reading it, I promise that you will question as to how and why you are at your current Social Economic Status. It is a fun read as Malcolm explains with alarming evidence and justification.<br /><br />Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
B001EN71DQ|1.0|Three mediocre films that don't live up to the star wars name and destroy its legacy in a way the 1997 special editions never could have until the 2004 completely destroyed the original films for all time.    The real star wars films released in 1977, 1980 and 1983 were released in 2006 as bonus discs in non anamorphic dumped from laserdisc masters from 1993, without the theatrical audio and with the limits of the resolution of laserdisc and not even dvd quality.  Without the strong suit of the laserdiscs which was the full bitrate LPCM tracks.      Lucas loves doing what he does best and that is making money.    I won't fault him for that as a capitalist.  He could have made a better prequel trilogy though and shown better judgment in how he treated his fans who loved those films for more than twenty years.
0545128285|5.0|I have never spent this much on a single book before but I wasn't the least bit disappointed. The only time I waited for a book with as much impatience before was for an old leather bound Robert Burns collection. The Tales are delightful and the presentation is bindery genius.
B00164KYV4|2.0|I didnt enjoy this movie even alittle in fact i turned it off half way threw wasted my money and my time i would rather watch paint dry i thought since it had a good cast movie would be awesome dont let that fool u
6302470021|4.0|What to say about this? Aside from some other spy-spoof style films of the sixties, this one dared to poke fun at the most successful movie franchise at the time (and still is). What started out as an attempt to make a serious Bond film turned into one mess of a film, but strange as it seems to me, it does seem to flow into one cohesive plot. This captures the essence of the sixties; the fashions, psychedelic craze (this was done in '67, in my opinion, the hippiest year of the late sixties). David Niven is funny as the \\"real\\" James Bond, though the stuttering in the beginning can get quite irritating. And I do enjoy his jabs at his namesake. Peter Sellers is his usual comic self as Evelyn Tremble and he has amazing chemistry with Bond alum Ursula Andress in another sexy Bond girl role, though more assertive than Honey Ryder. When they're together on screen, its some of the sexiest scenes I've seen (and done with classy taste compared to today's garbage). Burt Bacharach's score outdoes alot of the \\"canon\\" Bond films, easily outdoing YOLT, LALD, GE, TND, TWINE, DAD, CR and QOS. And Dusty Springfields' breathy rendition of \\"The Look of Love\\" I definately hold in higher regard than some of the more recent Bond songs, like Madonna and Jack White/Alicia Keys.
067960085X|4.0|\\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" was introduced to me initially via Audrey Hepburn - ie. the backwards way. Once I proceeded to fall in love with the character, I decided I needed to meet Truman Capote's Holly Golightly.<br /><br />A novella and three short stories later, I'm so glad I did. This was my first foray into Capote's writing, and it hooked me from the moment the narrator began speaking of brownstones and Joe Bell. The characters somehow leap off the page to the point where I began to feel like I was in the middle of all the action. It's rare to find a story that so completely submerges one into its world that it was a pleasure to come across one that was so innately familiar to me, and yet so bewilderingly foreign.<br /><br />Capote manages to hint at Holly's profession without ever outright declaring it. Likewise, his characters rightfully call Holly naive and a phony, as she has this extreme tendency to avoid responsibility at any cost, even in the most humorous of ways. Her use of French phrases serve only to disguise her rural upbringing, which finds itself out midway through the story when her husband comes calling. In short, everything she does somehow contradicts herself, and yet she makes it work.<br /><br />What struck me as so intriguing is though the entire story revolves around Holly, I found myself drawn to the narrator. Of course, there was the humor and shock that Holly's character brings, but the narrator (or Fred, as Holly chooses to name him) manages to bring a sense of \\"Well...I suppose this really could happen,\\" even when the acts are so incredulous, one can't help but laugh. He also infuses the entire novella with a much needed dose of reality.<br /><br />At the end of \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" however, I couldn't stop thinking about Holly's pronounced declarations of \\"Everyone's a rat and a phony.\\" In one way, I leave feeling as though she's the biggest phony of them all - putting on airs and living a life that she fashioned in a way by using other people to her benefit. Yet at the same time, her shrewd observations of secondary characters make it clear just how much she understands  people and what motivates them, even if it's to her own detriment.<br /><br />Of course, Capote's writing deserves credit, as he has this incredible ability to lay out a scene with few words. The way he is able to create characters that transcend the page speaks to his talent and encourages me to read more of his longer works - \\"In Cold Blood\\" is on my list of books to read. My immediate response to finishing \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" was to wish I had had the opportunity to take a literature course focusing on only Capote's work, because they seem rich for discussion.<br /><br />Between the dark moments, the comedy, the hints of scandal, and the pure outrageousness of Holly Golightly, I was completely enamored with \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's.\\" It is most certainly a novella I will return to time and time again.<br /><br />Note: Five stars for Breakfast at Tiffany's, but I was disappointed with the three short stories in the collection.other people to her benefit. Yet at the same time, her shrewd observations of secondary characters make it clear just how much she understands  people and what motivates them, even if it's to her own detriment.<br /><br />Of course, Capote's writing deserves credit, as he has this incredible ability to lay out a scene with few words. The way he is able to create characters that transcend the page speaks to his talent and encourages me to read more of his longer works - \\"In Cold Blood\\" is on my list of books to read. My immediate response to finishing \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" was to wish I had had the opportunity to take a literature course focusing on only Capote's work, because they seem rich for discussion.<br /><br />Between the dark moments, the comedy, the hints of scandal, and the pure outrageousness of Holly Golightly, I was completely enamored with \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's.\\" It is most certainly a novella I will return to time and time again.<br /><br />Note: Five stars for Breakfast at Tiffany's, but I was disappointed with the three short stories in the collection.
0307588335|5.0|Lawrence McDonald explained the rise and fall of Lehman Brothes in laymen words. I was able to follow his story and enjoyed it very much.
B001FB4W16|5.0|First a note: serious parental guidance required for this show. This is not Twilight. That said, this is a wonderful show. The suspense will keep you coming back for more time and time again.
B0000AK7AB|5.0|What's not to love, we did from the first time we ever saw it.  Needed to add it to our collection, again (seems we loaned it out somewhere along the line..).  Husband got his 46\\" LCD last Christmas and have found that it was like seeing the movies anew, especially when we could get the widescreen version, so this time that was a requirement.  Blu-Ray is still too expensive to make sense, and can't play them in the RV when we travel. The stores didn't seem to have it in stock, so Internet shopping was the only way. This was a perfect fit for home and away, Grandson (9) loved it as much as we did during our recent \\"Adventure\\" to Mt Rushmore.  Process was simple and fast, had the product in less than a week.
0307269752|3.0|Words like 'fabulous', 'wonderful' and even 'literary' bedeck the back page of this book and its reviews, but they're badly misplaced. It's an entertaining thriller but that's it. It does show a place, Sweden, that we don't see much in crime fiction (unless we happen to live there), but for the rest of its considerable length it's an exercise in entertaining but conventional button-pushing. Characters supposedly original, such as the investigative journalist with a conscience or the tattooed female computer hacker, are updated versions of archetypes that could have stepped out of a  Josephine Tey yarn, only less interesting. Themes supposedly edgy - violence against women, the evils of capitalist investors and the revenge of females on cackling serial killers - are the achingly mundane fare of the genre.<br /><br />Still, Larsson keeps his tale bubbling along with nuggets of mystery and lashings of sex. Blomqvist the journalist - who bears more than a passing resemblance to the author - is fantastic in bed, and shags or is shagged by several women to their enormous pleasure, and without being in any way exploitative or judgmental about them. This miraculous gift to womankind seems somehow less extraordinary in Sweden, which comes across as a quaintly and faintly liberal place - the sort of society where two youngish men can sit up all night talking about their principles and then bed someone else's wife without a second thought - than it might be anywhere else. And perhaps it's a realistic portrait. If so, it's the only true thing in the book.<br /><br />If you want a good read on your holiday or something that doesn't make you think too much, you could do worse than get hold of this story. If you want more, don't bother.
B00003CXBH|5.0|Wonderful Movie, I watch this movie at least once a year.  Since I am a missionary I relate to the theme.
B001DHXT6G|1.0|Purchased the set a month ago and started watching the first season episodes. First couple of discs worked perfectly on both sides---stunning quality. Then disc 3 wouldn't play on side 1. Expected that from previous reviews, yet \\"Miri\\" on side 2 pixellated and stopped working. The other 2 episodes on that side were ok, though.Disc 4 on side 1 was not playable, yet side 2 was ok. Disc 5 was a joke. Side 1 not playable, and neither was side 2---all pixillated and stop and go. I'm afraid to see what will happen on later discs. It's clear that Season 1 discs weren't ready to ship. I hope the other seasons will work. Watch out for this product.[[ASIN:B001DHXT6G Star Trek: The Original Series (Remastered) - Three Season Pack]]
B00133KFGW|5.0|Great Movie.  I loved the whole thing.  I have seen it several times because the message is great.  I would recommend this movie.
0060920084|5.0|I read this book when it came out a long time ago, and just came across it now. I don't recall the details, which are extensively covered in the other reviews. I do remember, however, that it was one of the few books which made me laugh incredibly hard, and often. Bryson is a very witty guy, using understated tone to illuminate the patently absurd in hilarious fashion. That alone rates it 5 stars.<br /><br />Pick up his Walk in the Woods, not as funny, but just as enjoyable recollection of his walk of the Appalachian Trail with an old buddy. Lots of good environmental insight, laced with many bits of humor.<br /><br />I'd skip Sunburned Country, which i just couldn't get into at all.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|i had no idea of the book this series is based on so i had no preconceived notions about what it should or should not be. and i also didn't know that it was produced by some of the same people behind XENA and HERCULES - two of my favorite shows! all i knew was that after the very first episode i was hooked and i have not missed one episode yet!! i can not wait for season 2 to start. i plan on buying mr. goodkind's books now! i love all the characters and each saturday afternoon i make sure i am home to see it.<br />i can't wait to get the dvd in my hands!!!!!!!!
B000ZEE3I6|5.0|I thought it was the best film rendering of any of the books so far.  It left a lot out but it seemed to layer more information in around the plot proper than any other the others have, without things in the background, newspaper articles, subtleties in the frame...  I must say, the acting for the most part was spot-on.  Emma did the best in this one since Sorcerer's Stone.  She brought a lot more to it than eyebrow posturing, for a change.  Rupert was great, as usual, and Daniel has widely improved his skills.  He has progressively gotten better and better, but he was fabulous in this one.  I like that he gets to explore his comedic side, pincers included.  His potion drunk Harry was a lot like his lecherous celebrity child in Extras, which if you haven't seen is hysterical (Youtube).  Tom Felton really stepped it up as Draco, which in a way seemed to be breaking the wall a bit by revealing so much of his story so quickly, and not through Harry's perspective.  But then I thought that about how the book was written, as well.  Jessie Cave as Lavender was perfect.  She hit it right-on, and that's a big undertaking for a high profile character played by an unknown actress near the end of a huge film franchise.  I actually wanted to be on the bus for HP/GW, but even in the film I just didn't feel it.  Dan and Bonnie had no chemistry whatsoever, and that's too bad considering she's slated for minimal face time in the next installment and we're supposed to buy their relationship 100%.  Rickman, heavenly.  Just superb.  He really stole that film with his understatement of Snape.  The one that I thought and still think just does not capture the essence of the role as she was written is Helena Bonham Carter as Bella.  In the books Bella wasn't punch-nuts crazy.  She was evil and sinister, and Carter has missed that mark from the beginning.  That is a persisting disappointment to me.<br /><br />This installment brought a lot more to the table, finally.  I'm pleased to see the series slide beyond children's film to a real, complex, plot.  The moments with Katie Bell and the inferi were truly horrifying.  The visits with young Tom were creepy and intensely sad, their correlation with Harry and the potential of both boys sufficiently entwined.  That same thing could be said of Draco, whose objectives are grim and melancholy, as well.  The cave scene sealed Dumbledore's fate for Harry as Harry accepted that rite of passage into his own power by agreeing to do everything he was told without question.  Harry's brush with Tom's ring sent shivers of compatibility through him, leaving the audience cringing and piqued.  Daniel nailed a unique body language for his likeness to Voldemort in the previous film, and he sealed himself as Harry, not just that guy playing him, by reviving it in this one.  Gone was the distracting angst of the last two films.  I still think that the grief over Sirius was never really processed in the books, thus isn't in this film.  Nothing in the story as it was given indicated that Harry had grieved and was past it, or that he had set it aside to push through the tasks ahead.  It just became a nonfactor and that's an oversight in the development of his character that is rarely touched upon in the film.  As well, the progression of the plot through the pensieve was lost in the film.  I don't think that what we saw in the film left viewers with enough appreciation of those memories or why they were relevant, to start with.  The missing funeral at the end was a let down.  I really wanted to see the visual display of that ritual, for the characters as much as for myself.  In light of that and the lack of processing of Sirius' death, the series (book and film) lacks a real ability to deal with death, yet the threat of that we're supposed to believe that is exactly what compels our young cast to save the world.<br /><br />In all I have high hopes for the remaining film(s) in the series.  If they are done anywhere as well as this one we're in for a riveting treat.n for a riveting treat.
0385341008|5.0|This book really touched me - it brought me to tears several times, and really is very powerful in its storyline.
B0001AVZA8|5.0|A friend told me I HAD to see this movie.  And I'm glad I not only saw it, but added it to my library.  It's a great story.  Diane Keaton is so real.  And Jack Nicholson is well, Jack Nicholson - the best. Laughed like crazy a few times.
B00008CLOA|5.0|My initial reaction to this SACD version of \\"The Dark Side of the Moon\\" wasn't that positive. Frankly, I've been listening to this album, first on vinyl then on CD, since I was 15 (almost 30 years ago). My initial reaction to the SACD, which I listen to on a 5 speaker surround configuration, was that there is a lot more sound but a loss of focus. In particular, \\"The Great Gig in the Sky\\" seemed to suffer from the competing instrumentals. Comparing the two, I found that, not surprisingly, the original stereo mix of the album was not poorly produced. It skillfully brings forward the most interesting instrumentals or vocals throughout the album, while pulling the less significant contributors back a bit. The SACD version has a lot more bandwidth available, and it lays all the music out there without the liner notes. After a few listens, my ear has adjusted. The vocals from Great Gig sound like they used to, because I'm no longer focused on all that sound that wasn't there the last time I listened to the album. The SACD sound is enveloping and fantastic, and I'm no longer happy listing to the stereo CD, which I had been very happy to listen to for many years. Highly recommended to those with a SACD player and surround system.
B001VPJZFE|5.0|After every viewing, bathed in the warmth and optimism of this funny, bittersweet, supernatural film, I wonder if it will be recognized in the future as a \\"timeless classic\\". That's cuz with each new viewing my appreciation grows. It moves at just the right pace for me -- fast enuf to keep my interest -- yet slow enuf to provide depth and characterizations -- and with absolutely wonderful group of actors to embody them. As you can tell, I already regard it as a classic.
B001FB55H6|4.0|I thought it was an excellent movie and the Blu-ray quality was high. The sound effects were awesome except when someone talked, then I could barely hear them, and had to crank up the sound, then quickly turn the sound down if there was an explosion or something like that, then turn the sound back up to hear people talk.
B0028T6XXY|5.0|Excellent Concert and A Very Talented Man. This Is A Must For A Big Screen w/ Surround Sound.
B001NESPHC|4.0|This artist got a mention on a radio station I listen to, then they played a cut. I won't say it was mesmerizing, but it had grab. I bought the CD and it has become a household favorite.
0307454541|5.0|This was an intricate and very satisfying book, translated from the Swedish. It is a combination of dysfunctional family story, mystery, study of two absorbing main characters and Swedish travelogue. I challenge you to find another book featuring a punk prodigy (computer whiz)/ward of the court. The European point of view is also of interest.<br /><br />I was disappointed to learn that the author died about 5 years ago, but he did leave three manuscripts behind, of which this is the first. I plan to buy the second.
B001BJ690Y|4.0|This film was watched on a 42\\" Panasonic Plasma and BD35K Player. PQ 4/5 and AQ 5/5.<br /><br />Tarantino serves up another over the top and funny, yet violent martial arts revenge film. It is artistically executed visually, and many of his shots remain in my mind (like the blue one where the fighters are silhuettes, and the black and white shot with Uma Thurman who is about to be shot). The story itself is told in several parts, which allows the viewer to absorb each stage of Uma's revenge. To offset some of the extremely violent scenes, Tarantino inflects plenty of humor (Uma writing the \\"Death List\\" in a progressively larger and larger font, and with 2 colors), and the scene where slams the orderly's head in the door). It allows the audience to enjoy this visually stunning, yet violent film, while also laughing. The latter creates a bit of guilt in the grand scheme of things, but the film manages to balance both and create fantastic entertainment value. Some of the scenes are necessarily over the top, in the style of the classic kung fu movies, and Tarantino brings back that \\"old school\\" feel with the score itself, sound effects and various visual styles. There are many great scenes in this film, and fans of the film, will enjoy the Blu-Ray upgrade.
B001O8C5EQ|5.0|In a time when great music is hard to find, I feel lucky at 50yo to have stumbled onto PT. Sort of a meld of YES and Pink Floyd but with a 21st century fresh breeze throughout. Complex and driving one moment then serene and peaceful the next. If you wish Pink Floyd had done more good music just go right ahead and buy this album, you will not be sorry. I never heard the original edition of this but this special edition is very special. Turn down the lights have a sip and climb up the Porcupine tree, the quills are sharp indeed but instead of pain they will awaken your brains inner need for great smooth complex magical music. The girl on the cover art is my aunt Hagatha, she was not harmed in any way during the making of this amazing album. Although she did have some mild ringing in her ears for about 15 hours.  . . .   OH !  The bonus disk you ask ? Unlike many artists who toss you the leftovers and refuse, PT gives you another entire CD of great music, making this wonderful album nearly twice as good. This is my 6th PT album and I will be looking for more soon. Enjoy !  Say Hi to Hagatha for me as well.
B001P9KR8U|4.0|I normally can't abide Bollywood, with its predictable plots, overblown sentimentality, and saccharin endings (in which everybody dances). But this movie was a marriage made in heaven -- the realism of growing up in the slums of Bombay plus the all-important final dance number.<br /><br />In all honesty, I found parts of this movie hard going, and not just because of the violence. Bombay, from the perspective of the have-nots, is something straight out of a nightmare (Charles Dickens, eat your heart out). The only reason the beginning of the film wasn't overwhelming was because Jamal's childhood was meted out in flashbacks, which gave us an occasional rest as well as the assurance that everything might work out after all.<br /><br />I have to say that even knowing that a happy ending was probably in sight (this was an Indian film, after all), Slumdog Millionaire was nail-bitingly tense. There were moments when I actually wondered if our hero would get the quiz-show answer right, or if he would indeed \\"get the girl,\\" as heroes generally do. But afterwards, when all was said and done, the images that remained with me were not of the happy dancing masses, but of the tattered, abandoned children of Bombay. It seems that Bollywood is finally growing up.
630587493X|5.0|This film is fun and quirky while it addresses the basic human desires of knowing oneself, making one's life into something worthwhile, prejudice and freedom. This film captures imagination and adresses old thoughts in a new and fresh way. Thoroughly enjoyable.
0307588335|5.0|McDonald does such a great job of bringing the reader from everday America to the ultimate greed on Wall Street. Not only is this book about an important event in our country's financial history, but it is also a well written  story about McDonald's hard work that can be enjoyed by all levels of financial understanding.  It is a great read and I would recommend it to all.
B00005JN0T|4.0|While this movie is not Will Smith's best to date, it is compelling and all-in-all quite a good adaptation from the original short story. Filled with action and excellent special effects it will have you cheering the underdogs and mebee wondering, \\"Just how much technology is too much?\\"
0515142247|5.0|The second Jack Reacher book. Fast paced. The plot all fits together nicely without awkward contrivances. This is a good book for people who like guns, shooting, and ballistics. Of the few Reacher books I've read so far, this is the one I enjoyed the most.
B00280LYIC|5.0|In this book a 12 year old kid is found to be the son of Poisedon god of the sea. Percy Jackson the kid thats in there is sent to Camp Half-Blood.  A camp for half-god half human.  Then somebody stole Zeus's masterbolt and he thinks it's  Percy.
B00260HH3K|1.0|bad plot, terrible acting, bad fight scenes, nothing to see here but dribble, I have 6 year old that didnt like this movie. If a 6 year that loves everything hated this then u know its bad. Do your self a favor and watch something else.
B001J8NQFI|5.0|I admit being very dubious of Blu-Spec when I ordered this cd.  Since it's still sampled at 44.1 kHz, I didn't really see how or why it would be any better than the redbook version.  Now that I've compared the two, I can tell you Blu-Spec is a striking improvement.  My redbook of London Calling always sounded tinny and thin like an FM signal.  The Blu-Spec has much fuller dynamics and permits actual imaging.  The analogy that comes to mind is comparing a postcard of a painting to seeing the actual painting in person.  With the Blu-Spec, I could hear the brushstrokes.
B001GCUO1Q|1.0|Jackman and Shriber awesome,Reynolds dead on, the rest of the cast garbage, scenery good, music good, and thats about it.  I dont mind that they change somethings but the movies isn't well written at all mad no sence. For those that say \\"at least its better then X3\\" thats no excuse; the movie is weak dont waste your time your better off watch Wolverine and xmen
B001V9LRTM|4.0|Who hasn't seen this yet? The older it gets, the more contemporary it seems. Just a different war now than 40 years ago. The clothing and hair styles are pretty much back in 2009, same as 1969. The film is edited such that actual events and musical performances are not in line with how it really happened. For example, Sha Na Na went on right before Hendrix on Monday morning, but this is edited to look like they were on mid-show. The performances that have held up best: Joe Cocker, Santana, Hendrix, CS&N. Even at more than three hours, this still omits probably 40-50 hours of musical performances, not to mention all the other film that was shot. I loved the apocalyptic ending showing the garbage, smoke from fires and the mud left over. And the scroll of all the dead from that era is sobering.
0140120416|5.0|This is a great book of convenient size and font.  If you learn everything in this book you will be speaking Russian quite well.  There is no audio that accompanies this so you will need the help of a native speaker to make rapid progress.  I have purchased a number of texts and audio programs and think this is the best value.  American English speakers should be advised that it is written in British English, which can result in occasional confusion.  Overall very high value.  This book and a native speaking tutor are all you need.  I am on my second copy.
1416594884|1.0|ACLU required reading.  Anti-establishment, anti-govt. anti-USA. Anti military.  A Muslim [...] is the poor innocent hero.  Substitute his German vegetarian lawyer the ACLU, sub his previous prison Guantanamo, his banker, a poor guilt complex soul.   Even denounce Bush.  Don't waste your time or money!
0307455874|5.0|Well written, it offers deep insights into President Obama's motivations and the elements which make up his character.  He is very much in love with the law and has a very romantic view of government.  Overall a good read.
B001NE80P4|5.0|GREAT SERVICE , the item was delivered in notime, reasonable prices, quick responses to my questions, will order again from this seller
0061767581|5.0|Omg, I loved this book. I was glued into the story from the start. Can't wait till her second book comes out. I heard sometime in feb.
1439130833|5.0|A couple of months ago a friend told me to get the DVD. I did, and I love everything about The Secret. This is how I came upon the Daily Teachings.<br /><br />It is very uplifting, positive, wonderful little book - exactly what we all need right now.<br /><br />Each day shares with you something for you to think about, ponder, and look at life a different way (a better way, a saner way, a more loving and harmonious way). I actually use this like a little book and read pages bunches at a time when I sit on my couch (it sits on my coffee table). I take a moment to reflect on my life and what I want to create. This helps put me back 'on track' by putting positive thoughts around me.<br /><br />If you haven't purchased the DVD I also highly recommend. All the people in the DVD are beautiful. You will enjoy them and their enthusiasm about creating a great life. The book is wonderful too (just to flip through, read sections, and this will help remind you how wonderful life is supposed to be). Enjoy.
1591841666|5.0|Great book....love the insight and guidance!  I will read this book over & over!
0385340540|3.0|Definetly this isn't Grisham's best book. Altough it has some really good passages must of the book feels over the top and in many ocassions the side stories are more interesting to what's happening to the main character. It's an easy reading but nothing extraordinry.<br /><br />.
B0021L8UPI|4.0|ISABELLE FUHRMAN, VERA FARMIGA and PETER SARSGAARD are hardly household names to me but they do a superb job of carrying the main suspense ingredients of ORPHAN--as does the atmospheric photography filmed among snowy Canadian landscapes.<br /><br />So do all the other members of the cast--all very convincing in their roles, especially the little deaf girl ARYANA ENGINEER. She's adorable and becomes a pawn in the manipulations of Esther (Fuhrman), the orphan adopted into the household before a background check can reveal the truth about her past.<br /><br />Of course, anyone familiar with the pattern of most horror films of this ilk can spot some of the usual set-ups: a husband who is clueless about seriously suspecting the orphan can be evil, the wife whom nobody believes because she has a drinking problem, the little brother who resents the intrusion of a \\"different\\" kind of girl, the well meaning nun whose social worker instincts will lead to her downfall.<br /><br />But many other aspects of the plot come as a surprise and are, to say the least, unexpected and shockingly gruesome.<br /><br />And some threads of the plot can be suspected pretty early on. Still, the final twist at the end is shocking and satisfying, thanks to the performance Fuhrman has so convincingly given. She plays the role with such sweet and sometimes sinister maturity that the final revelation is acceptable.<br /><br />ORPHAN delivers the chills, all staged brilliantly and turns into a horror film that is just as chilly as the ever snowy weather, with frozen ponds and feathery flakes making the indoor sets of a rustic cabin look most inviting.<br /><br />Good direction and superior art decoration, as well as strong performances, makes this an above average thriller.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|I really like this product.  I think it makes a great gift for folks who may like anime and for those into electronica music.  It's your classic good triumphs over evil plot line and that stuff never gets old.  I think this will be considered a classic many years later.
B001P9KR8U|2.0|I reluctantly rented this movie last night. Being a fan of foreign films I was a little hesitant to rent it as I had suspicions about the movie. Sure enough. The movie was ok at best. But definately not good & much less great. OVerall it was pretty boring. But what really just threw it away for me was the the \\"American\\" style happy ending. The guy gets, the girl & the millions, & the bad guy brother kills the bad guy & of course martyrs himself to redeem himself. If you are serious about foreign movies pass on this load of bunk & rent a real one. This is a joke.
0709058764|5.0|I had to wait for the tenth reprint of this book. Well worth while. The reviews are correct [one by Yehudi Menuhin ] that this volume provides all the knowledge you would wish on Violin making.The articles on the original makers ,and todays makers complete the violin story. As a fiddler of 60yrs I am not going to build one , but I now know the correct configuration of sound post ,bridge etc . Inspired me to give a talk at our local \\"Probus\\"  club on  History of the violin.I have an Albani ,down the scale a bit but I love it.
0743496736|5.0|Read Nineteen Minutes for my grad class and couldn't put it down.  Every teacher should read this book, it really makes you think about how bullying effects your students and raises so many questions.  I liked how the author shows many different perspectives including the shooter.  You'll be thinking about this book for days after.
B001QTXM5Y|2.0|Who watches the watchmen?  Watchmen (2008) is supposed to be a film adaptation of a graphic novel by Alan Moore.  The film takes place in an alternate 1985 where Nixon has been elected for three terms and where Russia and the USA are about to engage in a massive nuclear war.  The \\"doomsday clock\\" is set at 5 until midnight.  Unfortunately that's all the movie offers.  The superhero characters are rather pathetic.  The only character that is even moderately interesting is the disturbed hero Rorschach.  The Dr. Manhattan character which everyone raves about is particularly stupid.  The film is disconnected, goes nowhere, and is utterly boring.  The ending with \\"The Smartest Man in the World\\" falls completely flat.  And, the homosexual undertones, rape scene, male nudity, and gratuitous sex scenes certainly aren't helping it any.  Ugh.  Ultimately I feel that it was pretty boring and not worthwhile.
B000ASDFJU|5.0|she isn't quite through all the disks yet but they are great to watch un cut
0307266303|5.0|Well written, very informative book. Takes one to a quiet part of the world and allows us to become better informed about a more balanced way of life by \\"natives\\" to the remote Sierra Madre, alien to our materialistic lifestyle in modern society.  Most provocative however, is the concept that the foot is fine the way it is to run on and that the high tech running shoes that I have been buying for years, cause more injury to our body. Another example of corporate profit over personal health is made, particularly with Nike Corporation. This book is hard to put down, a compliment to the author is his excellent writing style and the informative, action nature of the book.
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|As far as I'm concerned this movie should be rated 10 stars.  I can't understand why anyone would give the movie less than 4 or 5 stars.<br /><br />First of all:<br /><br />1.  You have to be familiar with ABBA music.<br />2.  You have to love ABBA music.<br />3.  You have to appreciate the genius of creating a story and incorporating ABBA words and music into the story line.<br /><br />If you don't have the above 3 you still can enjoy Mamma Mia if you have an open mind and enjoy musicals.<br /><br />How could anyone, except those with a cold heart, no sucumb to The Winner Takes It All or Slipping Through My Fingers.  Who could not smile with joy hearing and seeing Mamma Mia or Does Your Mother Know or Take a Chance On Me.<br /><br />I saw the Broadway show and enjoyed it immensely.  I own the movie.  I have seen it twice in the movie theater and at least six times at home.  The only thing that makes the Broadway show better that it has more songs that are sung to completion.<br /><br />This is a movie you should just sit back and enjoy.  It is a feel good fun movie.  Don't try to pick it apart.  Just enjoy it. It will be a long time before you can get the words and music out of your head.
B000EBD9TY|4.0|This DVD  package was well  received and  in tact and harm free<br /><br />It came in postal service in a timely manner and had no problems.<br /><br />Very satisfied,<br />V. Velasquez
B001UOVP1S|4.0|I really enjoy this CD.  It does not get enough love.  For all of you fake *** music connoisseurs, just shut up and listen!  Stop critiquing art and just let your mind and body go.  If you do, you will definitely groove to this.
B0028SVXR6|5.0|Let me begin by saying if you can't appreciate a band that pushes themselves to grow creatively with each release, than The Mars Volta is not for you.  To all those so-called M.V. fans who are clamoring for the second coming of Deloused, you unfortunately will most likely glaze over Octahedron, \\"disappointed\\" again, and miss out on the sophisticated musical journey they have graced us with.  I find this album to be a welcome change of pace from the hectic Bedlam, and am thrilled to have another Mars Volta album that I can put on an listen to straight through, without being subjected to minute upon minute of feedback and synthetic filler (though I do respect the art that the band attempts with such \\"noise\\").        Octahedron is some of The Mars Volta's finest work, every note is perfectly placed to produce a transparent, ethereal soundscape, illustrating the maturity, and melodic knowledge ingrained in the soul of this band. From start to finish, Octahedron offers up a beautifully dark, and nearly perfect musical experience.  Copernicus is one of the best songs the band has written to date, with Cedric's mind-blowing vocals, gorgeous piano work and Omar's stylish pick harmonics rounding it out.    I can't wait to see them on this tour, the songs from Octahedron will be amazing live and add a nice contrast to the bands other material.
B00011V8CW|1.0|If this CD won't put you to sleep nothing will! You don't need Night Quill just pop in this CD. Bowie's 90's music is so far the worst. Then you have just as bad Reality CD the only one worth buying would be Heathen. So almost 20 years from 1990 to 2009 and one decent CD. His true gems are in the 70's. And the 80's had some good stuff, Scary Monsters, Let's Dance and Labyrinth. Oh if buying Bowie's 70's music stay clear of Low and Lodger. They make great dust collectors.
B001R4MEYI|5.0|Mastodon has always been one of those bands that I've set aside from other bands. Not only has the band been original in comparison to other bands but each release has sounded SIGNIFICANTLY different than anything they've released prior. I will admit that when I first heard Remission and Leviathan I was very skeptical. The sounds were new, obscure, and difficult to get into. Several CDs later we have Crack The Skye which is by far the band's best album to date. In this release the band much more progressive influence than their previous records. In Crack The Skye the band realizes that they can kick back and let the song groove and mesmerize the listener rather than constantly battering them with an overflow of music. This album really lets the listener enjoy Mastodon's genius in full rather than just what they can hang on to and keep up with. If you are an old Mastodon fan then I wouldn't come into this CD expecting something like Remission - this CD is more along the lines of Blood Mountain meets Pink Floyd. That being said this CD is definitely a must have! No doubt one of the strongest releases of the year.
0307588335|1.0|Lawrence McDonald, former pork chop salesman, did his greatest selling job ever in getting Random House to publish this book. It is an auto-hagiography with some gossip added. It would be better published in comic book form because all the characters are either good or evil.<br />Not only is it an extremely tedious and boring book, it is very poorly written. I know that Patrick Robinson has written other books, but I hope they are better than this one. It is full of well worn cliches, but the worst part is the rampant metaphor abuse. Some of them go on for paragraphs and most are unoriginal.<br />There is no question that Richard Fuld made horrible management mistakes in the failure of Lehman Brothers, but this book certainly does not offer any real evidence. I hope someone like Michael Lewis, who can write and is not full of himself, takes on this important topic.<br />I have read scores of books on Wall Street and this is without a doubt the worst book on the subject I have ever read. It may be the worst book on any subject I have read.
0060264306|5.0|This book will not have you begging to live the lifestyle Laura Ingalls lived, but it will shame you for not having greater appreciation for all the material goods and conveniences you have instantly.<br /><br />Laura Ingalls, without whining or complaining of how difficult life was, has done far more to elucidate a period of American history that, nowadays, only inhabitants of poor countries can comprehend.<br /><br />If no other bit of this book were read than her description of making butter in Winter, we all would be more satisfied by today's luxuries - C. William Anderson, aka Travis C. Ward.<br /><br />Get this book and revel in Laura's charming look at her childhood but also read between those lines. Her generation was heroic. For similar types of readings I suggest also you read the Foxfire series.
B00197POXG|5.0|If you are a Dr. Quinn fan, this series is definitely for you.  Every episode of the entire series covering six years is contained in an attractive album.  I believe there is 102 hours of watching enjoyment.  This was given to me as a present and I will always treasure it.
B0018YIFEK|4.0|One of the few books I've ever read that just kept getting sadder by the page.  Not a big fan of Ms Picoult's books, but I liked this book a lot.  The writing is a little scattered for me and melodramatic at times, until you get to the trial, then it's about as polished as writing can get.  And just when you think the story can't get any more sad, it does.  Good reading if you like tear jerkers.
0385341008|3.0|I had bought this book awhile back, but had never really gotten around to reading it. Seeing many of the rave reviews, I guess my anticipations might have been high going into the read. After reading, I felt a little disappointed. While I have a strong appreciation for the authors' love of literature, reading, and bringing in a love story amid post World War II, details within the narrative seemed unessential and commonplace, and many letters seemed to be penned by gossipy hens with nothing better to do.<br /><br />Written in epistolary form, this novel goes back and forth through character's lives as they experience the era of post World War II. The club that is formed is a secret way for these characters to communicate with one another, and Juliet, the author looking for a subject for her book, corresponds with many strangers and learns more about this society. While the book is written with a warm, loving feeling, it also has an air of naivety to it in many of the characters and moments.  The main protagonist, Juliet, comes off across as naïve, childish, and silly; she might be the type that would roll her eyes at you at a literary club if you didn't agree with her literary tastes. The book is written in an overly sweet, genteel, chatty tone, which gets nauseating, as many of the characters prattle on about menial items like roasting a dead pig, girly crushes on suitors, and what to wear for dinner. The book's atmosphere just didn't stick with me, and, when there was a story with depth presented, it was given little a page or two of air time, and then a character would go on again about a dress or something else mundane. One of the focuses that could have been developed more was the story of Elizabeth; Juliet does end up doing some research on her eventually because she wants a subject, but this in the book's later stages. Another aspect that would have improved the book is just presenting more stories about the war, rather than forcing in war stories to give Juliet's love story a background.<br /><br />While it was a less-than-satisfying read for me, I can still see how others might like it. With so many books thriving on shock material or trashy writing to entertain, Guernsey is one book that steers clear of this. The authors also clearly did their research going in, and for this I have a great appreciation for what they put together, even if I didn't like it the same way others did. And, being that Mary Ann Shaffer was experiencing an illness in the final stages of writing this book, it is an accomplishment that she was able to put together such a widely appreciated and loved book.  This seems like a book that Oprah would gobble up for her club, but the cutesiness and lack of real stories really made this a little ordinary and unimpressive in my estimation.love story a background.     While it was a less-than-satisfying read for me, I can still see how others might like it. With so many books thriving on shock material or trashy writing to entertain, Guernsey is one book that steers clear of this. The authors also clearly did their research going in, and for this I have a great appreciation for what they put together, even if I didn't like it the same way others did. And, being that Mary Ann Shaffer was experiencing an illness in the final stages of writing this book, it is an accomplishment that she was able to put together such a widely appreciated and loved book.  This seems like a book that Oprah would gobble up for her club, but the cutesiness and lack of real stories really made this a little ordinary and unimpressive in my estimation.
B001MYIXAC|3.0|This is a smart vampire movie, deeper than Lost Boys and not as teen drama romantic as Twilight. The children and their relationship is well presented and the brutality is well placed in my opinion. If you are tired of the Twilight type of vampire give this a shot, it brings some of the horror back to the genre.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|It is extremely refreshing that the makers of this film went out of their way to make a fresh ORIGINAL movie, that will easily become a well sought after classic.<br /><br />I am thoroughly amazed an delighted to see a refreshing movie that moves you to laugh, to cry , to think and to let your mind explore!<br /><br />Different viewers will see different story lines!  It's an incredible film and I look forward to enjoying this movie more than once.<br /><br />The reviewer, Dear Miss Mermaid, is the author of \\"HURRICANES & HANGOVERS (and other tall tales and loose lies from the coconut telegraph)
0765350386|5.0|I can't say much about these books without giving something away, but if you enjoy-or did enjoy before you gave up on-George R. R. Martin's \\"Song of Fire and Ice\\", you will love these books. The world is believable and original, the characters are lifelike and dynamic, and the story is engrossing. You can read the first chapter this book on the author's own website, [....] if you would like to check it out before you buy. But believe me, the books are well worth your money.
B002C2XXJY|5.0|Demi Lovato's second record \\"Here We Go Again\\" has taken the world by surprise. It sold 107k copies in its debut week and became # 1 on the Billboard Top 200 Chart. Some wonder how or why. Let me tell you the reason. The title track from the album is about a lover who gets under the skin. You could say that the song offers the same result within two listens. Solo  is a play on words; about a lover who went so low that the girl plans to go solo. U got Nothin' On Me is a rock-edged final goodbye to a cheating lover. Falling Over Me, cowritten by Jon McLaughlin and producer John Fields, Lovato shows voice maturity and lyrical genius. Quiet  is a rock ballad about two ex-lovers seeing each other again, and the awkward silence that accompanies that.<br /><br />My favorite song on the album is Catch Me  which is about how it feels to fall in love with someone. Lovato wrote Catch Me  solely by herself, and shows that she has mastered the art of lyrical poetry. Her vocal talent on this track equals that of her lyrical talent making this a future hit.<br />Every Time You Lie,  cowritten by Jon McLaughlin vocally sounds like Lovato is inspired by Norah Jones.<br /><br />My other favorite Got Dynamite  vocally, musically, and lyrically has the feel and reaches the talent level of a Kelly Clarkson song. Stop The World , cowritten with Nick Jonas, sounds musically as if it was written with a Jonas Brother. Although, Lovato still shines in her own element on this track. World of Chances  sounds like the feminine version of a John Mayer song. Sure enough, John Mayer cowrote it with Lovato but Lovato proves she herself has vocal talent no matter who cowrites her songs. Remember December  has the poppy rock sound of Kelly Clarkson's \\"One Minute\\" but asks her lover not to surrender the good memories of the love that is becoming a past love.<br /><br />Everything Your Not  sounds to me like a Paramore Song meets the lyrical talent of an Avril Lavaigne song. Vocally, Demi proves again that she has raw talent, making us forget that she is from the Disney Channel. Gift of A Friend  is a nice tribute to all of her friends, which most likely includes BFF Selena Gomez, and the concept of having a friend. Of course, the last track is none other than the theme song to Demi's hit Disney show, \\"Sonny With A Chance.\\"<br /><br />Demi Lovato's second album shows maturity and definite progression from her first album Don't Forget.  Lovato's second record proves to be dynamite and will definitely be on repeat on Ipods worldwide.making us forget that she is from the Disney Channel. Gift of A Friend  is a nice tribute to all of her friends, which most likely includes BFF Selena Gomez, and the concept of having a friend. Of course, the last track is none other than the theme song to Demi's hit Disney show, \\"Sonny With A Chance.\\"     Demi Lovato's second album shows maturity and definite progression from her first album Don't Forget.  Lovato's second record proves to be dynamite and will definitely be on repeat on Ipods worldwide.
0765356147|5.0|This is Sanderson's final book of the Mistborn Trilogy. Not for years have I read such a well-written conclusion to a series of books. I highly recommend this trilogy if you are even remotely a fan of fantasy or even general fiction.
0743298039|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book and one of the best things about it was the description of how the main character felt about books. This story was intriguing and really drew you in to the story. Loved the book!
B00284G2IA|2.0|This is a very distinguished concert, we would like to have a perfect record  the video only 720P is not good,I holp have 1080P
B001FB4W0W|3.0|Its not copy protected! For some reason it plays in the DVD player when \\"it\\" wants. other than that and the soundtrack claims \\"may be different from television series\\" I love True Blood! I would pay the extra money just to use a premium channel to watch it as it airs!
0618918248|5.0|The premise that God is a delusion is the theme of this 2006 best-selling nonfiction treatise by British biologist Richard Dawkins.  It has invoked a plethora of controversy and quite a few rebuttal articles and books.  This is a subject that electrifies argument and endless discussion.  Naturally, I wanted to read it.<br /><br />My responses to the book were strong and definitely mixed.  Mr. Dawkins comes across as one of those insufferable Brits who show off their intelligence with witty put-downs.  I immediately hated the man.  But yet - behind all that arrogance, what he was saying intrigued me.  And so I pushed myself to continue reading.  I'm glad I did.<br /><br />Well before the middle of the book, I had forgotten my distaste for the man and just paid attention to what he had to say.  He says it clearly and decisively too.  Soon, I was swept up in his well-conceived arguments.  After a while, I just couldn't put the book down and found myself pondering it as I went about my daily life.  Frankly, as a result of this book, I don't think I will ever view the world the same again.  He has forever changed my perceptions even though I have neither the background nor the skill to spend time debating every point he raises.  And I must say also that the book did drag a bit near the end.<br /><br />The God Delusion certainly is a worthwhile read and has enriched my life by introducing me to some new ways of looking at the world.  Therefore, in spite of Mr. Dawkins' personality I cannot help but give this book an extremely high recommendation.
0545128285|5.0|This is great for the Harry Potter or Fantasy fan.  J.K. Rowlings tells the mythological stories of the Wizarding World.  It's a great way to introduce Myths and Mythology to upper elementary and middle school students.  I have used it to get students to think about the differences between fact and opinion, critical thinking and even how advertising tries to create their own myths.
B000OCZD5G|5.0|I've been a fan of this movie ever since it came out. I've always been disappointed with the mediocre image quality on the DVD edition of the Road Warrior. It always lacked detail and looked grainy; I feared that the original print of the movie was of low visual quality.     I recently got a 46 inch Hi-Def LCD set and had watched the DVD on it. The image was bigger but no better.    The Blu-Ray version of The Road Warrior ( or Mad Max 2 since this is the original Australian version,) is far superior to the DVD. There is far more detail and the colors are more saturated. I found the widescreen scenes of the Aussie desert quite stunning. This film is easily worth the discounted price it sells for on Amazon.     Since this is the original Aussie version of the film, there are about ten more minutes of the movie which were trimmed out of the U.S. version. While the Aussie version doesn't move quite as quickly as the U.s. version, it is more complex and interesting.      The added detail of the Blu-Ray makes the road battle finale even more dramatic. You have to admire the fearlessness of the stuntmen as they are thrown dozens of feet through the air during those amazing crashes. As this was in the days before CGI, what we see is more or less what really had to happen in front of the camera. Obviously some scenes have dummies getting crushed under wheels, but those are brave guys driving down that narrow road with that huge tanker.     Sadly, the Special features are rather sparse. We do get a commentary track with director George Miller and the director of photography. While I could have wished for a making- of featurette, the Blue-Ray commentary is far better than the zero features of the DVD.     If you love this movie, You should see this disc.
B001AVCFJM|1.0|All the Kool-Aid drinkers across the nation will have nothing but praise to say about this god-awful film. So I thought I'd throw out a little rational perspective about the film that you seem to like for some unknown reason. Here are just a few problems with this movie.     * If the Romulans knew a super nova was coming, why didn't they evacuate the planet?  It takes months for a super nova to blow.     * Let's say that Spock's plan worked. He gets the red matter and fires it at the Romulan sun that's about to Nova. It works! The sun is sucked into a black hole. Mission accomplished.  But now the Romulan solar system has no sun, therefore no warmth, which would cause Romulas to turn into an ice planet. They are damned if they do or don't do anything.  You'd think Vulcans would see it was illogical to do anything but evacuate. Too bad the mindlessly stupid writers of this film didn't notice that also.     * Nero's actions have changed all history and created an alternate timeline. However, they seem to forget that this movie starts with a rather large nitpick. Everyone knows that Captain Kirk was born in Iowa. The very instantaneous second the film begins, everything is unaltered from Nero's actions. Yet Kirk's mother is about to give birth on the starship Kelvin. Why isn't she in Iowa?     * Nero's ship is significantly huge compared to the Kelvin. So why didn't Nero just destroy it? He could have destroyed it easily like he did the much larger attacking Starships around Vulcan. But he just sits there and lets the escape pods fly to their freedom.     * How come the interior of the Kelvin looks like a 20th century metal refinery?     * Why does the engineering section of the Enterprise look like a water treatment facility?     * Do the writers of this film know anything about geography? There are no canyons in Iowa!!!     * Why is the Enterprise built in a cornfield! And exactly how did it get into space???  It has to landing struts. What prevents this thing from tipping over when this ship is released from it's docking clamps? You'll notice this was never shown in the film.     * Spock & Uhura. Hmm. Let's see here. Aside from the fact that this couldn't be a more mismatched coupling, does this young, vibrant, and sexually active Uhura know that Vulcans only mate every 7 years?  Good luck with that, Uhura!    * Why are the Romulans all bald with facial tattoos?  The design of the tattoos are what we call \\"Tribal\\" design in earth of 2009. So why are humanoid aliens from the 24th century using a fad symbol from 2009 earth?     * At one point, Spock gets tired of Kirk's disobedience and ejects him off the Enterprise. Uhm.  Why not just throw him in the BRIG???!!! Isn't ejecting him to an ice planet a little drastic???    * On the original series, Delta Vega was an empty desert planet full of rocks, dust, and a delethium cracking station. In this film, Delta Vega is an ICE PLANET!!! WTF???!!! When did this happen??? And where is the dilethium station???!!!  And how the hell did it get in the Vulcan system???    * Nero strands Spock on Delta Vega so he could watch planet Vulcan get destroyed and feel the pain and anguish Nero felt when Romulas was destroyed. But Delta Vega is an ice planet! Which means it snows a lot. Which means it's probably cloudy most of the time. Which means Spock might not be able to see Vulcan get destroyed! Even if there were no clouds, Nero would have to wait until nightfall before Spock could see anything happening in space. Also, doesn't Nero know that Vulcans are unemotional? A Vulcan might not react like an emotional Romulan would.  And what's to prevent Spock from killing himself before having the witness this and live his live on an ice planet???      * When planet Vulcan is being destroyed, why does Spock try and save the Vulcan elders? Wouldn't it make more sense to save the children and younger Vulcans? After all, this is genocide! Why not save those who are capible of having children?     * On the original series, Kirk's eyes were brown and Dr. McCoy's were blue. In this film, this is reversed. How could Nero's actions change eye color? Especially since both men were conceived long before Nero arrived to change the time line.     * Scotty mentions an experiment he tried with Admiral Archer's dog. Uhm. Wouldn't Archer be long dead since this movie takes place 150 years after the events in Star Trek: Enterprise???    * When Nero is interrigating Captain Pike on his ship, why is Nero walking in 3 feet of water?     * Elder Spock is insistant that Kirk not tell younger Spock of Elder's Spock's exisrtance. Then, at film's end, Elder Spock meets younger Spock anyway!!!    Just a few observations. But if you have an answer for these, I would LOVE to hear them!  I only wish Amazon would allow me to give this film zero stars. It certainly doesn't deserve ANY. This movie was AWFUL. JJ Abrams has ruined Star Trek.
0143034901|5.0|This book is one you want to keep on your shelf and reread at different times.  The setting - Barcelona, Spain- is a perfect backdrop for the mysteries and intrigue that surround and whirl through this tale.  I can so well picture the homes and apartments, the quirky characters and the cemetery of books!  (I read this several years ago, too, with many books in between, but this is one you remember)  Maybe that is why the 5 stars...I want to read again and I remembered even obscure pieces.  Thank you Carlos Ruiz Zafron!
B0013FSL0C|5.0|La série télé est arrivée dans le temps prévu et en super condition.    Merci    Un client satisfait qui a pu découvrir une super série télé.
0061767581|1.0|Please do not support authors who do no write their own material. Having a reality show does not make you an author. This being on the bestseller list sad, sad, sad.
0316286850|5.0|I bought this book on a lark, and glad I did.  The two beauty books I bought are part of my permanent reference to help me be that beautiful woman I am happy to be.
0385342020|4.0|Since I am one of the few who just couldn't get past the second chapter of Shopaholic (hated the fact that it made women seem soooooo stupid) and I loved Can You Keep A Secret (great fun), I am a little apprehensive when it comes to Kinsella's books.  This was her best next to Can You Keep A Secret.  It was funny,light and entertaining.
B002AT4K9G|1.0|I was thinking new cars+original cast= YAY! I was wrong. This movie barely focuses on cars, it's more about a revenge plot the whole movie. Cars are kind of just a side thing. I say, if you really want to see it, go rent it for $1 at a red box. Not worth it. Tokyo drift was better than this one.
B000URDEB0|5.0|I have to say that this CD blew me away. I don't see how anyone can put Annette down. She delivers haunting melodies that grip the soul and speak of true emotion. The musicianship on this CD is incredible. I am hooked. Nightwish is one of the most talented bands of their genre out there, period. When you listen to this CD you are taken away to dark mythical places that stir your soul. It rocks! I definitely recommend it.
B0028SVXR6|5.0|Great album, a little shorter and of a different tune than previous albums but Octahedron still adds to The Mars Volta's great discography!
B000FVQYYK|5.0|I'd first like to say that like Kathleen below, I actually heard this band for the first time in the movie \\"Twilight\\" and it sparked my interest.  I actually gave up buying CD's of bands back in the early 90's and almost exclusively listen to musical scores from movies and live theater.  I don't listen to the radio (except at work where it is inoffensive pop songs) so I'd never heard of this band.  Because I'm so focused on scores, when I see a movie I tend to really listen to how the music is incorporated throughout.  When \\"Supermassive Black Hole\\" showed up in the baseball scene of \\"Twilight\\" I was like...\\"Wow, what is that song?\\" I started checking around and found out it was Muse.  I downloaded the MP3 and loved it so much I thought I'd give the whole album a try.    What a revelation! Their sound is just incredible.  I can't compare to other bands (like so many others in these reviews), so all I can say is that a group HAS to be great to make me buy their CD when I listen almost exclusively to intrumentals.  I do find that I tend to skip 2 tracks whenever I listen to this CD - \\"Take a Bow\\" and \\"Assassins.\\"  And, unlike many other reviewers, I can take or leave \\"Knights of Cydonia,\\" although I've started listening to that song a little more often than I used to.  But Matt Bellamy's voice, the melodies and the lyrics are just incredible to me.  I've played this album over and over and just don't get tired of it.    As I've pointed out to friends and family, to find an album these days where you love almost all the songs instead of only (maybe) 2-3 of them is incredible and I HIGHLY recommend this album to anyone else interested in trying out something different.  I've also ordered Muse's \\"Absolution\\" and am looking forward to that album as well.    Edit:  Well, I've listened to \\"Absolution\\" and that is running a VERY close second to this album.  I feel this one overall is a little more consistent, but both albums are well worth adding to your collection.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I LOVE 'Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog' The songs are great the casting was perfect and it is something that I can watch over and over!!
B0028T6XXY|5.0|I love the down home style of Michael Buble. He is so humble and appreciative of his fans.  I would love to see him live. He came to Sudbury, but I was unable to get a ticket to the sold out show. I hope someday that I will get to attend one of his concerts. From my friends that saw his concert I hear it was great. I am not surprised. I have loved his style since I first saw him on the Vicky Gabereau show from Vancouver many years ago, and have bought his recordings ever since then as they are released.I think he most represents what Canada is all about. He makes us feel like he could be our son, brother and grandson. As a grandmother with grown grandsons I want to believe that they look up to me as Michael does his grandfather. He credited his grandfather for his special musical talent. They had a special bond,they were musical soul mates.We all would like to attend a concert at Madison Square Gardens and for Michael to have performed there is a special feat.We Canadians are very proud of Michael.Another one of my idols is Helmut Lotti. Helmut says he would love to perform with Michael. This would be a great concert in Madison Square Gardens.They both have many American fns.
B00005JOFQ|5.0|I have seen this movie about 5 times since it's release.  Strong dramatic performances from all and a great tribute to Heath Ledger's work. He died far too young. Ang Lee tackles the subject of two gay men falling in love in the rural 60's and how things actually were back then with tenderness and brutal honesty. A great, and in my humble option, much needed, piece of work.    ~AJ  Texas, US
B00288KNLS|4.0|I'm someone who has seen the movie in theatres, and has read the book. As a film, \\"Coraline\\" is great, different in tone from the book but equally valid and entertaining. The experience of watching it in 3-D at home, however, was not as enjoyable. It was  markedly different from the 3-D I saw in theatres. Even after following the prescribed optimal viewing procedures (keeping the room dark, setting picture mode to \\"standard,\\" letting my eyes get adjusted) I found the 3-D to be terribly desaturated in color, fuzzy, and not terribly effective. In the movie house, the 3-D was seamlessly integrated into the film and added texture. At home, it became distracting and fuzzy, and didn't do justice to the photography. By all means buy this movie, but I'd recommend seeing it in 2-D.
B0009XNUK0|5.0|Fantastic CD!! It included so many of MIchael's hits and the songs I love to hear. For this price it was well worth it.
0440238609|5.0|Like many other people, I went to see The Golden Compass in the theater.  At the end of the movie, it just sort of abruptly ended, and I remember being a little disoriented by the lack of closure.  Now I understand that it was being faithful to the book.  Since this is one story split among three physical books, the only real way to read this story is to read all three books in sequence.  As for the story, it's an excellent read (easily one of the best I've read this year).  It's rather dark in spots, but the character development (for the main characters) is quite good.  The heros are not all good, and the baddies are not all bad, which is quite true in real life too.
B000092T6M|5.0|I just want to know if this 2-disc Special Extended Edition is truly ANAMORPHIC, does the images FILL a widscreen TV without having to ZOOM ? ? ?    The older DVD was 1.85 letterbox format ~~~    THX in advance for a reply !!
B00003CX8Y|5.0|I was a bit worried about this purchase as I usually would buy from a local store.  The movie came on time and was in perfect condition.  I was worried about piracy issues but it is a legit copy.  My daughter has watched dozens of times already!
B00151HZME|5.0|...probably I would have never bought it by the cover.. sometimes I did it.. you know.. cover for a cd is important!... should give you an idea of what you're gonna listen to...  well, I found out of these guys as opening act for Depeche Mode, and I can tell I've been really impressed!!  I began to see DM live in 1986 and I can say I never did like their opening act... these were the first I searched for when I got back home from the gig... and the search was worth itself...  ...  I can say that sometimes their melodies are even too simple, but they catch you, maybe for that reason too.. It sounds oldish... vintage synths... nothing new maybe or something alredy heard... but THIS album especially (because I bought the entire discography) is really flawless, from the first track, leading to one of their singles \\"Kim & Jassie\\" which became one of my favourites, also because I clearly recalled it from the gig!... the silliness and at-the-same-time majesty of the last trip.. sorry :-) last track: 10 minutes of 2 chords pad in loop....  well... lyrics are just a little bit creepy but it's part of the game!  ....  Don't know if you'll like it or not, BUT, to me, it's one of those cds that it's NOT listened once and then put away in a cd tower...  BUY IT.. it's worth...
B0027HOBM2|5.0|I still don't know exactly how to explain Mad Men to people.  I can't believe that so many people still do not know about this show.  After following the Sopranos religiously I knew I need to find something to fill the void.....  Well this might not quite do it but the combination of Mad Men, Lost, Dexter, and True Blood gives me my fix.      Mad Men is a must see and this is a great way to get into the series while its still young.  Both the first and second seasons look great on blu-ray disc.  Do yourself if you haven't started watching this series and pick up both today!
B00000269G|5.0|Misty sprays furiously coming off of the rocks in some seaside scene. Smoke-filled nightclubs with the tinkling of martini glasses and of the piano. Better yet, background music for some Bogart film noir of the 1950's. That is what the jazz piano of Mr. Errol Garner reminds me of. And it seems  natural to believe in those dream-like scenarios mentioned above as Garner's heyday was in the 1950s when jazz was going through some turns and it needed to rest, a little, on his capable shoulders. I need only add, since this concert took place in Carmel, California in 1955, that this is one of the few times that the future mayor of Carmel, actor/director Clint Eastwood, and I can agree on something. He has used Garner's work as background in more than one of his films. Hell, he may have been in the audience for this one.  I wish I was.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|This movie is a visual feast. The lcations, the angles, the acting, and the artistry are all superb. The little girl is perfect. the stoy is good, but the visual artistry of this film is some of the best that I have ever seen. A very unique film. How he even found those locations is beyond me.
0783225903|5.0|It is a great brain and eye pleaser.  It is a great classic movie.
067144901X|5.0|My little one is 5 months now.  I bought this the other day.  I've read it several times to her already and she seems to light up when I read it.  I love Sandra's books!
B0018PH3L0|5.0|In order to give full disclosure - I am a pretty big fan of Westerns. The genre appeals to me, and Lonesome Dove is simply put, one of the best. This made for tv mini-series tells the intriguing tale of Gus and Woodrow, two old Texas Rangers. The casting choice of Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones is perfect for these two characters. They both are riveting in these roles, and make you admire the pure masculine leadership they demonstrate leading the cattle drive from Texas to Montana, and the adventures they encounter along the way.<br /><br />Others have already described all the sub-plots and characters involved in this epic drama. The series contains everything you need in a good Western - tough men, good humor, enormous challenges, interesting plot twists, exciting gun fights, bad guys, good guys, strange characters, love, loss, hardship....it is all there. There is something for everyone whether you are a Western fan, or not. If the final scene between Gus and Woodrow does not bring tears to your eyes then you should check in at the nearest hospital.<br /><br />I recently bought the DVDs and watched the entire series again, and was just as interested as the first time I saw them. My wife and kids have greatly enjoyed Lonesome Dove as well. I highly recommend Lonesome Dove to any fan of Westerns, or anyone looking for a great American tale of adventure. Well worth the time.
B001GQ2TGA|4.0|For Enya lastest, it is a very good soft listening music and very representiv of her music.
B0026ZNL7Q|5.0|it is one of those things,that you wish you could do that.This is their best album to date,i just could not believe,that Riverside could do better,than the last one,but they did it.This is what four very talented people can create together.Bravo.Everyone should buy it.I personally believe,this is as significant,as was \\"dark side of the moon\\" at that time.
0786860707|5.0|This is a great find if you are a Disney fanatic or just into animation and its process. I highly recommend this product for anyone.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I'm not going to rehash or summarize the movie.  That's been done.  I just wanted to give this movie a thumbs up.  Every singel person in it is perfect for their respective roles.  It is one of the most enchanting movies I've ever seen and I simply loved it.  The actors were great, the special effects were stunning, and the story was wonderful.  I especially liked the character development of Tristan.  It is shown both physically and emotionally.  Super nice job one and all and thank you Neil Gaiman for a story that leaves me sated every time I watch it.
B000021XS0|4.0|Dream Theater never ceases to amaze me. And with this one they just solidified the fact that they are the best prog. Metal band in history. Especially since's its a concept album, which is can get very hard at times trying to stay on subject and let the music back up the story.    The band works very well together and everyone has their time to shine. The concept is very intruiging and flows very well. The only two reasons i didn't give it 5 stars is that there were too many slow songs, and it seemed a little short to me. A couple one or two minute songs. But all in all it was an awesome album. Definately worth the money. If you truly are a fan of dream theater, get this album and earn the right to call yourself one.
B0028K31CE|5.0|This is an awesome CD/DVD.  I am a huge Maxwell fan and I am loving the new Maxwell and the new sound.
B001993Y2C|3.0|Yes, it's big, unwieldy, and comes with a Cylon action figure. Here are the qualms that caused me to knock a couple stars off my rating: 1) No booklets, inserts, or even printing on the individual discs to indicate which specific episodes, features, or other content is on each specific disc. 2) The Face of the Enemy webisodes are not included on this set (the first webisodes are, as is the first TV movie, Razor). The series overall I give five stars, including the controversial finale, which I adored. According to Edward James Olmos at the Caprica/BSG The Plan panel at Comic Con this year, the TV movie The Plan will warrant rewatching the entire series in a new light, at the end of which he encourages all fans to put in Bladerunner and see how perfectly the stories match up. He also hinted at the possibility of even more future TV movies past The Plan, should interest and sales of BSG remain strong. So say we all.
B00006L9ZT|4.0|The DVD is everything I expected. I had watched this production on PBS about 20 years ago.   The price was well worth.
B001W6S0C6|5.0|Beautifully remastered and tons of special features. This is the Batman I grew up so of course it is my favorite. The new ones are great but this one just takes me back to my youth. Chuck your old copy and get this masterpiece.
B001NLKT60|5.0|So many twists and turns!  I caught myself sitting there with my mouth open in astonishment more than once.  I can hardly wait for the final book in the trilogy.
B000GFLAI0|5.0|\\"Modern Times\\" is excellent! This is one of Bob Dylan's best albums, if not, his best. All of the tracks on here are excellent!    Track Listing  1. Thunder On The Mountain  2. Spirit On The Water  3. Rollin' and Tumblin'  4. When The Deal Goes Down  5. Someday Baby  6. Workingman's Blues #2  7. Beyond The Horizon  8. Nettie Moore  9. The Levee's Gonna Break  10. Ain't Talkin'
B001EN71DQ|5.0|I got this as a Father's day gift for my husband. I didn't even realize they had it a box set yet. The package is very thin and sleek. Of course these movies rock! My 3 year old daughter even loves them.
B00260HH3K|2.0|The movie is is much like Masters of the Universe, a low budget deviation from the source material. It is at best mediocre and short. The plot and speical effects are at best of a TV-Movie variety and James Marsters part seems it was cut down quite a bit. I would say only to rent it but never to purchase it.
0307454541|5.0|For the last 10 years \\"The Butcher's Boy\\" by Thomas Perry has never been ousted as my favorite in the whodunit-and-whydtheydoit crime genre. But I have to say that \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" and even more so the second in the series \\"The Girl who played with Fire\\" have usurped \\"The Butcher's Boy\\" in my list of favorites. I am on-line now to order the third in the series \\"The Girl who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.  The characters are modern, out of the ordinary, appealing and believable.  OK maybe the main character, Salander, is almost too remarkable but the author makes it OK because you want her to be extraordinary. The fate of the characters is not predictable and the conclusion of some character relationships were not as expected. I highly suggest that the series be read in order starting with \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" and prepare to do nothing until you have finished reading. I truly couldn't put either book down until the end.
1423113497|5.0|I was hoping to find something that my 3rd grader would read and enjoy.  Instead, I have been reading them these stories outloud as a bedtime story all summer.  We are all loving them.  It has certainly given them the notion that books contain really cool stories and that reading is worth the trouble. Probably more suitable for a 5th grader to read to himself. I love that the main character has ADHD - and that it proves very useful when on the lava climbing wall! I also love the integration of the Greek myths. My son has now been researching mythical beasts online (and reading all about them - ahhh, my plot has worked, after all!)
B001MYIXAC|5.0|I have to admit I almost stopped watching this movie 17 minutes into it. The dubbing was really getting to me. I found myself longing for an American version of the film so that I wouldn't have to sit through stiff acting and annoying dubbing....But then something chilling happened..I was transfixed by the story unfolding before my eyes, dubbing and all..This is a vampire tale with all the right ingredients: chilling atmosphere, mysterious lead characters, sinister & suspenseful moments, and subtle implied danger that turns to brutal violence in the blink of an eye. There is an undercut romantic element to the film but it comes off as bitter sweet rather than over lush like so many of today's pop art vampire teen trash movies. The action and violence are also underplayed which draws more attention to the characters and the mystery of the story line. The film works on so many levels that I found myself cursing the idea of an american remake despite my annoyance with dubbing in general.
0545123267|4.0|For years, Grace has watched the wolves in the woods behind her house. One yellow-eyed wolf--her wolf--is a chilling presence she can't seem to live without. Meanwhile, Sam has lived two lives: In winter, the frozen woods, the protection of the pack, and the silent company of a fearless girl. In summer, a few precious months of being human . . . until the cold makes him shift back again.<br /><br />Now, Grace meets a yellow-eyed boy whose familiarity takes her breath away. It's her wolf. It has to be. But as winter nears, Sam must fight to stay human--or risk losing himself, and Grace, forever.<br /><br />After reading Maggie's first book Lament, I was so enchanted by her writing that I have been not-so-patiently waiting for her next book. Thankfully I was not disappointed! Shiver is a wonderful story with the author's same magical writing style.<br /><br />In line with the classic tragic love story, Grace and Sam seemed doomed to be separated forever when the winter cold will force him to change back into the wolf that roams the woods behind Grace's house during the winter. Adding insult to injury, the local townspeople have formed a blood-thirsty posse bent on killing the wolves after a boy was killed in the forest.<br /><br />While desperately trying to put off Sam's transformation, he and Grace try to figure out who is responsible for the attack on the boy in the forest. Was it just random or are other people in danger too? Solving this mystery could lead them to all the answers they need to stay together.<br /><br />Having the chapters alternately narrated by Sam and Grace gives the reader a clear understanding of the feelings they have for each other and the situation that they are in. This book will be a hot ticket among the paranormal romance crowd...star crossed lovers who fight the odds to stay together.<br /><br />Appropriate for middle school and up.
B0000026WD|5.0|Great CD, my father has had it since it first came out. But I didn't receive like I thought. The seller canceled my order and refunded me without notice.
B00005K3NY|4.0|A small number of humans have been endowed with superhuman telepathic power and are, amongst other things, able to read ordinary human minds.  For most of these people, they have been driven to depression and insanity.  Thus starts the story for the main character, Cameron Vale, of this early 80s horror flick.  Cameron is rescued by Dr. Paul Ruth, who explains some of his unique powers to him.  Vale, and others like him, are called Scanners, and possess powers far beyond simple mind reading.  Ruth recruits Vale to help battle Darryl Revok, a powerful but insane Scanner who is trying to find and either co-opt or destroy all other Scanners.  Ruth wants Vale to penetrate Revok's organization and ultimately destroy him.  Vale encounters other Scanners, battles some of Revok's minions, and learns that things are not quite what they seem . . .<br /><br />This 80s era horror flick has actually aged pretty well.  It is most famous for the head blowing scene in which Revok kills another scanner by exploding his head using his telepathic powers.  There are plot holes that you can drive a truck through, and some of the acting is really poor (particularly by the two main characters - Stephen Lack and Jennifer O'Neil), but the story is sufficiently compelling (and gory) to hold one's interest.  Michael Ironside has some pretty crazy face gestures!  I certainly wouldn't put this film into the `classic' category, but it is fairly entertaining if you like horror films, particular from the 70s-80s.  If you haven't seen it before, you've got to watch it at least once, just for the head blowing scene and the climactic battle at the end - those two scene are all-time classics!
B002BFBAWO|5.0|WOW! I recently saw this movie on a hotel pay per view deal.   I was blown away. The trailer hinted that it might be a good film but this movie really delivers. it is somewhat like a new take on a John Hughes formula but with more believable less stereotyped and more complex character development. It is an amazing script that captures its time period perfectly.  Having once had the opportunity to have worked in the film industry, a film as great as this makes me sorry that I ever left it and is one of those films that if you are very lucky you have the opportunity to work on.  Greg Mottola's directing and writing is top notch. he does a amazing job with his actors and they all shine.  The cinematography is also amazing as is the edit. It feels like the director has actually caught all of those fleeting moments in life in your early 20's in the late 80's just as they happened and almost has a documentary look to it without being overt or overly stylish.  The edit is also amazing and the whole film comes off as very stylish but none of its artistic elements ever get in the way of the characters or the narrative.  This is the best movie of its type I have ever seen and is a must see.  Finally the soundtrack is epic with the best mix of songs from 80's era music in any film ever.  Greg Mottola is a genius and I would quit my career to work with him as an assistant.
B0028K3192|5.0|I purchased this Cd on Amazon by pre-ordering it before it's release date, and I have listened to it and shared it with family . We are all diehard Maxwell fans. I have enjoyed Pretty Wings , Bad Habit and PhoenixRise so much I have to buy a new cd PDQ( pretty darn quick). This man is so talented and sensitive that I share his music with my little nephews (one is named Maxwell after him) because his songs are not indecent. Grown ups know what he is talking about without the vulgarity others use. I absolutely recommend this cd to any and all. Help Somebody is a great song to promote helping our fellow mankind and we all need to take heed and do just that. Love You is a wonderful song and I have the utmost respect for him taking a hiatus , gave me a chance to enjoy Embrya , Now , Urban hang Suite , especially Reunion number 9 , I fall asleep to this man every night and listen in the car and while on the computer. So if you can order all of his cds and sit back and chill and just feel the music. Don't forget to get MTV Unplugged.Amazon has all 5 so get them NOW before they are gone.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|My daughter bought when she was in highschool and here I am loving this cd and I could have cared less 25 years ago and guess what her 6 year old son came over and wanted to borrow my [THRILLER CD]. It really is an amazing cd and you also get a video with it.
B001KVZ6F2|2.0|Maybe the hype to this movie set up higher expectations. The acting was not that great and seemed forced at times. Walt seemed to have a change of heart way too soon, did not seem like a natural progression. One minute he hates the Koreans and the next he is out to save them. It would have been nice if there was more of a transition. The ending, while admirable was very predictable to me. SPOILER ALERT. It was so obvious when Walt went to confession and only had those two simple sins to confess...nothing about any vigilante killings he was about to do...you just knew that he was not going to do anything bad/illegal etc. When he was standing outside the gang bangers residence just blabbing away (risking be shot at any second) I knew again that he had no intentions on shooting anyone otherwise he would have done it right away and not risked getting shot first. You can see him setting it all up, dragging it on for more witnesses to see etc. It was an ok movie and I like Clint but it sure did not live up to all of the hype I heard.... The story line was very good but not executed very well in my opinion. Disagree if you wish as you are entitled to your opinion as well.. I know I am in the minority on this one but stand by my review.
0142501123|5.0|Love it ...original story and great illustrations...you can't go wrong with any of Donaldson's books all fab!
B001QOOCTE|5.0|I am very amazed by the effort of the playing for a change movement, and proud to support them, the songs are beautifully performed by many local artist from around the world, It is an extraordinary cd!!
B000YABYLA|3.0|and that will cover any logic gaps and plot holes in the story. The movie starts down one path and changes lanes halfway through as the story goes from being a dark comedy about teen pregnancy with Juno looking for a guilt free way to unload her unwanted baby while dropping \\"ain't I so jadedly world wise\\" knowing references and cynically detached remarks then the movie changes to a soapy chick flick about relationships focusing on the Loring's problems and Juno's realization that perfect families don't exist.    The story has several plot threads running through it that are left as loose ends. It's believable that a 16 year old could be interested in music beyond hit du jour, but to have her claim to be into \\"the raw power of the Stooges\\" while singing folksy emo or whatever the style is called doesn't make any sense in the context of the movie. Is her ragging on Sonic Youth & preferring to listening to the Hoople while Mark is getting cold feet supposed to represent maturing on her part? Also Juno's as hip as it fits the plot of the moment, she knows Soupy Sales, but not Bob Marley? Overall the movie seems to be trying to make some profound statement that never quite makes it to the surface and leaves me wondering exactly what point they were trying to make.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I would reccomend thisvideo to anyone and everyone.If you aren't a MJ fan you will be after you watch this. It really makes you realize what an amazing entertainer he will never be forgotten. The audio and video was great. I am a 62 year old grandmother with 4 grandsons. I have told all of my friends about this video and they bought it and loved it as much as I do.
1421527618|4.0|Groundhog's Day meets Starship Troopers is the best way to describe the story in All You Need Is Kill. It's a whole lot of fun and a wild ride. At just about 200 pages it's an exciting quick read that's just begging to be flown through. The only thing that puts me off is the $14 price tag on the cover that's a little steep for a 200 page paperback but it's definitely a lot of fun if you're a sci fi or anime buff.
0333963962|5.0|You can not go wrong with Julia Donaldson's books they are all so original and fun. This one is really sweet and would be enjoyed by a range of ages!
9562911640|5.0|Quick delivery on the item which was very pleasing. The Master Key System is meant to be used over a twenty four week period. The teachings are working already in week four. This book comes highly recommended for people who want to get out of the rat race or need to better themselves in life in general. The teachings and concepts will work in any country.
B001QTXM5Y|3.0|The science fiction / superhero elements of this movie are absolutely spectacular, but the brutality and violence levels are so high, that I was turned off throughout most of the film.  Had there been fewer bloody shootouts, fewer heads crashing into walls, fewer bodies exploding into smithereens, and less anguish and pain, I would have given WATCHMEN five stars.    If you take away the gratuitous blood and gore, you are left with a brilliant sci fi / superhero movie that is visually stunning and thematically thought provoking.  It might be asking for too much, but it would great if this movie could be re-edited to eliminate the extreme violence.
B001993Y2C|2.0|This box is BIG.  BIG BIG.  Huge.  Ugly.  You get the point.  I don't think BSG '03 is the greatest science fiction show ever, but it's good enough for me to want to own -- and on Blu-ray in anticipation of its stellar HD visual effects.  I have a huge sense of buyer's remorse ever since this monstrosity arrived at my doorstep.  I mean what is this thing, a diorama?  It's maybe three times bigger than it needs to be and takes up an entire tier on my bookshelf.  Honestly, to whatever team of chimpanzees at Universal came up with this packaging: Number one, you are not fans of the show nor are you by any stretch of the imagination serious collectors of DVDs/BDs.  Number two, what's with the clumsy carousel-esque pop-up top?  Number three, that Cylon figure is lamer than lame and does not smooth over this design calamity.  I'll stop counting now.  Alright, so no extra pocket for the eventual release of The Plan?  Come on people.  Get your heads together and offer alternative packaging on your website for the price of shipping and a proof of purchase.  I am seriously considering unhinging this albatross from my neck and selling it on eBay in favor of the individual releases.      Other than that I hear that the discs themselves and the extras are outstanding.
0930073207|5.0|Anyone interested in the study of economics should start with this book. Especially in our day of runaway government spending, we need to to be knowledgeable in this matter. The author is able to make his subject simple enough for most of us to understand. It is an excellently written book.
B001QTXM5Y|1.0|My husband rented this movie. He thought it would be better then what it was. I could not make heads or tails on what was going on or what the movie is really  about. It is to long ( over 2 hours) and drawen out. It really don't make any sense. This movvie I would not recommend this for kids due to the language and the sexual content.( It is rated R for a reason) My husband said it should go on the wrost movie list. Save your money and don't buy this movie.  You might want to rent this movie frist and see for your ownself if you like it or not before you spend your money on it.
0312370849|5.0|This is a sad but wonderful book. It is really well written and you really feel for the characters. I highly recommend it!
B0010YSD7M|5.0|SG1 is the best tv series ever made.  It is so much more than all of the star trek and interprise movies.  SG1 has suspense, action, comedy, and much much more.  Nothing will ever take the place of the original SG1 with Jack O'Neal and the rest of the gang.
0446679089|5.0|Nelson DeMille absolutely spoils one and makes it very difficult to read other, less talented authors.  I have read three of his books twice and one three times.  Subsequent readings are almost as wonderful as initial readings and preferable to reading most other authors.  He is truly an accomplished, rare writer.
B001993Y2C|4.0|Ok, so now you think that this box set is probably made cheaply based on these reviews.  Not so.  I ordered mine the day it came out for $209.99, got it Saturday, and so far am very impressed. I watched the final 2 episodes from season 4.0 today and have to say it rocks!  The space battles look awesome and the Cylon baseship interiors look much better than standard definition. (night and day difference).  Just like everybody else is saying the presentation box could have been better, but it is still impressive.  It's not meant to be put on a shelf with a DVD collection, but to be a display that is actually a piece of art.  Yes the individual boxes could have been designed better, but it's really not that bad.  My discs are rock solid in the cases and don't slide around.  They fit in grooves similar to credit cards in a wallet.  Labels on the disc would be nice though and it would've been nice to get some kind of documentation such as a pictorial book of the whole season. (I don't collect cylon toys)  Overall I would recommend it to anyone one who loves the series and absolutely has to have the best quality available, like myself.
B001GCUNYO|5.0|I was skeptical about this movie when I saw the trailers (in-spite of Liam Neeson who i totally have great regard for).... and accordingly missed the movie at the theaters .... Boy ... have i ever been wrong in judging a book by its cover .... this Action Thriller is back to the good old days of ruthless action .... Liam Neeson plays this bad-ass ex/retired CIA agent ... who has his daughter kidnapped during this Europe Trip ... the whole movie is all about how he systematically looks for clues ... kills bad men .... and finally rescues his daughter ......<br /><br />I finally watched it on Netflix ..... and have ordered the Blu-Ray from Amazon .... Liam Neeson at his deadly best since Schindler's List and Love Actually.
1594488916|5.0|I understand the love of books. My home resembled a library or a bookstore. Until some of my friends had an intervention with me about my \\"obsessive hording\\" books. Strong armed me into taking them to Goodwill, selling them at yard sales, etc. Reading this book makes me want all my books back. I loved them. But not as much as John Gilkey.<br /><br />Mr. Gilkey had such an intense obsessive passion for books he HAD to have them. He found if you can't afford to buy them...just take them. What makes a man go through so much and take huge risks in order to steal as many rare and collectable books as he can?<br /><br />If you are a book lover like me, you will understand the literary world, the crimes, the collecters, the booksellers, and the others who would gladly get rid of the livingroom furniture to fit in a few more bookshelves, you will love this book.<br /><br />BTW I still have SOME of my books, ones my friends were sure I purged, packed in boxes hidden behind a couple large canvases in a closet in my art studio. Shhhhhhh.
B001FB55H6|2.0|This movie would have been fine without the slasher/horror movie violence. I caution any parents against letting their kids see this. I wish I had not rented or watched Watchmen.
B002A9OJ0Q|5.0|This is one of those rare albums where every song is great. Morten Harket's amazing voice gives wings to a-ha's signature sound of upbeat melancholy. This album has a mixture of catchy pop, mellow, meaningful and highly technical music - all of it fantastic. I highly recommend this album.
0307394549|1.0|Is it just me?  Most everyone else seems to like this book.  I often like Martha Stewart's recipes, but I did NOT like this book.  First, it over complicates ingredients and their cost.  For example, one of the oatmeal cookie recipes calls for chunky applesauce (three times more expensive) and then goes on to have you beat it well and pulverize the chunks anyhow.  So why bother with chunky?  Or is it the chicness of it all?  Then there's coarse salt instead of regular salt, expensive liqueurs, specialty pans that are VERY expensive, etc.  Second, many of the recipes are just variations of the same recipe over and over added, presumably, to make the book bigger and more appealing.  Third, a reliance strictly on butter (with one or two possible exceptions) instead of shortening.  Yeah, I know that butter is better for you and tastes delicious.  And I also know that many shortenings have trans fats in them.  Yet who in the world ever claimed cookies to be health foods anyhow?  Anyone who has been baking for a while knows there are times you use butter and times you use shortening/lard.  Cookies often come out so much better with shortening in terms of height and composition unless they're specifically a \\"butter cookie,\\" like a Mexican Wedding Cake or something like that.    I have been baking for many, many years (OK, more than I want to admit) and consider myself a fairly accomplished cook/chef.  I was very disappointed with this book.  Between the expense of ingredients and cooking implements, the time wasted on needless steps (surely with today's modern mixers we don't have to sift everything?), the repeat recipes (most of which can be found on her web site), and a seemingly lack of basic knowledge of what makes a good, shelf-stable, storable cookie, well, I would have been better off buying a package of store-bought cookies.  Yuck.
B0018YIFEK|5.0|This was my first Jodi Picoult novel and upon completing it, I immediately purchased two more of her books. I couldn't wait to pick up the book and continue reading where I had left off. It was captivating and heartbreaking all at once.<br /><br />My Sister's Keeper addresses an ethical slippery slope of conceiving a child (Anna) to save another who has been diagnosed with leukemia (Kait). Anna is filing a lawsuit to obtain the right to make her own decisions about whether she wants to be a donor for Kait.<br /><br />The author tells the story from the perspective of Anna, her attorney, her guardian at litem, her mother, father, and forgotten brother.  I empathized with the plight of each family member in the face of conflicting opinions about the best course of action for Anna and Kait.  The author does an excellent job of conveying what it is like for each of the characters to live in relation to the girls.<br /><br />I have mixed feelings about the ending, but with a book that addresses this topic, how can you not?
B00005JKLZ|4.0|Yes, Pal's version is a classic and you can't get a more rugged heroic type than a young Rod Taylor.  But I actually like this movie.  It has heart.  Pierce's character is driven by more than a quest for science it is emotionally personal.  Nice effects and a good action film.  It isn't a classic, true.  It's a popcorn picture.  Sometimes people take these sort of things way too seriously. It's science fiction.  There is NOTHING in science fiction literature that can stand alongside the great works of all time.  So check your disbelief at the door and you'll be entertained.
B000UVT3OI|5.0|This is a great CD/DVD set. It has all of Garth's best.    A good buy.
055358202X|2.0|Like the jillion other reviewers here, I too am a major fan of the first books, love fantasy and have read it all.  This book broke my heart.  I waited to read the series until four books were released.  I thought I'd be safe, alas, I felt the Jordan/Goodkind effect nonetheless.  First of all, this book was just too nasty.  I am no Anne McCaffrey reader, but do expect some balance in events between good and bad.  This book just got ugly, and TO NO PURPOSE.  Some of the dire events were just uncalled for...<br /><br />Second, the characters GRRM chose to use were the least interesting and least likable.  I continuously wondered why he was telling things from those perspectives.  Cersei and Brienne were both oversimplified in their extremes.  I also often would forget what had happened because the story had gotten so disconnected.  It meandered with no real plot craft.  And I HATED hearing one sentence explanations of events that happened to characters that had been front and center in the first two books.  That is a totally annoying and lazy writing device.<br /><br />Finally, and worst of all, the author had dozens of sub-plots set up that he just let disappear.  Its like he forgot them or something.  While that is fine when used in a limited way (keeps the reader guessing) it has been used so much in this series that it makes the writer appear unskilled, or distracted, or whatever...<br /><br />I really loved the first two books and was so excited to read them all.  I can't say that I regret reading them, but I really hate this level of disappointment when I've invested time into a story and its characters.
B002C4P7J6|3.0|This movie is o.k. if you can let go of the original Dragonball story and just accept this as a re-imagining. The characters and plot are simplistic and the special effects are TV network level, but it works as a passable film. Overall it is not a great movie, but it is also not that bad as long as you can get over the fact that it has little to do with the original Dragonball universe besides borrowing some of the basic elements.
B001DTPZNY|4.0|There is nothing more thrilling than the iconic Indiana Jones music starting up. It conjures up images of whips, explosions, and golden idols. Now we join Indy once again a little bit later and a little bit older. Despite his age, Jones can still battle with the best of them. To avoid spoiling the ending which I am sure you heard, I'll tell you that there are some favorite characters returning and another mission (a cheesy one but a mission nonetheless) to fight his way through. Now he is better dead than red instead of beating Nazis' head together. And despite the strange and slightly unsatisfying ending, the movie has plenty of classic Indy that we all missed so much.
B000002KIK|5.0|Don't mind how old are you, if you think that you are a hard rocker, yo must buy Black Sabbath complete collection. Never say die it is acid, some psichodelic, hard, fast... some sad and angry, very good.
B00275EGTW|5.0|If you are fortunate enough to live in a city where this movie is playing, I highly advise that you go see it. Despite falling under the category of science-fiction, Moon is not a movie where you have to be a science-fiction buff to appreciate its many virtues. In fact, it might be more accurate to describe Moon as a drama. The drama in this case is to be found within oneself, as Moon is pretty much a one man show.    The movie begins with a commercial for Lunar Industries, a company that has found alternative energy sources on the moon. True to the nature of any corporation, costs are apparently kept to a minimum by having only a single human being on their moon base to oversee the extraction of Helium 3 -- the precious alternative energy source. Consequently, Sam Bell is that sole employee who is serving out his 3 year contract on the moon. Stationed with him on this moon base is a computer with an emoticon personality named Gherty 3000. Other than, he has only himself for company. In the final stretch of his contract Sam slips into despair and falls prey to his own hallucinations. Moon is a survival story. The drama, however, is not in Sam's fight for physical survival or even mental survival. His battle is an emotional one. His memories of earth and loved ones waiting for him are the raw materials for his survival -- but may also be the wellsprings for his rapid slip into despair.    Artistically, Moon pays its greatest homage to Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey. The Gherty 3000 is an obvious nod to the Hal 9000 in both its name and in the ominous voice that is provided by Kevin Spacey. Even the design of the computer interface and its typography is a revival of Kubrick's vision of the Discovery One ship. Unlike 2001, which remained mostly silent and stoic throughout, Moon is full of emotional inflections that curve our perception of both Sam and Gherty. Isolation has its quirky side with Moon.  Space movies often evoke the question, \\"Are we alone in this universe?\\" Moon truncates that question to this: \\"Are we alone?\\"
0307269981|5.0|\\"The girl\\" is Lisbeth Salander, the strange, brilliant heroine of  [[ASIN:B002EP30YC The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo (Mass Market Paperback) Import]]. The first volume of Stieg Larsson's trilogy, originally titled Men who Hate Women, is joined by a sequel every bit as good.<br /><br />In this volume set in 2005, Salander has returned from a leisurely tour of the world, only to find herself named as the principal suspect in three murders.The victims are  an author working on an expose of the Swedish sex trade for Millennium Magazine, who together with his brilliant wife are found shot in their Stockholm apartment. Shortly thereafter the body of Salander's guardian, the odious Nils Erik Bjurman, is found. His death  by the same pistol used in the other crime, and it has Salander's fingerprint on it.<br /><br />Salander's friends stand by her. Some do this even though they believe she is fully capable of violence, and even murder.  Salander's private morality, they argue, precludes murder without good cause. Mikael Blomkist, the editor of Millennium, starts his own investigation of the three murders, as does Armansky her former employer at Milton Security. Both men have close ties to Salander even though they truly know little about her. Slowly through the police investigation and the two parallel private probes, some of the truth about Salander is revealed.<br /><br />This book should be read after The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. While this volume could stand alone, and certain crucial plot elements of the\\" Vanger Affair\\" are hidden from the reader who starts out with this volume, the first volume's introduction of Salander is both a thing of beauty as well as mystery. Since these are probably two of the best mysteries of the decade, it will be worth a slight wait to begin this marvelous journey.
B001GCUNWG|5.0|This movie was really great,i just went to see it last night.diego was awesome in it.i really liked Buck,he was really silly.some of the scenes actually made me shead some tears.but other than all that,if i were to give it my own rating i would say 10/10.this is the best Ice Age movie i have ever seen out of all 3 of them.Ice Age 3:Dawn Of The Dinosaurs FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!
8466318313|5.0|Yes, El Club Dumas is a good book, I saw the movie many years ago, and I am already reading it. It is better than the movie, because Arturo P&eacute;rez-Reverte makes you imagine and feel ambients, caracters and situations when you wanna stay or avoid... depending...
1604501480|5.0|Dearest Readers of the century first and twentyith,<br /><br />I prooffer my highest and most esteemed recommendation of this fine book.  Be not intimidated by formal British writing style of nearly 200 years ago, the occasional serpentine sentence, and words not oft' seen since the SAT exams (if at all).  You will be highly rewarded with a most engaging story, skilled character development, and above all, acerbic wit.  I trust you will be as delighted as this reviewer to have the felicity of reading this book.<br /><br />Very truly yours...<br /><br />P.S. Any 21st century western female reading this book will likely be as relieved as I am that we no longer live in a society where property conveys automatically to men, and women are totally dependent on men for their support.  It's easy to understand why one character married for money and security only, and why the protognist's mother was completely obssessed with marrying off her daughters.
B0026OE2O8|1.0|Hi!    Just want to note that if there are no Region information on a title, that is the case of this one it is Region 1. So don´t bother if you live in Europe. The Amazon were kindly to refund my money because of this issue.
076780421X|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies. Matthew Perry is fresh off of his first three seasons of Friends, at the peak of his career. His character Alex is funny, witty, charming, endearing and adorable. He plays very well off of Hayek's fiery and stubborn Isabel, and the two have excellent chemistry. I have watched this movie well over a hundred times since it came out (when I was only seven years old), and I enjoy it every time. The contrast of the cultures: Mexican American and typical Greenwich WASP, is amusing and heartening. The setting, the music, and the eternal optimism of a man in love makes this movie unforgettable. It's a unique story of chance and love. I fully recommend.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I love this dvd. As a kid I saw him perform several times live with his brothers and with the Jackson clan.  I never saw a live perfomance as Michael the man.  His performance here shows his growth as true genius.  Yes there is some lipsyncing; however, those selections are done intermitently to give the man an opportunity to refuel. Nonstop entertainment! I thank Katherine and Joe Jackson and God for creating a beautiful force that the world has reckoned with and will continue to reckon with for years to come.
B00008G8LM|4.0|\\"Big\\" is an excellent example of Tom Hanks' stellar acting. It's whimsical but down-to-earth, cute but real enough not to be labeled a \\"kid's\\" movie, and a must-see for any Tom Hanks fan. They just don't make movies like this anymore; it's a true classic. On a scale from Joe Vs. the Volcano to Forrest Gump, I'd give it a solid Sleepless in Seattle.
0385341008|5.0|This was a very good book.  I have never read a book of letters before and do not feel like I have now due to the fact that each letter told a story with great detail, you felt you were there.  It was funny, sad, and reminded me how hard it was for people during a war.  I would recommend to all.
015206396X|5.0|Graceling is a phenomenal book that will leave readers wanting more.  Cashore is an amazing writer.  She eloquently weaves a captivating story that captivates with strong yet believable characters.  Unlike authors like Stephanie Myers, Cashore's characters have weaknesses that balance their strengths.  Katsa, the main character, is graced with the ability to kill (and a bit more but that is revealed later).  Her ability makes her nearly invulnerable, yet Cashore finds ways to challenge her undefeatable main character and push the limits of her abilities forcing the character to grow and mature during the course of the book.  Po, her male counterpart is graced as well, but the full extent of which she must find out.  He too is nearly unbeatable (except to Katsa).  The play between the two characters is intriguing and fun as they both grow together.     With such a formidable duo, it would be hard to find an enemy that could challenge them, but that is Cashore's genius.  Her villain is truly a match for them.  I don't want to give too much away, but this story has a little bit of everything.  The story, though, is really background to the character.  Cashore weaves a coming of age tale delicately into her adventure novel.  The birth of a romance, and the realization of independence makes this story worth while.  Katsa is a sort of anti Bella in the Twilight series.  Bella was constantly in need of help, while Katsa has a hard time accepting help from anyone else.    I truly enjoyed this story and I am excited for the next edition to Cashore's world.
0345444051|5.0|Arthur C. Clarke's Childhood's End reflects his rare ability to combine hard science with thoughtful religious and philisophical ideas. Here we have the old story idea of aliens coming to Earth, much like the old classic movie [[ASIN:B00005JKFR The Day the Earth Stood Still]]. But unlike more modern treatments where the aliens are hostile, as in the decidedly mediocre [[ASIN:0345418425 Footfall]], in Childhood's End, Clarke ties the alien arrival into human evolution.    This isn't Darwinian stuff, though. It's metaphysical, a fascinating thought experiment about the nature of intelligence and the unseen universe. We the reader, of course, are human, and so it is impossible for us to fully grasp what is happening, even as the story unfolds. In the hands of a lessor author this might well have spelled disaster, but Clarke keeps the story on track. The story of the last man left alive is both powerful and touching.    Clarke hails from a different time in the history of science fiction, when the universe was a place to explore rather than fight over, and science fiction brought forth a sense of wonder rather than a large special effects budget. Childhood's End is a fine representative of what once was in the genre.
B000A2RRF4|4.0|This was a very enjoyable DVD with alot of his greatest hits.  I wish he would have played more songs from Dangerous like Give In To Me, Dangerous or In The Closet since he was promoting that CD at the time.<br /><br />The flashing of all of the crazy fans was alittle too much, they should have focused more on MJ's foot work and dancing than this.<br /><br />Still a must have for any fan to see a master of the stage.
0525950079|5.0|I loved this book.  I couldn't put it down and then was disappointed when I had finished it.  It could have had 700 more pages it was so good.  Hope there is another sequel.
B0000TG9E2|5.0|A friend's daughter wanted it and was having trouble locating this edition.  It was a gift well received.
B0015XHP4K|4.0|Nice sound. Nice and buautiful visual.  And I like Rambo !  I enjoyed very much.
0061122416|5.0|Really enjoyed this book - simple, powerful, enjoyable.  The book was simple, and I will keep it simple - you need to read this book.<br /><br />JVD
B0000DJE9R|5.0|\\"THE  ONES\\" IS AN EXCELLENT WAY TO REMEMBER MICHAEL AT HIS FINEST. HIS ENTIRE LEGACY IS ON THIS CD.  YOU WILL ENJOY IT THOROUGHLY!  L.N.
1416550534|5.0|This is book in the tradition of Rebecca, Jane Eyre and the gothic mystery. It also borrows plotting ideas from Persuasion - that back and forth through time sort of thing that is my all time favorite type of story to read.    That doesn't make it derivative, as another reviewer said, but solidly within a tradition and the first sentence is definitely an homage to Rebecca.     Now, I can tell you that the plot is wholly original. I never saw the twists coming and I've read many, many mysteries. The writing is beautiful, and the characters live and breathe.    I can't recommend this book highly enough.
B001QWQJ74|5.0|Imagine the legendary \\"Flight of the Phoenix,\\" except the crash is on a barren alien planet... and there are nasty flesh-eating monsters. And a serial killer.<br /><br />That describes David Twohy's most artistically adept movie, the raw and dusty \\"Pitch Black. This cult movie starts off as your average gang of embattled, ill-matched castaways struggling to survive, but it that becomes utterly brilliant as it slowly slips from gritty sci-fi to harrowing, claustrophobic horror. And yes, even Vin Diesel gives an awesome performance in this one.<br /><br />After a meteor storm, a sleeper transport crashes on a desolate desert planet. Most of the passengers survive, including a stowaway kid and a dangerous prisoner, Riddick (Vin Diesel). Unfortunately, it turns out that the entire planet is a desert because it's blasted by three suns all throughout the day, and the survivors have little food, water or shelter. Oh yeah, and Riddick has broken out.<br /><br />To find the necessities, a small group led by Carolyn Fry Radha Mitchell) sets out across the desert -- and discovers a swarm of vicious omnivorous creatures in a cave. Fortunately they can't come out into the light. But when the group finds a geological survey station, they learn that a monthlong eclipse is about to fall over the planet -- meaning the creatures will soon eat them all if they don't escape from the desolate planet, and some of them aren't gonna make it.<br /><br />Personally I haven't liked David Twohy's work except the 1996 sci-fi film \\"Arrival,\\" but \\"Pitch Black\\" is the kind of brilliant cult movie that almost makes up for an otherwise okay-to-bad filmography. This is not a polished space opera, but a dingy, grimy, dirty sci-fi movie full of recognizably ugly technology and stained morals -- not to mention some truly grotesque deaths. And not all of them are from the winged beasties either (think chest impalement).<br /><br />And Twohy gives the movie a very bleak, vaguely disturbing look -- endless chalky deserts filled with bones, grimy ships torn to pieces, empty skies, and searing pale light that makes everyone look half dead. Even the beautiful colourful expanses of space seem vaguely ominous. But the whole thing suddenly becomes jump-in-your-seat scary when the monsters attack, and start eating people as they run. The one problem? COME ON, what are the chances that they would JUST HAPPEN to arrive for the once-in-two-decades eclipse?<br /><br />And the feeling of suspense is heightened by sharp-edged, pared-down dialogue (\\"You're dancing on razor blades here\\") and a warped sense of humor -- we're assured that \\"No similarity to actual persons or predators, living or dead, is intended or should be inferred.\\" Nice.<br /><br />The characters are a pretty mixed bag, and there's always the haunting realization that most of them would easily turn on each other to save themselves -- and in fact, the main character even does that in the first few minutes of the film. There's benevolent Muslim pilgrims, a hard-nosed bounty hunter, a prissy dude who hoards booze, and an annoying urchin of ambiguous gender. The standouts are Claudia Black as the tough Shazza, and Keith David as the kindly Abu \\"Imam\\" al-Walid.<br /><br />As for the leads, Diesel gives a pretty good performance as a wisecracking killer with a distinctly creepy edge (ew, he took a hair sample) and \\"shine\\" eyes that let him see in the dark. But I was most impressed by Mitchell's Fry, as a selfish hardened leader who learns to defend other people's lives in a crunch.<br /><br />\\"Pitch Black\\" is a fast, eerie, bloody little sci-fi movie with a nasty little planet full of even nastier creatures that are just waiting for dark. Definitely worth it for sci-fi buffs.my ships torn to pieces, empty skies, and searing pale light that makes everyone look half dead. Even the beautiful colourful expanses of space seem vaguely ominous. But the whole thing suddenly becomes jump-in-your-seat scary when the monsters attack, and start eating people as they run. The one problem? COME ON, what are the chances that they would JUST HAPPEN to arrive for the once-in-two-decades eclipse?    And the feeling of suspense is heightened by sharp-edged, pared-down dialogue (\\"You're dancing on razor blades here\\") and a warped sense of humor -- we're assured that \\"No similarity to actual persons or predators, living or dead, is intended or should be inferred.\\" Nice.    The characters are a pretty mixed bag, and there's always the haunting realization that most of them would easily turn on each other to save themselves -- and in fact, the main character even does that in the first few minutes of the film. There's benevolent Muslim pilgrims, a hard-nosed bounty hunter, a prissy dude who hoards booze, and an annoying urchin of ambiguous gender. The standouts are Claudia Black as the tough Shazza, and Keith David as the kindly Abu \\"Imam\\" al-Walid.    As for the leads, Diesel gives a pretty good performance as a wisecracking killer with a distinctly creepy edge (ew, he took a hair sample) and \\"shine\\" eyes that let him see in the dark. But I was most impressed by Mitchell's Fry, as a selfish hardened leader who learns to defend other people's lives in a crunch.    \\"Pitch Black\\" is a fast, eerie, bloody little sci-fi movie with a nasty little planet full of even nastier creatures that are just waiting for dark. Definitely worth it for sci-fi buffs.
1567184855|2.0|Some initial elements in Dr. Newton's narrative tie in well with Dr. Raymond Moody's Life after life. Slowly the author moves definitively into uncharted areas. The level of detail seems to be well beyond the material he could have gleaned from his clients. I do want to acknowledge that many of the concepts he espouses do correlate with well known disciplines.
157330087X|5.0|If you haven't seen or heard this tribute, you owe it to yourself to listen ! WOW
1591391105|3.0|While I found much here to be helpful I disliked the academic almost text-book like feel of this book.  I felt like it was an evercise in a college management class - soemthing not quite rooted in the real world.  Helpful by not fully intergrated with real managment world.  There is no question that much information here is useful but there are other sourses that are more readable.
B0000DJE9R|4.0|This CD is strictly the songs that went to number one,,, so some of my favorite MJ songs are missing off of here-but this still doesn't disappoint- oldies but goodies like \\"Dont Stop Til You Get Enough\\" and \\"Rock With You\\" are on here. The version of \\"Smooth Criminal\\" is shorter and not as good as others I've heard... but most of his signature songs like \\"Billie Jean\\", \\"Beat It\\" and \\"Thriller\\" are on here in full form. But songs I have never liked, such as \\"Dirty Diana\\" and \\"I Just Cant Stop Loving You\\" are on here too. If you want to hear all of his terrific hits and a good diverse selection of MJ, to include songs that didn't go to number one, get his \\"The Essential Michael Jackson\\" and his \\"Dangerous\\" CD. Both of these represent Michael's best and most meaningful work.
B001GCUER0|3.0|I love this show, but the DVDs of Season 2 are compressed, and it is extremely annoying. Everybody moves in an accelerated herky-jerky motion. Of course the irony here is that the networks and cable channels compress their episodes to squeeze in an extra advertisement. But do people who buy the DVDs need to suffer through this too?
0618871713|5.0|We are living in the best era in history for the graphic novel/comic genre.  Perhaps Hollywood has driven the renewed interest in the comic medium. But beyond the superheroes, there are some even more interesting subjects. The quality of artwork, the emotional depth, and the serious meaning in the genre has never been equaled.      Fun Home by Alison Bechdel is a tour de force, rightfully occupying a prominent position in the pantheon of great graphic novels.  Bechdel elevates the format with this ground-breaking book.    Now let me describe Fun Home to scare you away from reading it - it is a \\"tragicomic\\" story of Alison Bechdel, a lesbian comic artist, and her relationship with her deceased, closeted gay father.  The setting is a funeral home in rural Pennsylvania.  Her father is complex and flawed, part genius, part miscreant.  He divides his time between reading great literature, running a funeral home, being a father, and cruising for underage boys.  Bechdel uses literary allusions, impactful artwork, and real emotion to bring this story to life.    I have absolutely nothing in common with the writer or her father except one key thing that she brings out in the story -humanity.  As flawed as the man she describes is, I feel a sense of loss that I never met him myself.  I feel like I know him and I even feel some of Alison Bechdel's conflicted love/hate feelings for him.  With this masterpiece, Bechdel lets us inside - she bares it all.  She is not self-indulgent, she is honest and pure and heart-warming.    The world is a better place because of artists like Alison Bechdel.  I admire her for her contribution to the genre - she is one of the greats.  If you would never dream of picking up an autobiographical graphic novel by the author of a comic called \\"Dykes to Watch Out For\\" then do it anyway and read this book.  Maybe, just maybe, you will be blown away like I was.
0307155102|5.0|I bought this book back in the early 80's when my sons were born and this last purchase was a book for my 16 month old grandson (I wore out the 1st book!)  I still believe daily reading from this book with my first son helped produce his 3 and 4 word sentence vocabulary by the time he was 1 year old.  I give this book as a either a shower gift or 1 year birthday gift to everyone I know who's having/has a baby.  It's was wonderful teaching tool for a new parent.
B001HN69AE|1.0|I had very, very low expectations for this movie, and it still failed to meet them.  Fans of DragonBall: Stay Away!  This is not the movie you are looking for.  If you aren't a fan of DragonBall, then, well, still stay away.  A barely coherent plot, shallow characters, a chemistry-less love story, and boring fight scenes all bring this movie down to a level that not even the most die-hard fan of anything this movie tries to offer could enjoy.        This film is not entertainment on any level.        Also, ki is not airbending, and  Goku is a Saiyan, not a human.  Just wanted to toss that out there.    Thanks for your time.
068981528X|5.0|This twist on an old standard is fun for both children and adults to read. I find my son and my husband get the biggest kick out of it. We all know that books that are fun for the adults to read get read more often. You know this is true. This book makes both adult and child chuckle. [[ASIN:068981528X The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig]]
B002GY9F9K|5.0|Watching Legend of the Seeker on TV inspired me to buy the first book in Terry Goodkind's Sword of Truth series. I am now reading book two and enjoying it just as much. I can see how the TV series diverged from the novel but it works as a serious tv adventure. The actors fit their roles perfectly and the scenery is sweeping and adds to the show's appeal. At times, it can feel like another swordplay in the woods story, but the focus on the characters keeps you engaged and eager to see what follows. I am so glad the series has been renewed for a second season.
B001PPLIEG|5.0|Watching the Bond series reinvent itself with Daniel Craig as the titular British secret service agent is one of the great cinematic joys of the last decade.  James Bond has given me more guilty pleasures than I can think of since I watched my first Bond movie, \\"The Spy Who Loved Me,\\" at the tender age of eight.  But I had to admit that the series had gotten flabby, bogged down in its own legends and traditions.  Not even the welcome addition of Pierce Brosnan - my then-second-favorite Bond after a young Sean Connery - could break the cycle.    And then Daniel Craig took over as Bond with \\"Casino Royale,\\" and happy days are here again.    For us, that is, rather than Bond.  Craig's Bond suffers and is somewhat joyless. This works - the guy's a freaking assassin.  Craig radiates danger like no Bond before him - he's now my favorite guy at the helm because he's so darn believable.  I'm not sure how much mercury the filmmakers inject in Craig's eyes for these movies, but no Bond before has had as steely a glare as this man.    In \\"Quantum of Solace,\\" Bond glares.  A lot.  The movie opens minutes after \\"Casino Royale\\" closes - Bond is at war with the sinister criminal conspiracy - now known as Quantum - that took down his beloved Vesper at the end of the last movie.  The British secret service knows nothing about these characters, and Bond goes after them in a semi-official capacity.  Quantum is a scary organization, willing to kill at the rumor of disloyalty and with henchmen placed in the highest, most secret halls of power. Bond tracks these guys from Italy to Haiti to Bolivia as he tries to exact revenge while answering the most important question - did Vesper truly love him, or was she just using him?  Along the way Bond is aided by Bolivian secret service agent Camille (Olga Kurylenko), one of the best Bond Girls in years.    I enjoy the Bond stories that have less to do with global domination (\\"Moonraker\\" comes to mind) - those plots are too outlandish, and how often does one guy get to save the world?  Just how many madmen are out there who want to take over the world?  Here, we watch a super-agent begin his war against a criminal conspiracy, and we relish the fight we see as much as the fight to come, as Quantum is alive and kicking at the end of this movie.    My only quibble with this movie is its use of the currently-hip hyper-cutting technique during action scenes.  During the opening car chase, I almost lost my lunch, the cuts were so dizzying.  This is a tremendous action movie, but the filmmakers should have more discipline and allow a shot to play for more than half a second before cutting to the next shot.    Here's looking forward to the next Bond movie with back-to-basics Craig - the best Bond we've ever seen.
B0018YIFEK|3.0|I read this book because of Picoult's popularity among young adults and because it will be required reading for my school's eighth graders this coming year.  As the parent of two teen girls, I was able to empathize with the parents' plight. However, I cannot believe how one-sided the mother was towards Kate and Anna.  The premise of the book's ethical dilemma was a good one, but I don't think it was really explored enough.  At what point do we allow medical conditions to trump moral conditions?  Sure, at first Anna's umbilical cord was easy enough to give up, but how much is too much?  Can we ever really see far enough down that slippery slope to know?     Additionally, I thought the ending was a complete cop-out. I had really looked forward to seeing how the characters/author would handle this huge ethical dilemma, but, alas I didn't get to see how Picoult handled that because she chose the easy way out. Also, I thought Campbell's medical condition was a bit overdone, and I immediately knew why he had the dog.  How would he allow that seemingly benign condition come between him and Julia?  He isn't that incapacitated!    As a former English teacher, I give this book a C at best.  It was an easy read and interesting but somewhat lackluster.
B000H5TH1Q|1.0|Don't make the sam mistake I did by purchasing this edition, you'll be get ripped off.    It says that it is a \\"widescreen edition\\" and the original ratio of the film is actually 1.85, so until here it looks great. Before I had the 4/3 edition (1.33) wich sucks, so I was very happy to buy this \\"widescreen\\" edition... until I actually got it and sarted to watch it:     They just cropped off a 16/9 image from the 4/3 edition wich was already cropped off from the original 1.85!!!!!    I've never seen anything like that!!! So all the framings are weird and you're better off with the full screen edition wich you can transform in the widescreen edition the way thay did it anytime you want by putting the \\"letterbox\\" mode on your remote control. (I finally stopped the film and finished it with my old edition).    It's such a great movie, I can't beleive they were just too lazy to take the original frame to make the widescreen edition; They just thought people would be too stupid to realise they're missing more than half the image!!!
0684865130|2.0|I have to be completely honest that Im half way through this book and I'm looking for an escape hatch as I'm really not enjoying this masterpiece. Reading much of the one/two star comments I agree with the average interpretation but I don't agree with childish sledginging, naming those who enjoyed the book as fakers. I,m going to give the book back to the friend with crab apple cheeks and rubber under wear who gave it to me. Sorry mate but it just wasn't my cup of tea, this goes down with the one percent of books I couldn't find the will power to complete.
B000HC2LI0|4.0|As a huge fan of the West Wing I am thrilled to own each episode.  I have only viewed two of the new discs, am enjoying it immensely.  My only comment is that there is no listing of titles for each episode.  Not sure if there may have been one in the more expensive set, but I am pleased with the quality so far of this one.
B001B223TW|5.0|I've never been particularly enthused about this opera until now.  It justfiably has the reputation of having the silliest and most unreal plot of all operas but when the singing is as good as in this Covent Garden production then that can be overlooked.  The cast is uniformly great, the balance between the orchestra soloists and chorus fine which, combined with first class audio and video, make this a \\"must have\\" for opera lovers.  It is a gloomy opera and the scenes on stage are all appropriately gloomy, maybe a little too much at times, something which could be a challenge for some video systems.  I had a few reservations about Veronica Villarroel's singing in the role of Leonora in the first act but this was soon dispelled with the finale being hair raising stuff. Jose Cure, Dmitri Hvorostovsky, the brilliant Yvonne Naef and the rest of the cast are excellent and play and sing their roles with conviction and emotion. And that is about the best tribute which can ever be given to the supreme artistry of singers when relating such an unbelievable story. I have not looked at the extras yet so have no comment on them but expect they will add to the value of this release.  Highly recommended.
0792844890|5.0|the only way that you will be able to like this movie is if you like spoofs . if you like movies like Airplane , Naked Gun or Blazing Saddles then you will love this movie . this is my favorate spoof ever ! I remember it when it first came out , I bought the tape then and I love it today , own the DVD . this is a classic comedy spoof that will probably never be beat (especially with the lame spoofs that are coming out today) . if you are one of the rare people that have never seen this movie , it is a must to watch .
B002AT4K9G|4.0|I must confess, I purchase these Fast And Furious movies mostly to get a long, good look at Paul Walker... I had my doubts the fourth one in this series could be much good, but surprisingly it had me on the edge of my seat.  Brian O'Conner is an FBI agent trying to catch a major drug smuggler that is importing drugs via muscle and souped up Japanese cars.  Dom is after the same fellow for the murder of his girlfriend, Letty.  Dom's sister has brief parts also.  My complaint:  The women had such incredibly small parts in this, I fail to see why their names even hit the credits.  I would have loved to see more Michelle Rodriguez especially.  Why couldn't they kill off the sister instead?  (Just so everybody knows, I am speaking of something that happens at very beginning of movie.. not spoiling nothing here.)<br /><br />A note to all:  Do watch the bloopers reel afterwards.  It is funnier than all get out watching these guys try to maintain serious faces while driving \\"bumper cars\\" surrounded by green walls.
B001TODCII|4.0|this movie is full of action and is really a good movie . don't let my 4 stars fool you in order for me to give any movie 5 stars it has to be GREAT . the fight scenes were really good but one thing that I had a problem with is how easy it was for him to find everybody , he had less than 4 days to get to France and find his daughter and he was on them as soon as he arived , not once did he have any trouble locating someone who was involved . Liam Neeson really did make the movie , he did a great job and if it wasn't for him it wouldn't had been the same . if you would've put someone like Bruce Willis in that role it would've been another Die Hard movie . It was like a Stephen Segal movie with better acting .
B000683VI4|5.0|I purchased this movie based on the high star reviews. It was surpringly better than what I had anticipated. The storyline is easy to follow and Rachel McAdams is a wonderful actress. Glad I purchased this movie.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|This is a fantastic example of a Clint Eastwood movie. No need for special effects to keep  you interested, just a great story told in a great way.
B001RTP48G|5.0|The Pet Shop Boys have been around since 1984 , and they have produced pop music of the highest order. In my opinion, YES  is the best pop album of the last 20 years, with beautifully crafted songs, and melodies that make you wonder how they did that. Well, they had a little help on this record. Xenomania, a company that has done high quality tracks for the likes of Kylie Minogue, Madonna, and Cher, came up with a lot of the melodies on here. The results are amazing, with songs that will move you, unless you're made of stone. As always Pet Shop Boys sing about a lot of different issues , from Politics to AIDS etc., but this recored is about one thing, love. The title came from an art exibition that John Lennon had in New York years ago. People climbed a ladder to the ceiling and written on the ceiling was the word YES, as part of the exibition. This record is uplifting, and positive, something we all need, and the outstanding track for me is King Of Rome. The sad thing is that US radio stations won't play the Pet Shop Boys, for whatever reason, but that may be a good thing , considering all the drivel that's on there now.I often wonder whop will bring out something different, and new , to inspire us all? YES is the answer to that. By the way I'm in my fifties , and I'm a professional drummer, but the drum sound on this record , with no accoustic drums, is excellent.  Buy this , and get one for your friend as well.
B0026ZNL7Q|5.0|This new album from polish progrockers Riverside must be one of their best albums. The music is well played and the lyrics are splendid. If i would write a list of the albums of the year 2009, this one would be on the list.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Where do i began. Coldplay the biggest band in the world who's name is not U2 blows us all away with the more than amazing 4 album Viva La Vida. Working with brillant mind/musician Brian Eno Coldplay gives us an album with songs you'll play over and over again. The collaboration and effort that went into viva la vida won Coldplay the grammy for \\"best rock album of the year\\" and \\"best song of the year\\" for \\"viva la vida\\". Coldplay went in a new direction with this forth record and it paid off. \\"Life in technicolor\\" is a beautiful slow opening into a powerful album which is ended perfectly buy a similar sounding hidden track at the end of \\"Death and all of his friends\\" called \\"The Escapist.\\" Each single is brilliant and fun, unexpected and different from \\"lost\\" and \\"lovers in japan\\" to \\"violet hill\\" and \\"strawberry swing\\" but the clear favorite \\"Viva la vida\\" is very pleasing to the ear and thought provoking. There is Not a single bad track on the album. This chart topping record is sure to please new and old Coldplay fans of all ages. After listening to it you'll wander how Coldplay could ever top this album, but come the end of 2009 when they release there fifth album, we probably wont believe our ears when they do it again.
B000002J09|5.0|My first experience of Led Zeppelin on cd was through their two cd compilation. I can't say that that made me hold them in the regard that many people seem to. I knew that IV was often considered one of the all time greatest albums too, but when I occasionally browsed it in cd shops, I can't really say that I felt the urge to buy it...I could take it or I could leave it, and it was the latter I did, until recently. That's mainly because I thought I'd explore this band's earliest studio releases. Nothing in those albums up to this one really made see why this band is held in such high esteem. They seem more of a roots rock band than the rock'n'roll legends that they are made out to be. That roots rock formula may be why some people tend to find the band over-rated, which I agree with. Most of their albums are not conventional rock'n'roll, so it takes a special taste in music to appreciate this band.<br /><br />  However, after having continued to stick to buying this band's albums, I have to say that they finally rewarded my perseverance here. Like I said, this album itself works as a Led Zeppelin greatest hits album. To the extent that the amount of songs that Australian FM radio stations play (I mean the ones that play \\"classic\\" rock\\") and the frequency with which they play those songs, then, by that measure, IV is a great album. I don't think that any other Zeppelin album gets more than one song played from them, and their debut album doesn't get any songs played from it, despite the high esteem that it is held in-at least on the stations that I like to listen to. Even though die hard Zeppelin fans will dismiss this criterion of quality, it is in keep with my own thoughts on the band...in other words, they don't really make a lot of \\"classic\\" rock type songs, at least in the sense of making the kind of songs that could get released as singles and sell a million.<br /><br />  Anyway, what made me initially reluctant to buy this album when browsing was that the songs that I did know didn't really move me that much, and I didn't know any of the other songs. It must be said, that despite these misgivings, this is a truly great album. It has the well known radio friendly unit shifter type songs on it, and some of the songs I had never heard of impressed me as quality album material.<br /><br />My pick as the three best songs on this album are:<br /><br />Rock and roll - has a terrific drum intro and outro by Bonham, good riffing and some good, intense playing of one note on the piano, by the sounds of it.<br /><br />The battle of Evermore - a pretty folk song with a weird stringed instrument, by the sounds of it...mandolins perhaps. It has fantasy theme, lyrically, and there may be another vocalist on this, apart from Plant. I'd liken this song to the kind found on Led Zeppelin III, but a step up in quality. III is my second favourite Zep album, after this one...but not too many people are fans of that album, but I like its European folk sensibility.<br /><br />Stairway to Heaven - apparently the most requested song of all time, in radio. So it's probably their most famous song. No doubt for some people, this song is grating, purely for the fact that it gets flogged to death by radio stations. Can't say that I would want to have to listen to this everyday, but it is a really good song. Fortunately, in Australia, this song hasn't been as flogged as much as AC/DC's classic \\"You shook me all night long\\", which has now made me try and avoid that song, apart from the ringing intro with the guitar. Anyway, back to Stairway...has a nice gentle, accoustic guitar build up and a mediaeval sounding flute type instrument. This song is an epic 8 minutes in length and it's magic in the lead up to the electric guitar being introduced. The electric guitar solo at the end is noteworthy. [Edit in 24/06/2014: I have to say that the lyric in this song of \\"If you listen very hard, the tune will come to you at last\\" has always stuck in my mind. It made me wonder if the song was being self-referential...as in, if you listen to Led Zeppelin's song, you will be reminded of a song it sounds like. So, in the last week, I asked about this issue and someone suggested a song, which I did look up on Wikipedia and it sounds like it could be a/the candidate on this issue: \\"Taurus\\", an instrumental by the US band Spirit. The circumstances in which Led Zeppelin could have 'borrowed' the tune from Spirit are remarkably similar to that in which Black Sabbath  'borrowed' a tune from Australian hard rock band Buffalo, for the latter's song \\"Shylock\\" and the former's later song \\"Symptom of the universe\\", i.e. the well known band had toured with the lesser well known band and heard the song which they later 'borrowed' for a subsequent recording. Not sure how either case veers towards plagiarism. All these songs can be compared and contrasted on sites like You Tube.]<br /><br />The next best song:<br /><br />Black dog - along with \\"Stairway to Heaven\\" and \\"Rock and roll\\" this is one of the three songs that will get played on Australian FM radio stations which play 'classic' rock songs. It has a classic introduction, and Plant's signature cocky vocals to match the cocky sounds of Page and Bonham. Page has a lead guitar solo in this song and there is a strange synthetic sound quality to the guitar riff...I'm assuming that the guitar's tone is being altered in some way, and the riff is not being played by a synthesiser. In any case, this kind of weird guitar sound is a signature of the band.<br /><br />Best of the rest:<br /><br />Misty mountain hop - an interesting sounding song, featuring keyboard. Plant's vocals are glassy here and the song has a certain swing to it. The rhythm guitar, I think, makes me bring to mind the song \\"Mama Told Me (Not To Come)\\" by Three Dog Night. Think that that is the song I had in mind.<br /><br />Going to California - a pleasant multi accoustic steel stringed guitar ballad. Plant's longing lyrics havean American twang to them.<br /><br />When the levee breaks - this might be my pick as the best of the rest. It's a 7 minute long blues epic featuring the harmonica. I like the blues rhythm to this song, and the lead guitar work is good, as is the riff.<br /><br />The only song that I don't find particularly interesting is \\"Four sticks\\". It's sort of like \\"Misty mountain hop\\", in some ways. Has accoustic parts and a synthesiser part...the melody is nice.<br /><br />Anyway, for me to give a Led Zeppelin album five stars is saying a lot...for me, in any case. I don't think that Led Zeppelin ever approached the heights of this album, before or afterwards. Next best I like III, and Houses Of The Holy isn't bad, and maybe the kind of album that grows on you. Must say, I have been more impressed with Black Sabbath as a band, despite also being reluctant to buy their albums for similar reasons to that of Led Zeppelin.
B0000DJE9R|5.0|trying to decide what michael jackson cds to purchase was really hard, and Number Ones was one of my first picks. it did not disappoint! these songs brought back fond memories of the King of Pop, and i recommend it highly!
031606792X|5.0|As you can guess, I'm not particularly interested in editing, interpreting or judging the book.  I could be wrong but I believe the target audience is 12-17.  I'm 53 and I know several folks my age who have enjoyed the series.  I refuse to tear the book apart, line by line.  C'mon, wanting more of this, less of this?  It's perfect for the target age goup.  For us, it's light reading but very enjoyable.  Let it stand as it is.  A happy ending for everyone.
B002962RKE|5.0|The pilot for Fox's series \\"Glee\\" (premiers fall 2009) is so enjoyable and well done that I've watched it three times and am recommending it to all of my friends.  The performing cast - that is to say, those portraying the high school kids - is outstanding.  Dianna Argon as the hyper-over-achiever \\"Quinn\\" puts Reese Witherspoon's Tracy Flick in Election to shame.  Cory Monteith is a strapping football jock with a secret: a tenor voice as clear and bright as a summer day.  Many of the other kids' characters are also realized brilliantly: the sassy black diva, the oh-so-arch and clearly gay sidekick, the dorky wheelchair-bound \\"cripple\\" (as described by the money-grubbing school principal)...  I can't wait to see what these actors and the show's writers do with these fantastic characters.    Oh, and two more call-outs on the teaching staff: Sandy, the former glee club instructor caught in an indiscretion with one of his wards, is hysterical.  And finally, the always wonderful Jane Lynch embodies all that is evil (and riotously funny) as head coach of the school's cheerleading squad, the \\"Cheerios\\".  Her bull horned castigations of the squad are laugh-out-loud funny.    My TiVo is programmed to overwrite whatever it must in order to record season 1 this fall.
B000007MVD|5.0|This is a must for Beatles fans. 2 cd's full of fun entertainment. Takes you way back, and is a delight to listen to. I was happy to add this to my Beatles collection. Being a fan from the beginning, I enjoy both the old and the new. If you like the Beatles, it's a must buy.
0783225857|5.0|This should be required watching for every man, woman and child in the US.  It's simply a perfect film on every level...an American masterpiece.  Deep, funny, literary, charming, haunting, frightening, mysterious, compassionate, graceful, hopeful. It carries the all the weight of adulthood and all the magic of childhood, and encompasses our darkest demons and our brightest angels.  Although this is Peck's performance of a lifetime - he is the father, husband, friend and attorney everyone would wish for -  all the character portrayals are spot on, especially the children.  If this isn't enough, the wonderful music and cinematography make it an over-the-top experience. I see something new each time I watch it.
B001PJRAUS|4.0|\\"lost in austen\\" is charming and lots of fun. at three hours long (it was originally four episodes on british tv) i never really felt the length. the plot was a clever blend of plot surprises (the \\"wrong\\" people falling in love) and character surprises. lady catherine is almost likable in this version and wickham, miss bingley and even lizzie have unexpected character changes.       you may not like all the changes and so many surprises, but this is a time travel fantasy so i parked all notions of verisimilitude outside and let my suspension of disbelief run wild. there was just so much fun to be had. and you can always go back and watch an authentic version or even reread the book. my 19 year-old daughter who has only seen the keira knightly film version (once), got completely hooked just walking by and sat down to watch the fun. she got an amazing number of the inside jokes, too, so you probably only need to know the basic plot to enjoy it. i really liked mr. bennet, who seemed to grow as the film wore on. i never really warmed to this darcy that much, but he wasn't allowed the dramatic interventions that showed us another side of him. instead, we see an even harder side of him. lizzie, in a severely shortened role, is remarkable and her character really \\"worked\\" for me. and i really enjoyed the creation of the other collinses, from lizzie's random remark in the novel where she wonders in mr. collins has a cousin. and this really is the \\"worst\\" (or best worst) collins ever.    i also liked the modern girl, amanda, who longs for civility an charm so lacking in her life and times. it's also cool that she's a working class girl and not privileged in any way except in her heart.     i enjoyed it enough to buy it after i'd watched it on a rental. that's becoming rarer and rarer, i think, so that's a considerable compliment in itself. i've now watched it five or six times since my purchase and i still find it charming. the writer seems to have had quite a lot of fun andyou can tell that in almost every scene.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|Imagine yourself down on your knees, licking the floor of a men's bathroom at a gas station two miles off the interstate at 3 a.m. on a Sunday morning. That would be a gourmet meal compared to what I had to stomach to sit through the first two episodes of \\"True Blood.\\"  Even to last that long took a fair amount of willpower, but I forced myself to keep watching because part of me couldn't believe a really popular t.v. show could be that vile.     Maybe I'm just old-fashioned, or lack an edgy sense of humor. But personally I think it means that there's a limit as to how much gratuitous brutality I'm able to tolerate in the name of being entertained.  And that includes the ugly, cheap sex that permeates this series, and which appears to be the underlying reason for all the vampire brouhaha surrounding the sex scenes.     The basic premise of the show is clever: a world where an oppressed vampire minority has \\"come out of the closet,\\" because the invention of artificial blood has eliminated the need for them to hunt humans.  Still, vampires have to deal with their fundamental difference from humans, as well as eons of societal prejudice against them.  Then there's a young human woman whose ability to read minds and other traits make her sympathetic to the vampire cause.  Add a large dose of the sexual attraction that is always part of vampire lore.  This could make for interesting drama in the hands of an imaginative writer.  It's not vampires I find objectionable.  It's \\"True Blood\\" I find objectionable.    Some reviewers have noted that the series is based on books that are better than the show, which is usually the case when books are adapted for the screen. Be that as it may, I saw only offensive stereotypes of Southerners; relentless gore; sex that was more pornographic than erotic; viciousness; and an ongoing series of visual images that left me feeling like I wished I'd been wearing a Haz Mat suit.    Consider this review a public service for any other old-fashioned, out-of-touch people who, like me, hadn't paid attention to the show and were curious about it.  It's a warning that some things are bad for your mind and your spirit and best left untouched, even with a 10-foot pole.
B000AL5OZK|4.0|Not to say Agnetha doesn't have her own style, but coming so soon after the breakup, the album has its ABBA influence in the complex arrangements. Missing is the gloom that pervaded ABBA from \\"The Visitors\\" onward. The level of variety, as shown below, proves that Agnetha isn't just a ballad singer.     MR PERSUASION This happy little number has an infectious, roller coaster beat right out of the Supremes, even the sax. Unfortunately, Agnetha processes her way through the short two and a half minutes, giving too much away to the strong backing singers. With a little more bounce and flirtation, a remake of this would be a quite danceable concert song.    CAN'T SHAKE LOOSE One of those rare rockers from Agnetha, Frida would be perfectly at home here, though her alto contralto might be a little strident up in this range. It has the strong instrumentals ABBA used to be criticized for. Still, Agnetha holds her own in the soaring chorus.     STAY In her ABBA days, Agnetha would have been all about pain and regret in this ballad. Freed of all that, this song is all about dreamy yearning.     THE HEAT IS ON If Mr Persuasion lacked flirtation, this caribbean-inspired tune has it aplenty. On the line \\"temperature is rising to fever pitch\\", Agnetha does a seemingly octave-jumping leap to the word \\"pitch\\". Talk about a playful come on.    Having such a confident launch out of tha ABBA legacy, this may be Agnetha's best effort.
0743454537|5.0|This story was written very well, & didn't take long to read because it was hard to put down.  The ending took me by surprise.  I highly recommend this book.
B001KL3GY0|3.0|A little different from their other albums in terms of sounding more electronic & somewhat disko.
B000P0J0DI|5.0|I personally haven't watched this DVD; however, others in my family have and said it was great.
B000M06K5C|4.0|This was a solid album for BLOC PARTY.  Most songs have attractive melodies that stay in your head.
B000M4RG4C|4.0|I have not taken the time to view this DVD; yet, others have watched it and said it was good. I am sure that when I take the time to watch it I will appreciate it. {I purchased it to go along with my Clint Eastwood collection.)
B0021L8UPI|5.0|I cannot recommend this movie enough. While it may seem like a typical cheesy horror film, it was incredibly well-made. The acting and the cinematography are top-notch. Even the story brings many human aspects to the standard horror thriller; these are characters you care about and a story you'll be invested in. I didn't know what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised. See this movie!
B000AJIF4E|5.0|Excellent sound, great build, comfy fit, lightweight - crisp highs, deep bass, smooth midrange - overall a fantastic set of cans
B001PJRAUS|5.0|I rented this movie on Netflix and watched it, unsure of what I would experience. I LOVED IT!!!! I have never read nor seen the movies of Pride and Prejudice so the first time watching it had its confusing moments but all it did was make me go out and get the book to catch the entire back story. This movie is so amazing that I've watched it again and again. In order to return my rented version, I am buying this movie through Amazon! Any time I'd seen Pride and Prejudice mentioned, I'd shown no interest but now after watching this movie, I am reading the book and I have 2 of the movie reproductions coming via Netflix as well! I'm an addict now. :) This is a must see!
B00005QGAZ|3.0|The music portion is fantastic, of course, but the interviews are disruptive. A music junkie might want to listen to them on occasion, but not with every playing! You will have to listen to it on ipod where you can deselect the interviews or burn a copy for listening to omit the interviews. The description did not make it clear that the music was continually interrupted by interviews.
B001V7UXG2|5.0|Why is Hugh Laurie wasting his time doing American television?  Oh yeah-- the money.  It's too bad the BBC can't pay him what Hollywood can.  Instead of his brilliant performances on House, we'd get his ABSOLUTELY AMAZING performances in shows like this one.  Luckily, Stephen Fry still hasn't been lured across the pond.  To see some of the best work either of these fellows ever did, and to witness one of history's greatest comedy duos performing some of history's greatest comedy, check out this series.
B001NLL0RW|5.0|I am new to James Rollins, but not new to action thrillers.  My favorite authors are Brad Thor, Vince Flynn, Jack Dubrul, Clive Cussler etc.  The Doomsday Key is expertly written, a page turner right from the start and builds and builds with action and intrigue.  I recently saw the Movie \\"Angles and Demons\\" having read the book many years ago.  I thought this was a great story with all the right ingredients.  If they made a movie from the \\"Doomsday Key\\" it would blow \\"Angels and Demons\\" away.  This book is a great summer read.  Careful when you start reading if you have<br />other things to do, because you might not be able to put it down.  It leaves you with many unfinished projects, when you thought you might just read for 1/2 hour.
0596101996|5.0|I have had a very wrong notion and understanding of JavaScript until I read this book. This book is a must for serious JavaScript programmers.
B001FB55H6|1.0|I did not read this comic and probably never will after watching this movie.  Simply put, I do not get it from beginning to end.  This is most drawn out movie that will simply confuse you with minimal entertainment.
B0026BD2GK|4.0|Its been said that the Woodstock performance broke Santana to the public at large.  The performance is stunning, and given the circumstances, this recording is excellent.  Only misses 5 stars because of what the band went on to do (and this is probably unfair).
0439023483|5.0|So took me long enough to read this yeah? So this was weird it was exactly what I thought it would be but not at all both at the same time. I'm really not sure how to explain that though, so it's pretty much a useless statement.<br /><br />I really enjoyed Katniss's story, she was a really strong and protective character. I would definitely say she was the way she was because of the circumstances of her life, her father dying when she was still a child and having to basically take care of herself, her little sister, and her mother in his absence. Basically her life of hunting and having to be the strong one in her family prepares her for being part of the Hunger Games. I liked that she wasn't a girly girl at all!<br /><br />While I wouldn't say this is in a class of it's own plot-wise, (I've heard of other stories and short stories that share some common elements) it's definitely interesting and highly addictive. I wasn't certain how all these killings in the arena would be illustrated for a young adult audience but it's done in a way that's least offensive and least violent to most any reader, which I would have to say is pretty hard to do.<br /><br />The games start with 24 teens and there can only be one winner. I was definitely hoping to get to know something about all of the competitors but sadly that wasn't the case. This is definitely wishful thinking but a chart of some sort with the competitors names, districts, score etc would have been so so so cool to see in perhaps the back of the book. But no, for the most part we only get to learn about a handful of the competitors and not very much about several of them. It's definitely Katniss's story.<br /><br />Sometimes action and waiting for action bores me a little but this book did no such thing. It held my interest the whole time and I just couldn't wait to find out what happened. Truthfully the ending of the games was what I expected, but really what else could you expect right? But maybe that's just me. Overall a fantastic book and I'm excited to see where the sequel, Catching Fire picks up!cited to see where the sequel, Catching Fire picks up!
B001TODOCM|5.0|Took it with me on a cruise and it started out really slow to feed you all the facts.  Then it got better and better enough so that I didn't even go on deck at night.  First to supper, then to bed to read and hope all the puzzles got solved.!  A really great book that made me want to read more about Alexander Dumas, himself.
0061537969|5.0|I just finished this book. Recommended to me by a friend who said, \\"I really can't adequately describe this book... it's from a dog's perspective and involves race car driving.\\" Yeah... well, I trust this friend and promptly downloaded it to my Kindle, where it sat while I slogged through a dozen other books... none of which came close to the honesty and warmth of The Art of Racing in the Rain. I'm a cat person, though I like the occasional dog!! Seriously, though, this book so captures what I've always thought a dog MUST be thinking! This is a book that contains countless metaphors for living one's life. It's gripping, it's moving.... I loved it.
B001NSAJ3G|2.0|one tune is worthwhile on this recording & even that is ruined by one of the worst poems(?) ever committed to vinyl. this was the best the moody's ever got, too. what a pathetically awful band ...
B000094J66|4.0|Four Feathers brings to the screen the story of a young British officer who resigns his commission prior to being sent Africa due to cowardice. The setting is Victorian England, and a group of young promising British officers is about to be sent to the Sudan to help quell an uprising by the unruly natives. One officer, however, who fears that he will not live to marry his fiancée walks out on his job, his friends, and his family for a future with his beloved. When he receives four feathers as a sign of cowardice, he is forced to reconsider his plans, particularly, in light of the fourth feather being from his soon-to-be wife...  Heath Ledger and the rest of the cast carry out their performances well, nevertheless, it is Djimon Hounsou that steals the show. On the down side, Kate Hudson and the character she played were not that good or interesting for that matter.  Overall, the setting (!), the dialogues, the costumes (!), and the music are all very good.  In short, Four Feathers is a film worth watching as it will surely provide for an evening's entertainment.
0385341008|3.0|It is 1946, the year after the German Occupation of the Channel Islands off the coast of England has ended.  Here lies a story of rebirth and change and coping through friendship and books.  There is a quote on the dust jacket of this book that instantly connected me to this book; \\"I wonder how the book got to Guernsey? Perhaps there is some sort of secret homing instinct in books that brings them to their perfect readers.\\" How profoundly true this sentiment is, especially to someone who loves books as much as I do.<br /><br />My only wish is that I felt as amazed by this book as the women who recommended it to me.  Don't get me wrong, I think it was beautiful and poignant, but as sometimes happens I was left expecting too much.  I try not to read books like this at the height of their popularity because it doesn't matter, someone's feelings will always be in the back of my mind and it will influence my interpretation of the book.  The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society will remain one of these instances.<br /><br />Barrows and Schaffer wrote a beautiful story and although for me the characters never reached their full potential there were moments of perfection.  Moments matter especially when a book tugs at your heart strings as this one does, however I wanted all the moments to matter and I am feeling that some moments just didn't belong.  I will say knowing Guernsey is a real place and they did have to rebuild after the Occupation; that I want to see how far they've come which shows how alive the setting became and how important it was the story.
0062515675|1.0|Trips to India and enlightenment and all that jazz are fine and dandy, but I could use a new car. Is the Ferrari still for sale? Or any of his other stuff?
1934648035|5.0|\\"Very well, and what can you give?\\" What have you learned that you can give?\\"<br />\\"I can think, I can wait, I can fast.\\"<br />--Hesse, from Siddhartha<br />__________________________<br /><br />There are a precious few in our society who are blessed to give what they love most, and be paid for it. They are also the most productive members of society, since they are putting native ability and a natural passion into their work. These lives probably represent what the founding fathers intended by \\"the pursuit of happiness.\\"<br /><br />The rest of us become insurance claims examiners or middle managers in a gray, shadowless land of fluorescent sun, making someone else's money along with a \\"living\\" for ourselves. Over the years, we learn to hide the gnawing, widening hole within us, until its ulcerous edges finally burst amid a time of awakening that often appears as a cataclysm of loss and displacement -- a moment, in fact, like the one we're in right now.<br /><br />At the centerpoint of Hermann Hesse's classic allegorical novel Siddhartha, that first step is made by a man overtaken by what we would today call a \\"midlife crisis.\\" He has discovered the joys of friendship, learning, meditation, retreat, sex, and money; but not their personal meaning. It has all been, so far, a game of acquisition rather than lived experience for him. Then, after a night of hard drinking and troubled sleep, the dying songbird of his unconscious calls him into the darkness; the path back to the river of presence opens before him, and the first light of his natural destiny -- the indissoluble union of the person and the professional -- dawns.<br /><br />The way back to the river of your self may involve a falling, which calls you to a directed effort. The direction is provided by awareness.<br /><br />For Siddhartha, the fall arrives in the dream of the dead songbird; this draws him into the work of self-examination that is described in one of the most beautiful and moving passages of world literature.<br /><br />All across America today, songbirds are dying. The great dream, once uniquely identified with our nation, is now a ruffled dark corpse, cast to the roadside. Jobs and homes are being lost in the millions, so many that it is nearly impossible to perceive the story, the teaching allegory in such a chaotic mass of the statistics of suffering. But if we miss that story, if we let slip the chance to learn from this great gravitational collapse -- if we insist on checking out Aniston's nude GQ cover or wondering at Blagojevich's shocking corruption instead -- then we miss the moment of transformational opportunity, the quantum transition from potential to kinetic energy.<br /><br />Siddhartha did not miss his chance. He drained the chalice of his crisis, followed his suffering where it led him. But note that he was always unable to join the Buddha (identified in the story as Gotama), the one who taught that \\"life is suffering.\\" Perhaps Siddhartha recognized another truth about suffering -- that it is, like everything else in life, a source of learning; but not the sine qua non of being.<br /><br />Hesse's classic is a book for our moment, now. Perhaps it should be recalled that it was written between two world wars, in a Europe that was a sea of economic and human desolation. I have read this treasure through some dozen times in my life, and it is richer with meaning and more moving each time.irds are dying. The great dream, once uniquely identified with our nation, is now a ruffled dark corpse, cast to the roadside. Jobs and homes are being lost in the millions, so many that it is nearly impossible to perceive the story, the teaching allegory in such a chaotic mass of the statistics of suffering. But if we miss that story, if we let slip the chance to learn from this great gravitational collapse -- if we insist on checking out Aniston's nude GQ cover or wondering at Blagojevich's shocking corruption instead -- then we miss the moment of transformational opportunity, the quantum transition from potential to kinetic energy.    Siddhartha did not miss his chance. He drained the chalice of his crisis, followed his suffering where it led him. But note that he was always unable to join the Buddha (identified in the story as Gotama), the one who taught that \\"life is suffering.\\" Perhaps Siddhartha recognized another truth about suffering -- that it is, like everything else in life, a source of learning; but not the sine qua non of being.    Hesse's classic is a book for our moment, now. Perhaps it should be recalled that it was written between two world wars, in a Europe that was a sea of economic and human desolation. I have read this treasure through some dozen times in my life, and it is richer with meaning and more moving each time.
B0026OE2NY|5.0|This film was released worldwide on June 5th, 2009 - World Environment Day - simultaneously in cinemas, on television, on DVD and on the Internet. The creators of the film stated in the pre-release interview that they do not seek any compensation for the film, it was financed by private donations, their goal is to spread awareness about what is happening to our planet, our only HOME.  At the time of release in Europe, one could see this film FREE of charge in a movie theater, watch it FREE of charge in the comfort of their home and/or pick up a FREE copy of this DVD.  Apparently major television networks in the U.S. did not feel this film was worth showing (big surprise there, no money for them plus it may actually make someone think for a change) but those of us who wish to watch it are now being charged for it. Why?   Someone is making money and it is not the group of people who created this film.  This said, here's what I have to say about the film itself: THIS IS A MUST SEE. It's time to wake up and realize that we ARE one, we are connected, and we have only one HOME - out planet Earth. And everything we do affects us as well as the planet. Our ecosystem have no borders and it is everyone job to be a responsible planet citizen, not a greedy mindless consumer.
0375413405|5.0|The combination of Child and Rombauer cannot be beaten.  These two extra- \\"ordinary\\" women laid claim to and then made accessible to us (who were raised, however gratefully, on dinners of tomato-macaroni hotdish, tuna casserole, and meatloaf with baked potatoes and frozen green peas) an entirely new culinary landscape.    The recipes are meticulously set out; and although they are often laborious, are definitely worth trying at least once.  Those of you who meet with success, i.e. you read the recipes through from start to finish before beginning and then carefully follow the directions, are rewarded with numerous delicious variations on many of the techiques.    Regardless of your opinion of blogster Julia Moskin, her work re-opened the door to this masterpiece, \\"Mastering the Art of French Cooking.\\"  Brava.
B0017I1FP8|5.0|It's a great soundtrack.  I know this is not much to go on, but sometimes the shortist and to the point review tells it like it is.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I almost instantly purchased this CD after hearing \\"The Noose\\" play on Pandora.com. That song alone was worth the money but the other tracks are also very good. I think they did an excellent job of matching songs together and the progression between tracks from the first to the last is well done.
0143038419|1.0|The real subtitle should be:  One woman is paid extraordinary advance for extraordinary travel drivel!  She ate too much, loved herself more than was warranted, and I pray her sister never speaks to her again.
0385737424|5.0|Not only is this book immensely entertaining and downright fun, it is so smart and so cleverly wrought that when you get to the end you want to immediately start back at the beginning again, armed as you are with the new information. The ending is surprising and satisfying, and there are also wonderful little surprises from the story and the characters throughout the book. What a superb homage to A WRINKLE IN TIME, and a fabulous work in its own right. Like WRINKLE, this will become a classic. The characters are quirky and real, the NYC 70s setting is drawn believably and enriches the story, and the puzzle at the book's center is worked out by the main character in a wholly satisfying way. In case it's not obvious, I highly, highly recommend this book!
0316286850|5.0|This book was very helpful to me as a photographer who works primarily with female models. I've recreated the techniques described in this book on my models with spectacular results. As someone who can not always work with a make-up artist, I've found this book to be extremely helpful in my work with female models.   The step-by-step instructions are easy to follow. This book is a great make-up guide for beginners, providing looks that are easy to copy as well as inspiration for any artist's own make-up creations.
B000002GY9|5.0|If you like old-time blues, you will like this album. I was introduced to this by a friend and had to have it.
B0020H47EQ|5.0|People keep asking if I'm okay with Paramount's rendering of my novel \\"Indecent Proposal\\" (ComteQ Publishing, Paperback). After all, a number of changes took place from my page to Hollywood's screen -- and, it is customary for the novelist to be fashionably upset at Hollywood. But I'm happy with the result.<br /><br />Liberties were taken. This is true. But the main elements of my novel were kept intact -- temptation, sin, regret, redemption, forgiveness. In other words, Hollywood skimmed the surface, but with glamour.<br /><br />After all, the billionaire (in the novel) is an Arab sultan, and the couple he tempts and traps, well, the guy is Jewish and his wife is high-class Gentile, somewhat like Grace Kelly. You'd expect Omar Sharif for starters, not Robert Redford.<br /><br />In her review of the MOVIE for The New York Times, Janet Maslin paid tribute to the theme of the book and the movie as being \\"powerfully seductive.\\" I'm okay with this and I'm okay with the Times' Sunday review of the BOOK (originally published in 1989), which, in part, runs as follows:<br /><br />Of a \\"Jewish writer and gambler, who makes a bargain with the Devil (a handsome oil-rich billionaire.) The struggle between these two embraces a number of primal issues, the sanctity of marriage versus the love of money, the Jew versus significant non-Jews such as shiksas and sheiks, skill versus luck, materialism versus spirituality, Israel versus the Arab countries, the past versus the future, and the religious world versus the secular one.\\"<br /><br />Times' BOOK revieweer Barbara Raskin goes on to say, \\"In precise, almost clinical language, Mr. Engelhard tracks the changes Joshua [Kane] and Joan go through after receiving their ungodly offer. Suspicion, jealousy, anger, second guessing, pain and fear begin  to torment them as they struggle with his and hers temptations -- It's her body and his soul on the line.\\"<br /><br />I believe that the movie captures all that, though yes, for the conflicts in politics and culture and for the depths of emotions there is always and still the book. That does not change. A novelist's task is to find the human heart. Hollywood is about box office.<br /><br />Surely I would have cast it differently and surely I would have been happier if Hollywood had stuck to my novel as is. But Hollywood is seldom completely true to the novel (\\"Gone With The Wind\\" a notable exception) and I understand why. One art form is about pictures, the other is about words.<br /><br />Beethoven would not dare tell Picasso how to paint his Third  Symphony. Each artist, in his own medium, must be allowed to find his own vision. This is obvious but it must be said, a movie is a movie and a book is a book and both have their challenges and their merits.<br /><br />Yes, when I dealt with these \\"primal issues\\" I was surprised that the title roles would be taken by Redford, Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson. If I had qualms, these were dispelled at the grand opening when it struck me that all this stardom and a $40 to $50 million budget all happened from words I wrote on the kitchen table.<br /><br />(I have this notion that we all face temptations every day, some big, some small. This one, on love and money, is big.)<br /><br />I am always ready for people to knock the movie. People do this for a reason, which I will explain at a later time, perhaps in a blog. I have a theory about this. I was lucky with the reviews of the book. The Times' wrote: \\"Is this book fun to read? You betcha.\\" The same goes for the movie, now especially in this Blu-Ray format.<br /><br />Thank you for listening -- Jack Engelhard, the author[[ASIN:0967407419 Indecent Proposal]]of emotions there is always and still the book. That does not change. A novelist's task is to find the human heart. Hollywood is about box office.    Surely I would have cast it differently and surely I would have been happier if Hollywood had stuck to my novel as is. But Hollywood is seldom completely true to the novel (\\"Gone With The Wind\\" a notable exception) and I understand why. One art form is about pictures, the other is about words.    Beethoven would not dare tell Picasso how to paint his Third  Symphony. Each artist, in his own medium, must be allowed to find his own vision. This is obvious but it must be said, a movie is a movie and a book is a book and both have their challenges and their merits.    Yes, when I dealt with these \\"primal issues\\" I was surprised that the title roles would be taken by Redford, Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson. If I had qualms, these were dispelled at the grand opening when it struck me that all this stardom and a $40 to $50 million budget all happened from words I wrote on the kitchen table.    (I have this notion that we all face temptations every day, some big, some small. This one, on love and money, is big.)    I am always ready for people to knock the movie. People do this for a reason, which I will explain at a later time, perhaps in a blog. I have a theory about this. I was lucky with the reviews of the book. The Times' wrote: \\"Is this book fun to read? You betcha.\\" The same goes for the movie, now especially in this Blu-Ray format.    Thank you for listening -- Jack Engelhard, the author[[ASIN:0967407419 Indecent Proposal]]
B0007TKNII|5.0|I loved the movie. Excellant quality and new as stated. Great price!!!  Prompt delivery, no hangups. Easy to order, prompt service. I LIKE AMAZON. They have a great selection to choose from.   I will purchase my next movie this way.  You can't go wrong at AMAZON.   I like opera, so it is kind of a selective movie. But, I truly enjoyed this flick.  I would recommend it to all who like opera or musicals. No swearing or nudity so I think any family members fifteen and older would enjoy it also. It might be a little to spooky for smaller children.
0385341008|5.0|I heard great things about this book and it did not disappoint.  It took me a few pages to get used to the style but I ended up loving it.  The way the book is told in letters allows the reader to imagine the intervening scenes.  The characters are delightful.  What a fun and informative book - a quick read.
