0061251305|5.0|The most insightful management book I've read since business school.    The book starts with an accessible framework for evaluating corporate cultures, each with instantly recognizable traits -- from the DMV to Apple to your company. Stage 1: Life sucks. Stage 2: My life sucks. Stage 3: I'm great (and you're not). Stage 4: We're great (and they're not). Stage 5: Life is great.     While the vast majority of the working world is stuck in stages 2 and 3, Tribal Leadership delivers tools to help individuals and organizations break through to the next evolutionary stage. I found this a powerful, pragmatic and surprisingly fun read.
B000MQ58VI|5.0|yeahhh one of the best movies i got on bluray, soooo  prettyyyy.    and the movie itself is so hilarious, i love this movie, buy this movie without worries.
B00102FELM|5.0|A brilliant concert, beautifully filmed at the Wacken Music Festival in 2006, showcasing one of the world's truly best and enduring rock bands - SCORPIONS - \\"A Night to Remember / A Journey Through Time\\", with special guests: former guitarists - Uli Jon Roth & Michael Schenker, with an appearance by Tyson Schenker and former skin's man - Herman Rarebell.<br />The Scorpions 26 song set sizzles - Rudy and Matthias never have sounded better, their guitar playing absolutely brilliant!!! (Check out Rudy's yoga headstand during the \\"Bolero\\" encore - the man is truly ageless and his energy, inspiring to all. The rhythm section of Pawel Maciwoda (bass) & James Kottak (drums), a high powered engine moving the songs to new heights.<br />Klaus Meine, for this listener is one of the rock world's greatest singer/frontmen (warts and all here), a powerful presence anytime he sets foot on stage.<br />These guys continue to amaze and thankfully appear to NOT, be slowing down, their last three records: \\"Unbreakable\\", \\"Scorpions - Acoustica\\" (Live from Portugal) & \\"Humanity - Hour I \\", are right up there, with the best they've ever released!!!<br />As of January 2008, this DVD continues to be held up, release-wise, by lack of a proper U.S. distribution deal.<br />Reasons : UNKNOWN??? - bad management, or a lame record industry perhaps?! It has been released in Europe & Asia (most of the world for that matter)and is available at Amazon UK, France and Germany, but that only helps those here in the States, with Euro-Zone (Zone 2) DVD players.<br />RECENTLY HOWEVER, it's been released in Canada and available at Amazon Canada and that edition will play in U.S. DVD players. It costs abit more, the dollar not being what is once was (We all know who to blame for that) but is a must have for all Scorps fans! I am loving my copy, with delivery time to the States being pretty fast. Enjoy this one folks, it's a keeper!<br />Rock On!
B0000TB03W|5.0|I saw this dvd, Shania Twain-Chicago Tour, at my daughter's house, thinking it might be too juvenile for me, you know Mum's tastes have mellowed a little yeah?, I only half watched it at first. Then I realised I was totally enjoying it, tapping and singing along. I absolutely loved it, and couldn't wait to buy one of my own.  I am definitely a fan!!!!!
B00006AVRK|5.0|This is truly one of the best series I've ever had the pleasure of watching.  I covet it as my most favorite - the Jeeves and Wooster characters are absolutely impeccable and bloody hilarious!  This is an absolute MUST SEE for Hugh Laurie fans (though you do have to somewhat enjoy the dry Brit sense of humor).  Stephen Fry is... well... flawless.<br /><br />It makes you pine to have your own personal Jeeves! :-)
B000B5H6WY|5.0|The Bell Jar is a truly amazing book; I am sad I just now discovered it in 2008! I read it in an entire day & read it again. An interesting view on mental disorders in the 1950s, following the life and her perspectives starting from a summer working for a magazine through the mental institution.  The way Plath writes is unique, and I re-read several passages so intrigued by the cleverness on how it's written. I plan to purchase more of Plath's books now.
B000R6PKP2|5.0|Blade Runner  es un verdadero poema visual y una metáfora bellísima en la que  se plantea la sublevación de las máquinas, estas toman conciencia, generasn sentimientos y pasan a ser seres con anhelos y deseos, es entonces cuando comienza  la historia de una búsqueda cuyo premio debe ser el poder seguir viviendo y, para ello tienen que encontrar a su padre, a su creador y así poder ser como el o si no como en un moderno edipo: matarlo...  Son  unas máquinas con sentimientos, con ansias de amar, de vivir; y como lo hicieron algunos ángeles y arcángeles en las narraciones bíblicas buscan algo que se les ha vedado y se enfrentan a Dios porque se sienten con fuerzas para ello, lo que les convierte en demonios. Es una gran alegoría en la que podemos ver a los replicantes como unos seres que desarrollan inquietudes y emociones humanas intentan romper las normas y reglas establecidas y como Luzbel se enfrentan a su dioses que en este caso está representado por el  Dr. Tyrell, su creador \\"No es cosa fácil conocer a tu creador.\\"  Es también, como no, una historia de amor, amor mestizo y prohibido, entre un supuesto humano y una replicante, aunque quedan dudas más que razonables sobre si Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) es o no un replicante.  Preguntas, si...  preguntas; preguntas que plantean en el título de la novela: ¿Sueñan los androides con ovejas eléctricas?  y que tienen su continuidad durante todo el film, cuestiones de profundo calado que invitan a la reflexión y que todo ser inteligente se plantea ¿Quienes somos? ¿De donde venimos? ¿Cuanto tiempo me queda?. Toda la película está plagada de frases y diálogos que se disparan a la mente del espectador como el tiro de un Colt 44, algunas de ellas memorables, que han pasado a formar parte de la historia del cine y del acerbo popular
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|A sweet movie about a guy and gal both great musicians who meet up and start playing together. I love the scene where they go into the piano store when they initially start playing together. Loved the music too.
B000AP04FG|3.0|As for the movie's story and theme, it was good. I am writing this more to talk about the quality of the DVD. It slowed down and stopped in around half a dozen places, but restarted and continued on it's own. Overall, considering the price we paid, it was a not a bad deal.
B0002XNSY0|5.0|They pulled out all the stops when then creased this special edition.  The video is crisp and the extras really give some interesting background on this movie.  If you like the movie, it is a 'must have' in your collection.
0778321606|4.0|I purchased this book because I'm a knitter, and know what kind of friendships can be forged through the craft. I thought it would be fun to shee what an author would do with this topic.<br /><br />This was not even remotely challenging for reading. Yes, it's very lighthearted for the most parts. You go into the story having an idea that things will be resolved in one way or another. And they are. There are some ups and downs, and I think that there could have been more information on the character interactions than there were, but I'm hoping that happens in her next books. It was more like a story of 4 people's lives that happen separately, and happen to cross at certain points. I suppose this is more realistic at this point in their meeting than to have them totally involved with each other. In any case, it was fun to read.<br /><br />I did have one HUGE problem with the author's writing style. She has the tendency to remind you every other time she mentions someone exactly who they are in relationship to everyone else (every time she mentions a maid's name, she points out that this is the maid). I find it almost insulting, as though as a reader I can't be expected to remember who the sister, the boyfriend, his son, etc. are from one section to the next. It was still a fun book to read, pure entertainment. Don't expect anything deep to come out of it, but it's great for when you just want to read about someone else's lives for a while.
B000KRNCYY|4.0|good to have, but lower than my expectation from watching the live performance on TV
B000F9RB9Y|3.0|OK, it's a sad fact that not all Blu-Ray's are created equal.  I'm sure many of you have gotten to the point where you ask yourself why did I bother.  Sadly, this may be one of those occasions.  Although the picture is not horrible don't expect to much detail reveiled.
B000PHNHMQ|1.0|1. jam at least twice for the period that i used it ( shooting less than 200 brats )  2. stop working after using it for less than a week  3. made in China  4. Since it came with the makita compressor i can't return for refund. So i returned it to amazon for replacement. Amazon refuse to replace it.   5. the nailer doesn't deserve a star. However i have to give it one so that amazon will publish my review
0553378384|5.0|Everyone I show this book to gets their mind blown.  Regardless of your opinions on metaphysical things like astrology or past lives, this is a VERY insightful, enlightening book.  It spells out one's weak spots to work on and one's natural talents, as well. I find if quite helpful in understanding family members, friends, lovers and myself.  I own scads of astrology books and I use this one probably the most.  A not-to-be-missed book!
B000I62JAK|5.0|Just like any comedy, there are some misses, but some of the scenes are the funniest you will ever see.  When male model Zoolander returns to his home and family (father and brothers) in the \\"coal mining region of Southern New Jersey\\", you will laugh your blank off
B000V8I2QU|2.0|If this album was produced by someone who had some sense,  this album would have garnered at least 4 stars,  the songs are great,  but...    The sound is total garbage,  everything is compressed and sounds fuzzy and lifeless,  the same problem with the last Morrissey album as well,  great songs but boring,  lifeless production.    Music industry,  please get your heads straight and give us some great sounding music again,  you wonder why no one wants to buy cds,  give us a reason to!
1595141715|5.0|\\"I hope you're ready, because I'm about to tell you the story of my life. More specifically, why my life ended. And if you're listening to these tapes, you're one of the reasons why.\\" (p.6)<br /><br />The book starts off with a simple premise- Hannah Baker has killed herself and has left behind a suicide note in the form of thirteen cassette tapes to be listened to by each of the people that affected her life and her decision to end it. Already this book starts off very differently from most other novels- this is the beginning of the book and we already know the outcome. But you want to keep reading more. So you do. There are so many questions- what does Clay (the narrator who is taking us on this journey of Hannah's, and yes, he is one of the \\"thirteen reasons why\\") have to do with Hannah? Should we trust him or not? And of course, why does Hannah take her own life? Through the tapes and Clay's journey we have some questions answered, some not and even more questions raised. If just one situation had been turned out the slightest bit differently, would Hannah still be here to tell us her own story? This book really does make you think about the path not taken and how we are all pieces of each other's lives in ways that we cannot even begin to imagine.<br /><br />Thirteen Reasons Why is a great example of a teen book that captures that voice and spirit of being a teen. It reads like a teenager wrote this book. Not only that, but Asher does a phenomenal job of writing both the male and female voice. Not since Blake Nelson has a male author written such a true female character and authentic voice. Reading this book, you really feel like you are in the story. You could even be one of those thirteen reasons. Because you feel what Clay feels, you feel what Hannah feels and you want so desperately to reach in and grab her before it is too late. You will think about this book long after you put it down. This is a must read for teens and their parents alike.
031236198X|5.0|Great story, and it gets the point across. In today's business world you must be ready to change or be left behind. This book is elementary on purpose, and rightly so - anyone can read it and get the point.
B000IONJH4|1.0|DO NOT BUY THIS if you have a regular DVD player.. this only plays on HD-DVD, and as i was not aware and took the plastic off, was unable to return it. This needs to be more clearly clarified as a number of people were also unaware. Therefore you will be out 20.00$
B000QCUB8I|5.0|I've come across same people slamming this CD on the grounds that it's a dance album for dorks who (1) can't dance to save the lives a bagful of adorable kittens, and (2) don't like to listen to dance music, partly because it reminds them of their tragic handicap.  There's an essay about the album in this year's Village Voice Pazz and Jop poll that sums up this argument. To which I say: yeah, sure, and what's so wrong with that?  It's a dance album for the geeky toe-thumpers amongst us -- those nerdy enough to smile in goofy glee when they recognize the music from Dario Argento movies being sampled, or who like to lay back and imagine it as the soundtrack to the coolest Night of the Living Dead sequel yet. It's as stupid and fun as early Iron Maiden or AC/DC, only even better.
B00104W8T6|3.0|I purchased as a gift for my 16 year old daughter.<br />We both enjoyed the movie.  The album has four songs on it I like.
B000A42Y3M|5.0|This is a very high quality pull toy with great developmental interest for all ages!  The tail and head wobbles as the egg rotates to the speed that it is being pulled. Bright colors! For early childhood skills, I recommend this toy!
B000P12LWY|5.0|I really enjoyed this series. It was exciting and had the true human quality of desire for power. Henry VIII had to watch his back at all times and the first series of season one shows how he was molded into the crueler, older King. I am looking forward to Season 2.  Brenda Baril
0061251305|5.0|This is an amazing book for any of you who look around and see how the \\"tribes\\" that naturally form within organizations function and why some are fantastically successful and others fail miserably.The authors (Logan, King, Fischer-Wright) have based the work on years of research and have put together a model that is at first glance deceptively easy to understand but deeply powerful to put into application. Those of you who can take this model and put into action and move your organization into Stage 4 or even 5 are sure to see dramatic results!
B0002Z0EYK|4.0|After 3 years I finally got a chance to see this one. I dont know why I put it off for so long but Im glad I finally got around to it as it was great. Im not going to go into what the movie was about as there are plenty of those reviews but I will say for the home theatre buffs this is a must see. Video transfer was top notch and the surround sound was full and enveloping. The ocean crossing scene when Achilles makes his voyage to go fight really gives your subwoofer a workout as did the fireball scene with the battle on the beach. So dim the lights and crank your reciever on this movie.
B000WCDI64|5.0|This DVD is from Winehouse's Shepard's Bush performances in May of last year--two performances cleverly edited into a seamless document. The documentary is worth the price alone, especially for early footage of a brassy teenage Winehouse performing for record executives in the offices at EMI. The concert itself is great, though on the second night (when I saw her) she did a great little self-deprecating rant after singing Unholy War (her first composition for Back to Black) saying that for as long as it took to write it - she worked on it for a year - she never quite...got it...right; in her own words, \\"...it should be a f*ckin' symphony, y'know?\\" Then she launched into the song that came to her like a gift from heaven, Love Is A Losing Game. That spoken exchange isn't included here but one figures with her man now behind bars, Unholy War takes on new significance in her set. Amy Winehouse is not a graduate of The Mickey Mouse School of Performing--she doesn't have any marks to hit. What you get is a raw, sometimes tempermental, always sincere, personal performance. The much reported booing and hand-clapping at Birmingham NIA last November is nothing new--Winehouse was booed here and slow hand-clapped before she took to the stage, as I recall. It's a curious relationship, one in which primarily the audience has to adjust their expectations and realise they are in the company of a great talent, not observers of a trained seal. A must for all Winehouse fans. (Btw, saw her less than a week after the Birmingham shows at London's Brixton Academy and she was in great voice and tore the house down. It was thrilling. Of course, all the tabs said the next day was that she stumbled on a mic cord.)
6304711905|5.0|This has to be one of the best movies that Kurt Russell and Val Kilmer have ever performmed in.  Val Kilmer as Doc Holiday makes his part so<br />believeable that it seems like actual footage from the era.<br /><br />We have watched it every time it has been on the cable and now we can<br />watch it whenever the notion strikes.  \\"I'm your Huckleberry\\" - the<br />most memorable line of the movie.
B000FC2FVA|5.0|This CD is absolutely incredible.  Phoenix has instantly become my favorite band.  This CD coupled with Alphabetical are just amazing.
0743201140|4.0|As a student in high school, I was assigned this book to read as extra credit over Winter Break. When I first began to read I wondered how the book could relate to my life right now. I don't work at an office and I certainly don't hire employees. As I began to read, I enjoyed the knowledge that the book shared with me. It was an interesting way to view life, especially focusing on an individual's strengths. My favorite part was the StrengthsFinder. It was very helpful in letting me see what talents a program thought I expressed. After reading the book and taking the online survey, my confidence grew and I was able to focus on my strengths more. I would highly recommend this book to anyone, in any career, at any age.
B00006FDCD|4.0|My brother and I are to this day absolutely terrified of clowns. Blame it on Pennywise, the hideous beast-clown portrayed so excellently here by Tim Curry. Incidentally this was the first time I had seen Tim Curry in anything, and even when I see his movies today, all I can think of is this movie. To be fair, this WAS a TV film, and watching this recently I was reminded of how movies one watched in the 1980s when one was a child, are now close to unwatchable. Not so with this film, for the most part, because for some strange reason, I had forgotten most of the story - and the chills genuinely worked, all over again.<br /><br />I read the book \\"IT\\" when I was ten years old. Sleepless nights ensued, and when my brother and I first watched the film, we were struck by real, honest-to-goodness terror. This is hardly a movie for children. However, what the book had in eloquence (really, \\"IT\\" is perhaps the best-written King novel of them all, because he used some beautiful language and imagery in it), the movie makes up with shocks and thrills, and of course, the clown and his sly smile (and the teeth - good Lord, those teeth) are enough to drive young teens insane with fear.<br /><br />Still, for people who are watching this for the first time now, it might all be a bit tame. The only thing really scary is the clown, and the horrible music score really dates the film and reveals it as a tacky TV miniseries. Still, that's not bad considering this is still very watchable and it will work perfectly for a Saturday night at home with friends. Another thing - it holds up to repeat viewing, another plus in this day and age, so you might want to consider actually buying a copy. This is cool, vintage `80s terror, and what a great era that was.
B000TM1CL0|4.0|About 20 years ago, I was working for the City of Oakland.  While I was there, James Woods was shooting \\"True Believer\\"--the semi-biographical story of the San Francisco \\"hippie\\" attorney, Tony Serra.  In watching how he handled the role--going with the ponytail hairpiece to affect Serra's hairstyle, and his incredible energy--I came to a realization that Woods LOVES doing larger than life personalities.  It's been fascinating to think that he's done real-life lawyers some would think at opposite ends of the spectrum--Serra and the infamous Roy Cohn--along with some of his other characters (Ned Trent from \\"The Specialist\\").     This leads to \\"Shark\\", and a role that Woods fits almost too perfectly.  We all know the premise--high-priced, highly successful defense attorney gets client acquitted, client murders wife and expects defense attorney to work his magic; defense attorney gets reality check, gets offered job in the Los Angeles District Attorney's office heading up a High Profile Crimes Unit, and lawyer proceeds to go legally medieval on criminals.  All this while suddenly learning to live with a 17-year old daughter he really hadn't had a hand in raising.       This is a series that can't be pulled off unless you have a lead actor who can play an over-the-top character--at times, bordering on unsympathetic because of his ego and tactics--with a tremendous energy and humor.  That is why James Woods' Sebastian Stark is the center of this series' universe...and it's a pretty good universe.     Take nothing away from the supporting players--in the office, Sarah Carter's Stark-wannbe Madeline Poe and Sophina Brown's moralistic Raina Troy are great and their relationships reflect their characters--Poe's encounters with Sam Page's Casey Woodland (A thin character that wasn't brought back in Season 2), and Troy's budding relationship with the HPCU's investigator, Issac Wright (The dignified Henry Simmons).  Of course, we cannot not mention Danielle Panabaker's JulieStark--her decision to move in with her father at the start of the season, and Sebastian's adjustments--having to worry about a smart, charming daughter at the age when kids get in trouble--grounds Stark.     Then, there's Jeri Ryan's Jessica Devlin.  The LA District Attorney clearly doesn't want Stark in her office at the start of the series, and what had been obviously an adversarial and contentious relationship at the start grows into a mutual respect (if not a friendship) between two former rivals thrown together, so much so that Devlin--when she loses the DA election--gets picked by Stark to save a case he's thrown off of.  Of course, seeing Ryan in her business suits makes me wish that somehow the series would have a Masquerade Party scene and she would wear the Seven Of Nine catsuit (I CAN DREAM, CAN'T I??!?).     The high points of the season are the two Wayne Callison episodes, where Billy Campbell's slick serial killer gets himself onto Stark's radar, but doesn't find out until the final act of the season finale how far Stark is willing to go to see justice done.  It's a telling and ominous moment to hear what the bare-knuckles defense attorney-turned-prosecutor was willing to do to get even with Callison--not just for beating him the first time around, but HOW he was beaten.  I mention this because Callison may have done things to beat Stark in \\"Wayne's World\\" that Stark would have done as a defender.  In \\"Wayne's World II\\", the look that Campbell has in that final sequence when he finds out how Stark got him...is priceless.     Make no mistake, \\"Shark\\" is James Woods' vehicle...and he drives it nicely.
B0007Y08IS|5.0|This film was really, and I mean really hilarous!  I keep watching it constantly and I almost have the quotes in my head by now!     WARNING, POSSIBLE SPOILERS:    It first starts off in Paris, Osama bin Laden and his gang of terrorists are trying to blow Paris up.  But then Team America or TA for sort, shows up.  TA while fighting the terrorists are the ones blowing the Effel Tower up along with other monuments.  After Carson proposes to Lisa, his life is suddenly cut short when a terrorist kills him.     Meanwhile the plot goes to New York, where a very talented broadway actor named Gary, is hired by the TA leader Spotswoode, to work as a spy to get info out of the terrorists in Cairo.  Everyone seems to like him, except Chris, who for some reason mistrusts actors.  They succed in killing the Chechinans, but it's not really the Chechnians who are in charge, the real villian here is Kim Jong Ill, better know as the strange leader of North Korea.  He's planning to blow up the world and even manipulates a group of actors and actoress lead by Alec Balwden.      On a more romantic note, Gary falls for Lisa, who is afraid to give her heart away in the fear of lossing someone she loves again.  They consitmate their love, which I have no idea how they made the puppets have sex.  Gary too is dealing with a lose from long again, his older brother, who was beaten to death by gorillas.  Meanwhile, Sarah too likes Gary, and Joe likes Sarah.  But Gary quits the team after finding out that they didn't stop anything really.  And when the terroirst fired back by blowing up the Panama Canal.      Then matters become worst when TA are captured by Kimmy (it's a nick name, don't ask)  Well Kimmy even sings a song about how lonely he is and how there are people in the world that are less smarter then he is.  Well anyways, it's now up to Gary, with the help of Spotswoode, to take on Kimmy and his allies, and save the world.      This movie should have gotten a better review!  But anyways, they have parodied this movie after the invasion of Iraq obviously!  And they even put in a parodied country song, and a tribute to how Pearl Harbor, the movie, sucked.  I recommed this to South Park fans such as myself!  But I don't recommend it to close-minded people or children.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I didn't hear much about this movie before I saw it at the cinemas.  I was blown out of my mind.  I enjoyed everything about it; the cast, the stroyline, the effects, EVERYTHING.    I couldn't wait until I got the DVD.  And been telling all my friends about it, and they've all come to the same conclusion, it's simply the best movie of 2007.
B0001GL3K4|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie.Love actually does exist and this movie shows it.All the different people in the movie keeps you entertained.Hugh Grant is terrific.
B0010YSD7M|4.0|I adore Stargate, and cannot wait for the movies, if only to see the conclusion.  The sad fact is, this is one of the only SciFi shows that could continue on after 10 seasons without over-using the plotlines. I'm sad that it as been cancelled due to human greed and stupidity.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|The 4 th season of NCIS is great, cant wait to buy the 5th season...  I live in South Africa and we do get the series on our local TV but I cant  wait for it to be aired, thats why I am so glad that I have access to Amazon the price is great and the delivery is fantastic...Well  done Amazon....
0143038583|5.0|In reading through the reviews for An Omnivore's Dilemma, I'm struck by those who have criticized it for   a)  telling us what we already know,   b)  not using enough 'facts' regarding the outcomes of eating processed foods, and  c)  being too preachy    As to the widely known history of agribusiness, the corn boom, the additive boom, etc., if we truly knew it all we wouldn't be in this boat. Our supermarkets wouldn't require labyrinthian quests to find decent food and the diet and pharma industries wouldn't be so significantly wealthy.  So I really doubt there's no audience for Pollan's book because we all know what we're eating and we're just deliberately ignorant.    We do already know of the studies done on the effects of eating a high-fat, high-sugar, high-additive diet... And the deliberately ignorant glean this by just watching reality t.v. or the nightly news.  So why should Pollan have cited these 'facts' to back up the now widely accepted claim that processed foods are poorer nutrition than whole foods?  If he issued a book of 'facts' and citations to appease the scholars out there, it probably would languish in obscurity like so many other dry, statistical wonders of academia.     Too preachy?  Actually, it's not preachy enough.  He could have called it, \\"Corn-fed Idiots\\" or \\"Eating to Die\\" - that would have resonated a lot better with the audience he is trying to reach i.e. the AVERAGE consumer... Not you food scientists or agriculturists or any of the other 'ists' who feel the need to critique something because they've already figured it out.    All in all, this is a great book purely because it is easily read, understood and remembered.  Those who wish to debunk it as being inaccurate, subjective or soapbox should still realize it for its worth of being written to the everyman reader/eater.  Pollan allows the reader to draw his own conclusion as to if there is hope or not for change, or to instigate change in their own small way.  And if he makes one person questions the value of High Fructose Corn Syrup, he'll have done his job.
B00008LKDY|5.0|I have the regular two CD set and found the reverberent recording site, and the bunched and closely miked instruments, well, rather difficult at times for my stereo to handle. There was some pre-rumble also. Sometimes with the regular CD issue the general effect was that heavier strings during forte passages all but knocked my speakers over. (See the Allegro assai -  sounding eerily like a percursor of the those extra-ordinary dynamic cross-hatchings in Beethoven's symphonies!)<br /><br />So, in an attempt to better enjoy a great 2 CD set I purchased the SACD Hybrid. Those of you who wish can buy this version and later add a SACD player. When played through a SACD system some of these problematic tendencies noted above are less intrusive. Not all of them, for there remains too much detail of incidental sound. Yet the strings do sound more natural, and the instruments' all gain with the SACD. So before buying the regular consider a few extra dollars and try the SACD hybrid. When I played it (This Hybrid SACD) on a regular CD player there was some difference in the bass balance, but nothing like the changes evident when played on the SACD machine.<br /><br />The performances are just sensational - with at times an almost symphonic power and punch you would not expect. Rachel Podger never dominates the proceedings, and the music's great range and originality as ensemble writing gains. I completely agree with all the positive reviews, which can be found on Amazon under the regular CD issue, and frankly am surprised anyone found something (other than the sound) to nitpick about.<br /><br />Absolute top choice!
075640407X|5.0|I am not a big reader of fantasy novels because I quickly get annoyed with cheesy sounding fantasy names and questionable magical abilities.  Patrick Rothfuss's novel is not your standard cheesy fantasy.  In fact, I would say there is 0% cheese in this book.  And I live in Wisconsin, so believe me, I recognize cheese when I see it.    This is a large book, but I read it in only a few days because it's so compelling.  Pick it up- you won't be disappointed.
B0011NVC9I|5.0|This is AMAZING! I love Beowulf and this is even better than the theatrical version. Even though it was more violently bloody, it is one of the best mature animated films since Heavy Metal. I love it so much, you should get the Director's Cut by the special effects master Robert Zemeckis.
B000XPU5NY|4.0|Live over Europe is a fine cd. Not quite as good as The We Walk - Live, but it is new. For a group that has perhaps released their last \\"new\\" stuff, its refreshing. After all, they are around 60 years old.
B0011NVC98|5.0|One of the best mature animated films since Heavy Metal. I am a fan of Neil Gaiman's works and this is a well told story along with Roger Avery. This is one of Robert Zemeckis's masterpieces and I simply love it. So what if its animated? There is a live-action version called Beowulf & Grendel, but there is just no comparison. I mean the animated version has beautiful landscapes, especially the fjords, more colorful and more alive where as the other one is more dull and let's face it there is no dragon in it. Beowulf is better being animated, because it doesn't have to be all real because its Fantasy and I love it.
B000OCXFCO|5.0|i think i'd be safe to say that george bush hasnt done a great deal of good durirg his term , but he seems to have made dave write his best stuff for years,i hav'nt enjoyed a megadeth album this much since so far so good so what! thanx george.
B000NVIXFK|1.0|Disappointed in the album and their concert last year. They are adding venues for '08. I'll be passing. I am sick and tired of giving bands my money, so they can insult me, my nation, and my God. They have the \\"Free Will\\" to hate. I have the Free Will to pass.<br /><br />One reviewer asked why the critics loved this album. If you want to get noticed and to be loved by the liberal establishment, just do lots of what they did on this CD---bash the above 3 items and bash them good. In case anyone doesn't get it, America is \\"We the People\\". When they bash the US, they are bashing all Americans. Some ally...
B000HIVIOW|5.0|GREAT HOLIDAY ANIMATED DVD.  I SAW THIS BACK WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT , YEARS AGO, I HAVE IT ON VHS, BUT WANTED IT ON DVD.  THANKS, IT'S GREAT......
0805079831|5.0|Saw Naomi Klein's talk on YouTube and was impressed.  Bought the book and am even more impressed.  She knows her stuff, from the broad picture of recent history to the finest details, and she can write.  There is a clear pattern of economic activity going on that we must consider.  Please read this book and then tell others what you think about it. Very highly recommended.
0385522401|3.0|As a great fan of Ian McEwan, I was really let down with \\"On Chesil Beach.\\" The plot is but a wisp, or maybe a vignette, but nothing more. Florence and Edward are never especially compelling; the reader is told how to think of them rather than given the evidence to draw his own conclusions.    Since the dawn of time (until perhaps the late 1960s), millions of other couples shared the experience of wedding night trauma that grips Edward and Florence in 1962. So the premise isn't novel, nor are the visceral reactions of the couple to the incident that causes her so much shame and him such bewilderment and embarrassment. McEwan's anatomical descriptions are far more explicit than they would have been in any contemporaneous novel whose author did not wish his book to be banned. But with such clinical correctness thrown at the reader in excruciating detail -- at least a page and a half are devoted to the stroking of one particular hair -- it's easy to forget that \\"On Chesil Beach\\" started out as a love story, simple and true.    McEwan makes a near-fatal misstep in devoting the last seven pages of a 202-page book to catching the reader up on the last 45 years of the characters' lives. One can't help but think a contract deadline loomed ominously near. The reader feels cheated upon recalling that the stroking of that fabled single hair follicle was given such weight and so many lines of type. It's as if it were the single most epochal event ever to touch Florence or Edward's lives. (And after the wedding night debacle, we are told that Florence and Edward did go on to lead interesting lives, but in warp-speed fashion.)    Every author, even the very fine ones like McEwan, writes a minor, easily forgettable book at some point in his career. Given his track record, certainly his next book will stand comfortably beside \\"Atonement,\\" \\"The Child In Time,\\" \\"Saturday,\\" \\"Enduring Love\\" and others. I had hoped \\"On Chesil Beach\\" would, too.    (Three stars for the mastery of language.)
B00004RF97|1.0|Of all the famous \\"oldies\\", this one holds up least well in my opinion. Evidently a real classic in pre World War 2, one would bet that 95% of today's viewers couldn't withstand the two hours of viewing time. Still seen occasionally on P.B.S., the movie simply has no action; only gab and an amusing off the cuff one-liner at times. Stewart won his only Oscar here, but it's obviously Grant who's the male lead,rescuing Stewart on at least one occasion from his usual bumbling. Multi Oscar winner Hepburn is reputed to have \\"jump started\\" her career here, but this reviewer fails to see it, prefering \\"The African Queen\\" a decade later, if at all. Again,we go back to an old theme, wondering why Jean Arthur, Claude Rains, or Grant never bagged a single Oscar amongst them.Meanwhile, the picture must have once meant something; it was re-made as \\"High Society\\" in the 1950's. But, Tom Hanks' \\"Philadephia\\", unthinkable in 1940, will now carry the cinematic banner for this city,perhaps forever.
6305291446|5.0|This review contains spoilers if you haven't watched this film or Halloween Resurrection.    I have seen 1 and 2, then this film, resurrection and the Rob Zombie remake and of these I would rate this one as he best- great suspense- however for its time I am sure that 1 and 2 were spectacular.       As for the Halloween cycle in general: Spoilers included-  In this film I loved that Laurie killed Michael but then he returns for Resurrection where she is killed? Thats where the problem lies for me. I feel this movie needs closure (if the remake of the whole series is going to get done- after seeing the remake of the original I doubt that I will be interested) and the way to get closure is to kill Michael- if Laurie is really dead (after all the torture she should have the right to kill him) then her son should be the one to kill him. But we need atleast one more original Halloween for closure- and to end the series Michael needs to die (though up to the remake I have always rooted for him and Laurie- wishing neither character death.)
0800141806|5.0|If you'd told me 15 years ago that Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington were about to become major forces in Hollywood, I'd have told you that it was well past closing time. To me, Hanks was a great guy who'd be forever saddled with class B material, while Washington was just the new handsome face on the block. This film changed everything for both of them. In the first place, for the umpteenth time, this is a story of prejudice. The relative paucity of reviews for an Academy Award winner such as this may still indicate some confusion amongst the voters. Secondly, the script material and the acting skill of our protagonists matured both of them exponentially amongst the viewing public. Can one really believe that \\"Forrest Gump\\" would have produced such fabulous results  for Hanks were it not for this film? Or that Washington seems to be everywhere garnering quality roles? Finally,and less obviously, we again relearn that prejudice is not an inborn instinct; it is learned behavior that has been proven time and again in a child's sandbox. Lest we forget, visit one from time to time and take a moment to reflect.
0425163407|3.0|I've been reading the Kay Scarpetta series in order from book one, and if you are reading the series, by all means don't skip this one. That said, I got lost in some of the forensic details, I'm just not as up on my saw blades as I should be I suppose. As you can tell from the book jacket, there are murders where the bodies are dismembered, arms, legs and heads sawed off. There have been previous cases in Dublin, and in Virginia. The latest doesn't seem to match that killer though. (we never know who that killer is) The book goes on to a pox like virus and a national health emergency. The killer was introduced early on, but I didn't see the clues leading up to the revelation. But by then, I was just trying to keep up with the different scenarios and lost somewhere in the microbiology and saw blade details.     In a long running series such as this, there is bound to be a book that everyone doesn't connect with. It will not deter me from reading the next one.
B000I2JKFG|5.0|great product it arrived a few days early. which of course is a good thing. great product at a great price.
B000002UWE|5.0|This was the very best choice I could have made. It was almost a steal for the price I got it for, and there is not a \\"bad\\" song on the entire CD. You know the ones that you have to skip over to get to a decent one, even on a greatest hits lineup they can sneak one in there. This is truly a Very Best. I was torn between this one and another of their CDs but I read a review posted on this site that swayed my decision. I am glad I read it!
B000VAPZM2|5.0|Hey, it's HSM 2 on DVD so no waiting around for TV.  You can play it anywhere.  Some of the behind scenes intrigued and excited the kids.  Buy it if you are a HSM fan.
1591841666|4.0|The Dip is a small book. It is well written and narrowly focused on an important topic. While the discussion and presentation are original the advise is not.    The author is well known and popular in the Internet and Software business world; however I do not think his track record gives him the credibility to speak with authority on the books topic. The Dip is about how to succeed by quitting. This would have had more impact if the author was the worlds best at something.    The books theme is the widely accepted idea that you must focus and be committed to succeed. Godin starts with a discussion of the importance of winning that emphasizes the difference between first place and the rest. Then talks about the importance of stopping doing something if the pay off does not justify the effort, or there is little chance of success. All of the advice is well know and seems self-evident. There is really nothing new here. The Dip is well written with some novel examples and anecdotes and may serve as a useful refresher for some readers.    In the end I was left wondering how to determine whether or not I was in a dip, destine to eventually break through and succeed, or in one of the undesirable situations Godin describes. The author may have assumed that since most of his argument as a restatement of the obvious, this would be clear too. In fact I was left confused on this point. The book would have been strengthened by the addition of more information on determining were you are now.
0765357151|1.0|I was given this book as a gift. I wanted to read the book before I went and saw the movie. I now hope the movie is better than the book because the book leaves a lot to be desired. I also didn't know the story would end halfway through the novel and was mildly surprised at the ending. I can't say I'm a huge fan of \\"horror\\" novels anyways, but this takes the cake for worst I've read. Don't waste your time!
1401307450|5.0|While not a huge fan of the group I have to say this is a great book. Watching a tremendously talented guy ride the ups and downs of life, from huge success to squalid drug addictions, and to survive it all and write some amazing songs is just incredible. A really great book. What's interesting about Scar Tissue, in comparison to other books on entertainers, is that Kiedis writes with a tremendous amount of soul. Every word, memory, thought, and reliving is full of passion and soul. You believe what he says and it's easy to make a connection. He's not some distant rock star bent on super stardom. Just a regular guy who has seen a lot. If you've ever screwed up a few times in life...or more than a few times... you'll make an instant connection with this guy.
B000BL39F6|3.0|I found this dual disc re-issue of [[ASIN:B000BL39F6 Doggystyle]] to be a complete waste of money. For one, The digi-pack packaging was so cheaply made, it broke the minute I opened it. Second, The bonus track, \\"G'z Up H--s Down\\" That didn't make it on the original pressing due to sample clearance issues wasn't added. The song samples \\"The Look of Love\\" by Isaac Hayes just like [[ASIN:B0000DIXN8 'Rain on Me' by Ashanti]] and it made it onto [[ASIN:B000I0QKM4 15 Years on Death Row]] so my guess would be that Hayes approved the sample. So I do not see why it wasn't added to this re-issue. Also, the videos on the DVD side are on the bonus DVD on [[ASIN:B000I0QKM4 15 Years on Death Row]] which I suggest instead of getting this [[ASIN:B000BL39F6 Doggystyle]] Dual Disc if you own the original [[ASIN:B00005AQF7 Doggystyle]]. Also, I saw no point in adding the movie remix video of \\"Murder was the case\\", Since it's not the album version. The MTV Video Music Award performance would have been a better video since he performed the album version. To make this simpler, I find this to be a crappy re-release.
032147404X|5.0|I read all the reviews and bought the book(anyway). True the \\"humor\\" is pretty lame(doesn't have a leg to stand on),but the techniques discussed are NOT!!!! What a Great book for the beginner to advanced beginner. Will definitely buy Book II !
0060558121|5.0|American Gods is the pentacle of Gaiman's eclectic imagination wrapped in a scrumptious story line full of introspective modernity... Just read the Damn Thing. No one behind a camera will ever have enough balls to make it into a movie....
B00013RC8O|3.0|Good service. Product was in new condition as discribed in ad  just a little slow on shipping. Over all was good service
B0010Z32OA|5.0|Gaiman is probably one of the best writers around and I think a big testament to that is that they can't seem to make his movies. Stardust was very well done. Especially DeNiro, great job Bobby. If you haven't seen it, do;)
B00005NTJK|3.0|Any Jethro Tull album from their classic line-up era is going to be \\"good music\\" because they were a great band. I really like Martin Barre and of course saying Ian Anderson is a musical genius is not overstating his talent. In between their \\"real\\" debut and the \\"masterpiece\\" Aqualung the band released Benefit in 1970. While Benefit is not a bad album by any stretch it does pale in comparison to both its predessor and of course the famous follower. Benefit is a solid performance of what are really just average songs by the high standards Tull set for themselves over their career. My favorite track is the single \\"Teacher,\\" and the rest are all OK but nothing jumps out to me as WOW or really blows me away, where most of Stand Up and Aqualung do in fact blow me away after years of consistant listening. Should a Tull fan get Benefit, yes. Should the casual listener rush out and get this expecting the same level of greatness found on some other Jethro albums, no. For the record I have the old original issue 10-track no-bonuses CD not any remastered version.
B0007TKNL0|5.0|I could have seen this film when it's still in theatre. I could have seen this film when it first came out on DVD a couple of years ago. I SHOULD have seen this film when it's still in circle that my opinion could make any different. In stead, I've seen it for the first time LAST MONTH and if I hadn't come across a few scenes of this movie from youtube I wouldn't even have a wit to check it out. I, an avid fan of the book, an even bigger fan of the musical, intentionally ignored the most satisfying film version that based directly on my favourite story for 3 years thanks to my stubbornness and stuck-up-ness.     Like most of the phanatics I was overexcited when I knew they're going to make a film version of ALW's musical masterpiece. And like most of the phanatics I was super-upset when I found out that neither the original casts nor any professional opera singers had been chosen to take the iconic roles. Unlike many of the phanatics I didn't even go to see the movie with my own eyes to make my own judgement. Instead I read the not-so-good reviews from the critics (whose words I'd never paid attention to, up until then) and the bashings from general fans of the stage version and the book and chose to BELIEVE them.     Then one day God took pity on me and made me come across the final lair scenes from youtube while searching for something else, it's the first time I'd ever seen any scenes from this movie, and I was hooked. A few more clips, a short trip to a VDO renting shop and a couple hours later I've become one the biggest fan of the film and one of the biggest fool for taking this long to realise that.    My initial expectation can go to hell, this film was made the way it's intended to be, the way it meant to be and, to those who 'get' it, the way it should be. Leroux's fans should accept the fact that this film is an adaptation of the musical, not the book.     Gerard Butler's singing is technically no comparison to Michael Crawford's but his raw and powerfulvoice conveys all the passion and intensity his role required. He made his singing the part of his acting. He might not sound like an angel but he definitely sounds like THE Phantom. The fact that with the mask on he looks hot enough to roast a turkey is a bonus.    Emmy Rossum is no Sarah Brightman and yet she's the perfect Christine for the film version. She wasn't made to be an opera singer. However, for general audience her voice is a lot easier to digest than Sarah's voice and her acting is faultless. Patrick Wilson is the best classical singer among the leading roles and very convincing as the charming Raoul.     A lot of people aren't happy with the Phantom's (lack of) deformity. BIG DEAL! He IS deformed, full stop. Does he have to look as hideous as possible to get your vote? There're so many horror film versions of POTO out there where they made the Phantom more terrifying, more evil than he's supposed to be. Why can't we accept the film that made him more human?     Well, it's a bit pointless to write this review, isn't it? People who love it've been already a fan and those who hate it aren't likely to change there opinions anytime soon. But in case someone need my opinion, I recommend this to anyone who love musicals, new to the story, never seen the stage shows or those who have but are open to accept the differences. Fans of the book won't like it though as it plays down on the mystery & horror angle and emphasized on the romantic & drama side.    The two discs version has the song `No one would listen', the deleted scenes which could have been one of the film's highlights if it hadn't been cut.
B0007Y89ZM|2.0|Ok.  I loveD the Eagles.  There was a better than 50/50 chance that I had one of their albums in my car.  When people hated on them (there are A LOT of Eagles haters out there) I defended them wholeheartedly.  NO MORE.  The only Eagle I did not despise by the end of the DVD was Joe Walsh, who may be the sweetest old man ever.  The only reason this DVD did not get 1 star is that the Eagles are still awesome musicians.    The Eagles should be heard (NOT THEIR INTERVIEWS) and not seen.    P.S. Timothy B. Schmidt is the worst.  I miss Randy Meisner.
B000GUJHD0|4.0|Pink's hypothesis that right brained skills will be the core of post outsourced America is quite thought provoking.  Tom Peters and others have made much the same argument.  Creativity and design will be the new skillsets in demand after much of the current left brain analytical skills (programming, accounting etc. per Tom Friedman's viewpoint) end up as commodity skills moving to Asia and India.  I think it is a bit hard to know that yet since with the falling dollar and increasing wage costs in those areas, Americans are becoming more competitive.  That said I found this a fascinating read.  Incidentally, on my own several years ago, I tried Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain (recommended in Pink's book) and I found that it truly was liberating to my creative side.  So I know that at least that part of Pink's book definitely works.
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|In an age where the big budget Broadway style musicals are racing onto the screen, it's a simple low budget musical that's the real charmer.  Once looks like minimalist art cinema at first glance - hand held shots, documentary style film making.  No elaborate stages, special effects or gorgeous technicolor that encompasses the modern musical.<br /><br />Rather, the film simply tells the story of a chance meeting between an unnamed man and unnamed woman who seem to share only a love for music and a lack of monetary affluence.  Yet thrugh music, their aspirations seem to grow, as does their relationship.  Despite the lack of grandiose compositions in the broadway fashion, the songs direct the course of the characters and are the cornerstone of the film, as it has little dialogue.<br /><br />Glen Hansard has been making music for years and has been featured on film in the past in the Committments, yet doesn't strike you as an actor.  But it's the naturalistic approach of his and Marketa Irglova's performance that makes the film so great.  It feels like we're feeling and following the passion of these two characters.  Overall it's a lovely combination of filmaking technique, raw feeling, and an excellent enjoyable soundtrack that makes this film so great.
B000UR9T82|4.0|I bought this just to get the first 2 movies in high def. The third movie isn't nearly as good as the others, but I'll still watch it again. \\"Spiderman\\" and \\"Spiderman 2\\" are perfect comic book movies. The dialogue is class Stan Lee, which could come off as cornball, but Sam Raimi makes it work. I'm a little perplexed that the extras that were on the standard definition discs are not present on the Blu-ray editions. Blu-ray holds so much information, there must have been room for them.
B0000C2IQD|5.0|Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (Special Edition) is better than we expected; it is a real step up from our old (really old) VCR version.  Amazon's shipment/delivery system was pleasantly quick and accurate (considering the usual effects of the Christmas rush).
0743486285|5.0|I AM ABOUT HALF WAY AND I AM FINDING IT VERY INTERESTING.  SO FAR IT IS A GREAT BOOK AND I WOULD ADVISE OTHERS TO READ IT.
B000PDYVVG|5.0|Ever been on a life journey?  Ever wanted to but didn't have the funds, freedom, or courage?  This is the book for you.  Excellent, humorous, easy read of a woman's journey.  Enjoyed it beginning to end.
B00000420F|4.0|Cecilia Bartoli may not be the finest mezzo-soprano extant but few would doubt her exceptional artistry and professionalism.  In \\"Se tu m'ami\\", she transforms simple, even primitive, melodies into beautiful, dare I say, rapturous arias, in the finest bel canto tradition. I now understand why Paisiello was a favourite of Buonaparte and why I should now acknowledge Vivaldi for his considerable versatility and creativity.  The disc now occupies a top shelf in my CD rack.  Bravissimo Cecilia.
B000URDEB0|4.0|Perhaps the most difficult task to undertake in the music industry is replacing a lead vocalist of an established band.  Especially a vocalist as beloved as Tarja Turunen.  Just ask Blaze Bailey and Tim \\"Ripper\\" Owens how difficult it can be.  The lead vocalist is the person fans think of first when the name of the band is mentioned.  Even for groups where the frontman (or in this case, woman) is not the creative force behind the outfit they are usually thought of first.  So here we have Anette Olzon who has the task of replacing Miss Turunen.  She is essentially set-up for failure.    Now if Olzon were fronting a start-up band people would have nothing but good things to say about her.  Her voice is dynamic, her look pleasing, and she brings a certain energy that at worst is contagious.  Since she is replacing another though you get fans who will nitpick everything about her including how she smiles or bobs her head to the music in a video (just google any of the video clips from the album and read the comments for yourself).    And even though the deck is stacked against her (and the rest of the band) the doom and gloom is avoided and we have here a very solid release and the start of something new.    The diehard fans are likely going to yearn for the days of Tarja, but I'm not one of those diehards.  I used to DJ for a nonprofit radio station where I was fortunate to be able to have a metal show and pick my own playlist.  Nightwish was never a frequent pick of mine but one that would come up occasionally.  And Nightwish is one of those bands that has always had a strong following in the metal community so a request here and there was not out of the question.  I've always had a soft spot for metal bands fronted by women, though Tarja was never my favorite.  She is immensely talented with a powerful voice but one normally found in an opera.  Her voice is best suited for slower tempo songs and I'm more of a high tempo guy myself.  I think she is capable of more than what she demonstrated in Nightwish (as evidenced by the track \\"In the Picture\\" from the Nuclear Blast All-Stars compilation) but needless to say, I was never attached to her voice.    Anette Olzon brings a bit more versatility to the group.  She is more of a classical vocalist with a wide range.  She likely can't nail some of the stuff Turunen did with the band but she certainly has her own element.  I can't imagine the track \\"Amaranth\\" sounding better with Turunen on it, just as I would probably prefer Tarja's \\"Nemo\\" to Anette's.    At any rate, any weakness this album has is not one caused by the addition of Miss Olzon.  This is actually a very good album and in my opinion the most diverse one I've heard from the group.  For whatever reason, the band seems more willing to explore elements they rarely (if ever) touched on previous albums.  This new found desire for exploration has it successes and failures on the album, but at no point does one get the sense the band is making anything for anyone but themselves.    The opening track, \\"The Poet and the Pendulum\\" is a soaring and varied affair that does not come close to feeling like the 14 minute track that it is.  Even the most jaded Nightwish fan must have felt a certain rush or felt goosebumps rise up all over their skin during the first listen.  The second track, \\"Bye Bye Beautiful,\\" is an attention getter where the bassist and secondary vocalist Marco Hietala gets a chance to assume the spotlight.  The song is, without question, about the former vocalist for the band and comes across as kind of a cheap-shot affair.  The song is a fun ride though so the juvenile subject matter is forgivable.  The third track, and perhaps most controversial, is the exuberant and bubbly \\"Amaranth.\\"  Some call it poppy, which I won't disagree with, but others also just want to label it mainstream, American pop which I disagree with.  Pop is written specifically to sell and is usually composed by producers and businessmen insteadof artists.  At no point does \\"Amaranth\\" sound like it isn't a Nightwish song, it's just more of a positive and hopeful song with a catchy cadence in the chorus than some of the sad and dreary stuff.  I find it pretty infectious but I could see how someone would find it annoying.  For many I assume it is a guilty pleasure, one they're afraid to admit they enjoy but when no one is around they playfully sing along to.    These first three tracks achieve what they need to.  Nightwish comes out and proves it can make quality music at the same level as their previous efforts with a new vocalist.  Perhaps this makes the album a bit top heavy, as the quality noticeably dips following \\"Amaranth.\\"  The next song is a solid B+ effort, \\"Cadence of Her Last Breath\\" and \\"Eva\\" is the type of slow ballad Nightwish is more known for.  There are a few duds though, such as the uninspired \\"Master Passion Greed\\" and the forgettable \\"Sahara.\\"  \\"7 Days to the Wolves\\" drags on a bit, but \\"The Islander\\" and the closing track \\"Meadows of Heaven\\" offer a couple of bright spots towards the album's close.  None of the tracks are bad, or ones I would even skip over, they're just not as memorable following the strong opening.  I think if the album were arranged a bit differently it would be less noticeable but it's not a killer and for someone who really cares they could easily re-arrange the tracks themselves.    In the end I have to admit that this is my favorite Nightwish release up to this point.  It isn't necessarily a preference for Anette over Tarja but just a preference for the style of music the band is willing to play.  The band keeps all of the components that made them stand out while mixing in some new elements that keep the package fresh.  It is easy for a band to continually release the same album over and over but I'll take the artist or band who is willing to always try something new with each effort.  This is an album that has found a place in my large library of heavy metal and one I think I will return to time and again.
6304698526|5.0|Classic movie and its one of those movies you must see before its too late.
B000Y7U98C|5.0|This film was suprisingly one of the most thought-provoking and moving I've seen. The imagery is powerful and the cast is superb. The characters were not stereotypical; they were really quite gender neutral, which I found a relief for a science fiction flick. The nuances of their personalities and individual backgrounds (revealed or not) gave the movie great texture and depth. The score is perfect; the effects are spectacular. The visual imagery alone makes the movie superior to so many other similar films. Plus the DVD extras are really wonderful, with so much to watch after the film is over. Danny Boyle has this way of making a movie stay with you for a long time after it's over.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|The amount of work that went in to making this series is evident. The excellent footage along with the insightful narration makes this series a must have.
B000MNP2KI|1.0|a waste of time...Daniel Craig is a lousy 007...having seen every james bond movie several times, this movie makes very little sense. Nice stunts as always; but the love plot with Vesper did/does not work, too much time is spent on it, and the real bond would not have wasted his time with this SKANKY looking shrew. Hopefully the next attempt at anything Bond will deal less with an hour worth of Texas hold em (i can watch the WSOP for this if needed), minimal plot spent on a love line, and a Bond who wont be a guy with little or no acting ability. If I could give a \\"0\\" for this movie, I would. Go buy \\"license to kill\\" or \\"the world is not enuff.\\" At least those movies have something more believable than a blond/blue bond who is totally out of his league.  Crap movie, must have been produced with ladies in mind. Bring back Plenty O Toole.
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|This is an excellent movie and a great teaching tool.  It vividly portrays Schizophrenia to those who are unfamilar with this condition.
B000UBMSB8|5.0|The final cut has better visual detail, colors that pop, and much better sound. The movie itself is no improvement over the directors cut.
B000YPUF9W|4.0|I remember back in 2002 when Resident Evil came out how skeptical I was about a video game transfer to the big screen. But you gotta hand it to Writer/Director Paul Anderson on that one; he made a great, Action- Horror film.<br /><br />Then along came Resident Evil: Apocalypse (RE2) in 2004. Anderson wrote the script, but turned the directing reins over to noob Alexander Witt...and you see Witt's inexperience all over the movie. RE2 added an amateurish hokeyness that wasn't present in the original.<br /><br />In 2007 the series returns to straight-up Action - Horror with Resident Evil: Extinction (RE3). RE3 is not as dark and creepy as RE1, but it's a lot better than RE2. Anderson again wrote the script, but relied on vet Russ Mulcahy (remember the cult 80s hit [[ASIN:B00005RYL2 Highlander]]?) to direct. For RE3, Mulcahy went back to a lot of the basics that made the original so good.<br /><br />RE1 and RE3 have good old fashion scares, tons of action and stories that never get boring. RE2 was entertaining and had its own share of action, but the story and the 'horror' lacked compared to 1 & 3.<br /><br />The story is pretty consistent throughout all three movies. The deadly T-Virus is accidentally (or not) released by the Umbrella Corporation, and it's up to Milla Jovovich to save the world from its effects: zombies, unthinkable mutations (man and animal alike) and the psychotic minds of the Umbrella Corp.<br /><br />It's certainly not necessary to watch all three to understand what's going on in the individual releases. In fact, you don't even need to watch them chronologically. But if you're into the Action - Horror genre, and you haven't seen the first two, I recommend just starting from the beginning and enjoy the ride.
B000SNUMC0|5.0|OH man when I heard this cd I was blown away.  I've been an Iced Earth fan for a long time and I heard Ten Thousand Strong I was in shock it is that good of a song.  I would say this is on stronger side of cds.  I love Iced Earth and I know you will too if you buy this cd
B000002I27|5.0|There are great Doors albums, but \\"Strange Days\\" is in a class by itself. Many second albums are problematic because there was a lifetime to make the first, and 2 months in the midst of a tour to write and record the second.  \\"Strange Days\\" was helped by solid writing, musicianship and great production (including the graphics-the cover is beautiful).  In retrospect, the songwriting combination was a one-two punch of Morrison and Kreiger.  Guitarist Robbie Krieger, author of \\"Light My Fire\\" also wrote \\"Love Me Two Times\\" and other great gems.  His symbiotic creative relationship with Morrison was bedrock for Doors material.  All four of them made the tune into a track, hence the collective writing credit.  I saw much of this album performed live in 1968.  It was a great show.  Great album.  Incidentally, people ARE strange when you're a stranger, but you knew that.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|I heard the buzz about this movie a few months ago and decided to give it a shot. Halfway through the film, I knew I'd have to own this soundtrack or be haunted by snippets of these tunes running through my head.<br /><br />\\"Once\\" is a great amalgam of music and story. With acoustic guitar and piano at their base, these are raw tunes, full of honesty and emotion rarely found on the radio. Most American producers would've felt obligated to add frills or extra verses, or more drums, or...anything to make things more commercial. By sticking to the bare bones of the songs, Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova create rough-cut diamonds. There are five or six brilliant songs--okay, maybe seven or eight--and the rest are very good.<br /><br />This is one soundtrack I can't stop listening to, and it is only enhanced by the textured simplicity of the movie. What a treat.
0618477942|4.0|Perhaps it is inevitable that I'd fall for this book, given that I'm a fan of comics --Art Speigelman, Chris Ware, Lynda Barry, Megan Kelso, Gilbert & Jamie Hernandez... and of course Alison Bechdel, whose Dykes to Watch Out For strip I've followed for a long time. Compared to that strip, this book has a more gentle pace and wry wit. It says as much as written biographies in a surprisingly compact way. The ending disappointed some, but surely real life is harder than fiction to tie up in a tidy bow.
B000B8IA2G|5.0|Great series!  I have always enjoyed it and have recently gone back to enjoy the earlier episodes.
B0002V7OI8|4.0|I strongly disagree with the Amazon Editorial review written by David Chute.    For a film that is now a decade old, Deep Impact still proves to be a powerful, topical film driven by emotion rather than special effects. Granted, it's not perfect. In fact, some viewers will guess several of the plot twists long before they arrive. Predictability and flaws aside, it's still an emotional journey worth taking. Deep Impact is one of the better films of its genre, and is certainly far more enjoyable than \\"Armageddon\\", the film it is most often compared to.    If you enjoy your disaster pictures with an emphasis on character depth, I highly recommend Deep Impact. If all your looking for is a special effects driven action flick, then look elsewhere.    JM
B000Y7U98C|4.0|I write this review for my younger brother, who used to have this movie on his priority list, but removed it after reading some reviews here. In order to restore his confidence, I am writing this lengthy review (the ones he trusts). Hopefully, finding such a lengthy review here on Amazon will restore this movie to his priority list. I have not done a word count of the other reviews, but hopefully mine is sufficiently lengthy to make it as definitive as what others have done. ;)<br /><br />The visuals were awesome, the atmosphere it created was tense, some of the interior shots of the Icarus reminded me of the Nostromo from Alien, the shots of the Sun were awesome, all around...one of the best science fiction movies I've seen in awhile. Took a weird twist towards the end, I think another direction might have been more interesting, but did not detract from the overall quality of the film.<br /><br />Have we seen this kind of stuff before? No doubt...but when was the last time any sort of effort was put into creating hard science fiction. Interesting and thought provoking science fiction?<br /><br />There is a lot of good stuff going on in this film. It can best be described as a cross of ideas between 2001: A Space Odyssey, Event Horizon, and Heart of Darkness. However, this is a new twist on some of these elements. It is seeded with good ideas throughout if you take the time to look for them and think about it.<br /><br />The movie starts off really well and you get a sense that this will be a nice psychological ride. I will admit, it is too bad it doesn't keep this up, but all the other elements of the film make up for it. As the mission slowly begins to disintegrate, the movie continues to build tension, you have no idea what is going to happen and how they are going to accomplish their mission. The crew slowly begin to turn on each other. With each mistake and disaster, more lives are lost and each death is beautifully done.<br /><br />**Spoilers** (But I expect my bro has already read spoilers)<br /><br />The death of Kaneda is one of the most beautiful and moving scenes I have seen. He has a lost look in his eyes as he watches the sun loom, and he was at peace for a moment, then suddenly he let out this horrific scream that really shook me.<br /><br />Beautiful and well done.<br /><br />The exploration of the first ship was also brilliant. The scene was very tense, and the flashes of the crew that melded with torchlight worked very well to build the tension either further.<br /><br />This is one of many gorgeous elements that find its way into this film.<br /><br />The movie towards the final act does that a turn and admittedly, not the best. I thought the stalker element a bit redundant - and it comes in just at the point where it doesn't need it, where the crew are starting to turn against each other. However, they do enough interesting things with Pinbacker (the stalker) that it does not ruin the film. In fact, there are some interesting things going on with Pinbacker to make it worthwhile. What is he? How does he seem to have super human strength? How did he survive that long with such constant exposure to sunlight?<br /><br />I think Pinbacker's just an example of the triumph of will, he's strong in the same way that insane people are. There are also some mythological resonances in regards to his character as he seems to be portrayed as a sun god, or some avatar of the sun.<br /><br />You see what happened to him a bit with the doctor. The doctor was becoming obsessed with light and trying to see ever increasing brightness. What they probably should have stuck with is his continued descent into madness and it seemed from the beginning that this is what they were going to do...but I guess they decided to skip right to the insane guy.<br /><br />Anyway, I imagine the constant exposure warped his mind to the point that he thought of the Sun, giver of all life, as a god (as ancient humans did). And if that god was dying,then it was humankind's destiny to die with it. So, not Satan or an angel of death, but an incarnation of a Sun god maybe determined to enact the will of the Sun, his new god.<br /><br />For him it was pointless for humankind to fight for survival, to struggle on and hang on to life...it was our time to go. It is somewhat nihilistic and I loved the statement he made when stabbing the botanist...\\"Don't struggle\\" (or something like that). Basically, he sees all human endeavors as pointless when compared to the power he has witnessed and there is no purpose for our continued existence...no point fighting the inevitable any longer.<br /><br />In the end, he just wanted to be alone with his god.<br /><br />Alex Garland who has also written 28 Days Later also seems to be playing on a similar theme that such apocalyptic events could simply be the world returning to normality, with us only being a speck on the timeline of history.<br /><br />All in all, it certainly has some flaws, but if you think about, there is a lot going on here and it is the kind of science fiction I would like to see more of. Something with great visuals and imagery, tension, and seeded with good ideas.on of a Sun god maybe determined to enact the will of the Sun, his new god.     For him it was pointless for humankind to fight for survival, to struggle on and hang on to life...it was our time to go. It is somewhat nihilistic and I loved the statement he made when stabbing the botanist...\\"Don't struggle\\" (or something like that). Basically, he sees all human endeavors as pointless when compared to the power he has witnessed and there is no purpose for our continued existence...no point fighting the inevitable any longer.     In the end, he just wanted to be alone with his god.     Alex Garland who has also written 28 Days Later also seems to be playing on a similar theme that such apocalyptic events could simply be the world returning to normality, with us only being a speck on the timeline of history.    All in all, it certainly has some flaws, but if you think about, there is a lot going on here and it is the kind of science fiction I would like to see more of. Something with great visuals and imagery, tension, and seeded with good ideas.
B000P2A256|5.0|Maroon5's Songs About Jane was a good album and it spawned several hits that got a lot radio play.  So when I saw this album in my local library, I decided to give it a try.  I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by this album.  It Won't Be Soon Before Long is so much better than Songs About Jane.  The CD has good flow and I like the up tempo beat for the songs.  I keep this album on my iPod all the time and listen to it a lot.  It is great album that is foot tapping and body moving.  Standout songs:  If I Never See Your Face Again, Makes Me Wonder, Little of Your Time, Won't Go Home Without You, and Back At Your Door.
B000UBMSB8|4.0|The only disappointment is that there isn't a section dedicated to missing scenes.  Other than that its a great buy.
B000AYELVU|4.0|This film maintains the standard set by its predecessor. The secret of both the first two movies is giving Sir Ian McKellan and Patrick Stewart plenty of screen time. Notionally Hugh Jackman as Wolverine is the lead character, and he is good, but it is the sometime Shakespearean actors who give these films the touch of class that many comic strip films lack. Add in the ever reliable Brian Cox and you actually have a classy cast.<br /><br />My favourite scene is Magneto's escape from his plastic prison, which is perhaps the highpoint of the film. This scene looks as if its came straight from the comic book form and it works perfectly on film as well. Bryan Singer, who also directed the first film, keeps the excitement levels high throughout, without going completely over the top.<br /><br />I felt the film was a little to long, but that aside, I found it an entertaining film that holds up to repeated viewings.
630542845X|1.0|I can't say, When i got the movie, It was striped. Sg I could'nt watch it.
074325144X|5.0|It does take some time to study and learn, but what great thing doesn't take time. The book has all the information, but I recommend taking the workshop and/or getting the DVD also. Even with pictures in the book the exercises and the running technique is much clearer when you can see someone else do it. You can keep building muscles and overcoming injuries, or you can change the way you run.
B000006045|4.0|This is one of the most amazing ablums I've heard in a while.  The song \\"Teardrop\\" alone is worth the price of this CD.      It provides you with a glorious landscape and much of it can be attributed to the former Cocteau Twins chantuesse Elizabeth Fraser.  Massive Attack owes much of the album's success to this woman.  Without her, this album would have gone virtually unnoticeable.  She is nothing short of a luminary on this album and Massive Attack knows it.  Any song she sings on including Black Milk and Group Four are the most compelling on the album.  Elizabeth Fraser is a perfect fit for Massive Attack.  And it shows.
0195170776|4.0|This is a good addition to my collection. I now own Oxford Rhyming Dictionary, Oxford's American Writers' Thesaurus, and now the New Oxford American Dictionary. I love its concise definitions and etymolgy.
B000YXMMAE|4.0|It is about time.  Really, it's about time Radiohead got away from the fame and the accolades and and just sat down and wrote some songs.  Some good songs.      I have been waiting patiently, OK not so patiently, since Radiohead, for these good men to come up with a follow-up to OK Computer (or anything for that matter).  Sure \\"Kid A\\" was, I guess, compelling and I guess \\"Amnesiac\\" was yet another diversion but then came along \\"Hail to the Thief\\" but then at that point I was worried.  Or more accurately, I was bored.  Mr. Yorke's \\"The Eraser\\" was good but then I was peeved these men were depriving me of good songs.      I'm spoiled. I admit it.  How could I not be with \\"The Bends\\" and \\"OK Computer\\" in my collection?  I am thoroughly thankful that Radiohead kept plodding along.      I was ready Radiohead to really start landing.  You know, landing with the kind of songs you want to tell people about.    Well, they have finally gone and done it.  This CD combines everything from OK Computer to Kid A to Amnesiac to Hail to the Thief.    I'm again finally pimping Radiohead to all who will listen.  This newest adventure is grand, elusive, beautiful, devastating, sad and hopeful all in one little bundle and all I have to say is that it is stunning.    The song \\"Reckoner\\" is a classic.  The idiot reviewer from Rolling Stone magazine pegged \\"House of Cards\\" as the odd-track-out but he could not have been more wrong, it's one of the stand-out tracks on the album.  It is weirdly beautiful and \\"Weird Fishes/Arpeggi\\" is simply amazing.    Amazing is what I would call this latest effort by Radiohead.  Please, do go out and actually buy this album.
B000Y7U98W|5.0|As a film Sunshine has some brilliant and wonderful moments of sci-fi goodness.... and devolves into a shoddy horror flick at the end.   Nevertheless, with so little high end science fiction in existence, this is pretty much a must have for any aficionado.    I originally saw Sunshine in 4k digital projection.  The exterior CG sequences were absolutely mind blowing!  And this beautifully done 1080 Blu Ray is nothing less short of stunning.   You can sit 4 feet in front of your TV and marvel at the detail - it takes me right back to that 4K projection.   Very little digital noise and blocking, incredible sound.   Definitely a WOW piece for your Blu Ray home theater.
B000V6BE6C|1.0|What happened to A7x? From what I recall, Waking the Fallen was an EXCELLENT album. Then came City of Evil, which marked the death of their talent.    This album is even worse than City of Evil, which I thought wasn't possible. Lame drums, riffs that were chewed and eaten in the 80's were puked back up for this one. This is just a prime example of how much influence MTV has on younger people today. If they say its metal, then it must be.
B000UJ24SC|4.0|I saw the Black Dahlia Murder live with The Red Chord a few months ago.  The show was completely sick, they tore the place apart.  Because of that, I decided to buy this album.  I love the music on this album, and you can definately tell these guys are talented.  The only negative thing I have to say about the album is that it is somewhat short.  I can listen to the entire album on a short drive and I just wish there were more tracks.  Regardless, this Album is a must-buy for all metalheads.
B000YA9R3C|4.0|There Will Be Blood (2007) - Paul Thomas Anderson    This review might be a little bit premature (it might even be unfair) because I saw the film in a relatively inebriated state.  Therefore, I will keep this review short and re-review the film after I watch it sober.  The one element that stood out the most to me was the amazing performance of Daniel Day-Lewis, which I definitely would consider as the leading performance of the year.  Lewis's ability to immerse himself in the mind of his character seems to me nearly unprecedented for a leading man.  Sure, a lot of actors play a variety of roles and do well in them.  Denzel Washington, Morgan Freeman, Jack Nicholson, etc. are all good examples.  However, although these talented performers play different roles on paper, they seem to be playing the same character on the screen.  In other words, they play their own personalities and selling points more than they play the character; instead of utterly transforming themselves into the character, they place their own personalities in the role and situation of the character.  Daniel Day-Lewis, however, is completely different.  Watch ANY movie that he is in and compare it to ANY other movie.  He is COMPLETELY different in every role, and when I say different, I mean that sometimes its even difficult to tell that it is him performing.  He seems to lose his sense of personality to the point where I don't even know what Daniel Day-Lewis's actual personality is like: He just embodies his characters at every possible level.  Now that, my friends, is acting.
B000002GBJ|4.0|To those few musicians who braved the gauntlet of criticism and carried its mantle, the so-called progressive rock era was the worst of all possible worlds.  Classical and jazz purists found little artistic value, much less integrity, in the music.  Likewise, rock purists routinely slammed prog rock as narcissistic and pretentious.  And Rick Wakeman was at the forefront of this maelstrom when he released \\"The Six Wives of Henry the VIII\\".    For a white suburban teenager like me in the 70's, this album was at once powerful, magical and (considering the steady diet of Beatles, Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin, and ZZ Top on AOR radio) rebellious.  Unfortunately, instrumental music didn't score many points with the chicks back then, either.      Today a fresh listen evokes a little shrug and a smile.  And my musician's ears won't allow me to ignore the meter and timing issues that commonly plague many rock tunes of that era.  Still, this is a strong musical statement from a keyboard virtuoso who elevated the synthesizer to new musical heights.     If you love the classical sonata form, have an appreciation for jazz subtleties, and enjoy the adrenaline rush of electrified rock, then this album is for you.  If nothing else, Rick Wakeman's \\"The Six Wives of Henry the VIII\\" is a seminal recording that deserves critical praise for ably achieving its ambitious goals.
B000GB2YHA|4.0|There are some cases where the critical consensus is dead-on, and there's no real need to argue with it. The consensus on Brothers and Sisters is that it's good, but a slight step down from the last three studio releases. And I've got no issue with that. Obviously, Duane Allman's unfortunate death contributed to how this is a bit weaker than what came before, though I don't think the songwriting's as strong - it hits some really high highs, and reaches some really low lows. There are two lows - everyone seems to love Dickey's acoustic country romp \\"Pony Boy\\", but it's never done much for me; Gregg's \\"Jelly Jelly\\", a smorgasboard of Chicago blues conventions, isn't a whole lot better.<br />So now I can get to the goods. There are five fantastic songs on this album, and even though you can hear four of them whenever you turn on the radio, they're still pretty good. I can assure you you've heard \\"Ramblin' Man\\", a breezy, charming country-rock classic with some really good soloing; you're probably also familiar with my favorite track on the album, the long, hook-filled instrumental \\"Jessica\\" (which is AWESOME on Guitar Hero II). The blues \\"Wasted Words\\" is pretty cool as well - great lyrics on that, for a first, and the piano and slide guitar... sweeeeeeeeeet. \\"Southbound\\" isn't AS good - the songwriting's a bit shaky there, and it's more an excuse to jam than anything else. But it's a good jam. So, hey, I won't complain too loud.<br />Then there's that other one, \\"Come and Go Blues\\". My god, THAT is a song-and-a-half. I know I said \\"Jessica\\" was my favorite, but scratch that, it's \\"Come and Go Blues\\". Great, modern-sounding organ part (as in \\"'90s-'00s modern\\"), and it's very melodic too. Great song, quite underrated. Worth buying the album for even if you've heard all the hits more times than you can take.<br />Everyone knows what happened next - Berry Oakley died in a motorcycle accident just a few blocks away from when Duane died. He was replaced by Lamar Williams, who also died in 1981, while the group was on hiatus. Lamar was, in turn, replaced by Allen Woody, who also died. Now THAT is weird. But, hey, good album! I certainly don't fit into the \\"this-was-their-last-good-album\\" school of thought, but good album!ied in 1981, while the group was on hiatus. Lamar was, in turn, replaced by Allen Woody, who also died. Now THAT is weird. But, hey, good album! I certainly don't fit into the \\"this-was-their-last-good-album\\" school of thought, but good album!
B00008J4P5|1.0|OK, while I'm in a good mood, I'll make this polite: Jack White can't hold a tune in a bucket, neither can Meg. A five-year-old could drum better than Meg White. This duo should be mown down with a truck for slaughtering a Bacharach/David classic.    This is one of the worst albums I have ever heard. I'm sticking with The Band until things improve... God help us all.
158270208X|5.0|this book made a great new years gift to my brothers and closet friends. I wanted to thank them for being there for me in 2007.
B000XA5K48|1.0|If I want to watch a John Woo movie, I'll watch a John Woo movie. This is just a bad, childish ripoff.
B000Y7U98C|5.0|Looking at the reviews for Sunshine, one thing to notice is that people either loved the movie or hated it. I think that is the hallmark of a great movie, to galvanize people's reactions to it. If you are looking for a complete technical explanation to every scientific aspect in the movie, then this is not for you. The movie doesn't coddle the audience -- it takes liberties with plausible scenarios and technologies because that is what SciFi does. And for those that are turned off by the 'credibility' issues, they should know that we have already designed with current technology spacecraft that can brave the brutal environment of the Sun --NASA's Solar Probe is designed to come within 1.5 million miles of the Sun, that's about 95% closer to the Sun than Mercury is, and it is where most of this movie takes place. But that is beside the point.    What this movie is really about is what all great SciFi stories focus on: how adversity in the face of unnatural challenges brings out the best, or worst, of mankind. The outlandish(?) plot provides the perfect backdrop to explore these great characters, their inner struggles and dynamics, when they are charged with a task that is so immense so as to make it overwhelming. The casting and acting was incredible; the cinematography and special effects make it believable instead of Hollywood-hokey. The soundtrack was quite impressive as well, too bad it is not available. If you prefer character-driven SciFi instead of being spoon-fed pulp for the masses, then look right here.
B000ASDFJU|5.0|Beautiful presentation of the DVD's of the entire series.  This is the kind of show you can watch over and over and not get sick of.  It's fun, touching, sexy, and VERY funny.
B000NA22C6|1.0|This is a great movie but it does not include either spanish audio or spanish subtitles. It stinks.
0060899220|5.0|Reading this has definitely made me think differently of chefs and kitchens, but in a good way!  I'm more inclined to try something \\"unusual\\" at an unknown restaurant than settling for the  usual chain restaurant after reading this book.  Plus the cooking tips definitely help!
B000N6TX22|1.0|Great movie but it does not include either spanish audio or spanish subtitles in HD version. What is happening with Universal Studios? Why do they include spanish subtitles in SD version and not in HD version. It stinks.
B0009X75RO|5.0|I first watched this movie because of my burgeoning love for the 1920s.  But it soon became my favorite movie (surpassing \\"Ghostbusters\\", which had been my favorite since 1984).<br /><br />The movie (unlike the musical theater production) has absolutely gorgeous costumes and goes into much more detail about the story so that you understand completely what is happening.  Rob Marshall did such an amazing job with this movie - the musical numbers being part of Roxie's imagination was a great touch.<br /><br />Catherine Zeta-Jones, Renee Zellweger, Richard Gere, Queen Latifah, and John C. Reilly were perfect in their roles (as were everyone else!).  I had no idea that most of these people could sing and dance like that!  Listening to the soundtrack gets me every time - those wonderful Kander and Ebb songs are sung so right on!<br /><br />I also love the Razzle Dazzle edition of the movie because of the awesome special features.  Going behind all the musical numbers and seeing rehearsals for them makes you realize just how much work went into this movie.  And I loved the Chita Rivera and Liza Minelli extras!<br /><br />This movie is just wonderful - it brings to life the original intent of Maurine Watkins' play with the beloved Kander and Ebb songs and stunning costumes and visuals.
B000QEIOTO|1.0|Great movie but it does not include either spanish audio or spanish subtitles in HD version. What is happening with Universal Studios? Why do they include spanish subtitles in standard dvd version and not in HD version. It stinks.
0345349571|3.0|I was drawn to this book primarily because Tuchman has unerringly been able to make obscure periods of history come alive with meaning and interest.  I was not overwhelmingly interested in the middle ages but I felt that if anyone could make the era interesting and entertaining it would be her.  To a certain extent the book was informative and enlightening, I came away with a much greater understanding of early European politics, social structure, and the emergence of the primacy of national identity.  Tuchman has always had an eye for the follies of human greed and ambition and the toll that it takes on humanity as a whole, and she hit the jackpot with this one.  Tuchman chronicles Dozens of territorial disputes power plays and idiotic wars that continue despite the most devistating plague in history. The battles heaped upon battles intermixed with revolutionary uprisings becomes irritating and confusing, not Tuchmans fault it just seems to be a sensless period in history.  If i was frustrated by the ridiculous deeds of the time and its pointless trajectory, i can only pity the folks that had to live them.
B000VWYJ8Q|1.0|Great movie but it does not include either spanish audio or spanish subtitles in HD version. What is happening with Universal Studios? Why do they include spanish subtitles in SD version and not in HD version. It stinks.
B000H2MTUA|2.0|After hearing so many positive things about the book and putting off reading it, I decided to read it several years after its publication and subsequent movie release.  Not having seen the movie yet, I was particularly curious about the book.<br /><br />I was miserable but nonetheless captivated for the first third of the book.  The details and imagery were very poignant even though the style of prose (e.g. very little use of punctuation or dialogue indicators) was a bit difficult to get used to.  There were several moments when I was moved quite nearly to tears with sympathy.<br /><br />However, shortly thereafter, I began to get weary of the story and noticed that it did not seem to be going anywhere.  Furthermore, the older he got, the more I found myself disliking the narrator.  By the end, his endless ramblings about masturbation marathons and worse finally convinced me that I may finish the book but I certainly wasn't going to like it.<br /><br />I would not recommend this book.
B000SO7OL6|3.0|When the advertisement for this greatest hits CD came out saying it had 2 cuts not available anywhere, it sounded pretty good as I already had all of her stuff.  Imagine my disappointment when I discovered it was only 2 alternate tracks from another of her CD's instead of something original. I feel a little ripped off.  Unless you do not have any other Diana Krall in your set, don't waste your money on this...
B000F0UV0E|4.0|Two seasoned voices that blend superbly.  This live production is very clean acoustically. The videography is straight forward and leaves the purity of Knopfler and Harris' songs to stand on their own.  The age in their voices is sometimes noticable but only adds to the poignancy of several songs such as \\"If This Is Goodbye\\".  The opening song \\"Right Now\\" grabs you into the artistry and uniqueness of Knopfler's sound and the talent of the band he assembled.
0385472951|4.0|This book is one of Grishams best.  It is a fast pased book about disapearing with the Money.  The Book starts with the main character being caught after 5 years in hiding, and speeds off from there.  Not everyone will enjoy the ending, but the ride was well worth it.
015603283X|5.0|The cover states \\"A cross between Umberto Eco and Anne Rice\\" which is a very good description. Beautifully written, with wonderful visual images this book just sweeps you along on the thrilling twists and turns of the story.  Not everything is explained yet the clues are there for the reader to have the pleasure of the \\"Aha!\\" moment as you understand yet another twist of the tale.    This is a very satisfactory read.  I devoured it in two days and then after a week of thinking about what went on, reread it with even more pleasure.  Someone once said you can tell a great painting because everytime you look at it you see something new.  I can already tell when I reread The Club Dumas in six months or a year I will find even more in the story.    (By the way, the movie \\"The Ninth Gate\\" starring Johnny Depp was made from this novel.  The movie is very good but covers less than half of the book.)
B000CFLFX4|4.0|Very lightweight and maneuverable.  It sweeps up a variety of debris (such as popcorn kernels, which my vacuum just knocks around) from floors and low-pile carpet.  Very, very easy to use for quick cleanups and light once-overs.  Fun for kids to use, and small toys when picked up are easily rescue-able.    On the minus side: it doesn't vacuum, it sweeps, and the brushes must be kept clean.  The debris cup is small and fills up quickly.  It gets hung up on rug fringe.  My kids turned it over while running and it sprayed everything from the dirt catcher *everywhere*.
B000001EC1|4.0|Jon Bon Jovi grew up in my hometown of Sayreville, New Jersey so I'm a little biased because I do have pride in the fact that Jon Bon Jovi is still rocking since the 1980s with his band. Few bands or groups have lasted as long with the same popularity. This compact disc also features Alec Such who was dismissed by the band beacuse of his performance. Jon Bon Jovi has dabbled in his own music and an acting career. He has also married his high school sweetheart, Dorothea Hurley, and fathered four children with her. The other bandmates like Richie Sambora have done other things but the band always comes back together to rock. THe songs on this compact disc are great ballads like Wanted: Dead or Alive about life on the road, Livin on a Prayer, Bad Medicine, You Give Love a Bad Name, an earlier hit named Runaway, Lay Your Hands on Me, Never Say Goodbye which was a high school song for most graduating classes including my own, etc. This compact disc has 14 of it's greatest hits all here on one disc. IT's a great bargain for the price. The enclosed information includes the songs from all the other albums listed  there. It's quite useful information in purchasing other of their compact discs.
B000OYCN98|5.0|this is a much better mix than the previous cd which had numerous cuts .this is the actual record as recorded. I have just read Carol Clerks' book The saga of Hawkwind and the chapter relating to nik turners awful sax playing ,it ruins the bonus track orgone accumulator ! Otherwise its a gem               love to all
B0011TQLA2|5.0|In Rainbows is one of the best albums I have ever heard. Knowing now how good it really is, I would have gladly paid double for it.
B000W07EKW|5.0|This was an awesome buy I dont regret it the package is very slim and the movies are great I loved it. And it came fast.      Me encanto esto cuando llego trajo todo y el paquete esta super es bien bonito y llego rapido.
1594481717|2.0|As a dominantly left-brained thinker, Daniel Pink's book, A Whole New Mind, Why Right Brainers Will Rule the Future, sent chills through my confidence. His theory states left brained thought processes will be accomplished faster and more efficiently by computers or stolen by outsource recipients. I thought this book was a new type of thinking, but redundant and too abstract for the time. Pink mentions six senses that give a competitive edge, only two of which even remotely relate to the topic at hand. Read this book for information purposes, not pleasure. It was an easy read, but was not engaging; by the seventh chapter I was bored.
B000QUCNOK|1.0|Wait, you mean this movie was only 2 and a half hours long? Well it SEEMED like five.  What a dud.  Stupid story, too long, slow, and dull.  I'd give it zero stars if I could.
B00000I07Q|4.0|This is one of Bon Jovi's better albums with songs like Living In Sin, Lay Your Hands On Me, and Bad Medicine. It was it's post success from Slippery When Wet. I have a soft spot for Jon Bon JOvi and the band because I'm from his hometown. The album is a great tribute to New Jersey but the album cover should have a picture or a map of the state itself. It was one of the first times that I was ever proud to be from New Jersey.
0783240287|5.0|I found this to be one of the most beautiful pieces that I have ever seen.  Marcia Freidman as the narrator is superb!  I have looked for other works of hers based on this performance.  I can't get the songs out of my head!
B000MRAAJM|4.0|This is the most stunning and most extensive documentary you can find about our planet. This 11 part documentary comes in 4 Blu-Ray discs covering 11 aspects of our planet(ie Mountains, Freshwater, Deserts, Jungles etc.).<br /><br />As many reviewers say, this documentary is very gorgeous(for the most part). One that you could use to show off your new HDTV. Its scope is very extensive and some of the wildlife footages have never been seen before.<br /><br />The biggest gripe that i have about this transfer is that not all footage was shot in HD(As stated in the box). Also, some footages have a blinking sort of video noise(an example would be the footage of Angel falls on the first disc, 3rd episode). I've only seen the first disc but hopefully thats the only episode that has those imperfections.<br /><br />Another reason why i gave it 4 stars is the lack of features. For a Blu Ray version, which boasts dual layer 50GB discs and a handful of ways to present special features, i was surprised to not find any. I heard Behind the scenes footage and another documentary was on the standard definition version.<br /><br />All in all, this is a must buy if you live on Earth.
B000K15VSA|5.0|There is almost a riduculous amount of information in the 5-disc set.  I didn't imagine that much of it still existed.  The Spinner replica is NOT the small ERTL car - it's closer to 4 inches long.  The case is modelled after the case that carried the Voight-Kammpf device.  And the price is quite resonable...until the first editions have all been sold!
0307346609|1.0|The original zombie films created by Romero that started the Zombie craze always had a 'message' in the subtext. The venality, prejudice and stupidity of humans are the real enemy. The zombies are us.     But Romero understood that such messages really only have artistic merit if they lie in the subtext, respecting the intelligence of the audience. Moving the message to the text is only for the vulgar. Unfortunately, Mr Brooks is something of a vulgarian and can't help himself from writing what at times reads like a bad rant on alt.politics.    The writing style is dead, with no ability to speak with a different voice. The characters interviewed tend to be nothing more than 2-dimensional projections of Mr. Brooks prejudices. A particularly grating element, given the nature of the book, is his portrayal of soldiers. Mr Brooks comes across as someone who has heard that soldiers exist, and has even seen them on TV, but has never actually met one. It's almost like watching some bizarre and twisted minstrel show performed by white actors who've never met a real african-american. All they can do is repeat all the stereotypes they've heard as their ignorant prejudices constitute the sum of their knowledge.    The technical elements are laughably bad. As an example, he mentions that artillery wouldn't be effective because zombies aren't hurt by hydrostatic shock. The minute you start throwing out details like that you really need to be sure you know what you're talking about Mr. Brooks. Sadly, reading snippets of Tom Clancy novels and watching old episodes of MASH doesn't constitute actual research, and certainly provides little understanding. Mr Brooks, the main 'killing' effect of artillery is shrapnel, which would work just fine on zombies. There's a reason why soldiers wear helmets, but I guess I can't expect Mr. Brooks to know that.    If the narrative had been compelling I might have overlooked some of the these faults, but the narrative is dry, sparse, and dull. Sorry Mr Brooks, I suggest you go back to writing bad comedy skits for SNL.
6305882592|5.0|What a treasure this is.  Ruth Gordon is fantastic.  This movie deserves deluxe treatment.  One of my all time favorite films.
B0012X3DAS|5.0|I have to say that I found the show to be a pleasant diversion from the doldrums of reality TV. I watched with great interest being that I am a Terminator fan, and I have to say that it's a departure that I'm in favor of. I like the fact that they didn't go for the copy of Arnold or try like hell to be as good as the movie. I think this one takes a departure that is worth waiting for. You want to know how Summer Glau's character is different from other Terminator Models.<br /><br />Some of the plot they borrowed from one of the Terminator Books that I read, but that's ok. I liked that book. I guess that I would say that I hope they allow the show to unfold enough to find its audience. I'm glad TV has not forgotten us Sci-Fi nuts and put something out there that I find watchable.<br /><br />I look forward to seeing what's going to happen.
B000VAPZM2|5.0|This was a great movie!  With lots of fun dances to learn and songs to sing;  my daughter loves it!!
B0000CDLA7|4.0|This is certainly no [[ASIN:B000002JPA I&W]] or [[ASIN:B000002JKA Awake]], but at least it's not a step backward to their first album.<br /><br />As with all their newer stuff, there's bound to be some parts not everyone will enjoy. The band is evolving and always will be evolving, and many of their songs can be looked at as experiments; mostly they succeed, but sometimes they don't--at least to me. So there are a few songs I don't listen to much and some that I keep repeating so often I burned a nice ridge in my CD.<br /><br />Here's my take on each song:<br /><br />As I Am - Great opening song! Sort of reminds me of early Sabbath, slow and heavy. Good lyrics, great solo's, nice drumwork.<br /><br />This Dying Soul - Reminds me of classic DT, with overlapping solos and a tight rhythm. Love how it brings in pieces from the [[ASIN:B00005UEAR Six Degrees]] album. Great ending! Really cool song!<br /><br />Endless Sacrifice - An okay, song. Certainly not the best on the album. Can almost hear Portnoy falling asleep as he's playing.<br /><br />Honor Thy Father - Possibly their best song EVER! Killer drumwork, rhythm patterns, guitar, and lyrics too! Has that middle part with audio clips (similar to `Space Dye Vest, The Great Debate, ) that go perfectly with the song, and I really enjoy how they mix that in there.<br /><br />Vacant - If you're a fan of LaBrie's vocals, you'll love this song. Sort of a `duet' with Rudess, but very unlike `Space Dye Vest.' A sleeper.<br /><br />Stream Of Consciousness - Great instrumental track! So good to get a break from LaBrie's vocals, as it would have only ruined this song. Have to admit, the end gets kind of tiresome, but still good.<br /><br />In The Name of God - A good song, but has its moments where it drags, especially during the chorus and ending. But great solos and instrumental section, kind of reminds me of `Trial of Tears.'<br /><br />Great album overall. Didn't get a perfect score because there are moments where the songs just dragged on too much, and I felt it didn't work well. I understand that's the concept of progression, but it was just too slow at times for me. Worth it for 'Honor Thy Father' alone, but the other songs offer something to hold on to.he concept of progression, but it was just too slow at times for me. Worth it for 'Honor Thy Father' alone, but the other songs offer something to hold on to.
0765318741|1.0|I received this book for Christmas from one of my children because I had said that the movie looked interesting and I wanted to read the book first.  What I though was a 300+ page fiction thriller is a 170 page half baked silly story about vampires followed by a group of uninteresting short storied.  Guess I won't bother with the movie.  After reading three of the \\"short stories\\", I don't think I can even find the interest to finish the book.  I'm really bummed (especially since I'm at my evening job with nothing else with me to read).
B00005LC1H|5.0|John Cleese is brilliant in this series, all the episodes are very well done.  I bought this for my mother at Christmas, and we watch it all the time.  The lines are geniusly laid out and it really is a great, worthwhile series to own.
0385334176|4.0|The story of Rudy Waltz lacks a traditional plot but contains a very palpable mood of depression and sadness, setting the tone for what Vonnegut seems to have had in mind -- one man's simple recollections of a life that wasn't much worth living in the first place.    Rudy Waltz becomes Deadeye Dick when he accidentally shoots and kills a pregnant woman, and for the rest of the story, characters are haunted -- some moreso than others -- by how the outside world perceives them, and how the relations they've had and the decisions they've made come to define them.  Waltz is forever known as Deadeye Dick by the people of Midland City, a label he can only shake when he leaves Ohio for New York City.  Only then does he realize that Deadeye Dick has become who he is, and he doesn't know how to operate otherwise.    Meanwhile, Rudy's father can never escape his past friendship with Hitler and his innocent support of Nazism, as well as his reputation as a failed painter devoid of talent.  Rudy's brother is defined by the booming voice that carried him to the top of his industry and crashing back down to the bottom, as well as his penchant for divorce.  He eventually reveals the loveless disconnect he's felt with his parents throughout his life.  Most tragically, Celia Hoover, the pretty girl pursued throughout life because of her looks, wishes she never came to be known for her beauty and prefers a face that would better match how rotten she feels on the inside.    Without a real plot supporting it, Deadeye Dick comes to a rather quiet ending.  Considering how Rudy Waltz described life as nothingness interrupted by sounds and light before disappearing into nothingness again, such a lifeless conclusion by Vonnegut symbolized Rudy Waltz most effectively.
B000TX7B5U|4.0|After having gone on the SOAD crash course this summer, I was looking forward to Tankian's solo album, if only for the exercise of trying to figure out which member of SOAD was most responsible for the nonsensical lyrics.  Apparently it's not Tankian.  Despite the \\"Honking Antelope\\" title, all of the tracks on \\"Elect the Dead\\" actually make sense - a great rarity in SOAD's previous efforts.<br /><br />Lacking from Elect the Dead are SOAD's rhythms, creative guitar work, and vocal acrobatics.  Present are well-structured songs and a slight decrease in the amount of political posturing.<br /><br />\\"Lie Lie Lie\\" is probably the best overall song on this CD, of which about 1/2 of the songs are worthwhile and the other 1/2 are filler.  There is an overuse of piano of the vaudeville type (hello my honey, hello my baby, hello my ragtime gal), but it works particularly well on Lie Lie Lie.  \\"Money\\" is another excellent cut - and one of the clearest places on the disk where Tankian is able to replicate the harmonic signature of SOAD.<br /><br />Perhaps the most shocking thing about this CD is that the jacket contains a picture of a man I presume to be Serj Tankian.  Only he looks suspiciously like Bhorat.  This is disturbing on many levels.
B000002H97|2.0|This started the downfall for Metallica, one of my favorite bands until this piece of donkey-hair came out.<br /><br />The songs were so overplayed you didn't need to buy the album (and I played it several times myself, gotta point the finger at me too).<br /><br />This was the beginning where they really softened up, yet embraced the media like a crack addict. With touring for 3 years straight, pushing videos, documentaries, live albums, performances on Arsenio Hall, MTV, Metallica made enough money that they should have retired.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000002HMH Load]] & [[ASIN:B000002HRE Reload]] were better, and [[ASIN:B00000FCBC Garage, Inc.]] beat all three, but I gave this one 2 stars because it was at least better than their newest piece of garbage [[ASIN:B00008OWZG St. $#!T]].
B00049QNMG|5.0|I must disagree with the other reviewer. The audio on this is WELL WORTH it. That is, IF, you can find this version anywhere!<br /><br />Clarity like you've never heard before.
B000001ESF|5.0|I am of the opinion that this 1976 album of progressive heavy metal finds Rush at the beginning of a creative peak that would continue into 1981.  At the very least, the 1976 through 1981 period, i.e., 2112 through Moving Pictures, is certainly their proggiest.<br /><br />The lineup on 2112 includes Geddy Lee (lead vocals, Rickenbacker 4001 bass guitar, mini-moog synthesizer); Alex Lifeson (electric and acoustic guitars); and Neil Peart (drums and percussion).  Joining the group is Hugh Syme (Mellotron [with string setting] on Tears).  Other pieces of equipment used on the album (purportedly) include the use of an Echoplex (tape loop) on the 2112 suite.  Hearing the Mellotron on Tears was always a real pleasure and lends that track emotional sophistication - along with filter sweeps generated on the mini-moog, this is very proggy sounding stuff. The ensemble work on 2112 shows increased sophistication over previous efforts.  Of course, Geddy's high pitched heavy metal vocal style really works on this album (I like his vocals) and his use of (vocal) dynamics on the 2112 suite is pretty good.<br /><br />The tracks on 2112 include the massive 20:37 multi-movement 2112 suite and five shorter tracks that are mostly in the 3-4 minute range.  The 2112 suite is a great example of progressive heavy metal that features some very proggy ensemble work and spacey interludes - I also especially like the futuristic setting and the sci-fi \\"vibe of 2112.  The suite also features some of the most Ayn Rand-influenced set of lyrics by Neil and represents the band's interpretation of some of Rand's philosophies (as expressed in her work of science fiction entitled Anthem, published in 1938) - Rand was not too fond of \\"collectivism\\" and I think that this piece tries to express that.  Although the 2112 suite is the centerpiece of the album, I also appreciate the shorter tracks and place the moody, mellotron-heavy Tears among some of my favorite Rush tunes.  The Twilight Zone is another quieter piece that is also very enjoyable.  Of course, just like everybody else, I liked Passage to Bangkok and the sophisticated hard rock of the blazing track Something for Nothing.<br /><br />This remastered album is great and features the original album cover art and the lyrics to each tune.  The sound quality is also very good.<br /><br />All in all, this is a fine album by Rush and is recommended along with A Farewell to Kings (1977), Hemispheres (1978), Permanent Waves (1980) and Moving Pictures (1981).at is also very enjoyable.  Of course, just like everybody else, I liked Passage to Bangkok and the sophisticated hard rock of the blazing track Something for Nothing.    This remastered album is great and features the original album cover art and the lyrics to each tune.  The sound quality is also very good.    All in all, this is a fine album by Rush and is recommended along with A Farewell to Kings (1977), Hemispheres (1978), Permanent Waves (1980) and Moving Pictures (1981).
B000LPQ6DE|4.0|This film is very good. It's well-paced, includes the most important parts of the novel, boasts great set design, and captures the semi-Gothic mood of the novel very well. The real gem of the piece, however, is Ruth Wilson as Jane.    She is the best Jane I have ever seen: grave, able to sit utterly still, and with the most expressive eyes I've ever seen as well. Much of the novel's introspective narrative actually surfaces on-screen thanks to her expressions. When Rochester tells her that her eyes could pry secrets from the dead, I believe him, and agree. The actress perhaps laughs too much for Jane, though as someone said she has a \\"Mona Lisa smile\\" that is very appropriate. If you can't tell, I fell in love with her alongside Rochester for her perfectly patient, innocent and clear gaze, as well as for her beautiful emotional range. Her serenity is so constant and perfect for most of the film that when she cried, my heart broke for her.    Toby Stephens is unfortunately not as excellent. He's fine, and the two do have chemistry. But he is far too gay, and in his \\"dark\\" moods just looks wibbly. He's also too good-looking and young-looking to play the part, and unlike Timothy Dalton had no intensity to make up for it. His performance was on the whole unremarkable.    The supporting cast is largely unremarkable, too. The high points were Grace Poole and Bertha Mason--well, the latter is sheer genius. The directors went with a very different version of a madwoman than we see in other movies or in the novel, and this version is far more realistic.    On the whole, the movie is very good. It captures the whole story, if not the themes, of the novel. If for no other reason, I recommend watching it to enjoy Ruth Wilson playing such a wonderful interpretation of Jane.
B0000047GA|4.0|I agree with what's been said.  Tony should never have attempted to become a vocalist.  But it might have been more tolerable had the lyrics not been so embarrassing!  The music, however, is a trip.  On balance it's a worthwhile purchase.  Check out Saudades by Trio Beyond for a tribute to this band, with *no* vocals.
0440229081|5.0|Skellig is mixture of storytelling, setting, character and mystical brilliance. Michael finds the strange creature while exploring his family's new home, a dilapidated English country house. Oh, but the story is not just about this mysterious creature, interesting as it is. There is Mina, Michael's intelligent and creative home-schooled neighbor. Mina introduces Michael to the colors of a blackbird, the nesting habits of owls as well as the poetry of William Blake. They talk about mythology, evolution, pomegranates and Michael's fears about his new baby sister who is terribly ill and doesn't have a name yet. Together Michael and Mina help Skellig who bestows his thanks on the two by showing them something remarkable. The writing is captivating, concise and dreamy at the same time. No wasted or boring sentences anywhere. This book is listed for ages 9-12 who I think will enjoy it on one level but there is more to be taken from this little gem by high school students and adults.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|After I read this book, and LOVED it, I saw an old movie of it. I was so disappointed. It was not at all equal to such a fabulous book. Recently I'd heard fo this movie. The reviews were good so I bought it. I wasn't disappointed. By far the best movie of Jane Eyre that I've seen. Very heartwarming and even much of the wording is the same as the book. I was very very pleased. It's a keeper. At last a movie to equal the book.
0321525655|5.0|For years now I've been doing presentations and giving lectures all around Israel and most of the Ideas in this book were implemented in a more intuitive way, however, reading this book was a boost I didn't think I could give - From designing the slides and back to the drawing board, this book sharpned every and each aspect of my lectures.
B00013RC8O|2.0|The reason I bought this movie is because of the Audioslave music video where they're paying homage.  I didn't realize that the movie was going to have random naked lady scenes, and my being a lady made it kind of awkward and embarrassing to watch.  Especially where this girl rides around naked on her motorcycle for 20 minutes and isn't shy about her body.  So I can't recommend it because not only was the movie a little confusing, but I just don't like any kind of porn.
B000002B7S|4.0|Sharon Osbourne...what can I say. A very sad choice to tamper with the first three albums. Three heavy-metal classic, destroyed! I only hope that the original will someday resurface. But anyways. This album open with an extremely catchy, heart pounding title track. This is actually my favorite Ozzy song! Jake E. Lee is awesome on guitar! Jake E. Lee is an amazing guitarist! I'm not gonna compare him to Randy Rhodes. It's unfair, first of all, because they are two completely different guitarists. Randy Rhodes...a beautifully amazing guitar player. His work on Blizzard and Diary are awesome, awe-inspiring, and undoubtedly an innovative,inspirational piece to guitar players/shredders, heavy metal devotees, etc. This album features a few ballads, but all in all...this is a good album. Considering this album was recorded and release less than a year after the loss of dear friend and guitarist Randy Rhodes, he was very composed here...a lot of stuff going on! Look for the 1995 remastered version only (the the small album cover in the center and the gray-swirly border), it sounds great and best of all...it is UNTAMPERED (not a remix!)! Just take a listen the opening shows you how talented Jake E. Lee, and if you compare him to Randy Rhodes, acknowledge that Jake is a VERY talented guitarist who happened to join the band after Randy's death, he wasn't involved with it, or hoping for it, it happened, the opportunity arose to join a band led by a man who had already been a part of rock/metal history. Once again take a listen to this album, look for a used one on Ebay or amazon...finding this new will be pretty hard, as it has been out-of-print for nearly six years now, it will be worth the effort, believe me. AND REMEMBER...DON'T COMPARE JAKE E. LEE TO RANDY RHODES!!!! Check out Jake E. Lee on the follow-up \\" The Ultimate Sin\\". The Ultimate Sin, by the way, is out-of-print in the US...in any form! I actually found a copy,brand new on tower.com(the US 1995 Remastered version),to release my scratched 10 year old CD. [...]
B000N4SHOE|5.0|[[ASIN:B000N4SHOE Miss Potter]]  This movie warms the heart and soul.  It refreshes our sense of direction.
1401300529|4.0|There is nothing new in this book on Korea, but Halberstam's presentation is excellent.  Fortunately for the reader a good review of the American position in the immediate pre-war Korea and the behind-the-scenes political intrigue of the Chinese and North Korean military leaders is worth the price of this book.  Mr. Halberstam always gets his digs in when he writes is books.  The comment on President Bush's handling of the Iraq conflict is unfortunate but true to his political persuasion.  His earlier book on the Vietnam War, The Best And Brightest, had similar digs, but for a Democratic administration, so at least he passes his digs around.    The book teaches us all a lesson in that we must ALWAYS be prepared for war.  We have been attacked too many times by people who hate us.  To allow the military to demilitarize like they did prior to Korea and after the mess in Vietnam where military leadership was at its lowest level only provides an opening for others to put a black eye on our country.  And like Korea and Vietnam, the persons who pays the price for our political and military ineptitude are our American service personnel.
B00003CX5P|2.0|What I want to say is that I really, really tried to love this movie, OK? I made a real effort. LOL.<br /><br />Now, I watched Episode 1 more than once, so I didn't hate it. Each time, as with viewing any film multiple times, certain things would stick out or grab me more than others. Some aspects of the story, certain special effects or visuals, the music, dialog, specific characters, etc.,whatever, would be more prevalent, more on my mind, more in focus.<br /><br />Anyway. Alright, the two things that I could not accept, that just to me are virtually impossible to ignore are:<br /><br />1. Jar Jar appearing in the movie __as MUCH as he does__.<br />2. Darth Maul appearing in the movie __as LITTLE as he does__.<br /><br />Also --and maybe this is #3-- would definitely be the way Darth Maul dies. Nope, sorry do NOT, can not buy that. Look, he just stands there. Go back and watch it if you'd like -- Darth Maul stares at Obi Wan with a frown on his face, sees Obi Wan looking over to the side staring at a light saber, and then watches as the young Jedi flies up from the shaft -right in front of him- and then comes down on his(Maul's) other side. OK, watch it again if you feel this is nit picking at all. It's absurd, __especially since Darth Maul is portrayed, in the few scenes he is in, as a total bad a**!__ What was Maul doing? He literally just stands there and then after Obi Wan lands he slowly turns around and doesn't even make a move.<br /><br />Back to #1 and #2: I know, I understand Jar Jar is for the children. Fine, I got it. But, man, we all could have done with a bit less of that character. Also, they coulda toned it down a couple of times -- as for example when they are at the dinner table. You know the scene.. I thought, OMG, \\"he's actually ruining the movie\\". But I would have been fine with Jar Jar if he had a smaller role. #2 What the *****? Remember those AWESOME PREVIEWS with Maul in them looking so freaking bad? He was barely in the movie and instead a retarded children's comic relief imbecile was the star.<br /><br />Now, look, I am familiar with the tendency, ESPECIALLY for fans, or what would be better described as SUPER-FANS to rationalize away the flaws, ample flaws, of these films. I am also aware of the common tendency to be overly critical of the movies. So, I hope that I am not simply coming across as overly critical here. All I wanted to bring up is that in watching this movie a bunch of times I could let slide a lot of stuff, but not everything.<br /><br />Hope you enjoyed my two cents and let's hope future Star Wars stories are better, and are told better as well. Lucas created something special, something that I think grew larger and is greater than his ability to handle. God I wish he'd let Spielberg direct.ecile was the star.    Now, look, I am familiar with the tendency, ESPECIALLY for fans, or what would be better described as SUPER-FANS to rationalize away the flaws, ample flaws, of these films. I am also aware of the common tendency to be overly critical of the movies. So, I hope that I am not simply coming across as overly critical here. All I wanted to bring up is that in watching this movie a bunch of times I could let slide a lot of stuff, but not everything.     Hope you enjoyed my two cents and let's hope future Star Wars stories are better, and are told better as well. Lucas created something special, something that I think grew larger and is greater than his ability to handle. God I wish he'd let Spielberg direct.
1400064287|4.0|I think few books have done so much to improve my basic communication skills as this. While the ideas are not exactly new or revolutionary, they do represent the basic building blocks. As such, I found the book to be an excellent checklist.    The book itself was amusing and an easy read. The discussions were studded with plenty of examples that will \\"stick\\", even if the abstract principle, or the academic research backing it up does not.     Both useful and fun. Highly recommended.
B00000DHTF|5.0|Very, very good music.  At the beginning I thought this was the typical kind of barroom-music rubbish, only for the real freaks.  But no, these are really very good songs, lots of them worthy of being publicated on the first LPs. The problem is, he wrote so many good songs in such a short time, that he had to chose between good and even better songs.  This is definitely a must have for all Bruce Springsteen fans, and it's a pleasure to listen to new songs in the 21st Century, with the quality of the much younger Bruce.
B000Y1ZXU2|5.0|A complete CGI video, co-directed by Adam Jones and Alex Grey (Tool fans surely know who they are). The aestethic for Vicarious is the same of Tool previous videos, multiplied by 10,000. If you understand the story of the video, please, write it in a review. If you don't understand it, don't worry. The images are so spectacular, that it wouldn't mind at all.    The packaging of the DVD has incorporated the same glasses that 10,000 days, with some 3D still photos from the video. Really cool    The extras, well: A 40min documentary of how the video was made, how complicated it was and why it took so long. Kinda silly audio commentary by David Cross. A short preview of Alex Grey's \\"Chapel of Sacred Mirrors\\", and a buch of the storyboards for the video.    Not so much music as you would expect, but it worth the price. And the quality of the product, certainly meets the Tool standards
B000YABV90|5.0|A modern day fairy tale about thwarted love and a gifted orphan musician in search of his parents. If you really love to sing or play an instrument, or you were adopted, you'll probably love this film. This movie stirred something in me that has long lay dormant. At times my heart felt so full I was wondering if I could stand it. As Evan says in the movie, \\"The music is everywhere. All you have to do is listen.\\"<br /><br />Poor hubby, to whom music is just noise, was bored but not me! Sweet and sentimental and romantic with an awesome musical score. I absolutely loved it!
0061251305|5.0|When I first received the book I was quite skeptical about tribal interactions in the workplace. How could a tribe control social interaction at the workplace? How does a leader or even the average employee benefit from a tribe? Needless to say, I had a lot of questions going into the book.    They were all answered.    This was definitely one of the best leadership books I have read. All of the examples were real-life stories of companies highlighting the different stages of each of the tribes.    Here's an example of the different stages.     Stage One runs the show in criminal clusters, like gangs and prisons, where the theme is \\"life stinks,\\" and people act out in despairingly hostile ways.      Stage Two, the dominant culture in 25 percent of workplace tribes, says, in effect, \\"my life stinks,\\" and the mood is a cluster of apathetic victims.    In Stage Three, the dominant culture in almost half of U.S. workplace tribes, the theme is \\"I'm great\\" or, more fully, \\"I'm great, and you're not.\\"    Stage Four represents 22 percent of tribal cultures, where the theme is \\"we're great,\\"and another group isn't.     Stage Five is the culture of 2 percent of the workforce tribes, where the theme is \\"life is great\\" and focuses on realizing potential by making history.    The authors (Dave Logan, John King and Halee Fischer-Wright) have definitely a winner on their hands.    Get this book. Learn how different tribes interact and prepare yourself for the next great adventure. \\"Life is Great.\\"
B000BJS4OY|4.0|As a big fan of Bruce this collector-item is \\"must have\\".<br />It's a nice concert, but the sound (voice) is far away from the extreme high level of the 1975-1985 concert. Anyway, it's nice to have on DVD a concert of his starting years, 33 years ago.<br />BTR is (one of) the best LPs/CDs of Bruce, and it's nicely put on a \\"small LP lookalike\\" CD.<br />Besides, with the so devaluated dollar, it was quite cheap for my few european euros.
0972169504|5.0|If you ever were to grad school, this comic strip is for you. The situations, the dialogs, everything, are taken directly from real-life (actually, from grad-students-life, that barely can qualify as life). Great gift for your advisor...
B0000542D2|4.0|I'm middle aged so I guess thats why I liked this from the first time I saw it. Being a Beatles fan from the beginning of time. However this purchase was for my 16 year old Daughter, who is a bigger fan of the \\"Fab Four\\" than I ever was. I'm assuming that this is the \\"Retro Phase\\" that today's youth are experiencing, and I'm glad in a way because I've always been of the opinion that yesterday's music is much better than a lot of the recent trends that is considered music today. Some of these current artist's scare me a little with their lack of musical talent, and their constant re-recording of earlier artists/true musicians works, and making money off of someone else's efforts.     I will always love the Beatle's work, and am glad to see their early   creations recorded for todays technology.
B000002KIQ|4.0|This is definitely not jazz and the title is thus misleading but, to be fair, at the 20s, the era from which Cooder takes inspiration for this album, the word \\"jazz\\" had quite a different (not only wider) meaning.<br /><br />Bix Beiderbecke, for instance, had a \\"dayjob\\" in the slick orchestra of Paul Whiteman; that orchestra is nowdays not considered as a jazz orchestra, but Whiteman was at the time known as \\"The King of Jazz\\", which nowdays sounds downright ridiculous...<br /><br />However, although this is a nice ecclectic piece of popular music, I think that \\"Nobody\\" and some other songs are a bit overblown; neither pastiche nor independent musical construct...
B000W1AOHG|5.0|AMAZING.  Drake is a musical genius.  He speaks to the soul and speaks of truth.  Speaks of life, speaks of death.  All encompassing GOD.
B000O178BY|5.0|Trent did it again. This concept album is excellent. The Alternative Reality Game (ARG) that preceded its release was also excellent. The political background of a post-apocalyptical not-so-far future, every song telling a piece of the story, that completes the information given by the ARG. It will blow your mind    Also, the CD is thermosensitive. It changes from black to white, revealling some codes that also are into the ARG.
B0002CHIJW|1.0|this is one of the lamest movies i have ever seen, the plot, acting, action, drama, all could be summed up as  a teaspoon full of good in an ocean of horrIBLE!  they should burn this movie, in a big pile with all the other lame flicks and save the disc they burned it on.  really people, you could solve world hunger with the money these people make on lame A@@ Sh&*t like this.  i hate the guy who recommended this movie, and may god have mercy on his soul!!!!!!!!
B000TKW3E2|5.0|Atonement's visuals are lavish, lush and yet have strong sense of melancholy. Dario's score is absolutely gorgeous. There are no \\"action cues\\" of timpani and trumpet bombast; instead he uses the rythmn of a typewriter and classical strings to imbue a sense of forboding. The score fits seamlessly into the movie in ways remeniscent of the Lord of the Rings Complete versions, from the repeated typewriter motif to the harmonica theme and of course the highlight of the score, Elegy for Dunkirk. If you like beautiful, innovative music in a different vein from most sweeping strings and blaring brass scores, this is one you will love.
0099457164|1.0|I believe Grisham wanted to pay for a trip to Italy and so, somewhat half-heartedly, wrote this book.  Not a very worthy effort on the part of a used-to-be-great author.
B000093FLA|2.0|Certainly this film had a workable and even interesting script, a tale of British underworld boxing and jewel theft. Where \\"Snatch\\" fails, is the directors apparent belief that each and every character in the film is interesting or as important as the next, and in the films opening, we are \\"treated\\" to an introduction to the players complete with Fox News like \\"swwoooosssh\\" effects and title overlays.There are plenty of jump-effects and quick-zooms, techniques that have been played out in these type of genres. Just because you have that \\"spice in the cupboard\\", does it mean you really have to use it??    Unbelievable also is Brad Pitt. His role is an Irish gypsy with indecipherable speech and slang is comical, but as an underground boxing champ who rings the bells of much larger opponents, he just doesn't have the size or look of someone who could succeed in the ring.    As an unapologetic Yank, the very British nature of this film is also a turnoff. Even if you liked as I did other U.K crime films ( the original \\"Get Carter\\". \\"Longest Day\\" etc.), Snatch is very Brit-centric and Euro-flavored, and some terminology used in the film requires more  thinking on the part of this viewer than I want to do while watching what is suppossed to be  entertainment.
B000XPU5NY|5.0|Phil Collins proves once again he is the king of drums! This is the best I've heard from Genesis in many a year.   Great job guys...you have proved (once again) true talent is ageless.
B00008ADPF|4.0|Note that in my introduction I've pointed out that this album has increased the number of options the band has for it's live set. What it doesn't do is expand the Nickelback sound beyond some slight alterations to the production qualities from their previous album. What it does do however is to expand their catalogue with more of the same accomplished and very rock radio friendly hard rock. And there is nothing wrong with that.<br /><br />What your unlikely to get from this band are departures like their heroes Metallica did with their Load and Reload, this is a band that seems very focussed on what they want to achieve and they go after their targets and it's a form of professionalism that can stunt creativity a bit but it also produces consistent results.<br /><br />Listening to this album while writing this review it becomes apparent that the bands love of musuclar riffing that bludgens their audience has not diminished. Opener Flat On The Floor is a perfect example of the sort of post grunge hard rock rifferama your going to get with this. Second cut Do This Anymore is more of the same with it's Chad Kroeger vocal lead laid over the top of unspectacular yet insistent guitar blasts.<br /><br />This consistency means Nickelback are a very safe bet for punter, their fans know just what they are getting in the same way that AC/DC fans or Yngwie Malmsteen fans know what they are in for before the disc even hits their stereo. That could be construed as a bad thing but I'm willing to forgive Nickelback their familiarity, their lack of real departure from their norm, in order to get an album I know I can throw on and listen from beginning to end.<br /><br />That's not to say that there are no variations from the opening note to the closing one. There are rockers such as the first two cuts mentioned earlier. There are songs that are ballads and there are songs with a sense of humour, all tied neatly together with that feeling you get when one of your mates starts telling you a story you've heard a dozen times before. And there are a number of songs that fall somewhere between rocker and ballad, a sort of rock radio staple sound and I find it impossible to hate Nickelback for their discovery of a successful formula.<br /><br />With musicianship that's of a decent standard yet never ego driven, good production qualities that retain a human feeling and a feeling of familiarity in almost every sound bite this album is more of the same in the best way.n times before. And there are a number of songs that fall somewhere between rocker and ballad, a sort of rock radio staple sound and I find it impossible to hate Nickelback for their discovery of a successful formula.    With musicianship that's of a decent standard yet never ego driven, good production qualities that retain a human feeling and a feeling of familiarity in almost every sound bite this album is more of the same in the best way.
0060254939|5.0|I grew up hearing my mom read this story and have such fond memories of the illustrations. It's a wonderful book for that spirited child in your life. Share some great \\"kid lit\\" with him/her today!
B000003TA4|3.0|After early underground releases Nevermind exploded with this album on the backs of the excellent angsty hard rocker Teen Spirit - whose connection to Bostons More Than A Feeling has been well documented. Tapping into a vein of anti-hero, anti achievement misery that spoke volumes to the gen X slacker generation and promoted via an alternative couldn't-give-a-toss style reminiscent of the punk ethos the album was also blessed with evocative cover art that really caught the punters eye and was truly indicative of the sentiments contained within - and how often does that happen?<br /><br />The entire package is well thought out, the production by Butch Vig and the band being adequate and while probably a product of it's budget more than anything else the fact that it suits the downhearted vibes so painfully evident in Kurt Cobains vocals actually works as a bonus. Other aspects of the construction of this album (see the Classic Albums release about this album if you possibly can - it's out on DVD) also speak of a well thought out plan. The megahit title track is the lead cut, then the mood is instantly dropped a couple of notches in the soupy thouth interesting In Bloom and the maudlin Come As You Are - three tracks that all have their own feel while still working in the same idiom. The guitar attack is insistant and the fuzzy style of it is so indicative of the underground movement, the punk movement and also the hard rock movement because given the heaviness of it this album wasn't going to convert people to liking hard music. No way, you pretty much had to already be predisposed to hard `n' heavy music to get into this.<br /><br />As the album unfolds further we get the first of the lesser lights in Breed, which can be forgiven as it's followed by Lithium, another musically interesting tune that shambles along and uses the underlying vocal melody so indicative of much of what Kurt Cobain was about and is one of the tunes where his love of Beatlesque tunefulness is apparent. Polly, apparently one of the salient tracks of this album, has a couple of amusing couplets but ultimately always left me unmoved as it seems to me indicative of the shambling pointless side of the Cobains persona.<br /><br />Territorial Pissings is anarcho-punk at it's best. The perfect song for when you want to listen to something incoherently angry. And if you've never felt that way your reading the wrong review!<br /><br />The problem with this album becomes apparent at this point however as Drain You and Lounge Act are pretty anonymous. Stay Away has it's moments but isn't enough to pull side two (in oldspeak) out of the muck. On A Plain - well after listening to this album however many times over the years I still couldn't tell you what it sounds like. Not a great advert for the tune is it?<br /><br />Something in the Way finishes the album off..... Eventually. And it evokes more of the same sort of anger-management-gone-wrong vibe of Territorial Pissings and the title track and as such must be rated a success.<br /><br />All up in many respects this album is a success as art - something people such as myself who actually don't like the tunes much can still recognise as having some sort of purpose whether intended or accidental. It's also successful in that it's been seen as something of a watershed moment in the history of hard rock/heavy metal and whether it floats your boat or not that's an achievement. And in terms of making lots of money for everyone involved it was also pretty darn successful (trust me - it's shifted a few units...). Potential downsides are that the constant pessimism can be grating, the attempts at arty rear and internal cover graphics smack of indie rubbish, full lyrics not included which is a pity given they were marketed as having a message and the fact that the sad ending to Kurt Cobains story may tinge your impressions of the album as you hear him rail against life and the universe. And each man alone must rage against his fate indeed....
0307346609|4.0|Zombies are HOT right now and this is a fine piece of zombie lit. Read this to be better prepared for when the zombie apocalypse comes!
B00005JPSM|5.0|I loved this movie.  I went to see it on a date, and while it might be a tad predictable, it's a clean, heartwarming movie and definitely worth seeing.  Clean, PG movies are hard to come by, and this one tells a great story.  I admit that at a point the story moves a little slowly, but that's somewhat like life as well.  Great performances by Zeta-Jones & Eckhart.  They have real chemistry and are fun to watch.  It's nice to see Catherine in a lighter role for a change as well!  Watch it for a fun date movie or just for a sweet story.  It's nothing more and nothing less.
0920236162|5.0|Just a nice lesson in not judging a book by it's cover. Great drawings too.<br /><br />Update: I gave this to my niece when she was 4 or 5, now she is 8 and she was just telling me about the whole story and how she loved it. \\"That prince does not know what he is missing!\\", she said.
1844137872|5.0|This book is great. I've been a graff writer for years, and this is one of those head-turners that caught my eye at the bookstore and I thumbed threw it and had to have it. Bomb style stencil pieces not unlike that from sheppard ferry \\"OBEY\\".<br /><br />If you like Graff/Street art this is a must have!
0679745203|3.0|I watched the film long ago and have enjoyed reading the book as its own piece. The characters are humbling and facing true tragedy and change in life. I was drawn in by where their intermingling would take them.
B000TEUSJU|4.0|I have just received this title which had been lost in the post & replaced. The 3-discs are packaged with an informative booklet which tells the sorry tale of the elements as they survive. There is an Italian version that could not be included because, it supposedly, cannot be shown outside Italy. I find this hard to believe. The picture & sound quality is very good considering the drama over this film back in time. Malcolm McDowell seems to relish this kind of material & Helen Mirren gets an early chance to ge her clothes off. There were various rated VHS version, one with a velvet cover, and a Laserdisc edition over the years
B000PFU7OO|5.0|This soundtrack not only has the Academy Award nominated song \\"Falling Slowly\\" on it but there are very few letdowns on this magnificent recording. I am a 56 year-old \\"Baby Boomer\\", grew up listening to the Stones and the Beatles. This CD blew me away. Besides \\"Falling Slowly\\" there is the equally impressive \\"When Your Mind's Made Up\\", \\"Lies\\", \\"Leave\\" and \\"If you Want Me.\\" There is not a bad song on the CD! The soundtrack \\"Once\\" is a great introduction to the music of Glen Hansard and his group The Frames. The deluxe edition of the CD is well worth it as it has two additional songs \\"And the Healing Has Begun\\" as well as \\"Into the Mystic.\\" It also has a bonus DVD.    This is a superb introduction to the Frames music. After listening to this CD over and over go to either your local CD store or to Amazon and get the rest of the Frame's CD's.
0060763892|5.0|I bought the Judas Straid I mean Judas Strain by James Rollins because I liked the cover. I have not yet read the book, but that does not change how I thoroughly enjoy the cover! It looks like old scripture with a tear in it, revealing a world somehow out of my reach. It makes me want to hold the book and walk through public places so that people can see me with it. I may just do that tomorrow, but not today, as it's getting late and my sleeping pill is really kicking in. When I actually do get around to reading the book, I will return to write a proper review.<br />Angus Oblong.<br />Perhaps you've heard of me.
1594481784|5.0|I've shared a complaint with my friends lately: no-one told me that being a grown-up would be like this.  I thought that it was all sunshine and roses, and everything just somehow worked.  No-one warned me about the things that really matter.  Certainly no-one warned me that relationships are actually a lot of work.    I first saw the movie version of [[ASIN:B00003CXGA High Fidelity]] a few years ago.  I loved it.  I'd been meaning to buy the book, but also put it off a bit because I loved the movie so very much.  I think that it's rare for the movie to be better than the book, but it does happen.  But I bought the book, and devoured it in less than 24 hours.      Rob is in his 30s, going through a break-up with his long-term girlfriend Laura.  It's mostly an entertaining inside look at a man who is an adult but hasn't quite grown up yet, with several insightful and poignant moments.  Rob takes us through his previous loves, including an update with his top five heartbreaks (and many other top fives, most of which are musical).      Rob's character growth in the story is believable and enjoyable.  His psuedo-introspection as he considers his top five heartbreaks turns into real introspection as he considers the effects of losing Laura.  He doesn't lose all of his selfishness, but then who does?  He certainly becomes more aware of it, and tries to quash the worst of it.  The ending is just perfect.  Rob does grow up, but he doesn't lose his essential Rob-ness.      The movie and the book diverge a bit, but not so much that it is bothersome.  The movie has cut some pieces for the sake of time, and slightly altered one thread in the plot.  I forgive the film for making those changes, and am now comfortable in being able to love both the book and the movie.
B000C4BATE|5.0|One of my good friends loves this man and considers him one of her future husbands. (She wants to keep her options open. :)  As for me, I liked what I heard on the radio, but never felt inclined to spend the money on the cd.   I actually found this in a used music store for a dollar, so I picked it up and have to admit that it's become one of my favorites.  Every song is solid and it's hard to believe it was put out so early in his career.  Just wished I liked his new stuff as well.
B000RZIGVS|3.0|I ordered this series so I could further complete my Star Trek collection. I love it. My only complaint, and it's a major one, is the packaging! Come on now! We Star Trek fans shell out big bucks for these things. The least CBS could do is use better packaging. That being said, I like the way discs are accessed. It's easy to hold it in one hand while standing in front of your DVD player to look for a specific episode. Also, it does save quite a bit of space when compared to the way other complete series are packaged. Perhaps we'll see an improvement in this area when entire Star Trek series are released in HD.
B000E97X66|5.0|Bruce, please release your Tom Joad live tour. My bootleg was stolen from my car, and I think it's your best ever. A spiritual experience! Please Bruce, we all beg you. You'll make a bunch of money!!!!! PS Live in Dublin is life-changing!!!!!
0375842381|5.0|The books in this triology are absolutely amazing.  Philip Pullman is a captivating writer and his books are so filled with creative fantasy and action that I recommend them to intelligent people over the age of nine years old.  Children and adults alike will follow these adventures in thrilled anticipation
B000AP04OM|5.0|I found this product to be excellent in shape and nature.  I've had the VHS copy of this movie and find that this DVD is much crisper in viewing images as well as color.
B000YA82F6|5.0|\\"Juno,\\" it seems to me, is all about unconditional love.  Everyone is looking for love.  Everyone.  And when we find it, its usually a function of some condition - how weathy, attractive, powerful, well-behaved, or talented we are.  We won't admit it, but we know it.<br /><br />By getting pregnant at sixteen, Juno the title character, commits a serious lapse in judgement upon which we might expect some of the love she receives to be conditioned (i.e., we will love you only as long as you don't make terrible mistakes).  Instead, her father, stepmother, best friend, and boyfriend (the father of the baby) all step up wonderfully, and in their own unique ways, to remind Juno that their love is not a function of her \\"irresponsibility,\\" to quote her father.<br /><br />But there are even more lessons about unconditional love here.  We learn about it from the adoptive mother who already loves the unborn baby unconditionally.  Juno, the recipient of unconditional love herself, is therefore able to recognize it in this woman, so she decides to follow through with the adoption.<br /><br />Ellen page is spectacular in this role.  We will have to wait and see if its just roles like this which appear to be made for her, or whether its raw talent.  Wow, is she good.<br /><br />The screenplay is filled with sweet little ironies (unattractive people have the most attractive hearts; bashing the evil stepmother sterotype, men can be sensitive and understanding, the \\"cool\\" adoptive Dad who relates so well to Juno, turns out to be a vapid jerk, etc.), and plenty of gold nuggets buried here and there (the \\"I'm still in, if you're still in\\" framed on the wall, when the boyfriend says \\"well, I think you're pretty\\" (no wonder he's getting alot of sex), and when the Dad tells Juno how to tell if you really love someone, \\"when they think light shines out of your..., and Juno's best friend is of all things, a cheerleader, etc.).<br /><br />Yeah, you have to suspend your discomfort with teenage pregnancy, but this is the challenge issued to us by Diablo Cody => Can we look past the exterior, the circumstances, and our prejudices to see the real person and perhaps love that person?<br /><br />Kudos to everyone involved in this film.  The opening animation was spectacular, and the music fit in so well.  To the boys who put up the money for this movie, trusting the producer, Director, and screenwriter; Congratulations!  Risk has its rewards.pregnancy, but this is the challenge issued to us by Diablo Cody => Can we look past the exterior, the circumstances, and our prejudices to see the real person and perhaps love that person?<br /><br />Kudos to everyone involved in this film.  The opening animation was spectacular, and the music fit in so well.  To the boys who put up the money for this movie, trusting the producer, Director, and screenwriter; Congratulations!  Risk has its rewards.
0143038419|3.0|There seems to be a difference of opinion here - people who identify with the author like the book, while others feel she is too self-indulgent.  I initially agreed with the latter group.  We are presented with a one-sided view of the divorce.  Throughout the entire section on Italy, Ms. Gilbert is too self-absorbed.  Although she is presumably in Italy partly to enjoy the food, there are very few good descriptions here, save a brief stay in Naples, where she enjoyed one of their best creations - pizza.  Although the Indian section could be of interest to those who have done meditation, the people in this section don't really come to life for me, even Richard the Texan (who mainly seems to be here to give the author some good advice).    However, everything seems to change in Bali.  Here the author actually presents an environment and several characters who are well-drawn and interesting.  She contrasts the view of Bali by tourists (herself) to the actual history and the view by long-term residents, and makes several interesting cultural observations.    So, for some readers, this is 1/3 of a good book.
B000HIVIOW|2.0|This story has become a holiday family favorite for 18 years at least. After our VHS machine became useable we sought the movie on DVD. The color quality of this item is very poor compared to the original versions I have seen on TV and the old VHS copy we had. The three DVDs I recently purchased are very disappointing, given the style of animation (hand drawn, colored pencil medium). It may as well have been in black and white...
B000YIGNKE|5.0|First of all I DO NOT understand all of this negative feedback. I am an avid fan of all the classics and own most versions of Austen's works on DVD. I was excited at the prospect of all the new Austen versions, knowing of course that they would all be different from previous versions -to be expected, and as always the case with book to movie adaptations, different from the book in ways as well.<br /><br />With all that said, I got my copy of Persuasion and sat down with an open mind. It is a slightly different look at the story with the central focus being on Anne and Captain Wentworth. Just like in the 2005 Pride and Prejudice adaptation which was shortened and which downplayed a lot of the other characters in the story so as to focus on the two leads, I thought they did a similar job in this version. I thought their interactions were very sweet and I'm glad that was the focus. I felt it allowed us to get inside Anne's head a bit in this version.<br /><br />Granted, they did change a few scenes around near the end and while I wasn't a huge fan of the 'marathon running' scene, I can empathize with the poor girl and may have been tempted to do the same in her position :)l these other negative reveiws persuade you against seeing this version. It is worth viewing!
B00006EXL5|5.0|I bought this CD coz ppl said 'previous' MCR is better than 'current' MCR.  But, from my opinion, they stay the same.. i mean.. they are the best no matter they are under which co.  All their albums are great!!!!
B0001B55PS|5.0|The first time I listened to Delta Goodrem was in a trip to the UK on TV, the video was I Am Lost Without You. I loved the song. It is actually included in this album. I finally made the decision to actually purchase one of her albums and I can proudly say that I made a very good decision. Her voice is candid but powerful, the songs she sings are catchy but still elegant. I believe she is a true artist, one that is mostly recognized in Europe but perhaps not so known in the US, which is unfortunate. I would love to go to one of her concerts if she starts touring in the US. If you can, buy this product and you will not regret it.
1400031524|3.0|Let me begin by pointing out that I am a huge Henning Mankell fan, although I found this book a bit of disappointment. His writing ability is clear, concise and flows so smoothly he can only compare to Ed McBain who also knew how to tell a story in a simple but extremely effective way. The problem with this story is that so much of it involves foreign intrigue that seems out of place for both the writer and the Wallander, the main character, that I am not surprised that Mankell didn't go back to it. I can't praise this author enough, but I would read any of his other Wallander books before reading this. It's not bad, just a disappointment when you consider what he can do.
0807126063|5.0|This is one of my favorite all time classics.  It is also the only book I have ever read that I had to put down because I was laughing too hard to read it.  It is funnier if you have ever been to New Orleans and understand their accent.  I lived there for a year so I was able to pick it up quickly.  Put this book on your must read list.  Interesting note:  The author committed suicide before the book was ever published or won the Pulizter.  What a shame.  I hope he is laughing in heaven.  We love you John!
0440241413|5.0|I'm the first to admit the I don't read much.  I'm notorious for starting books and never finishing.  I bought this book to take on a week-long vacation and 3 days in I had to find a book store to purchase the next two in the series.      I absolutely loved this book!  The main chartecter, Becky Bloomwood, was quirky, fun, hillarious and most of all, real.  Sophie Kinsella does an amazing job of bringing Becky to life and making the reader feel as if they're right there with Becky as she shops her way through life.    I've already loaned my copy to my best friend and my fifteen year old daughter is next in line.
B0011ZRJ70|5.0|This movie was great in the Theatre. I am looking forward to the HD DVD copy. Should be superior in Picture Quality & Audio Quality.    Anyway, why are people rating this HD DVD release when it hasn't come out yet? This movie only deserves 5 starts out of 5.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|I ordered this set for Christmas from my wife. I have loved these films since the very start.  I saw Alien in a drive-in if that was not a trip. The set contains the original movie and the directors cut. There is so much that i saw in the directors cut that it was like looking at movie for the first time.  I have over 1500 dvd's and this set will be my #1 for a long tome.
B000001GXJ|5.0|As usual, Claudio Abbado brings to life opera (particularly Verdi): DG version of Simon Boccanegra is truly among the best achievements in opera recordings, with its central Grand Council scene shining like a crown daimond of a great composer and a great conductor.<br />It is, truly, a must.
B0006L0LNY|5.0|even though some don't like it, i do! it's missing batman but still the movie was pretty cool and halle berry looks really hot.
1416550518|5.0|\\"War makes history seem deceptively simple. They provide clear turning points, easy distinctions: before and after, winner and loser, right and wrong. True history, the past, is not like that. It isn't flat or linear. It has no outline. It is slippery, like liquid; infinite and unknowable, like space. And it is changeable: just when you think you see a pattern, perspective shifts, an alternative version is proffered....\\"<br /><br />The House at Riverton is a true historical novel, in all senses of the term. Told from the first person perspective of 98 year old Grace, the narrative alternates between present and past, the story flowing seamlessly from the recesses of her memory and more than 50 years of painful reflection. Riverton has many themes: the myriad damages wrought by war, the relentlessly impersonal evolution of society, the slippery intricacies of relationships, the crucial importance of self-actualization. It is mystery in reverse: from many clues, from the atmosphere of secrecy and suspense, we know with absolute certainty that something dreadful happens, but the exact nature of the tragedy becomes fully apparent only on the final page. Ms Morton's characters,  Grace, the sisters, the men in their lives, the servants, are genuine and vibrant, real people that the reader comes to know, love, hate, and care about in one way or another. By the conclusion of this finely crafted novel, we know Grace the best, and as she faces her own death, we understand that she has learned important lessons from the past, has truly learned to live her own life on her own terms.<br /><br />Riverton is an exceptionally strong debut from a gifted writer. One can only imagine and anticipate what Morton might have in store for us next!
0743289684|5.0|The Islam which Ayaan Hirsi Ali describes is like some tropical disease to which civilized nations have no resistance, and which becomes virulently epidemic when it is imported by immigration.  We accord Islam the respectful neglect which we would any major religion, unaware that at its core it comprises a profound and fundamental opposition to Western values.  Ali describes first hand her experience with Islam as not merely a religion, but a way of life which is designed expressly for oppression, perversion, and unspeakable cruelty.  The Quran itself requires the cutting off of hands, the mutilation of girls, the stoning of women, and murder for the sake of honor.  Ali wants us to be undeceived by Islam's apologists; it is a religion with hate as its seminal force.<br /><br />Ayaan Hirsi Ali was born to a proud and devout family in Somalia, and to whom all things Western were loathsome.  She and her childhood friends were actually proud when their genitals were painfully mutilated, and considered those girls whose clitorises weren't cut off to be whores destined for the fires of hell.  Her first person account of the tortuous path which ultimately led her to become a member of the Dutch Parliament is heartwarming, but it is also terrifying.  When a note threatening her life is found pinned by a knife into the chest of a colleague, she finally realizes, as does all of Holland, that she isn't safe.  She ultimately relocates to Washington, DC, to work at the American Enterprise Institute.  Holland cannot protect her because it has accommodated, no, actually welcomed Muslim homicidal maniacs for so long, that those murderers actually believe that Holland tolerates religiously-inspired violence.  After all, their faith requires them to kill any Muslim who has abandoned Islam, and why would the authorities interfere with religious practices?<br /><br />There can be no better spokesperson to sound the alarm against the threat of Islam than Ayaan Hirsi Ali.  Actually, her name is Ayaan Hirsi Magan.  She changed it extemporaneously at a Dutch immigration center to make it more difficult for her family to locate her.  Her concern was that if they found her, she would be returned to Somalia and be killed.  She had dishonored her family and insulted Islam by refusing an arranged marriage, and she feared that the males in her own family would kill her.  Her courage will be vindicated only when her message is heard.  That message is that there is an antidote to the disease that is spreading over Europe, and that antidote is democracy, liberty, and the rights of the individual.  Islam cannot stand up against freedom, and the struggle between them is just warming up.rsi Magan.  She changed it extemporaneously at a Dutch immigration center to make it more difficult for her family to locate her.  Her concern was that if they found her, she would be returned to Somalia and be killed.  She had dishonored her family and insulted Islam by refusing an arranged marriage, and she feared that the males in her own family would kill her.  Her courage will be vindicated only when her message is heard.  That message is that there is an antidote to the disease that is spreading over Europe, and that antidote is democracy, liberty, and the rights of the individual.  Islam cannot stand up against freedom, and the struggle between them is just warming up.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|Haunting melodies, beautiful voices, and a divine indie film are the backdrop for this soundtrack. Once you see the film you're hooked on the music and vice versa. Highly recommend!
0143038419|1.0|If you must read this book, borrow it from a friend who was suckered into buying it.<br /><br />I understand that autobiographies can be, by their nature, self-centered and navel-gazing, but Elizabeth Gilbert is one of the most self-important, obtuse, boorish, annoying cretins ever to put pen to paper.  What makes her book even worse than it would otherwise be is that there are actually six or seven well-written, absorbing, evocative and touching chapters in it.  These chapters suggest that Ms. Gilbert could have produced a readable work not mired in the cutesy, pedantic, narcissistic and often grotesque nonsense from which the rest of it suffers.<br /><br />Like some other reviewers, I found Ms. Gilbert stunningly unempathetic and uninvolved in the world around her, no matter where she was under what circumstances, and I too thought that her ex-husband is well rid of her.  She has, by the way, since the book's publication, married her Brazilian lover and moved with him to New Jersey, so for all her exploration, she is pretty much, like the song says, back where she started.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor:  give this one a miss.
0316067598|1.0|My wife bought the book from Amazon for me.  I could not finish this garbage.  As a former specwar operator, I just think the story telling is lousy. As some would say BS.  The men who died were not supermen comic book Hollywood heroes.  The book is written more like a movie scrip novel.  Sad, sad publishing of a tragic day.
0440238153|4.0|I have enjoyed all three parts of Phillip Pullman's trilogy immensely, all until the last part of this book. I found the wrapping up of the story a letdown after a magnificent, splendid feat spread over three spellbinding books. My reasons for disappointment have to do with the vision that Pullman created, and then seemed, somehow, to get too tired to complete.<br /><br />While the author must have put an incredible amount of care, effort and imagination into creating this massive epic, his vision seems to have dissipated when the time came to wrap it up. The fate of the protagonists just seemed to camouflage this fact and detract from it.<br /><br />Was it sheer exhaustion after a Herculean feat on the part of the author, an exhaustion which would have been completely legitimate? Or, was it that he could focus all his talent on a story of \\"resistance\\", the way some people shine under adversity, but did not have the motivation any more to think of what happened next?<br /><br />While the trilogy is a story about resistance, not about \\"what happened next\\", the last part of the book, describing the world that emerged in the end, should have, at least, displayed some important changes a result of all those multi-universe-battles against an oppressive Authority, and the vanquishing of it. And yet, the world that survived such an event did not display any significant change, as if the whole thing was a storm in a teacup.<br /><br />While I could not blame the writer for being exhausted of the effort he put into that story, I just wish, if artistic-burnout was the reason, that he'd have had taken all the time in the world, until he was inspired to wrap up the story at the same heights. The new world that emerged after \\"killing the Authority\\" (no less), should have been given the same thought as the rest of the story. Instead, nothing much seems to have changed in that new world, but for some vague statements of the type found in a horoscope.<br /><br />I do not wish to belittle the writing, it remains absolutely breathtaking nonetheless, with the world Pullman created so captiviting the reader may never want to part with it. Anyone who has read the first two books of the trilogy MUST read the third, I just wanted to prepare readers who followed that vision with passion for what is a disappointing finale. Ironically, it seemed that the light of the author's own vision dimmed after the \\"death of the Authority\\", as if he, too, had fallen in battle, exhausted, without the imaginative resources to take the story from there.<br /><br />In one of the interviews with the author posted on his website, he said something to the effect that he knows exactly what problems there are in his writing, and doesn't need critics to point them out. If that is the case, I wonder if he knew the problems with this book, but had a date for its launching, so he decided to meet it anyway, sort of in the same way the managers of the Columbia Space Shuttle took their decision to launch, and with pretty much the same results?<br /><br />How I wish he'd have kept the manuscript in his care a year longer, two, even three, until he could recharge his wondrous artistic batteries, in order to keep the last part of this magnificent story at the same level as the preceding ones!lutely breathtaking nonetheless, with the world Pullman created so captiviting the reader may never want to part with it. Anyone who has read the first two books of the trilogy MUST read the third, I just wanted to prepare readers who followed that vision with passion for what is a disappointing finale. Ironically, it seemed that the light of the author's own vision dimmed after the \\"death of the Authority\\", as if he, too, had fallen in battle, exhausted, without the imaginative resources to take the story from there.     In one of the interviews with the author posted on his website, he said something to the effect that he knows exactly what problems there are in his writing, and doesn't need critics to point them out. If that is the case, I wonder if he knew the problems with this book, but had a date for its launching, so he decided to meet it anyway, sort of in the same way the managers of the Columbia Space Shuttle took their decision to launch, and with pretty much the same results?     How I wish he'd have kept the manuscript in his care a year longer, two, even three, until he could recharge his wondrous artistic batteries, in order to keep the last part of this magnificent story at the same level as the preceding ones!
B000I9VZKW|5.0|This film is not an exact replication of any particular Asimov story, but it  is very true to the spirit of his novels. The CG is great, Will Smith is a fine actor (despite being a terrible rapper), and the movie is just a lot of fun.    Holding constant hollywood technology, this isn't quite as good as the adaptation of Asimov's Fantastic Voyage but it is way better than Bi-Centennial Man.     My only true criticism is that the film, and the film-making process, became too much about Will Smith's character (and ego) slightly at the expense of developing the plot and other characters.    I would give it a \\"4.5\\" rating, but this is not possible.
B00008J2R1|5.0|As another reviewer on this page has written,most of the benefit of SACD surround sound needs the right equipment,if you have it and you like your rock hard & snotty,buy this album before it's deleted/sold out.<br /><br />This is one of the most unusual surround mixes I have listened to.It's not so much a 5.1 mix as it is a surround experience.<br /><br />If you like Oasis and own a SACD player this gives you bucks for your pennies.Maybe bucks should have a capital \\"B\\".The music of Oasis is a very thick heavy sound and one would not think of it being a good candidate for surround treatment,what with ALL those guitars played REALLY LOUD and stacked on top of each other there would not seem to be much room to spread things out,BUT they do!<br /><br />This SACD is a great example(along with Meatloaf's \\"Bat Out Of Hell\\" and Deep Purple's \\"Machine Head\\"),of how heavy rock and electric guitars can sound SO SO GOOD!It's as good as having the Gallagher Brothers set up at your place to lay down a few tracks for their next album(if only).You can almost smell the intensity as Liam sneers through the opening track \\"Hello\\",and \\"Champagne Supernova\\" is like a brand new song.It literally fills the room.<br /><br />Honestly,you feel like your in the recording studio with them!It's no small wonder that the 5.1 mix is as good as it is.Longtime Dire Straits producer Neil Dorfsman was the knob twiddler.He's no slouch at recording/producing a tune or two.I never imagined Oasis in surround sounding so good!<br /><br />Stick it in your player,turn it up and I hope you have understanding/deaf neighbours.****ing Great!
0786838655|4.0|A delightfully fun read!  Who couldn't love Ares as a biker (a la Hell's Angel's), Poseidon as a beach comber, Procrustes styled after one of those sleezy late-night furniture salesmen and the furies as old lady knitters (of ugly socks, no less).  This series doesn't just draw the gods into modern times, it also brings the monsters -- Percy finds out on a school field trip that his Pre-Algebra teacher is a Harpy and later we meet the garden statue selling Medusa AND other mythical creatures (his best friend is a Satyr).  If you ever wished The Iliad and The Odyssey were set in modern times and given an urban setting AND was best suited to readers age 9-14, well this book is for you!<br /><br />Riordan brings to live a lush (and very modern) version of those Greek myths we all grow up loving, introducing the idea that the gods are real and they've continued to move from place to place over the centuries and that the gods have continued to sire children with mortals.  These children are often raised at Camp Half-Blood because they apparently are irresistible to monsters (can you say lunch).  In this first installment of the series, we are introduced to Percy Jackson who initially thinks he's a loser because he's been in 6 boarding schools in 6 years, he's got the world's smelliest step-dad, and he has ADD and ADHD.  It turns out that these unfortunate circumstances are part and parcel of being a demigod.  We are also introduced to Chiron (who hides the fact that he's a Centaur with a magical wheel chair), Grover his best friend (and a satyr), Annabeth (daughter of Athena), Luke (son of Hermes), Clarisse (Daughter of Ares) and many more.<br /><br />In many ways The Lightening Thief (and the other books in this series) are a rehashing of the traditional myths in a modern wrapper.  At one point in the story one of the characters notes that the gods are boring, only interested in replaying the same cycles/events over and over, which is quite accurate from this author/stories point of view, but don't let this stop you from reading because The Lightening Thief has lots to offer in terms of clever twists on the traditional stories.  Here is happens that war is looming between the \\"big three\\" (Poseidon, Zeus, and Hades) because Zeus' lightening bolt has been stolen right from under his nose during the winter solstice.  Can Percy, Anabeth, and Grover save the day?  You'll have to read to find out.  Overall, an adventure that is entertaining to read.  I give it four stars and two thumbs up!  It was a real treat to read this with my daughter.view, but don't let this stop you from reading because The Lightening Thief has lots to offer in terms of clever twists on the traditional stories.  Here is happens that war is looming between the \\"big three\\" (Poseidon, Zeus, and Hades) because Zeus' lightening bolt has been stolen right from under his nose during the winter solstice.  Can Percy, Anabeth, and Grover save the day?  You'll have to read to find out.  Overall, an adventure that is entertaining to read.  I give it four stars and two thumbs up!  It was a real treat to read this with my daughter.
B00005JOFQ|5.0|How wonderful it is that the very brief talent Heath Ledger shared with the world will live on long after we all move off this mortal coil.<br /><br />You only need to watch this film to see what talent he had. His performance as the brooding and distant Ennis del Marr in this movie is nothing short of brilliant. He should have won the Academy Award instead of Phillip Seymor Hoffman but that's history now. We can only think of what might have been in the years ahead.<br /><br />For people who have not seen the movie, I would like to point out as I'm sure many other reviewers before me have said, it is not a &#34;gay&#34; cowboy movie. The two men in this movie fall in love with each other in the purest form that the word can ever mean. We all wish for a love so deep and meaningful and some of us are lucky enough to find it once or twice in our lives. If you take anything from this film, it is a new definition of the meaning of love and life and how short our time on Earth is.<br /><br />Essential viewing!<br /><br />post note...Nice to see that Heath did eventually win an Oscar posthumously...[[ASIN:B001GZ6QDS The Dark Knight (Two-Disc Special Edition + Digital Copy)]]
B000W4KT6E|4.0|So my wife brought home 'Hairspray' last weekend.  Hmmm. I was dubious.    Now, I liked 'Grease' when it came out in 1978, me on the cusp of teen-ness, but if you had told me then that, 30 years later, I'd be watching the same John Travolta gyrate in a female fat-suit, I would thought you were crazy.        I imagine Mr. Travolta might have been dismayed as well.    Well, if that was ever the case, I'm sure he knows by now he needn't have worried.    I single him out, but the whole ensemble, Nikki Blonsky, Amanda Bynes, Paul Dooley, Zac Efron, Allison Janney, Elijah Kelley, James Marsden, Michelle Pfeiffer, Queen Latifah, Brittany Snow, Jerry Stiller, John Travolta, Christopher Walken, have created a terrific and energetic film!
0316010669|5.0|The book is a page-turner, sprinkled with several anecdotes and contextual stories. Though I normally post my reviews of books on Amazon and not on this blog, ideas in the book resonated with the theme in my earlier blog entry. It pertains to Gladwell's analysis of \\"The Warren Harding Error: Whey we fall for tall, dark, and handsome men.\\"   In the chapter, while analyzing an experiment at Chicago area car dealers, he points to how \\"Even after forty minutes of bargaining, the black men could get the price, on average, down to only $2,551 above invoice. After lengthy negotiations, Ayers's black men still ended up with a price that was nearly $800 higher than Ayeres's white men were offered without having to say a word.\\"     With my distinctly South Asian features and accent, I am no Warren Harding but I got to experience and observe the reversal of the `error' that Gladwell points to. In the early nineties, when I first landed in the US, and was looking for a car at the local auto dealership in the heart of the Midwest - Kentucky - the salesman wouldn't give me the time of the day. I was distinctly `foreign,' probably without a credit history, with questionable finances. The salesman literally told me that to my face (something the dealership later apologized for when I wrote to the manager, but that's a different story).    Fast forward to present day. It is interesting to observe how younger South Asian and Indian expat `kids' on offshore engagements, walking into a Honda, Toyota or other auto dealerships get kid-glove treatments (pun intended). It is probably because in the blink of an eye, the sales-men/women now equate them to the `white male' in Gladwell's narrative: seen as knowledgeable, internet savvy and possibly with a high-tech job that pays well. This `thin slicing' happens subconsciously even while the kid walks into a dealership, thanks in part to the hype over the flattening world (apologies Tom Friedman) and buzz in the media over offshoring. A phenomenon, one could call the reverse of Gladwell's description of spotting the sucker: spotting the buyer!
B000XA5K48|1.0|I can't believe those stars including Clive Owen thought it was a good thing to do this movie.  Money is money I guess.  I read critics' reviews that it was in the genre of Sin City but it was terrible.  \\"Over the top\\" garbage.  The whole movie was just done bad.  All the shootout scenes were so mindlessly dumb that I lost interest fast.  All the dialogue tries to be cool but it is hopeless.  There are good shootout scenes like The Matrix and Heat and then there's this D-class junk.  This is a prime example of trying too hard and coming up with a mess instead of an \\"over the top\\" action flick that's smart and entertains.
B000MRAAJM|4.0|Understandably not all could be filmed in HD, but less bonus content than DVD is making me wish I had gotten that version instead. Cheaper, hours of more content to me outweighs the blu ray, but the main content mostly makes up for it and is fun to watch either way.
0743298039|5.0|I found this book impossible to put down, and it absolutely exceeded my expectations.  \\"The Thirteenth Tale\\" is a wonderful tribute to novels such as \\"Jane Eyre\\", \\"Wuthering Heights\\", and \\"The Woman in White\\".    Diane Setterfield writes beautifully, and absolutely captures the feel of those classic books.  There is a line in the book that reads, \\"...when I slept I dreamed the story, and when I was awake it was the story that formed the constant backdrop of my thoughts.  It was like living entirely inside a book.\\"  This line sums up how I felt while reading this novel.       This was a very satisfying read, and one of the best novels by a contemporary author that I have read in some time.  Highly recommended!!
0618918248|4.0|I want to get certain things out of the way from the very start because this won't be a typical review.  If you want a better, more cohesive review of the book itself, I suggest you read one other others on this site.  In any case...    I feel that the logic, arguments and scientific scrutiny applied toward the God hypothesis in this book are extremely thought provoking and fair.    Whether you are a Christian or an athiest, The God Delusion has something for you.  It will either confirm your beliefs, offer you new ideas, or simply test the strength of your faith.    But if you have this faith, be sure that you are ready to have it tested.  It is true that a belief unquestioned is worthless, but Dawkins makes such a powerful and compelling argument for the non-existence of God that it really seems, to me, to leave little room for doubt.    Personally, I've been an athiest for several years, but until reading this book, I hadn't fully grasped the implications.  Having been raised in a Christian household, I continued to entertain -- if only in the very back of my mind -- an idea of an afterlife or some kind of meaning.  To have that gone is a lot to deal with.    Another amazon reviewer, Harvey Ardman, put it like this:    \\"It won't convert many believers, not because it is wrong--it isn't--and not because it isn't well-written--it is--but because whatever else you can say about faith, it isn't easily extinguished. For those who have it, it is the only life raft on a limitless ocean. Those who don't have learned how to swim, or plan to. \\"    I can't help but wonder if I might be one of the very few who loses the life raft only to realize they CAN'T learn to swim, and thus drown.    Dawkins rightly says that the universe offers us no comfort and I believe the great majority of people can get by with life in the face of a stark or cruel reality.  The truth is always better than a comforting lie.    But just make sure ahead of time that you really are the type of personwho can learn to swim.  Better to know before you lose the raft.
B00003CXBH|5.0|This movie is one of the few movies that demostrates what God is asking from each of us.  To love one another.  Still today politics is so far more important..so they think it is.    This movie is touching, loving, and shows how much one person can help so many people.  One of my favorites of all time.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|I don't remember who said it first, but it has been said many, many times since, and with good reason: \\"This movie is what Star Wars should have been.\\"  Watching the Firefly series first is recommended, but not required by any means, you can always go back and see the hyjinx they got into before the stuff in the movie happens.<br /><br />Its a GREAT cast who were truly in love with the characters and weren't just working for the highest bidder, a truly gifted writer and director, and an awesome story that anybody, even those not too into Sci-fi can love.  And if your heart doesn't break near the end you are one cold SOB.  I own 3 copies of this (DVD, Collectors DVD, and HD-DVD).  Its not every day a canceled TV show has such a following that it gets a motion picture.  There's a reason for that.
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|not a flashy Hollywood stars and guns and chase scenes fast paced film. rather, it is slow, gentle, peaceful, a great change of pace.<br /><br />loved it. ran out and bought the CD soundtrack the next day. the music makes the movie. the cute guy with red beard and lovely voice helps, as did the girl with the angel's voice.<br /><br />some of the songs so lovely I could cry. my man got board, but, I loved it madly. moments of humor, moments of way cool, and full of great music. if you like Irish, Celtic, Enya type music - you'll love this.<br /><br />get it.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|No matter how old I get this movie manages to move me with its music.  We play this at least once a year with the grandkids around and everone enjoys it.  A very special movie.
B00000251N|2.0|This was Neil's first project for Columbia Records, following up his glorious \\"Moods\\" album on the MCA label, the one that opens with what would become his signature tune, \\"Song Sung Blue,\\" and closes out with several songs that seem to hint he was already in \\"Jonathan Livingston Seagull\\" mode: \\"Walk On Water,\\" \\"Theme,\\" \\"Prelude in E Major\\" and \\"Morningside.\\" Having just listened again to the JLS soundtrack for the umpteenth time, and then having watched the movie for the first time, I would suggest that any ND fans out there who, like me, went decades without seeing JLS should continue avoiding that movie at all costs, and give another listen to \\"Moods\\" again.    The main problem with the movie is that Neil ran out of songs about halfway through the film, at which point either there's no sound at all for many long minutes at a time (I exaggerate slightly -- there's the occasional sound of ocean waves crashing into shore), or you get to hear James Franciscus' voiceover as Jonathan. Now, Franciscus was a fine actor in his day, in projects as diverse as \\"Beneath the Planet of the Apes\\" and the underrated TV show \\"Longstreet,\\" but his was not the voice of JLS. Neil should've written another half-dozen songs and they could've had a better movie just with the seagulls flying around and letting Neil narrate/sing the whole thing, kind of like \\"Tommy\\" but as a bird opera.     Instead, we get one really good song on the soundtrack, \\"Be,\\" which you'll notice appears four times out of 12 tracks, so clearly Neil recognized he had a dearth of good material so he had to stretch out the good stuff as far as it would go. \\"Dear Father\\" is okay, but feels like it's half-finished, and it appears three times. \\"Skybird\\" starts out great, but also feels unfinished, and it appears twice on the soundtrack. See the pattern here? The rest of the songs aren't really even songs -- just snippets of songs. If you want to listen to a well-thought-out spiritual odyssey, then listen to \\"The AfricanTrilogy\\" songs on the \\"Taproot Manuscript\\" album. Much better stuff.
0802130208|1.0|As far as I can remember, I don't think I've ever written a review on his site.     That being said, I hated this book enough that I actually felt compelled to write one.     This book was passed on to me by a co-worker who raved on and on about how great it was. As it sat on my desk for the rest of the day, I had roughly 4 different co-workers walk by and notice it on my desk and tell me how wonderful it was.   I also have a good friend who loved the book so much, he named his dog after the main character.   I was really, really looking forward to reading this book.     I've now had the book for 2 months and I've managed to trudge through 173 pages of it.  I literally have to FORCE myself to read this.  Not only does the entire storyline clomp along sloppily and without purpose or point, but the characters, Ignacious especially, are so incredibly unlikeable that I find myself getting annoyed and wanting to either toss the book out of a window or reach inside the story and smack them.  I suppose those who enjoyed this would say \\"But isn't that the point? To incite emotion? To loathe the character so deeply that you have a physical repulsion to him?\\"    No.  If I'm going to delve into a story, I want to be pulled in, not shoved out.    I feel like all these 5 stars and glowing reviews are the result of too many people wanting to look intellectual and cool by saying they love a story everyone else claimed to like, but no one has the heart to admit that this book is absolutely and unbelievably unlikeable.
B000W00Y0O|5.0|Audio, Video, Program and Performance are all excellent.  You feel like you are there at the concert.  Very well done and at something of a bargain price.  Highly Recommended and a Must for Queen Fans.  Benefits from a good audio system - the better your system, the more you will enjoy the concert.
B00005JPXY|5.0|Gave me chills; I love when movies have characters I care for, and this movie certainly did.  This was an overall great expierience at the theater,  I can't wait to see it again!    PS. The key to not getting dizzy: unfocus your eyes.
0761145613|5.0|LOVE this calendar!!!  The five individual columns are great.  We have a family of four so I use my last column as misc. Ex: due date for bills, day and time of the races and other sporting events, birthdays, anniversarys, etc.  Each person is responsible for their own column.  My husbands column gets off days, car shows, and other odds and ends.  The kids fill in dates for projects and tests.  Meetings they themselves have, scouts, karate, etc.  All I have to do is go to the calendar to see who is doing what on what day.  It hangs on the kithcen door with a pen attached to it.  When I bought it the first time, I loved the columns a lot better than the blocks, it was easier to know who was doing what, than to guess who had a test tomorrow.  Get it you will love it!
B00030590I|1.0|Besides the colorful of screen, there is nothing worth to watch.    The story is ridiculous, the kung-fu is full of fake action.    Do NOT waste your time and money. Find something else.
B000UOOT1W|4.0|While this CD may not appeal to hardcore fans of Santana, I found it to be a very nice blend of some early works, and some recent stuff including some unreleased tracks.  I thought Jennifer Lopez's contribution was some of her best work.  Tina Turner and Steven Tyler also work well.  This disc is a nice addition for new or casual fans, but it may also make some long-time Santana fans happy too.
B00030590I|5.0|After seeing Mr. Yimou's other 2 films about the feudal warlords of ancient China (House of Flying Daggers, Curse of the Golden Flower), I have become a fan. Indeed, with \\"Hero\\", he has created a world unto itself, magical and mystical, thanks to brilliant use of color (Christopher Doyle's award winning cinematography is stunning) and the exceptional use of Tan Dun's music (with help from Itzhak Perlman). Multiple plots and the interpretation of events make this a film to pay attention to, and at a swift 99 minute running time, it's worthy of multiple viewings. Jet Li, Tony Leung, Ziyi Zhang, Chiu Wai, among others, are perfectly cast. If this is a \\"trilogy\\", I think \\"Hero\\" is the best of the three. It's truly a visual and cerebral treat!
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|Once is an excellent movie about a touching friendship between a man and a woman simply named Guy and Girl. Guy (Glen Hansard) and Girl (Mark&eacute;ta Irglov&aacute;) meet when Girl stops to listen to Guy playing songs on his guitar for money on the street. Guy and Girl form a singularly beautiful relationship and the plot moves along very nicely.<br /><br />Guy and Girl come to know each other very well in a very short span of time--barely more than a week. Girl wants Guy to pick himself up and realize his dreams. She encourages Guy to make recordings of his songs with a band for a commercial CD so Guy can have fame as a musician. Guy seems confused as to whether or not Girl loves him; and there's a very well done scene in which Guy asks Girl to spend the night with him but she leaves.<br /><br />Girl, of course, has her own issues. Girl, her mother and daughter are in Ireland because Girl's relationship with her husband didn't work out. Girl likes spending time with Guy; she likes getting attention from a nice man and she eventually helps him in his recording sessions.<br /><br />Of course, from here the plot can go just about anywhere. Will Guy and Girl consummate their relationship? Will Guy go back to his former girlfriend in London? What will Girl do to support her child and mother in Ireland? Is there any hope for Guy to make his CD a success? No plot spoilers here, folks--you'll just have to watch the movie to find out!<br /><br />The cinematography works so well partially because the hand held camera helps to set the thoughtful mood for this movie. The choreography works wonders in the opening theft scene and other scenes as well.<br /><br />The DVD comes with commentaries and a couple of interesting extras about how they made the film. Great!<br /><br />Overall, Once is a fine movie that people will enjoy if they like thoughtful movies about people and relationships in real life. Guy and Girl are not rich; and we see how they must work to support themselves while yearning to break free and be full fledged artists. The action moves along nicely, too. I recommend this film.The action moves along nicely, too. I recommend this film.
0064407667|1.0|More like, dreadful, condescending, redundant, and absurd. The author begins with the assumption that his readers are half-wits (with, as one reviewer here noted, no access to a dictionary), and then demonstrates the origins of his belief: his characters, likewise, barely contain half a wit amongst the whole lot of them. I've known any number of 14-year old girls cleverer than Violet, 12-year-old boys smarter than Klaus, and there are probably toddlers out there more perceptive than Mr. Poe, Justice Strauss, and Sunny put together.     The whole tone of the book is a syrupy, twitchy, snide commentary on how bad things are, how much worse they'll get, and by the way, \\"bad\\" is meant here to mean \\"writing I wouldn't foist on my children if the only other book in the library was The Giving Tree.\\" The author is clearly trying to channel Edward Gorey, and is not...quite...making it...even a little.    I am left wondering what age group this book is intended for: children young enough to not feel talked down to would likely need the dreary mess read to them--and I'd rather sit through endless repititions of Goodnight, Moon than subject myself to this drivel.
B000F7OMZ2|5.0|Released in '84, the second installment of the Indiana Jones chronicles, `Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom' certainly matched the first film in special effects and non-stop action sequences however it didn't quite succeed at reaching that mythic level so clearly established in `Raiders of the Lost Ark'.<br /><br />My Reasoning:<br />- The comedic elements that were there but a little more covert in the first one are overt here and a little too much so in my opinion.<br />- I didn't care for the side-kick addition, I found it annoying. Sorry Short Round.<br />- The visuals outdid the storyline, that's never a positive in my book.<br />- Amrish Puri was excellent as the villainous Mola Ram and any storyline involving Kali the Goddess of Destruction will capture my full attention immediately.<br /><br />Great entertainment value here and it still falls earns five stars. However still not quite as good as the original.
B00005LOLD|5.0|...a very enjoyable movie.Although Brando's southern accent is a bit overplayed, it's not a drag on the rest of the movie. This movie explores very well the contrast between living your life according to imposed expectations as opposed to living the life you actually want to, as all characters here experience this in rather profound ways.    A very worthwhile movie, on that you'll watch more than once..
B000F7OPCC|4.0|The third and what was thought to be the final installment of the Indiana Jones mythos (the fourth film now in production) had a tall mountain to climb if it hoped to surpass the two previous films in special effects or intensity of storyline. Though the '89 release of `Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade' didn't accomplish either task it was a thoroughly enjoyable movie particularly so because of the addition of Sean Connery to the storyline playing the part of Henry Jones, Indiana's Father.<br /><br />It was also fun to see the Third Reich back in the storyline in their usual adversarial role. Don't the Nazi's make great movie villains? This is definitely another winner for Spielberg and Ford.<br /><br />My Rating: -4 ½ Stars-.
B0012QTT4O|4.0|Wonder what would make a high-school chemistry teacher start cooking meth? This pilot episode of Breaking Bad does an amazing job of connecting you with the life of the man who makes this unthinkable decision. Not only is the story compelling, but the characters are incredibly well played and the pace of the action makes it hard to turn away. This is an excellent show! I cannot wait to see the next episode.
B000N6U0EC|5.0|I found this movie to be quite compelling. Beautifully composed in every regard.<br /><br />The Blu-ray presentation is very nice. Picture is steadily crisp throughout. Audio quality is excellent.<br /><br />As far as the movie goes, I was able to watch this while I was wore out from a day at work, and still I was able to keep my eyes pasted to the screen the whole time. Very cool movie.<br /><br />Why Will's character couldn't commute from a lesser expensive place to live, I'll never know, but dragging his kid through skid row really pays off in the end! I'm being a bit critical there. Actually, wwhen all's said and done \\"The Pursuit of Happyness\\" really packs quite a punch.<br /><br />I highly recommend this film.
B000LC55F2|5.0|This film and \\"The Illusionist\\" came out at pretty much the same time.  Both films are remarkably different however.      The Prestige is a period piece about two young stage magicians who are driven apart after a horrible accident onstage.  The two then take turns taking revenge upon the other as they both begin to make names for themselves.  Finally, Angiers (Hugh Jackman) learns that Borden (Christian Bale) has a new trick that is truly dazzling but lacks the showmanship that he himself has.  Angiers becomes obsessed with learning the secret of the trick and travels all the way to Colorado to visit Dr. Tesla about the secret.  Tesla is played amazingly well by David Bowie and his assistant is non-other than Andy Sirkis who played Gollum and did the voices for the Lord of the Rings Trilogy.    The last part of the film, many of the secrets are revealed and you'll be left with a smile on your face as the credits role.  It's a film about obsession and revenge.  Jackman and Bale are wonderful as are the rest of the cast.
B0000024W3|1.0|What was the event that told us the '60s were really over? Was it the election of Richard Nixon? The Kent State murders? Or was it 1970's Self Portrait? The first song, in which Bob doesn't even bother to make an appearance, consists entirely of women singing the phrase \\"All the tired horses in the sun / How'm I supposed to get any ridin' done?\\"--14 friggin' times. Incredibly, unthinkably, it goes downhill from there. Pick your own favorite low point: Ours is the cover of Gordon Lightfoot's \\"Early Morning Rain.\\"
B000VR824S|5.0|Absolutely amazing.  So glad we purchased this item. Every Musician included in this, is at their best.
0618918248|5.0|Richard Dawkins' \\"The God Delusion\\" is a caustic but exceptionally well written skeptical critique of arguments for religious belief. Dawkins also includes plausible evolutionary explanations for the origins of religion and morality.     A few of Dawkins' arguments and critiques could be sharpened by professional philosophers and theologians--after all, Dawkins is writing outside his realm of expertise. But the fact remains that Dawkins writes and argues so lucidly and with such wit (page after page provides guilty giggles at the expense of religious friends) that the cumulative effect must be daunting for most religious readers.     One classic critique of pro-theistic arguments emphasized by Dawkins is that claiming design in nature implies a designer \\"raises the larger problem of who designed the designer\\" (p. 188). If the theist says, \\"Ah, but nobody designed the designer,\\" then the atheist has every right to say, \\"Ah, but nobody designed the things of nature either.\\" Dawkins is right to question the logic of the theistic argument from design, but this classic criticism exposes the profound mystery with which the universe confronts us. If we go back far enough in the history of the universe, we come upon something for which we have no explanation other than (a) it just happened, or, (b)it just is. There's no reason to arbitrarily introduce an anthropomorphic god as the preferred explanation since, again, there would be no explanation for that god. Humble acknowledgement of our ignorance appears to be the best response.    In addition to his criticism of theistic arguments, Dawkins also compiles a list of beliefs and examples of moral and practical idiocy from scriptures (primarily from the Bible, whereas Sam Harris concentrates on the Quran) as well as from professed beliefs of religious people. Dawkins' list is stunning, as are the lists compiled by other contemporary atheistic authors.     The weakest and most implausible part of the book comes in Chapter 9. Dawkins argues that it's morally wrong for parents to rear their children to believe in the parents' religion, and that this moral view should be recognizable and observed by religous parents. When the child is old enough, says Dawkins, let the child choose for himself.     Although the rest of Dawkins' book is excellent--far better than Daniel Dennett's wordy and more condescending \\"Breaking the Spell\\"--Dawkins' Chapter 9 persuades me that Dawkins' antagonism to religion blinds him to the profound mental states and moral standards that can be achieved by religious belief and the demands they obviously would make on parents.    Even so, it's a great book.
B0011NVC9I|5.0|I enjoyed it. A lot.  I think this reinterpretation of the classic poem is fresh and brilliant.<br /><br />A lot of people get snarky about the deviations from canon. I can sympathize with them; I felt the same way about Lord of the Rings.  There aren't any G-rated words to describe my absolute loathing of that film after my first viewing.  But, after divorcing myself from all text-based expectations, re-watching the film was quite a different experience and I even bought the extended version for my viewing pleasure.  I think the same thing holds true for Beowulf. So don't try to make comparisions, just watch the movie and enjoy it for it's own merits.<br /><br />I give it five stars: four-stars for the film, plus a bonus star for fangirl loyalty.
0143038583|5.0|If I could afford it,I would send this book to everyone I know. Mr. Pollan manages to enlighten the reader about how food is produced, discusses the merits of organics, and provides much food for thought in an interesting format. I appreciate how he presents the facts and doesn't have an axe to grind. I feel I have made more informed food choices for myself as a result.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|The series is just as good on DVD as it was on Television but with one ubiquitous alteration...The narrator's voice is male!  It was certainly odd to get used to at first but it once I knew there was nothing wrong with my sound settings I was able to enjoy the cinematic masterpiece that this series is.
B000PC1N54|5.0|La Scala, Milan pulled out all the stops in their staging of Verdi's opera, which had not been performed since 1987. Zeffirelli's staging is highly effective and one could not have expected anything less than excellent from this seasoned director. The principals are a mixed bag, depending on how you like your singers - Alagna's lyric voice has grown and he has no problems sustaining the role's demands once he gets past 'Celeste Aida' and Violeta Urmana has a big voice and can shade it down to a fine whisper when required, although I personally feel she is not completely within the role's demands vocally. The supporting cast is excellent and Riccardo Chailly conducts a fine account of Verdi's score.
B000MRAAJW|3.0|I bought this thinking that it was the same thing that I saw on the Discovery Channel. The biggest difference that I noticed was that it doesn't have \\"The Future\\" episodes on the discs, like the Discovery versions do. It also only has narration by David Attenborough, and often times gives units of measure that I am not familiar with such as a hectare, sorry for being ignorant, but I don't have any idea what that is. All that said the entire series is amazing and well worth owning, but just make sure that you get the Discovery version of the discs that has all the features of these discs and a few additional.
B000VWYJ8G|4.0|While I have never been a big Matt Damon fan, I am probably too old I have once again been drawn into the Bourne series. As in the past I find myself immediately engaged and engrossed in the action and story line of the film. This is definitely a film worth watching more than once. Kudos to Matt Damon and the film makers who once again have succeeded in making a quality sequel.
B000OV170W|2.0|My basic feeling about this book is that it is about 150 pages too long.  My second reaction was that the ending was far-fetched and unbelievable.  I got tired of the lingering \\"mysteries\\" (why did Campbell have a \\"service\\" dog? why did Campbell leave Julia, the love of his life without an explanation?  Why did Julia take him back so easily after 15 years, and with so many unanswered question?)    The ad nauseum rhetoric also got on my nerves.  How many times and in how many different ways and to how many different people can you can you ask the same question?    Jody Picoult is one of my favorite authors.  I never expected to write a poor review on one of her books. I have read many of her other books and they are wonderful, so I won't give up. I just hope that's the only stinker in the bunch.
B00004Y6NP|5.0|One of the great things about the internet to me is being able to purchase CDs of the great records that have long since been worn out. This is one of those albums and it has been such a treat to listen to the Album without skips and jumps. I believe this album was the first to really put them on the charts and it was so deserved! Go Mark Go!!!
B000E1YVZU|5.0|I have viewed this movie many times and get something new every time I see it. It is an important message for the age we live in where the almighty dollar speaks above everything. It gives me hope to know that the characters in this movie are inspired by real people who value love and friendship above everything else.<br />I have read reviews that say the actors are too old to play these characters. This is not true. It is really inspiring to know that the original actors cared enough about their characters to play them on the screen. i would recommend this movie to anyone that wants to see a movie with great music, inspiring characters and a riveting storyline.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|I have the 1995 version, and am a loyal fan.     This did not stop me from enjoying this version, as much, and in some cases more, than the previous one.      I felt that many of the characters were less \\"over the top\\" in this new version, and more believeable.  I liked the fresh take on it.  I particularly enjoyed the performance of Rupert Penry-Jones.      As an avid fan of Jane Austen, and an owner of many versions of many of the film adaptations, I can recommend this as a delightful and heartfelt presentation.
B000001EGA|5.0|CAPTAIN FANTASTIC AND THE BROWN DIRT COWBOY is a great album that traces the lives of Elton John and his lyricist Bernie Taupin, and especially their working relationship. The album, despite hitting Number One, only spawned one hit single, the Number Four ballad \\"Someone Saved My Life Tonight\\", which was about how Elton was advised by Long John Baldry not to go ahead with his marriage plans, as they were obviously driving him to the edge of doing himself in. However, that wasn't seen as an issue, as the album was meant to be a concept piece, not a collection of individual singles as his other albums had been. That said, despite its five-star rating, its predecessors, including HONKY CHATEAU, GOODBYE YELLOW BRICK ROAD, and CARIBOU, as well as its direct successor, ROCK OF THE WESTIES, are slightly better and should be purchased first.
B000YA82F6|2.0|I found this story to be completely juvenile.  The premise wasn't bad, but I just didn't like the character of Juno.  I found her annoying actually.  What gets me the most is that this movie actually got nominated for best picture...but thank God it didn't win.     Blechh.    Save your money.
B000BYA4JM|3.0|I love this movie but I have to watch DVD's on my playstation and it doesn't work..so I just have to wait untill I can buy myself a new DVD player.
B00004RF9B|5.0|This sci-fi flick is still hard to beat - I saw it the first time in the 50's on a regular theatre screen - at the time, other space flicks were phony - Forbidden Planet was the only realistic sci-fi with a thought provoking plot, for decades to come.
B000FQJAIW|5.0|It finally hit me.  We can't change anything here. You can either buy it or don't buy it.  I personally did not buy this 2006 version because its the same as the 2004.  I didn't think so before, but the CGI and other special treatment is easy to look past.  It takes too much time and energy to fret over this.  If Lucas does release the originals in 5.1 sound, then I'll bite, but until then....it's ok.  It's not the end of the world anymore.
B000W4KT6E|5.0|My wife and I love this movie. It just makes you feel so good. We keep watching it!
1582701709|3.0|Inspiration to laugh your head off!  What a bunch of baloney!  The idea is that if you just wish for something hard enough, you will get it.  Now, I understand the idea of positive people attracting positive things into their lives,and that's all well and good.  However, the so called experts (idiots) in this video are focused solely on material things.  They ACTUALLY say that if you keep thinking about a new car you want, it will spontaneously APPEAR in your driveway.  I kid you not.  The only reason I gave this 3 stars is that it gave me something to laugh at.  I'd file this under C - either for Comedy or Crap.  Take your pick.
0440238609|4.0|Like the Harry Potter series, this trilogy is aimed at the teenage reader, however will be enjoyed equally by adults.  It is a \\"messiah\\" story, where an often unaware person is earmarked by prophecy to save the world.  Set in parallel universes, the story has our heroine embarking on adventures that are amazing and surprisingly believable, With the help of her friends, she undergoes and survives trials and comes through to a surprising conclusion.  The trilogy explores relationships with parents, the nature of friendship, religion (missing from the film) ,the nature of the soul, death and first love.  I found the books hard to put down and read the trilogy in a matter of three days.
140120306X|1.0|Is there a ton of easter eggs in this book?  Probably, but I didn't care to look.    Is this a literary masterpiece?  No, but there is more work per page than perhaps anything I have ever read.    Is it worth that wait?  Absolutely not, and I would like mt $20 and 2 hours back.    This book is like Modern Art.  If Alan Moore spent an hour explaining his book to me, I might recognize it as truly brilliant, but I shouldn't have to have it explained.  The Black Dossier will entertain alternative high schoolers and literary majors to no end, as they one-up each others' brilliance, but I prefer a tight read.  Something can be brilliant AND accessible.  The beauty of the previous LOEG was that you could pat yourself on the back for recognizing a reference, but you didn't have to study a 100 year old encylopedia to get evry reference.  I'm sure Alan's close friends loved the book, but forget it.      The book is over-worked and the last 20 pages are such a mess that I can't find a better word in the English language than mess.      And while I am no proponent of drugs, this book is cheaper than dropping acid.  And produced the same effect.
B000Y179KO|1.0|Eagles fans, beware. This two-disc set is horrible. The Eagles went into decline after \\"Hotel California,\\" even though they kept charting with lesser material for a few years afterward. Then, while their position on the creativity scale had secured itself at the \\"Mediocrity\\" mark, they retired, thankfully, before descending further toward \\"Painfully Bad.\\" Well, now they've re-emerged, only to reveal that their downward spiral had continued, inaudibly, all those years, and they've now fallen below \\"Painfully Bad\\" and into the category of \\"Unlistenable.\\" With the exception of one cut -- \\"How Long,\\" which was written by non-Eagle (but frequent song contributor) J.D. Souther -- \\"Long Road Out of Eden\\" proves the creative songwriting well of the Eagles has gone dry. Bone dry. Death Valley dry. Had any songs (apart from \\"How Long\\") on this set been offered up to a record label by an unknown songwriter, they'd have been summarily rejected. The melodies are comprehensively unengaging, and the lyrics are amatuerishly trite and cloying. Take my word for it, fans (and I count myself in that group), this reunion was an artistic waste of time -- don't waste your money on it.
B000A6T1JU|1.0|DId not enjoy the directors cut. One of my favorite movies, but the directors cut ruined it for me.  Get the ORIGINAL.
B0002S947K|5.0|As a whole, this is his best album and a great return to classic folk music.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|I saw Celine Dion's show in Las Vegas several times.  She is an outstanding singer and dancer.  She made good use of the multi-media stage at the Collosium in Caesar's Palace.  She is a very warm and friendly person, who captures her audience's attention and keeps it.  If you missed her show, then by all means purchase the DVD.
B000P2A256|5.0|This is my first time listen to a Maroon 5 cd.  I really like it.  The songs seem short but its still has alot of good tunes.  Highly recommended.
B000VWYJ86|5.0|I received my DVD of the Bourne Ultimatum in just a few days after ordering it.  I am very happy I purchased it, since this is an exciting and enjoyable movie to watch.
0375408266|2.0|A small town in Germany, 1958. A 15 years old boy, Michael Berg, becomes ill in the street, and is soon diagnosed with hepatitis. As soon as he recovers, he goes to see the woman who helped him when he fainted on the street, the 36 years old Hanna. He thanks her for her action, they become friends, and soon lovers (statutory rape? what's that?). Hana, who works at the trolley as a ticket expender, asks Michael to read her books, classics mostly. Their relationship lasts a few months, and includes a visit to the countryside, but soon Hana mysteriously vanishes, after she was offered a promotion at the trolley company. Some years later, Michael has become a law student. As part of his training, he is asked to go and witness a trial of former Auschwitz guards with his class. And, who knew, Hana is among the accused. The crux of the novel is when Michael realizes (SPOILERS AHEAD) that Hana was illiterate. She was sent to Auschwitz because she feared that if she continued working at the factory, her illiteracy will be discovered. Therefore, she was really innocent (hey), but she is too ashamed to admit her illiteracy to the judge. I don't want to add more, but this novel, while correctly written, leaves a very bad taste, a combination of sleaze, improbable situations and opportunism (another novel that uses the Holocaust as a poor excuse for a plot?).
B000MNP2KI|5.0|Casino Royale is a very entertaining movie, with an excellent new James Bond, Daniel Craig, whose athleticism adds a great deal to the movie.  The film moves at a very rapid pace.  It is filmed in a variety of countries, thus adding to the interest generated by the story itself.  It is a very enjoyable film to own, one which you could see multiple times.
B000QUCNP4|4.0|To my knowledge, The ZODIAC killings were known as \\"a riddie, wrapped around a mystery, wrapped aroung an enigma\\"; before I saw this David Fincher Classic.\\"    In my opinion, a David Fincher film is an automatic, \\"must see\\". However, I made the moviegoing mistake of not seeing this film in the theatre. No worry. That's why Man invented the DVD. This . . . movie . . . is . . . amazing! Fincher does a captivating job of pulling the viewer in to the story. Yes, there was a monster of a man doing these horrible acts of human destruction. BUT, unlike most murder mysteries, Fincher's focus seems to be away from the \\"murderer\\" and closer to the horrific acts of violence. I as a viewer got the idea that the real main character could be described as \\"the desire to get to the truth\\" About this evildoer. Because of Fincher's style, the viewer must beware of the unconventional storytelling employed here. This ain't your average movie, folks. I would hope most \\"David Fincher fans\\" would agree.
B0012QTT6M|5.0|What if you had a paradigm shift, and suddenly the whole world looked different? What if you stopped following the rules? How many avenues would it open up? This walk on the bad side is a fascinating and humourous show worth tuning in for.
B0007PALZ2|5.0|This is one of the essential Sci-fi movies I think. Here you can see all the classics dilemmas on this kind of movies, and specially, how baddly could be the human.  Also you can see how could be some time travel dilemma, how someone came from the future could change his own past and his own future.  It's not a sweet movie but anyway you could enjoy it.
0805047905|5.0|I've downloaded a song that is attributed to Raffi (although you never can tell with third-party downloads) which is this book basically sung to the tune of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.  My boyfriend's daughter fell in love with the song before I knew the book existed.  Maybe on the nights that you're just too tired to read, the children could look at the book along with the song.
B000F2C7TU|5.0|I think Amazon needs to pay me some dividends!! When this first came out Amazon was listing this for a price of between $35 and $45. I had to go elsewhere to get it for the price it was really worth. Now after paying $25 elsewhere, Amazon lists it for less than $20. What a rip off!!
B000068TPN|5.0|No matter what anyone says about Mel Gibson's real life, he knows how to make a movie that moves you. And is real. And holds no punches.<br /><br />Braveheart, We Were Soldiers, Apocalypto, all are REAL life, and he films them true, emotional, and as bloody as the times they portray.<br /><br />All the details can be found on other reviews...the dates, the names. I only want to review the emotions of this movie, and its quality. Because it is the emotions of Vietnam, that we carry to this day.<br /><br />When I was 17, I had already had my first two induction `interviews'. I was 2 weeks from being inducted. I had scored 99% on the tests and was told I was going to be a 2nd Lt., which meant an immediate detail to the front line as cannon fodder. My neighbor, Steve Buck, came home from Vietnam after 4 years. He was there as an adviser, and he was a Seal. Steve was involved some of the very first Viet/American confrontations. His stories were of blood and horror, and of futility. He lived across the street from my family, and we heard his nightmare screams in the middle of the night. His nightmares were horrible. As a young man who abhorred war, I tried to ask him what awaited me. The talks were usually accompanied by his bursting into tears for the friends he lost. His answers were about the closeness of his fellow grunts, the BOND between soldiers, that they were closer than family, and the ideal that they lived together or died together, at least in the beginning. Later, it became just the desire to survive.<br /><br />This film shows the first confrontations. When the idealism of One Unit to live or die existed.;..when commanders were the father to the grunts. It also shows the men as fathers, especially Gibson's scenes with his family before he is sent to fight.<br /><br />Gibson shows that early war dedication as Lt Hal Moore, in charge of troops surrounded by the enemy (a la `The 300'). He is repeatedly told to abandon his troops, but refuses. Instead of the usual Pretty Boy role, Gibson is hard and gritty, as he was in Braveheart. It is Lt. Moore's dedication to his men that is the whole point of this film.<br /><br />Greg Kinnear shows his acting skills as the helicopter pilot who refuses to abandon the trapped squad. Anyone who doubts Kinnear can carry a role must see this film. The empathy he shows for the ground troops is almost overwhelming,<br /><br />The soundtrack is moving. the cinematography is exact, and the brutality is not skirted. The color is artfully washed during the battle scenes to show the darkness of battle and death. But at the same time, the blood is  scarlet to highlight the pain and horror.<br /><br />If you are into war movies, I advice this film, as well as `Saving Private Ryan', and `Full Metal Jacket'. These films deal with the emotions of war.gritty, as he was in Braveheart. It is Lt. Moore's dedication to his men that is the whole point of this film.     Greg Kinnear shows his acting skills as the helicopter pilot who refuses to abandon the trapped squad. Anyone who doubts Kinnear can carry a role must see this film. The empathy he shows for the ground troops is almost overwhelming,    The soundtrack is moving. the cinematography is exact, and the brutality is not skirted. The color is artfully washed during the battle scenes to show the darkness of battle and death. But at the same time, the blood is  scarlet to highlight the pain and horror.     If you are into war movies, I advice this film, as well as `Saving Private Ryan', and `Full Metal Jacket'. These films deal with the emotions of war.
B000F3T7R4|5.0|I think Amazon needs to pay me some dividends!! When this first came out Amazon was listing this for a price of between $35 and $45. I had to go elsewhere to get it for the price it was really worth. Now after paying $25 elsewhere, Amazon lists it for less than $15. What a rip off!!
B00070Q8DQ|5.0|Demigod is my favorite album by Behemoth.  It is very good death metal, and they also have a few really good guitar solo's
B000K4X2UQ|5.0|I think Amazon needs to pay me some dividends!! When this first came out Amazon was listing this for a price of between $35 and $45. I had to go elsewhere to get it for the price it was really worth. Now after paying $25 elsewhere, Amazon lists it for less than $15. What a rip off!!
B000HWZ4A2|3.0|I had never heard of Ayn Rand before last summer. Somehow she had slipped through. Upon recommendation I read \\"The Fountainhead\\" while traveling. Now home, I watched the 1949 film adaptation last night. I have admittedly never read anything else by Rand. But with \\"The Fountainhead\\", both as a novel and as a film, I have a very conflicted relationship. I will refer to both the novel and the movie as basically being one in the same. The film for me, and I suppose this is a criticism, was basically a recap of the book. The novel is written in such a way that from the start it reminded me of a Hollywood studio picture, and as the film proves the jump from the page to the screen was not a long one. Sure the film cuts out a good half of the material in the novel, but that which remains stays true to Rand's general style and her ideas are put across with no loss in complexity or meaning. That too was a criticism. And with the film, just as with the novel, I had the same conflicting urge to both marvel at its bravado and, at the same time, to throw the whole thing out the window.<br /><br /> Ayn Rand is a terrible writer. And the filmmakers behind this movie were no masters themselves. I found it amusing that \\"The Fountainhead\\", a story about restless individualism and groundbreaking originality, should be made by a group of such un-notable studio yes-men. I also found it appropriate. Ayn Rand, as a writer of fiction, did not seem to have an original bone in her body, and neither do these filmmakers. It is a 1940s studio film of only the most standard quality. Sure it may have been a bit more ruggedly sexual and pseudo intellectual then its contemporaries, but in regards to both content and especially form the movie is distinctively average. The camera does nothing of note, and neither do the actors really, then again Rand's characters are so astoundingly static and one-dimensional, in both novel and film, that it would have been a near Howard Roarkian feat to bring any life to them. The only actor I thought particularly well suited for his role was Gary Cooper who was finally given a character as bland as his own style of acting. I'm sure there are lots of diehard Cooper fans out there. I am not one of them. But if we are to praise a film for accurate adaptation then there are certainly triumphs to be had. The film is as pedantic and clich&eacute;d as the novel. The characters are as insultingly unrealistic as they are in the novel (Roark, D. Francon) and given just as little chance for redemption if flawed (Keating, Wynand). And Ayn Rand's philosophy of objectivism is both as intriguing and at the same time annoyingly frustrating as it is in the novel.<br /><br /> So now that I've had a bit of a rant about how, in terms of form, just how bad \\"The Fountainhead\\" is, let me now address my conflicted relationship with its content. As bad as \\"The Fountainhead\\" is both as a film and a novel, I would say that few things I have either read or seen in recent history have had a greater impact on me or have stuck with me as persistently as this work. This is a compliment. Ayn Rand may have been on to something. Her views on originality and self-determinism do hold merit with me and I have often found myself thinking of Howard Roark when trying to find direction in my own life or when attempting to figure out what to do next. I like her description of selfishness, I think her views on genius and individuality are often healthy and inspiring. Unfortunately I also think that they are often the cause of most of the world's troubles, namely wars and industrialism. George W. Bush possesses perhaps a little too much of the Roarkian spirit. Her views are also often unfortunately simplistic and occasionally near infantile. Most people are not geniuses. Most people are unsure of what they want out of life. Most people, geniuses included I feel, have doubts, fears, pressures, insecurities, and, yes, even an unfortunate consideration of what other peoplethink of them. This is healthy. It is part of being human. It is also an essential ingredient of great art. Ayn Rand believes that we should have an ideal to strive for, and that with Roark she has provided one, but she has made it so dogmatic, so beyond the grasp of any real person, that I fear little more then disappointment and loneliness would lie in wait for anyone who dared to reach for it. Her biggest failure to me as a writer is her apparent blindness to the ways society and humans as individuals actually behave and operate and her insistence on presenting her readers and viewers with her own completely unrealistic and climate controlled universe, the only universe where an actual rendering of her ideals would be possible. Maybe I am just one of the `second handers' or `parasites' she so flippantly condemns and therefore cannot see the heights to which man can aspire, but, if so, I feel that I am not alone, that in fact there may be no alternative.<br /><br /> The ultimate frustration for me, and the proof of the unrealistic heights of her ideals, is again the poor quality of the work. She insisted, in a Roarkian manner, that no changes be made to her script for the film. She obviously felt that, like Roark's buildings, her ideas were her own, most likely brilliant and groundbreaking, and that no opinion or touch of the public should be thrust upon them. Good for her. That's all well and good, and maybe her example should be followed, but I find it ironic and disheartening that a writer so in praise of originality, so quick to triumph that which paves new ground for humanity, should present her ideas in such a pedantic and uninspired manner. Either Ayn Rand was a failure from the start or we now live in a world, some seventy years later, so oversaturated with every possible form and manner of `artistic expression' that originality is no longer possible. I have trouble believing this and instead feel that Ayn Rand is a hack, not because she is so original and so beyond my grasp that I, like Roark's public, cannot come to terms with her brilliance but because she, as a writer, cannot come to terms with everything that surrounds her little self-made, ideal bubble. The world and the people that inhabit it are not that bad. Concepts of community and society, as groups of people, are not inherently negative. Perhaps Ayn Rand could not see that. \\"The Fountainhead\\" is a second-rate adaptation of a second-rate novel by a second-rate writer/intellectual who had the basic notions of some possibly first-rate ideals, ideals she herself proved to be unobtainable. I have, so far, a very conflicted and ever evolving relationship with Ayn Rand.s healthy. It is part of being human. It is also an essential ingredient of great art. Ayn Rand believes that we should have an ideal to strive for, and that with Roark she has provided one, but she has made it so dogmatic, so beyond the grasp of any real person, that I fear little more then disappointment and loneliness would lie in wait for anyone who dared to reach for it. Her biggest failure to me as a writer is her apparent blindness to the ways society and humans as individuals actually behave and operate and her insistence on presenting her readers and viewers with her own completely unrealistic and climate controlled universe, the only universe where an actual rendering of her ideals would be possible. Maybe I am just one of the `second handers' or `parasites' she so flippantly condemns and therefore cannot see the heights to which man can aspire, but, if so, I feel that I am not alone, that in fact there may be no alternative.     The ultimate frustration for me, and the proof of the unrealistic heights of her ideals, is again the poor quality of the work. She insisted, in a Roarkian manner, that no changes be made to her script for the film. She obviously felt that, like Roark's buildings, her ideas were her own, most likely brilliant and groundbreaking, and that no opinion or touch of the public should be thrust upon them. Good for her. That's all well and good, and maybe her example should be followed, but I find it ironic and disheartening that a writer so in praise of originality, so quick to triumph that which paves new ground for humanity, should present her ideas in such a pedantic and uninspired manner. Either Ayn Rand was a failure from the start or we now live in a world, some seventy years later, so oversaturated with every possible form and manner of `artistic expression' that originality is no longer possible. I have trouble believing this and instead feel that Ayn Rand is a hack, not because she is so original and so beyond my grasp that I, like Roark's public, cannot come to terms with her brilliance but because she, as a writer, cannot come to terms with everything that surrounds her little self-made, ideal bubble. The world and the people that inhabit it are not that bad. Concepts of community and society, as groups of people, are not inherently negative. Perhaps Ayn Rand could not see that. \\"The Fountainhead\\" is a second-rate adaptation of a second-rate novel by a second-rate writer/intellectual who had the basic notions of some possibly first-rate ideals, ideals she herself proved to be unobtainable. I have, so far, a very conflicted and ever evolving relationship with Ayn Rand.
B000EXZDOQ|5.0|I think Amazon needs to pay me some dividends!! When this first came out Amazon was listing this for a price of between $35 and $45. I had to go elsewhere to get it for the price it was really worth. Now after paying $25 elsewhere, Amazon lists it for less than $20. What a rip off!!
B0011NVC9I|1.0|I didn't buy \\"Beowulf\\" for one minute.<br /><br />Director Robert Zemeckis, who built his career making enjoyable films like \\"Back to the Future\\", \\"Romancing the Stone\\" and \\"Forrest Gump\\", has been exploring the realm of computer animated films recently. He has even gone so far as to develop new technology so he can more convincingly capture actors portraying the characters he then has animated. His first foray into this field was \\"The Polar Express\\" in which Tom Hanks played a number of characters and all of the children in the film looked like soulless zombies. In \\"Monster House\\", the technology was used to better effect because the characters were highly stylized and looked like animated characters. They weren't trying to be real, so we buy into the scenario more readily. Now with \\"Beowulf\\", Zemeckis' uses Ray Winston, Angelina Jolie, Robin Wright Penn, Anthony Hopkins and John Malkovich to portray various characters in this completely computer generated universe. The characters look like the actors playing them, but they still move with the jerky movements common to video game characters and they still have that soulless zombie look in their eyes. My question is if you are going to go to the trouble to try to make Ray Winston look like Ray Winston (with the use of a body double), and Angelina Jolie look like Angelina Jolie, why not just use the actors in front of animated backgrounds, ala \\"Sin City\\" or \\"300\\"?<br /><br />It's strange that Zemeckis, who began his career making such fun and enjoyable films, starring personable actors (Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner) now chooses to make completely lifeless films using a technology replacing the very likable actors with pale facsimiles of themselves (Tom Hanks, Anthony Hopkins, Robin Wright Penn).<br /><br />The story begins with a party in a remote Danish kingdom. King Hrothgar (Anthony Hopkins) and his wife, Wealthow (Robin Wright Penn) are having a celebration, but the king has become very inebriated and seems to disgust his younger wife. Their merriment causes the great beast Grendel (Crispin Glover) to awake, his head pounding with the noise, a noise he must stop, so he attacks the village, killing many. Distraught, Hrothgar hopes for a miracle and promises his kingdom to whoever can slay Grendel. Enter Beowulf (Ray Winston and a body double). Beowulf treks to Grendel's lair and slays him, but now he has to deal with Grendel's mother, a dangerous beast who takes the form of a beautiful woman (Angelina Jolie) who vows revenge. She tempts Beowulf and they eventually battle. When Beowulf returns, Hrothgar makes him king, as promised, and gives him Wealthow as his wife. Then Beowulf must deal with other forces.<br /><br />Much like \\"Sin City\\" and \\"300\\", the use of computer animation is a really great method of recreating a land and time long ago. In this case, the filmmakers use this technology to create the remote, snowy Danish vistas of yesteryear. And the work is interesting to look at. Remote huts and community buildings look interesting and add some interest to the story. These same sets would cost a fortune to recreate and would probably not look as authentic as they do in this film, so creating them with CGI is a necessity.<br /><br />But because much of this film takes place in caves, or on snowy plains, the film retains a `cartoony' look, resembling a Hanna-Barbera cartoon. Really, some of the scenes in the film look like the background keeps repeating. This is not a good thing when a film is trying to be hyper-realistic.<br /><br />Zemeckis has spent a lot of time developing technology to make this type of filmmaking more realistic. Basically, they put an actor in a suit covered with tiny transmitters. They film the actor acting out a scene. They import the scene into a computer and the computer tracks these tiny emitters as the actor moves. This allows the animator to add clothes, costumes, backgrounds, while the movement of the character remains `natural'. Zemeckis has developed this technology to add facial expressions to the mix, something they were previously only able to do in limited doses. Unfortunately, it didn't work very well in \\"Polar Express\\", making all the children resemble zombies. In \\"Monster House\\", it was better. In \\"Beowulf\\", the facial expressions are a bit blank again. The characters certainly look like the actors they are playing, but the expressions seem a little off, the eyes a little vacant. I really think this has to do with the fact these are real actors playing the characters. The technology seemed to work in \\"Monster House\\", but that was because the characters were less realistic and cartoonier. In the two films where the characters are supposed to be more realistic, they appear more like avatars in a video game. Speaking of avatars, James Cameron is reportedly developing his own technology for his next film, \\"Avatar\\", due in 2009.<br /><br />Equally important are the character's body movements. In \\"Beowulf\\", the characters seem to move stiffly and even in a jittery fashion at some points. It just isn't convincing and makes everything seem more like a videogame. When I first saw the trailer, I thought it was an ad for a Wii game.<br /><br />Okay, let's put these things aside for a moment and address the story. The main conflict, the battle between Anjelina Jolie's character and Ray Winstone's happens in the second act. This leaves a lot of time, too much time, for the story to meander and try to paint a picture of Beowulf and a younger woman (Allison Lohman) having an affair, while Wealthow (Penn) looks on. Yawn. Then, the filmmakers seem to realize they need to have a climatic ending and throw in another battle. At this point, it just makes the film seem long. Too long.<br /><br />The 3-D technology has improved greatly. Disney is doing some interesting things with this technology and has made a new film \\"Meet the Robinsons\\" and re-released \\"Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas\\" with this technology. These new films look like they are truly 3-D, gone are the lines and shadows we used to have when this technology was first introduced in the mid 50s. There was a trailer for the first live-action 3-D film using this technology, next summers \\"Journey to the Center of the Earth\\" starring Brendan Fraser. It looks like an interesting idea, but the clips they showed in the trailer make the actors look flat as they traverse a 3-D landscape, much like the characters in Zemeckis' \\"Polar Express\\" and \\"Beowulf\\".<br /><br />Film wouldn't be where it is today without filmmakers experimenting and creating things like Panavision, THX, Roadshow presentations, 3-D and CGI to enhance their own films. Because of these advancements, we have had the pleasure of watching new films that could one day be considered classics, films like \\"Sin City\\", \\"300\\" and \\"Batman Begins\\". Without the development of the water creature in \\"The Abyss\\", we would never have had the amazing special effects used to create the Terminator in \\"Terminator 2.\\" In a way, the work of Ray Harryhausen on films like \\"The 7th Voyage of Sinbad\\" led to the amazing special effects used in \\"The Matrix\\". It seems difficult at this point to imagine, but perhaps, perhaps, one day the work Zemeckis is currently putting into these films and this technology may one day lead to some enjoyable, memorable films.<br /><br />But right now, we have \\"Beowulf\\", which is anything but. Enjoyable and memorable that is.technology to add facial expressions to the mix, something they were previously only able to do in limited doses. Unfortunately, it didn't work very well in \\"Polar Express\\", making all the children resemble zombies. In \\"Monster House\\", it was better. In \\"Beowulf\\", the facial expressions are a bit blank again. The characters certainly look like the actors they are playing, but the expressions seem a little off, the eyes a little vacant. I really think this has to do with the fact these are real actors playing the characters. The technology seemed to work in \\"Monster House\\", but that was because the characters were less realistic and cartoonier. In the two films where the characters are supposed to be more realistic, they appear more like avatars in a video game. Speaking of avatars, James Cameron is reportedly developing his own technology for his next film, \\"Avatar\\", due in 2009.    Equally important are the character's body movements. In \\"Beowulf\\", the characters seem to move stiffly and even in a jittery fashion at some points. It just isn't convincing and makes everything seem more like a videogame. When I first saw the trailer, I thought it was an ad for a Wii game.    Okay, let's put these things aside for a moment and address the story. The main conflict, the battle between Anjelina Jolie's character and Ray Winstone's happens in the second act. This leaves a lot of time, too much time, for the story to meander and try to paint a picture of Beowulf and a younger woman (Allison Lohman) having an affair, while Wealthow (Penn) looks on. Yawn. Then, the filmmakers seem to realize they need to have a climatic ending and throw in another battle. At this point, it just makes the film seem long. Too long.    The 3-D technology has improved greatly. Disney is doing some interesting things with this technology and has made a new film \\"Meet the Robinsons\\" and re-released \\"Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas\\" with this technology. These new films look like they are truly 3-D, gone are the lines and shadows we used to have when this technology was first introduced in the mid 50s. There was a trailer for the first live-action 3-D film using this technology, next summers \\"Journey to the Center of the Earth\\" starring Brendan Fraser. It looks like an interesting idea, but the clips they showed in the trailer make the actors look flat as they traverse a 3-D landscape, much like the characters in Zemeckis' \\"Polar Express\\" and \\"Beowulf\\".    Film wouldn't be where it is today without filmmakers experimenting and creating things like Panavision, THX, Roadshow presentations, 3-D and CGI to enhance their own films. Because of these advancements, we have had the pleasure of watching new films that could one day be considered classics, films like \\"Sin City\\", \\"300\\" and \\"Batman Begins\\". Without the development of the water creature in \\"The Abyss\\", we would never have had the amazing special effects used to create the Terminator in \\"Terminator 2.\\" In a way, the work of Ray Harryhausen on films like \\"The 7th Voyage of Sinbad\\" led to the amazing special effects used in \\"The Matrix\\". It seems difficult at this point to imagine, but perhaps, perhaps, one day the work Zemeckis is currently putting into these films and this technology may one day lead to some enjoyable, memorable films.    But right now, we have \\"Beowulf\\", which is anything but. Enjoyable and memorable that is.
B000K2Q5XE|5.0|I think Amazon needs to pay me some dividends!! When this first came out Amazon was listing this for a price of between $35 and $45. I had to go elsewhere to get it for the price it was really worth. Now after paying $25 elsewhere, Amazon lists it for less than $15. What a rip off!!
B0011ZNAIC|2.0|\\"Why is yogurt night so hard?\\"<br /><br />\\"Bee Movie\\", the new animated film created by Jerry Seinfeld, with the voices of Seinfeld, Renee Zellweger, Patrick Warburton, Matthew Broderick and John Goodman, is a cute film. Too cute.<br /><br />The title is a play on words, and this is about as edgy as the humor gets. B Movie is a term that used to be applied to a film made by a studio that was paired with a more expensive, more prestigious film. Basically, a second film used to fill out a double bill to give the customer the feeling they have received their money's worth. Generally, they were made by directors less respected by the studio and starred either new, up and coming actors or actors who needed a paycheck. \\"Bee Movie\\" is about Barry the Bee (Seinfeld). Get it.<br /><br />Barry and his best friend, Adam (Matthew Broderick) graduate from Bee College and immediately find they face a decision; they must choose the job they will do for the rest of their lives. But Barry wants to se the outside world, so he tags along with a group of bees that are charged with collecting pollen. Flying through the outside world, Barry's eyes are opened by all New York has to offer and he meets a human, Vanessa Bloome (Renee Zellweger), a flower shop owner (get it?) who befriends him from the buffoon (Patrick Warburton) who wants to be her boyfriend. As their friendship blooms, Barry learns humans have harvested a lot of honey, stolen it from the bees and decides to take them to court to get it back. It sounds like a good idea, but when he wins, an unexpected thing happens and he has to make everything right.<br /><br />The film is sprinkled with humor. Every now and then, Barry has a Seinfeld-like rift on what he is observing as a bee in the outside world. And some of the characters have memorable lines. For instance, the buffoon (Warburton) who wants to become Vanessa's boyfriend, is upset when she cancels Yogurt night. \\"Why is Yogurt night so hard?\\" he bellows as the door is shut in his face.<br /><br />And the environment of the hive is interesting; as the film begins, the animators take us on a whirlwind tour of the hive and all of the various aspects of it. This is a fast paced moment and provides for some neat visual gags.<br /><br />When Barry takes his flight with the rest of the bees who venture out of the hive, the animators have some fun with the flight, swooping in and out of box kites, through trees, across the New York landscape.<br /><br />The biggest problem with \\"Bee Movie\\" lies in the animation. It is well done but the style of the characters is too cutesy. As soon as I saw Barry and Adam walking through the hive, I immediately thought of a picture book for children. The animation is very stylized and far removed from reality, which is a good thing because a realistic bee probably wouldn't be too fun to watch. But they have, perhaps, gone too far in the other direction. Barry and all of his brethren resemble a Disney Baby version of a bee. A few years ago, Disney began creating Disney Baby versions of Mickey, Pluto, Donald, Minnie, Goofy and the rest of the brood, that are much rounder, softer, and cuter. Perfect for little babies and newborns, extending the Disney brand by capturing the kids even earlier. The bees look like that, rounder, softer, and cuter.<br /><br />If this were the only example of this, of catering to the very youngest crowd, it would probably be okay. But there seems to be a conscious effort to gear the entire film for this age range. The humor is light and less sardonic or biting than you might find. The story is a little simplistic. The acting is a bit broad. I think that you will find in any `classic' animated film the filmmakers have made a conscious effort to cater to both young and old. In all of the modern Disney classics, the animation is beautiful and strives to be as lifelike as possible. While they may include talking (or singing) animals, they also include humor geared specifically for adults and maybe even a little danger or threat. This makes these films enjoyable for the adults who are required to bring the kids to the theaters in the first place. And when those kids grow up, they remember the films with fond memories, introducing them to their children.<br /><br />\\"Bee Movie\\" isn't bad, it just isn't fast-paced enough to keep the adults in the audience enthralled. There is a scene late in the film in which Barry and Vanessa are traveling to California on a plane. Very quickly, things spiral out of control and Barry and Vanessa find themselves in control of the plane. There is a moment when Barry tries to explain to Vanessa what happened, which is the closest thing we have to the \\"Seinfeld\\" humor you would expect from him. It is a funny line and more of the same type of humor would have helped to make the film more memorable.<br /><br />\\"Bee Movie\\" has its moments, but I can't help but think the film is appropriately named. It will most likely be a B movie in comparison to the best Disney has to offer and anything Pixar ever does.ms enjoyable for the adults who are required to bring the kids to the theaters in the first place. And when those kids grow up, they remember the films with fond memories, introducing them to their children.    \\"Bee Movie\\" isn't bad, it just isn't fast-paced enough to keep the adults in the audience enthralled. There is a scene late in the film in which Barry and Vanessa are traveling to California on a plane. Very quickly, things spiral out of control and Barry and Vanessa find themselves in control of the plane. There is a moment when Barry tries to explain to Vanessa what happened, which is the closest thing we have to the \\"Seinfeld\\" humor you would expect from him. It is a funny line and more of the same type of humor would have helped to make the film more memorable.    \\"Bee Movie\\" has its moments, but I can't help but think the film is appropriately named. It will most likely be a B movie in comparison to the best Disney has to offer and anything Pixar ever does.
0307346617|5.0|Great documentory type book on World War Z. I couldn't put it down and finished in 2 days. Anyone of the \\"interviews\\" could be a novel in itself. Very cool!
B000K15VSA|5.0|The Ultimate Collector's Edition for Blade Runner is definitely worth getting. Watching the different versions of the movie helps you to understand Blade Runner better and gives you different perspectives of how the movie should be perceived.    The extra discs show the making of the movie plus incites from the director Ridley Scott, the actors, and even from Phillip Dick, the author of the book \\"Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep\\" which provided the inspiration for the movie to be made.    THIS IS THE WAY TO OWN BLADE RUNNER! Any other way is a mere substitute and is incomplete.    Thank you Amazon.com for carrying Blade Runner Ultimate Collector's Edition for such a fair price.    Tim
B000QUCNOK|5.0|To my mind, this is a nearly-perfect adaptation of the novel by Susskind (one of my all-time favorites.)  Ben Wishaw hits the essence of Grenouille brilliantly (he's intended to be emotionally flat.)  My wife doesn't like violent movies; but she has read the novel and really enjoyed this film.  Almost all aspects of the film are excellent.  Hoffman turns in his usual good performance.  The general mood is just right.<br /><br />The only flat part was (amazingly to me because I usually love his performances) Alan Rickman: he was either terribly misdirected or maybe miscast. Not sure, but his performance didn't fit for me.<br /><br />The public square scene and the final scene were amazingly well conceived and executed. I was wondering whether they would even film them. Brilliant.  I also didn't know how they could do the opening scene or the \\"cave scene,\\" or even if they would try.  But they did them all, very well.  It follows the book amazingly closely.<br /><br />Not your typical Hollywood movie, not by a long shot.  Nevertheless, excellent.  If you enjoyed movies such as:  Girl With a Pearl Earring, Hotel Rwanda, In the Name of the Father, The Constant Gardener, or Babel, I think you will like this movie.
0143038419|5.0|I was completely surprised to read the negative reviews here.  Yes, for the first part of the narrative she is a mess, but she never claimed to be a victim and makes it clear at the very beginning that the causes for  her misery were not the subject of this book.  This was about how she healed herself - a process that would be different for everyone.  I never expected to read a travelogue of Italy, India, and Bali but her experiences in each place provided the perfect circumstances for the stages of her healing - self indulgence, self discipline, then selflessness (she never got this last step entirely but it was a huge improvement).  I truly enjoyed her observations and sense of humour - loved the roosters announcing \\"how freaking cool it is to be roosters.\\"  Apparently, this book does not appeal to everyone.  If I had seen these reviews first, I never would have read it.  It took a lot of courage - not vanity - to write this book and I appreciate the honesty and wisdom she offers.
B000002JSJ|2.0|Coming on the heels of their finest work, Physical Graffiti, this is a largely phoned-in disappointment. Nothing stands out save Nobody's Fault But Mine, and even that is probably two or three minutes too long. With only seven songs, four of them six minutes or more, this is a clear example of the self-indulgence that dogged this band, or Jimmy Page to be more exact. Is there really a need for the nine plus minutes of half-hearted bluesy meandering we get in Tea For One? Additionally, several of the songs sound similar to each other and none of them, not even the opening opus (again, far too long) can compare to the best this band has delivered. Even the circumstances surrounding the recording of the album are no excuse for the uninspired songwriting. Zeppelin heads already own it, but the curious have a half dozen other much better places to start.
1596061235|3.0|Ever since the \\"Sandman\\" happened, Neil Gaiman has been 'hip' & 'hot'. The symphony of enthusiasm for his works reached a crescendo with the \\"American Gods\\", which had propelled me to buy this book. But, this book was quite below-par in terms of the impressions that a reader is bound to have after reading them. There are a few cute stories that you might feel like going through again & again, like \\"Chivalry\\" (an old lady and her finding of 'Holy Grail'). There are stories which just make you feel like a dumb for forking out good money to buy such stuff, e.g. \\"How to sell the Ponti Bridge\\". There are wretched stories like \\"Jack-in-the-box\\" and \\"Troll Bridge\\" which pushes you to a point where you have just missed the train (of meaning). But, there are stories like \\"October in the Chair\\" which stops you at whatever you had been doing. If you like to discover jewels in a heap of mundane, go for this book, esp. in this beautiful edition, so that you may enjoy the quest.
B000RZIGVS|5.0|The first one was received damaged and it was returned and I received this one in good shape two (2) days later.  Excellent service.
B000YIGNKE|2.0|I have never read the book nor finished watching the 95 version, but even I could tell that this was a majorly abridged version of Persuasion. It just felt way too short. The acting was fine I suppose, if not bland. And the ending was just so sudden and awkward. I agree with the reviews that mentioned the running around scene, and agree that NO proper woman of that era would ever do that. Just very awkward.
0743454537|5.0|What a suprise the ending was.  Almost depressing in a way because you are routing for the sister without the illness.  Wow I was amazed.
B0000CABBW|5.0|I received my dvd quickly, and it was exactly what I ordered.  I would make another purchase with them.
0061150142|4.0|This was my first Picoult book I ever experienced and it is definately one I couldn't put down.  It was amazing.  I was so excited to read every other book she's written after this.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|If you like good TV - or good movies - this is something you NEED.  Firefly was created by Joss Whedon of Buffy fame, and this is a fabulous series.<br /><br />Fox decided that they didn't want Joss et al to air the show in the order that it was written, thus people didn't get a true representation of how great it really it.  16 episodes were made (and are on the DVD) but they only aired (I think) 11...<br /><br />Don't let Fox's idiocy keep you from missing out on something truly great!<br /><br />Oh, and don't let the idea of a space western scare you off either - the character development is fabulous, and you will find yourself watching these episodes over & over & over... and wishing for more!<br /><br />and when you wish for more, get Serenity!
0743496728|5.0|Picoult did an amazing job in this book.  Not only does she dig deep into the insights of each character but she is excellent at not giving away the ending of a book.  I wouldn't for the life of me guessed what was going to happen at the end of this novel.  I can't wait to see what she comes out with next.
B000O5AYCA|2.0|Lazy baritone with all the soulfulness of a public address announcer mumbles inaudibly through 12 songs which share roughly the same inoffensive melody while band gamely tries to create dark, urgent atmosphere.  The album is politely soporific, an effect magnified by a muddy recording.  Boxer is easy to forget, and I plan to do so.
B000EXZI1Y|5.0|Another must for you collection. I can't say I have a favorite song or Cd, but this is a special one.
B000FVNX2Q|4.0|I'm in prep mode for the CFP.  I've owned more than a couple 12C's over the last +20 years and converted over to the 12C RPN thought process long ago, but was troubled by the slow speed on the old 12C for things like AMORT, and IRR. I figure I'll need all the extra time I can get during the exam.  I now have a 12CPae in addition to a couple of 12C's (I stash them places so I can always find one) and it REALLY IS much faster than the original 12C - easily six times faster for AMORT calculations.<br /><br />As mentioned, the book for the 12CPae is excellent, however it doesn't seem to contain the common program for bond duration.  I really like that this version holds up to 400 program instructions, but am troubled by HP's decision to add in algebraic capability instead of giving built-in bond duration or Black-Scholes.  The manual does contain a 99 step program for Black-S, which is a nice to have. Also, this new version still has the well documented problems with dealing with real numbers instead of integers in some calculations.  They should have fixed that first.
B000EXZI1E|5.0|It's not easy to find Bee Gees music, this one in particular. It's a great CD, I bought it used but you would never know it.
1594489505|4.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns is a very moving and touching novel about two Afghan women whose lives intersect in a strife-torn country. While early parts of the novel are plodding at times, the story revs up in the final third that it becomes a page-turner. The characters come to life on the pages as they deal with the Taliban, religious customs, and social mores peculiar to the Islamic nation. Some passages will bring outrage, others will bring tears. This novel provides keen insight into a different society that is both fascinating and foreboding.
B000ZHS3E8|4.0|This was SciFi with a bit of horror thrown in.  For most of the film, the main tension is associated with the dangers inherent in deep space travel towards the sun.  About 2/3rds of the way through you get a bit of horror thrown in, too.  Other than the fact that the movie, in the end, centers around trying to \\"jump start\\" the sun with a giant fission bomb (which just strikes me as scientifically unsound) it's not bad at all.  If you liked '2010', you'll probably like this.  Ditto 'Event Horizon'.    Event Horizon  [[ASIN:B000E1NXAY Event Horizon (Two-Disc Special Collector's Edition)]]  2010  [[ASIN:6305047448 2010: The Year We Make Contact]]
0060763892|4.0|In James Rollins's latest novel, THE JUDAS STRAIN gets its name from scientists who have coined the term after \\"studying the genetics of anthrax and other toxic bacteria.\\" It is a strain that \\"created the early ancestors of anthrax and other plague bacteria...and turns friendly viruses into foe.\\"    The story begins at midnight on the Island of Sumatra in Southeast Asia, in the year 1293. After the screams finally cease and last flames of the bonfires die out in the dark water, Marco Polo and his father whisper a prayer that God will forgive them for their sins. After praying, Marco, his father and his uncle began their return voyage from the Far East to Italy. They started with 14 ships and 600 men but arrive at their destination with only two ships and 18 men. One of history's mysteries persists: What became of the remainder of Marco Polo's fleet? The explorer never revealed what actually happened. Could it have been a deadly virus?    Flash forward to modern times. Dr. Susan Tunis and her husband Gregg have just celebrated their fifth anniversary on a yacht moored near Christmas Island. A few days later, while at sea investigating possible causes of scores of dolphins that have beached themselves along the coast of Java, a mysterious pall falls upon them. Has the deadly virus that may have decimated Marco Polo's crew laid dormant but is now preparing to unleash its poison again?    After a toxic plague erupts in the Indian Ocean, killing marine creatures, birds, animals and humans, a luxury cruise ship on its maiden voyage across the Indonesian Islands is converted into an emergency medical ship. Scientists and physicians from throughout the world are flown in to investigate the cause of the plague, isolate its victims and find an antidote. Then a team of ruthless Guild terrorists, led by an evil genius, hijacks the ship and takes over the quest for the cure. Susan Tunis appears to be the key to discovering the antidote, and the Guild has her under heavy guard. The terrorists are one step ahead of SIGMA Force and anticipate their every move. Could there be a mole within the ranks of SIGMA?    In the Vatican, Monsignor Vigor Verona, prefect of the Vatican's Secret Archives, receives a cryptic note instructing him to come to the Meridian Room, where he is shown a secret room that has been uncovered during a restoration process. He also is shown a series of ancient scripts written in \\"the language of the angels,\\" along with a symbol of a curled dragon drawn on a marble floor. The symbol is the sign of the Imperial Royal Dragon Court and its sinister Guild. What is the meaning of the message, and how did an unauthorized person gain access to the heavily guarded archives? Has a traitor infiltrated the Vatican? And how is this all connected to the deadly plague that threatens to unleash its destruction across the globe?    THE JUDAS STRAIN is a 400-plus-page adventure novel that takes us around the world in search of answers to questions that spark the imagination. Rollins's latest thriller should appeal to those who prefer books that focus on serpentine plots rather than multidimensional characters, and it will give readers something scary to think about while vacationing at the beach.       --- Reviewed by Donna Volkenannt
6303192459|5.0|In response to an idiotic and \\"uninformed\\", (despite his claiming to have actually viewed the film at least once!?), review by one, \\"C.Hoffman\\", of this truly romantic, great, sweet, classic, (and at one time dismissed by ME as \\"boring, scatter-brained and unfunny\\"), film that merely solidifies and proves to everyone that Audrey Hepburn was, in fact, the most lovely, charming, magical, and completely \\"irresitable\\" woman to ever grace the planet, I feel a need to point out that the film and its original Truman Capote story were indeed about a bunch of \\"narcissistic and shallow rich people, drinking and smoking and saying stupid lines over and over\\"... Like they all did and still do! (Go hang out with Paris Hilton for a few seconds and you'll see how true to life the little gay man from Texas had written it!) But the \\"point\\" which I must \\"point out\\" to you is that in each of their efforts to try and become one of these socially, (if not financially), affluent pigs in \\"The Big Apple\\" of the early 1960's, two very \\"real\\" people who were \\"running away\\" from life and from themselves somehow manage to meet, fall in love, and discover that what really does matter is not all of those creature comforts and attitudes that come with being a rich, socially affluent pig, (who calls everyone \\"Darling\\"), but that its their capacity to love someone else, and \\"be able to help\\" each of their true \\"selves\\" throughout all of the unknown \\"adventures\\" to come in this cold, hard, lonely \\"fact\\" we call a \\"life\\", for better or worse, that every single damned one of us \\"drifters\\" must take, first so we can lose, and finally find \\"ourselves\\", and start our \\"life\\" over again. But mostly, it's about how much more beautiful, and magical, and fun it can all be with a fellow \\"drifter\\", (or \\"Huckleberry friend\\"), along for the ride... Get it?!? (I know, it took me a little while too.) And one more thing, with regards to the offensive \\"stereotypical\\" Landlord character that the great Mickey Rooney unfortunately played, (NOT that he \\"wrote\\", or \\"created\\" or \\"directed\\", but merely \\"played\\" because he was \\"paid\\"!), he was Japanese, NOT \\"Chinese\\"! You could tell by the Japanese decor in his apartment, the multiple flashing camera's set up in it, the Japanese tea ceremony in his kimono, the steaming hot bath, the ridiculously big buck teeth, the \\"coke bottle\\" glasses, and all the other pre-post WWII insults and \\"attacks\\" made by all of u.s. against all of them, even those patriotic Japanese-American citizens who were stripped of everything then thrown into \\"internment camps\\" in the worst places throughout America, as well as his name, which was a very good clue too! ...Got it?... Good!fortunately played, (NOT that he \\"wrote\\", or \\"created\\" or \\"directed\\", but merely \\"played\\" because he was \\"paid\\"!), he was Japanese, NOT \\"Chinese\\"! You could tell by the Japanese decor in his apartment, the multiple flashing camera's set up in it, the Japanese tea ceremony in his kimono, the steaming hot bath, the ridiculously big buck teeth, the \\"coke bottle\\" glasses, and all the other pre-post WWII insults and \\"attacks\\" made by all of u.s. against all of them, even those patriotic Japanese-American citizens who were stripped of everything then thrown into \\"internment camps\\" in the worst places throughout America, as well as his name, which was a very good clue too! ...Got it?... Good!
0385338902|4.0|Upon reading the flap copy for Jonathan Tropper's latest novel, I prepared myself for a slightly depressing but mostly hilarious read --- a book that would make me think (a little) and laugh (a lot) but ultimately would have little effect on my consciousness. Boy was I wrong. HOW TO TALK TO A WIDOWER is instead the type of read that makes you feel like you're getting punched in the gut over and over again, and while there is certainly an intense amount of pain, the truth is that it eventually feels worth it.    Although you would never guess it from the deceptively handsome, hip and pulled-together leading man on the cover, HOW TO TALK TO A WIDOWER's protagonist is as disheveled and downtrodden as they come. After his gorgeous and supposedly out-of-his-league wife, Hailey, dies in a plane crash, 29-year-old Doug Parker spends the next year drinking copious amounts of Jack Daniels, moping around the house in his grubby underwear, and generally pretending that he doesn't exist. He is pathetic. He is painfully vulnerable. And he is undeniably annoying to the rest of the world who, although they \\"understand his need to grieve,\\" feel that it's time for him to buck up and get his life back in order --- especially in time for his younger sister Debbie's wedding.    The problem, of course, is that Doug isn't quite ready to move on. All of Hailey's belongings are still strewn about the house --- the red bra that she hung on the doorknob the night before she died; the racy paperback she was reading, still on the night table. On top of the physical reminders, a day doesn't go by without some sort of song, smell or taste triggering a memory of their life together. It's as if life before Hailey didn't exist. And life after her is just as hard for him to imagine --- until his family steps in.    Luckily for Doug (and HOW TO TALK TO A WIDOWER's guiltily enraptured audience), the Parkers are a wholly dysfunctional yet completely outrageous and lovable bunch. His pill-popping motheris a bonafide kook but oddly wise at the most inopportune moments. His twin sister Claire, who is in the throes of leaving her boring husband, is a pregnant, raging lunatic with an attitude and a potty mouth, but the one who finally kickstarts Doug's program for recovery. Perhaps the most interesting character is Doug's father, who suffers from bouts of dementia. \\"There are days when he's lucid and days when he's lost, but even on the good days, he's never quite sure about the details. He's a man constantly in search of context,\\" but a man who adores his family unconditionally, nonetheless. Throw them all together in a room and you're guaranteed a round of laughs --- a welcome respite from the otherwise relentless misery.    As the days draw closer, Debbie's wedding to Mike (whom she met at Doug and Hailey's house while Doug was sitting shiva) provides the ideal backdrop (and inter-character tension) for Doug's road to recovery. On the one hand, his family is busy thinking about things like dinner napkins and who might give Debbie away (the loony-toons father? The embittered, widowed brother?), and on the other, Doug is busy mucking up the back-on-the-dating-scene process by sleeping with his rich neighbor's buxom wife. Throw in the not-so-minor detail of where Russ, Hailey's pot-smoking 15-year-old son from a previous marriage, will live, and you have the perfect recipe for unmitigated disaster.    And this is precisely why HOW TO TALK TO A WIDOWER is so hilarious, unabashedly heartbreaking --- and so true-to-life. It's so rare that a writer can seamlessly convey the fragile (and very real) balance between comedy, tragedy and the bittersweet without completely overdoing the melodrama or making it kitschy, but Tropper manages to do it successfully without even seeming to try. Doug's soliloquies on all the various stages of grief are downright breathtaking --- not to mention incredibly moving --- and it's a wonder that the author isn't a widow himself to have been able to describe such a bewildering process with such apparent ease.    Tropper's newest novel is ultimately uplifting, but not unrealistically so. And while the undefined ending leaves more than a few questions unanswered, it only reinforces the idea that grieving --- and living --- is an unpredictable process and you never know what might arise around the corner. Without a doubt, HOW TO TALK TO A WIDOWER is sometimes funny, often poignant (in a dark sort of way) and relentlessly depressing. But is it a worthwhile journey to embark upon? You bet.       --- Reviewed by Alexis Burling
B00003CXCD|5.0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE! ! ! Gregory Peck is my FAVORITE ACTOR, ALONG WITH AUDRY HEPBURN (Actually making her DEBUT IN THIS and GOT EQUAL BILLING with MR. PECK!) That joke he played on her, was his idea and they filmed it and included it in the movie! I am SO GLAD THEY DID THAT! I am an OLD MOVIES fan BIG TIME and LOVE having those GREAT CLASSICS IN DVD FORM! ! !
B000VAPZM2|4.0|The second of the high school musical shows is a good view.  High School Musical 2 puts a fresh spin on the old after school special cliché plot line of be true to yourself and your friends, not to mention putting it to music.  When it comes down to it Disney did just that.  Some parts of the premise are a bit out there, such as the number of people hired without interview to a country club.  The music and performances are the primary redeeming elements of the show.  The addition of \\"Huma huma\\" to the extended edition gives the audience better understanding of the characters attitudes following the scene, in fact the plot did not make sence without it.  Most of the characters did grow and better themselves through the story.  To sum up the movie has good points: the moral, growth, music, and performances. There were some not so good points: premise, old hat story, and a plot that requires a high school mentality.  I do have one more warning.  H.S.M.2 does not follow the classic musical format very well.  Classic musicals use music to tell the story.   H.S.M.2 only uses about half of the singing scenes to tell the story the other half are random performances.  Albeit good performances they do nothing to further the story themselves.  All in all HSM2 is a better than average to good show, but not great, hence 4 stars.
B0002Z1EG2|1.0|Received the cd and it did not work just shows error on all my cd players
B00003CXPJ|5.0|Just silly, funny and you know they all must have had a blast when making this film! Watching it on regular TV is not nearly as fun as many words or scenes may be cut. Great cast and many cameos as who wouldn't want to work with Ben Stiller, as he seems to be quite the character.
B000AU9UYC|5.0|Great Movie and great quality dvd! It fit nicely into my collection. I can't wait for the next one to hit theaters!
0671042858|4.0|The novel really isn't a horror, but it is suspenseful. It's something<br />that people can relate with - childhood fear - being lost & alone.  I actually found this on my grandmother's bookshelf.  She isn't the type that would normally read a Stephen King book, but this one she did & enjoyed it too!<br /><br />Also, those who may be anti-baseball & think \\"uuuggghhhh baseball\\" & be turned off, shouldn't be.  I'm not a fan of baseball & enjoyed the book.  It's more of a book about primitive fears, survival & coming of age.<br /><br />I really liked this book.  Plus, it reminded me of being lost as a kid. As a kid I once got off the path/separated from uncle/lost in the woods.  It was less than a day, but alone in the woods as kid when it's dark, cold & rainy *IS* scary! So on a personal level it added something to the book.<br /><br />The only real problem I had w/ this book was how both Trisha's parents were sleeping at a hotel room while their daughter was lost in the woods & searchers were out looking for her. That just bothered me & seemed unrealistic.  I know my parents weren't shaking up at a hotel rm. when I was lost.  Also, I know if my child was lost either both my husband & I would be helping the searchers or at least 1 of us would be.<br /><br />Anyways, a good quick read.
0743289684|5.0|Many people seem to know about some of the major events in Ayaan Hirsi Ali's life without knowing (or caring to know) about her ideas--her upbringing in Somalia, where she suffered ritual genital mutilation; her flight to Holland, where she sought asylum; her election to Dutch parliment; the short film she made with Theo Van Gogh, which resulted in his murder by an Islamic extremist and serious threats to her own life; her moving to the U.S. to work with the American Enterprise Institute.  All of this is covered in her clear-eyed autobiography, \\"Infidel.\\"  In fact, most every detail of her life so far is covered.  The facts of her journey will likely be an education for any Westerner--and make no mistake, she wrote this book with Westerners in mind--but along with that, we get what amounts to a manifesto of her ideas, and how she came to them.<br /><br />In her view, actually, the term \\"Islamic Extremist\\" is something of a redundancy, since the way in which Islam is practiced in much of the world today is extreme in itself.  It's almost a hermetically sealed environment that cannot tolerate any outside influence.  Liberal Westerners are fooling themselves when they declare that Muslims in Europe are an oppressed minority--they see themselves as the only valid culture.  Although herself an apostate--an atheist, actually--she sees an Islamic Enlightenment as the only choice in combatting terrorism.  Encouraging women's rights is one of the major ways this can be accomplished.  Europeans cannot proclaim all women to be equal on the one hand while giving a pass to faith-based oppression with the other.  In her book, Ms. Ali uses the example of her own life to illustrate these points, and the end result is a vivid portrait of world we've been seeing from the outside looking in.  Flipping this equation is also one of her main goals in this book, and she acheives this with marvelous clarity.  One doesn't need to agree with her to appreciate this, and both liberals and conservatives will be challenged to shift their point of view.<br /><br />Ms. Ali's worldview is realistic, but at the same time idealistic.  She doesn't pretend that she alone can make a difference, but she remains hopeful she can begin a debate that will.  No matter what one thinks of her ideas, her story deserves to be listened to.<br /><br />(Side note: The film she made with Theo Van Gogh, \\"Submission Part One,\\" which sparked a murderous rage akin to the Danish cartoon controversy, can be found on YouTube, so people can decide for themselves whether its director needed to die and its author needs constant security.)ves will be challenged to shift their point of view.      Ms. Ali's worldview is realistic, but at the same time idealistic.  She doesn't pretend that she alone can make a difference, but she remains hopeful she can begin a debate that will.  No matter what one thinks of her ideas, her story deserves to be listened to.    (Side note: The film she made with Theo Van Gogh, \\"Submission Part One,\\" which sparked a murderous rage akin to the Danish cartoon controversy, can be found on YouTube, so people can decide for themselves whether its director needed to die and its author needs constant security.)
B000O1799U|3.0|The recommendation for DREAMGIRLS is based on the performances of all the leads especially Eddie Murphy, Jennifer Hudson (who won a Best Supporting Actress Oscar), and Beyone Knowles. A film which is loosely based on the Motown Story and particularly the group The Supremes. This reviewer enjoyed the film, however, it is one of those films where one viewing is enough and would not want to see again. The production values and direction are excellent along with the music and their set pieces are first rate.  However, the story is predictable following a template of a typical rock'n'roll rags to riches to break-up plotline.  The audience can predict what is going to happen after each scene in the film and what characters are going to do what. Eddie Murphy should have won the Best Supporting actor in the film instead of Alan Arkin's performance in LITTLE MISS SUNSHINE. However, perhaps the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences was in a way gave it to Alan Arkin because of his past work (and he is getting on in his years).  Also, Eddie Murphy released NORBIT during the voting period of the Academy Awards and everyone forgot about his performance in this film. Overall, a good film which warrants only one viewing and then put it on the shelf as a museum piece.
B00011RPB0|2.0|Coppola's film does a good job of capturing a mood: one of melancholy and wistfulness. And the soundtrack (more than anything else) solidifies this sometimes hypnotic and intoxicating mood. However, that is not enough to sustain a movie -- a music video, maybe, but a movie, no. The two characters of Bob and Charlotte, while sympathetic to the extent that they are strangers lost in a strange land coping with their emotions, are nothing more than two world-ignorant Americans who should never have ventured out their front doors. Gee, the Japanese (living in Japan!) don't speak English very well. That is not insightful. Instead, it is a rather sad commentary on how hopelessly vain and narrow-minded some Americans are when dealing with other cultures. By focusing on the one-dimensional stereotypes of how weird and un-American Japan can be, Coppola allows her protagonists to take the fool's approach. Bob and Charlotte spend half their time holed up in their hotel room and the hotel bar, wallowing in their disillusionment with life. Had they really been brave, they would have used the opportunity to explore the country and culture they came so far to get to. And in the process of this discovery, they very likely would have come to a better and deeper understanding about the country, and ultimately about themselves and where they're going.
B0001I561E|3.0|I acted up when I first saw this movie when I was little. I kept getting up and I don't remember whatelse I did. It's been so long ago.
B00123N9PC|4.0|Depeche Mode has had a long and storied history, going all the way back to the 1980s.  The group has produced a large body of consistently good music up to the present day. \\"Violator\\", released in 1990, is the DM album where all the stars seemed to align for the so-called synth-pop band. \\"Violator\\" is a blend of pop, dance, and Depeche Mode's signature observations of the darker side of life.<br /><br />The band's music is something that sort of gets under your skin after first listening to them; primary songwriter/guitarist/singer/keyboardist Martin Gore has an interesting view of the human condition.  Religion is an essential part of life, but is full of hypocrisy and contradiction.  The pleasures of the flesh are to be enjoyed, but may have moral consequences.<br /><br />\\"Violator\\" brings out all the best of DM's reflections in a package that is most enjoyable to listen to.  Out there on the dance floor jamming to \\"World in My Eyes\\", few are considering what it means-they are too busy having a good time.  \\"Violator\\" thus said something while giving something fun at the same time.  If you want to check Depeche Mode out, this is place to start.
B000FTWB7G|5.0|Evanesence Rocks Man An Awsome Second Cd Im Not Suprised Its Only Whats Expected Of Them To Be Soo Good Man
B000OVLBGC|5.0|Anyone who wonders what life will be like under President Hillary Clinton needs only to watch this film......
B000Q6GUT8|5.0|I watched this once (in the cinema) and am looking forward to watching it again (I watch alot of movies and probably watch about 1 in 20- possibly even scarcer than that- of these a second time.) This movie has it all (in true Hollywood style) and the plot was well thought out and intriguing. The characters are great(though there is little personal character development or much of a background of these) and its action packed from beginning to end.
0385340559|3.0|Alive but broken, a man is tossed from a helicopter like garbage into the California desert. Big Mistake!<br /><br />'\\"You DO NOT Mess with the Special Investigators!\\"'<br /><br />That slogan was and still is true of the MP Unit that loaner, drifter, equalizer, avenger Jack Reacher commanded. When Frances Neagley sends him an encrypted call for assistance, Reacher is on his way to find her and the person(s) targeting the Unit for death or disappearance. With a few of the Special Investigators, Reacher applies old fashioned police work to the investigation, rather than bending and making his own set of rules to complete this mission. Why his Unit?<br /><br />Child leads Reacher, Neagley, and the others through a labyrinth that keeps the reader on the edge of his/her seat most of the time. Though this 11th Reacher installment drags in some places and Jack's intense fascination with numbers almost had me putting BAD LUCK and TROUBLE down a few times, it will not disappoint Lee Child fans - it's just a little different than the prior Reacher books that I tend to like better. Hopefully, Child will pair Jack up with one of the unit in later books.<br /><br />Frances Neagley has helped Reacher in the past and she is in a different world than he is now, so we'll have to see what Lee Child has up his sleeve for the man who has no address, no ties, or does he? He is loyal to his special investigators and to those in need of his help.<br /><br />Will Jack Reacher finally grow up and be in this world, loyal to his brother and sister investigators while not quite breaking the Rule of Law to help a distressed person?
1573229725|5.0|Sarah Waters does it again. I was never a fan of lesbian fiction until i read \\"Tipping the Velvet\\". I bought it on the recommendation of a friend and had no idea of it's content. I was enthralled with Ms. Waters writing and story telling abilities. I have added all of her novels to my wish list and plan on reading them all.
0307237702|4.0|Barack Obama moves and shakes in a way that is so appealingly moderate and reasoned that even his detractors might catch themselves chanting \\"Fired up\\" and \\"Ready to go\\".  Part of what makes his rhetoric so powerful is the ease with which he articulates the every day fears, frustrations, and aspirations of Americans.    Maneuvering through history, personal anecdotes, and this broad but powerful idea of hope, Obama touches on the great issues of our time.  He speaks honestly, and probably pays a price for it.  In trying to reconcile all directions on the political compass, he may make some enemies, but his message is convincing.  He critiques all, including himself, and engages in the kind of questioning that is lacking in todays politics.     Obama gives us a look into his own historical conception of America and in doing so crystallizes his own viewpoints in the framework of the great American politicians, philosophers, activists, and thinkers. Referring back to his days as a Professor of Law, Obama makes great discussion of interpreting documents such as the US Constitution, Declaration of Independence and the Federalist Papers.  Moving on, he discusses the legacy of figures such as Frederick Douglass and William Lloyd Garrison as agents of the same American lineage of radicalism that bred the revolution.  Perhaps what is most impressive is his grasp of scripture and his evolution into a man of faith.  His respect for believers and non-believers, and comfort with his own faith is refreshing in an age that seems caught in a battle between the secular academic and the bible beater.    His understanding of race as a defining feature of American society is quite informed, and he has optimism that racial healing can occur.  His brand of hope is not a cheap brand of American optimism, but rather what Cornel West, author of [[ASIN:B000PGTF0A Democracy Matters: Winning the Fight Against Imperialism]], would describe as a blues optimism.      Anyone of voting age ought toread this book to help in making an informed choice in 2008.
B00005JOFQ|5.0|After the tragic and untimely death of Heath Ledger, I felt compelled to write a short review of \\"Brokeback Mountain.\\"  I still remember the icy day in January 2006 when I saw the film in the theaters...what an experience...beautiful direction, acting, and the score is haunting....I was saddened to the point where I was crying in my bathroom hours later.      This movie hit me on a level that I don't think will be repeated by any future films to come...it is that powerful, beautiful and raw with emotion.      I had to run out and buy it on DVD yesterday, just to feel the ache all over again...but the tears have new meaning now that the talented Heath Ledger is gone....I started crying as soon as he appeared in the film...    Thank you, Heath Ledger, for your talent, courage and for giving us a remarkable performance that opened our eyes and hearts.
B000002UB2|5.0|I'm 19 and a huge Beatles fan (like so many others, I know)    Abbey Road is a must have record for the collector.   What would I have wanted to knew before I purchased the product? Uhm...just that it would play. If you like the Beatles, you'll like this album.    Put the needle on, sit back and enjoy!!
B000IZJ1KC|5.0|its a great pleasure to hear that immortal have reunited and abbath has also put out his solo project. this album can be called sons of northern darkness minus the real black metal mayhem and adding a lil bit of lightness to it. this is a great album for anyone whos looking for something black but not so black metal...wait...its confusing...:P
B000W1V7KE|1.0|This HD dvd disk has a very poor picture and sound quality. This is one disk to avoid.
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|Obviously there is more plot and character development. The film is 45 minutes longer but it's worth it. It is not 45 minutes of dull scenes, but it makes the film more interesting.
B000VWYJ8Q|5.0|This is a great movie, keeps you on the edge til the very end. Great picture quality. The sound quality is amazing. Dolby digital plus is as good as the True Dolby digital track.
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I love this video.  I was an exerciser before pregnancy, but couldnt exercise due to nausea for the first trimester, afterwords, I bought this and it's perfect.  Not too strenious, but definatly helps me stay fit.  She has great exersizes for helping prepare for birth.  Highly recommended.
0307275639|5.0|The book Tuesdays with Morrie is about a man (Morrie) who just found out that he had ALS, which is also known as amyotrophoic lateral syndrome. This book was written by one of his students Mitch Albom, who used to adore this teacher. Mitch talks about his days with Morrie, as they talk about life and  specific things in it, like friends family and death.  Why talk to Morrie and not someone else? Because Morrie is more closer to things you can't buy, like emotions or aging, and he can tell a lot about them. And he does, to Mitch.   When Mitch was in college,  every Tuesday he would have classes with his teacher, Morrie. Mitch started to enjoy these classes, where they discussed things of life. Yet after collage-even though Mitch promises to keep in touch- he doesn't. And sixteen years go by before Mitch hears about his old teacher on Nightline, telling about his disease to the world. This is when Mitch plucks up the courage to see this elderly  friend.    One Tuesday, Mitch drives to his professor's house, and when he arrives, he can see the difference in his professor. Morrie is now confined to his wheelchair and his wrinkles got deeper, yet some things - like his smile and personality - didn't change. After they talk for a while, Morrie announced that he would like Mitch to visit him more often. Mitch agrees, and they settle on a specific day - Tuesday.   This soon becomes a tradition, Mitch visiting Morrie every Tuesday. And quickly Mitch gets a brilliant idea - to record Morrie speaking, for after he's pasted. And every Tuesday Mitch would pick a subject for them to talk about. It may be death, marriage or family. Morrie and Mitch voiced about a variety of things.   Tuesdays with Morrie lasted for almost 2 years, until Morrie died. The funeral happened with a small gathering, and Mitch felt lost. His teacher - his mentor - was gone. A saying popped into his head as he mourned, \\"When I'm gone, you'll talk, I'll listen.\\" And when Mitch tried it in his head, it feltnatural. Just as if Morrie was right there. And when he looked at the date - sure enough, it was Tuesday.
B000F3T3CS|5.0|This production is a delight, and displays the full comic and romantic potential of L'Elisir. I would especially defend Villazon against his critics: I thought his acting was perfect. You know from the moment he wags his little finger his character, personality, and motivations. It suffuses his hands and face.<br /><br />Some people also recommend the DG filming of the Pavarotti/Battle/Met. It has been a some time since I saw that version; I only remember it as an excruciating bore. Pavarotti was doubtless a great singer, but Villazon had more acting ability in that little finger than Pavarotti generally displayed in his entire body. (I must also confess that Battle, and the productions she is in, generally leave me cold.)<br /><br />Netrebko also inhabits her part--it doesn't hurt, of course, that she is ravishingly beautiful.<br /><br />I give this my highest, unqualified recommendation. It is simply FUN.
1400063515|5.0|Taleb strikes again, this time offering peeks into the source of his wealth.  (He made tiny bets against highly unlikely events knowing that these outliers are far more common that any of us supposes!)  He takes on the true dangers that we ignore and the false ones that we overweight.  Here's a hint: You are infinitely unlikely to be the victim of a terrorist attack and highly likely to be in a car accident, but which one does the government pour money into preventing?  This one is a fun read and highly educational.  Who knew that Nicholas Taleb was friends with Mandelbrodt?<br /><br />Peter Finfrock<br />[...]<br />Business Process Re-engineering
B000EHRVP6|4.0|I had put off watching this movie because it just didn't sound that great to me. Then I watched Bravo's more scary movie momments, and I thought I would get around to it some day. I wish it had been sooner, cause it's great!! Very intense! Now I have to watch Cabin Fever. I think that the plot's original, acting is great, and there was just enough gore without going overboard.
1594489505|5.0|Once again, Khaled Hosseini has given us a glimpse of life in Afghanistan through the eyes of his richly drawn characters.  While a work of fiction, one can't help but feel enormous empathy for those living an existance we can't begin to imagine.  It is also thought provoking to see how actions taken by governments in the West can affect the lives of those a world away. This will undoubtedly become a classic and may even become a film as did The Kite Runner.
B000K15VSA|5.0|Now I'm not going to lie... this is one of the cooler DVD packages out there today! The set contains five DVDs, (one more than the regular special edition) production designs and production stills, a movement cell, a \\"Spinner\\" replica, and an origami unicorn replica. Everything is topped off with a signed plastic letter by the director, Ridley Scott. On top of that, there are only a limited supply of suit cases (designed after Harrison Ford's in the film) and each one has it's own identification number on the bottom, unique to each case.<br />Seem like overkill?<br />Well, let's talk a little bit about the film itself. The story revolves around a special policeman/bounty hunter (Blade Runner Unit), who has been assigned to eliminate 4 murderous androids who have made it back to earth from an off-world colony. The androids, known as replicants, have only a certain amount of time to live; for their specific model 4 years. However, as we progress through the story, we begin to see the desperate goal of the replicants: to obtain more life. The plot writhes around different concepts of what make us human, and of course, what doesn't.<br />The original release of the film contained a narration that many believe to have been a bad choice. The ending is happier, and the scenes are shortened.<br />The directors cut, released some time later, contained a different (better) ending, no narration, and lengthened scenes.<br />The final cut, released this year, takes the directors cut, and makes it the definitive vision of Ridley Scott. For those worried that it will be too much, don't worry. It's not a whole lot different, however, it has some extending scenes that are worth seeing. Be warned however, this version is rather gruesome.<br />Overall, this package is remarkable. For the price you will pay, it is more than worth it. It even includes the extremely rare rough cut of the film, and a never-before seen documentary and deleted or alternate scenes. For anyone who loves this movie as much as I do, this is a must have.do, this is a must have.
B000AP2ZDK|4.0|There's nothing at all wrong with this album, except that it's not an album at all.  Donuts is essentially a beat-tape.  It's ideas that were probably meant to be fleshed out at some point in the future.  This is not an instrumental hip-hop album conceived and executed to stand on its own as a creative work.  With rare exceptions, these are snippets, not songs.  Granted, the snippets contained here are some of the last ideas we'll hear from a genius producer, but just realize what you're buying.    With that disclaimer out of the way, Donuts is one hell of a listen.  If I still smoked weed, this would be my accompaniment of choice.    Even in abbreviated form, Jay Dee's production evokes moods.  As a hip-hop fan, this essentially turns you into your own A&R as you imagine De La Soul on one track (\\"Two Can Win\\"), Biggie on another (\\"Stepson of the Clapper\\"), MF Doom on still another (\\"Mash\\"), and on and on.  There are even two joints back-to-back (\\"Geek Down\\" & \\"Thunder\\") that I would love to hear Drama use on his next T.I. mixtape.  But those are just some of my fantasy pairings.  You'll come up with plenty of your own.    Dilla pulls a 45 King (a la \\"Wooden Horse\\" and \\"Hard Knock Life\\") with \\"Lightworks\\" where he transforms a quirky jingle into an undeniable hip-hop burner.  Then there's \\"Time: The Donut of the Heart.\\"  This is a special case.  A nice little sample goes bananas as Jay plays with the time signature to drive it right over the top.    Donuts is an incredible collection of music.  As an insight into the creative process of one of hip-hop's most talented producers, it is invaluable.  But it's still not an album.
0316166685|3.0|Throughout the reading of Lovely Bones I was prepared to rate it a solid 4.  I was convinced Selbold would continue to provide a well-crafted story, but at the end I was stunned to discover that this book's strength, the ability to infuse the reader with hope, is also  it's major flaw. Why?     Sebold lays out numerous threads for us to follow. Some she ties loosely, others expertly, but the main chord,  the one that tugs at us the most, Susie's father's desperate yearning to find her, is left dangling and frayed.  Sebold takes us to the very teetering edge of that climactic possibility then suddenly casts a line 180 degrees opposite and yanks us into a scene that stretched beyond the believability she established. In effect, the fabric of the entire book felt flawed by that one large tangled mess.     If Sebold felt she could pull that odd conclusion into a tidy knot by implying that her father and family achieved resolution via Susie's fleeting appearances, then I argue that she did not anchor the emotion strongly enough in her characters, nor in me as a reader.    Smiles: for careful handling of a sensitive subject matter, painterly yet economic descriptions, believable characters, well-woven plot, and for maintaining suspense throughout.    Frowns: robbing us of our completion, departures from established tastefulness, some awkward sentences requiring rereading to understand, occasional vagueness, and blowing Susie's credibility as a character at the end. Also, Susie is a bit precocious.    Conclusion: A recommended fast read.  Be prepared for possible disappointment.   For parents: If this were a movie I would assign it an 'R' rating.
B000007UA4|5.0|My suggestion would be to listen to this entire CD a minimum of 8-10 times before attempting to form a firm opinion about it, as there is a lot going on here; there's plenty of depth and dimension that did not reveal itself immediately to the at-first casual listener, (namely myself).<br /><br />And it took me a while to get used to what began to seem like the underlying idea that Kylie was more (as if) the featured artist in a greater/group endeavor, rather than THE solo performer that the producers were building tracks for/around. I'd already thought the \\"old' Kylie was phenomenal, and so was having trouble fathoming what the shift meant exactly, and it was making me angry (how dare they!) - I was being sort of shaken to the core, if you can see what I mean. But after a couple of weeks hearing this over and over, this seemed to me in some ways even better than what came before.<br /><br />It's as if Stock-Aitken-Waterman 'decided' to make another great album, but this time freed themselves from the paradigm of building it solely around Kylie - it ended up with a much more collective or even tribal flavor, like this was some phenomenal variety show/musical, wherein she seemed more like the main lead singer/actress, part of the extended cast, rather than being a mere soloist. Herein, the back-up singers are more prominent on several tracks than on previous Kylie CD's; and Kylie BLENDS into that sort of thing more than before. There are times that her voice is layered with the earthier tones of the main back-up singer (like was done with Michelle and Cass of the Mamas and the Papas way back in the day, or like how a shimmering string section and an acoustic piano sound are layered together in a multi-timbral synthesizer/sampler). And there really are times you can't even tell if it's Kylie that's singing, layered or not. Once I got over being disturbed about this, it made my listening experience very interesting, and the overall sonic experience very fertile.<br /><br />As for the songs, there is a lot of variety - every track shines very well on its own - and the sequence of the tracks is phenomenal. (Once one gets accustomed to it, the thing stacks up very well next to what used to be called the concept album, especially given the fact that there are absolutely no filler tracks. I also like the idea of comparing it to a segment of the University of Michigan's School of Music, Theatre and Dance's annual Collage Concert in Hill Auditorium - all high quality, stunningly inspirational, emotionally engaging material, in a resonant acoustic space that shimmers like the Buddhist Nirvana.)<br /><br />Here are a few thoughts/notes regarding THE SONGS:<br /><br />1. \\"Word is Out\\": The influence of Stevie Wonder (writing and singing) is all over the verse section of this track. And the multiple recurring choruses will hook listeners until the end of time. There's great emotional color, and intense fervor all the way through. After I conquered the learning curve on this one - it became anthem-like! You can check out the video of this track on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD.<br /> 5++++ stars<br /><br />2. \\"Give Me Just a Little More Time\\": this might actually be better than the original, at least on certain days. The video is to die for (on the either the 'Greatest Hits 87-97', or `Ultimate Kylie' DVD's): they're in a club scene, sunlight streaming in the large windows - though it seemed to me like it had to be New Orleans, the club is actually somewhere in London. Everybody's dancing - it's dreamy, really.<br />5+++ stars<br /><br />3. \\"Too Much of a Good Thing\\": pays profuse homage, perhaps subconsciously, to the somewhat spare sound of [Soul II Soul featuring Caron Wheeler, here of course without Caron Wheeler]. Stock-Aitken-Waterman keep things more florid (as only they are capable of), but the punchy accents, the vocal phrasing, and rhythm all seem to owe lots to Jazzy B and his team. All in all, it's so unbelievably soulful, that I hardly notice that it's somewhat repetitious towards the end.<br />5++++ stars.<br /><br />4. \\"Finer Feelings\\": more Soul II Soul vamping, though it's subtler. Stock-Aitken-Waterman makes magic all over the place with this one - every detail of sound presents itself as if full of wonderment. It grows on you, then continues to grow on you, and then keeps growing on you some more. But upon reflection, that seems to be the nature of the entire album. You can check out the video of this track on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />5. \\"If You Were With Me Now\\": Is a terrific duet with Keith Washington: the singers' voices both soar - they are astounding here - things couldn't be any better! You can check out the cool video on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD - it's also very moving.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />6. \\"Let's Get To It\\": is an original-sounding, easy going dance track, with a great warm organ groove and punchy percussion accents. Kylie's lead vocal is a featured plus during the sparer mix of the melody of the verse section, which is obliquely-related to that of the chorus, dovetailing to perfection with that chorus's hook. I hope I don't seem too partisan with my effusive efflorescence when I say that this is one of those supremely fine good-vibe songs.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />7. \\"Right Here, Right Now\\": is immediately recognizable for the congas and (later on) the re-triggered vocal samples in its intro. The song displays a telling major-minor mode interplay throughout its melodic/harmonic texture, and emphasizes intense chorus work - that wonderful, magical old gospel influence is going to jump you and knock your boots off - folks, this one is way gone!<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />8. \\"Live and Learn\\": This has more very intense chorus work. Sixteenth-note groups in the verse melody and in the rhythm track (there and elsewhere) - and subsequent 16th-note based syncopations yield a relaxed, flowing funk rhythm that only somewhat belies the song's intensity. Iconographically speaking (if I may borrow from a visual arts term) the lyric and overall tone heads into similar territory as \\"Things Can Only Get Better\\" from the `Rhythm of Love' CD; and it's placed in a similar position in the sequence of tracks.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />9. \\"No World Without You\\": Is Kylie's intense and skillfully-sung solo ballad. The accompaniment is spare: clean guitar probably mixed with a warm clav, and what sounds like a stick bass on occasion - all triggered from a keyboard sampler (per the liner notes no `actual' instruments are used on this CD other than brass on a few numbers).<br />5++++ stars.<br /><br />10. \\"I Guess I Like It Like That\\": is a very long tribal-club-dance tune that totally funks it up. And does Kylie ever go wild when she leans and soars into those long, improvised melismas near the beginning of the track - you just gotta hear this!<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />We already know how almost unfailingly great Stock-Aitken-Waterman were as songwriters, arrangers, and style jockeys, and that their recording/mixing/mastering engineering team has vaulted into contention for being judged as one of the best ever on the planet!<br /><br />In answer to the criticisms that SAW copied various styles of American R&B [without actually stealing melodies, of course] - Waterman answered (in an interview/article viewable on the unofficial SAW website) that they in fact did it much better than the Americans, whose music he said sounds watered down by comparison. Though this may seem arrogant and presumptuous on his part, I had already come to this conclusion before having read his statement/interview. SAW not only wrote great music - they managed to get their singers/artists to perform better than usual, and, seemingly, better than everyone else around at the time.<br /><br />N.B. I haven't heard it stated anywhere that Kylie was angry at her producers, and that's why she changed labels. It may just have been she was ready for something different, to see what she could do outside the influence of the marveled machinations and ethos of SAW's 'Hit Factory'. One of the other reviewers stated that SAW spent 3 times as long in the studio for this record than their usual, which contradicts a couple of others' seemingly baseless assertions that it was a rush job. If those folks had taken more time to listen, it might have dawned on them how much painstaking and ultimately rewarding work went into the songs and the production of `Let's Get to It'. All this attention to detail, reminiscent of what was done with, for instance, the Mamas and the Papas' Dunhill sessions, and for Roy Orbison's greatest sides with Monument, certainly seems to have paid off for this, Kylie's swan song with the label.l tone heads into similar territory as \\"Things Can Only Get Better\\" from the `Rhythm of Love' CD; and it's placed in a similar position in the sequence of tracks.  5++++ stars    9. \\"No World Without You\\": Is Kylie's intense and skillfully-sung solo ballad. The accompaniment is spare: clean guitar probably mixed with a warm clav, and what sounds like a stick bass on occasion - all triggered from a keyboard sampler (per the liner notes no `actual' instruments are used on this CD other than brass on a few numbers).  5++++ stars.    10. \\"I Guess I Like It Like That\\": is a very long tribal-club-dance tune that totally funks it up. And does Kylie ever go wild when she leans and soars into those long, improvised melismas near the beginning of the track - you just gotta hear this!  5++++ stars    We already know how almost unfailingly great Stock-Aitken-Waterman were as songwriters, arrangers, and style jockeys, and that their recording/mixing/mastering engineering team has vaulted into contention for being judged as one of the best ever on the planet!     In answer to the criticisms that SAW copied various styles of American R&B [without actually stealing melodies, of course] - Waterman answered (in an interview/article viewable on the unofficial SAW website) that they in fact did it much better than the Americans, whose music he said sounds watered down by comparison. Though this may seem arrogant and presumptuous on his part, I had already come to this conclusion before having read his statement/interview. SAW not only wrote great music - they managed to get their singers/artists to perform better than usual, and, seemingly, better than everyone else around at the time.    N.B. I haven't heard it stated anywhere that Kylie was angry at her producers, and that's why she changed labels. It may just have been she was ready for something different, to see what she could do outside the influence of the marveled machinations and ethos of SAW's 'Hit Factory'. One of the otherreviewers stated that SAW spent 3 times as long in the studio for this record than their usual, which contradicts a couple of others' seemingly baseless assertions that it was a rush job. If those folks had taken more time to listen, it might have dawned on them how much painstaking and ultimately rewarding work went into the songs and the production of `Let's Get to It'. All this attention to detail, reminiscent of what was done with, for instance, the Mamas and the Papas' Dunhill sessions, and for Roy Orbison's greatest sides with Monument, certainly seems to have paid off for this, Kylie's swan song with the label.
B000YA9R3C|5.0|First, before I utter a word about this film I would like to state that this film has one of the best music scores I have heard in a long time. ]<br /><br />Spoilers throughout my review...<br /><br />OK, now with that behind me we can get down to the meat and potatoes of what this film means to me.  I absolutely loved it. From the moment it began till the moment it ended I was having the time of my life. I was fully and wholly engaged, emotionally moved, shocked, challenged, and thrilled.<br /><br />There Will Be Blood is about this nation and the people who inhabit it. It is also about the origin of this nation, it's core values, morals, and the stuff that drives us...money and more simply greed. Religion and capitalism are exhibited at their most base and corrupt forms in this film. The empty vessel of the business man and the phony preacher. Each drives the other further away from any happy medium of honest business or any real search for spirituality. As a result of this power play Plainview's view of a religion as a sham are confirmed. Ultimately money and greed win out in the end but with not much to show for it.<br /><br />The one thing this film illustrates perfectly that most money hungry business types never seem to get that money in and of itself will do nothing for your life unless you have something that you want to do. Gathering up more and more money and growing richer and richer while destroying everyone around you will never amount to anything and ultimately your soul will be far more derelict than that of a simple common man. Of course this film is not about common men. The men in this film are examples of extraordinary men, each with drive and power lust of a different kind. The common men in the film are literally and figuratively beaten. Money and the power it brings are atop this pyramid in this film. The anger and beatings and sacrifices trickle downward. Each man exerting his authority over the one below him on the scale. Even Plainview's son exhibits his grasp for power with the fire he sets and then at the end his defiance of being controlled by the very man who made him. His loss of hearing was symbolic and could be interpreted as an unconscious desire in the boy to not listen to the words and desires of the father, thus escaping becoming the father.<br /><br />The film shows a story and we sit and watch it unfold.  That is just the surface. The film is full of symbolism, metaphors and subtext. On a very simple level it's greed vs righteousness or ambition vs deception. Daniel and Eli are opposite sides of the same coin. In the end Plainview wins but is still lost. he is also, as he says, \\"finished\\" because without his doppelg&auml;nger there anymore to drive him, he has nothing left to do. This aspect of his personality is evident earlier in the film when he is offered a million dollars for his oil. He declines due to silly syntactical technicalities in the offer he is given because Plainview needs to constantly push forward and barrel roll over everything and everyone in order to exist. In the end, after he has driven his son away, squashed the competition, and killed Eli he has fulfilled his life's purpose and the film ends. Plainview can also be seen as representation of this country.<br /><br />As a country we act and behave much in the same way Plainview does. And often times with no real sense as to why the things being done by this country are being done at all. It's a hidden nasty drive that pushes this economy forward and drives us as consumers. Now while this theory may be a stretch for some I still think at least aspects of this are alluded to by the film. The disregard for the land, the kid in a small box who is ultimately exposed as a mere business commodity, the quick and sudden deaths of men who are expendable, women who are barely seen or who do little or nothing, and ultimately the oil. All this speaks volumes for where we are as a country today. The fact that we are still bound tooil as a commodity  is no coincidence. That is what this film is about. Greed, power, money, trickery, empty ambitions, and being socially and emotionally bankrupt while being rich.<br /><br /> Rich with money but poor with soul and spirit.<br /><br />Daniel Day-Lewis is simply amazing. Much has been said in other reviews regarding his tip-top, top notch performance. It's all true. He will win the Oscar this year. There is not a doubt in my mind.<br /><br />All the other aspects of this film: the photography, music, sound, pacing, editing, everything, were just wholly and utterly fantastic. This is the high water mark everyone else should be aiming at when making a film.what this film is about. Greed, power, money, trickery, empty ambitions, and being socially and emotionally bankrupt while being rich.     Rich with money but poor with soul and spirit.    Daniel Day-Lewis is simply amazing. Much has been said in other reviews regarding his tip-top, top notch performance. It's all true. He will win the Oscar this year. There is not a doubt in my mind.     All the other aspects of this film: the photography, music, sound, pacing, editing, everything, were just wholly and utterly fantastic. This is the high water mark everyone else should be aiming at when making a film.
B00125WAWS|5.0|I saw the Great Debaters today.  All I have to say is that it was a magnificant movie in every sense of the word.  I was spellbound throughout the movie.  When I returned home I called my family and close friends to tell them they \\"had\\" to go to see the movie.  It's classic!  I don't usually buy DVDs of movies I've seen but will certainly buy this one as soon as it's released.  A MUST SEE MOVIE!!
B000AV2G3I|4.0|The song selection on these two discs span Lennon's amazing solo career and includes some rare and live gems that are worth buying the album for.    I must say, however, that this disc is probably not for hardcore Lennon fans, especially if you have already purchased the Lennon Box Set from a while back.    My only point of contention with this album is that the \\"hit\\" songs should have been interspersed between to the two albums to allow more casual listeners a chance to listen to the entirety of both discs rather than listening to disc one ad infinitum.
B000YIGNKE|4.0|I have seen ALL previous adaptations of persuasion and I have found this one to be my top favorite (first being the 2000 BBC production). This movie reminds me of the 2006 Kira Knightly version of Pride and Prejudice, it doesn't go strictly to the book but it is a wonderful movie. I loved it! The new ending was surprising but I LOVED it.<br /><br />I would recommend this book to someone who has just entered the Jane Austen world. If you haven't read the book, I will warn you most of it doesn't go to the book but you  WILL enjoy it.<br /><br />For those Jane Austen fanatics like myself, sadly it doesn't go strictly to the book's plot. It focuses mostly on the main characters, Captain Wentworth and Anne Elliot. If these brief descriptions have turned you off well that's your choice, but it is an excellent movie.<br /><br />For those who love Jane Austen but aren't so obsessive you will LOVE THIS MOVIE! You can tell how much I love this movie by how many times I've said love; if you were one of those people who counted, yes I said it 6 times!<br /><br />I hope this review was helpful and you will buy this movie. If you like it, keep it and if you don't, you can always sell it. Buy it, I'm persuaded you will enjoy this film.
B000H0MKGK|4.0|Admittedly, I was not a huge John Mayer fan until I saw him live in concert.    This is far and away Mayer's best album to date, a great blending of his love of the blues and intricate guitar work and his ability to make those two qualities radio-friendly.    Mayer is slowly but surely shedding his \\"Your Body is a Wonderland\\" and \\"Daughters\\" pop-blues writing and entering into a bluesier phase that will hopefully  continue into his next album(s).    Check out his briliant Hendrix cover, Bold as Love, though nearly every song on this album is of single quality.
B000Z27HLS|5.0|I have read the book and seen the 1986 Northanger Abbey movie and this one is the BEST!! It captures everything from the book. However, it did cut out some conversations but overall it was the best!
1594481938|4.0|Nick Hornby has a kind of unassuming likability that sneaks up on you. The central conceit of this book didn't seem all that promising, and I hadn't expected to like it, based on its subject and the reviews I'd read. But Hornsby is a skillful enough writer to pull it off - he pulls you in and makes you care about his (in some cases genuinely horrible) characters. He also manages the four alternating narrative viewpoints very effectively.<br /><br />This book reminded me a little of Mark Haddon's \\"A spot of bother\\", both in its tone and in the ultimate message that I took away from it. I can't bring myself to give it five stars however, because one of the four would-be suicides seemed a complete caricature to me. Annoying beyond belief, her main purpose seemed to be to function as a kind of crutch used by the author to poke his other characters with. I'm as willing to suspend disbelief as the next reader, but when all the incongruities and awkward dialog stem from the same character, this indicates a structural weakness that is hard to overlook.<br /><br />One thing I like about both Haddon and Hornsby is that, although both are talented and skillful writers, they don't constantly beat you over the head with their own cleverness.<br /><br />This is a decent book, which I liked more than I had expected to, and which also prompted me to think. Although I didn't really *like* any of the characters, by the end I had certainly come to care about how they would get on.
B000ZLFALI|5.0|This is far and away one of the most visually creative, captivating, and mesmerizing films I've ever seen.  It is intoxicating in every way, and one of the few movies I can watch over and over again.  Julie Taymor's vision is astounding, the art department deserves an Oscar, and the performances are equally compelling.  I loved everything about this movie.  To take a collection of existing songs and create a film around them is a big challenge, but the result in this case is a film that so seamlessly incorporates the music and story with brilliantly stylized visualizations, it's nearly perfect.    It's a film that speaks more to your psyche than your brain, with such searing, evocative visuals they will be in your soul long after the end credits are over.  I have been going crazy waiting to purchase this since the film was released late last year.
B00006CXSS|5.0|great show. it really makes you understand the pains and gains of war. it presents both sides of the story. it has close captioning if you enable it through your device (it's not in the subtitle's menu). great for people who like tv and history.
B000ZHS3E8|1.0|Okay, positives first.  It was original.  The graphics were top notch and amazing.  There were some effects that I thought we well placed and really brought you into the future, you get that this is definitely in the future.  hmmm....<br /><br />okay, my negatives.  Well, the basic message of this movie and that of the director is that if you go into space you will die.  If the vaccume of space or the proximity to the sun doesn't kill you, then apparently your own ship isn't even safe, so... just don't go into space.<br /><br />This wasn't a very good movie in my opinion.  Sowwy.
B0012NVGHU|5.0|When I started watching this movie I had no idea of what I was getting into!  It is definitely out of the ordinary!  Very powerful and the soundtrack is amazing!  I got the movie as a gift and bought the soundtrack immediately after I saw it!  If you like irish folk music you're going to love this movie.
B000R6PKP2|5.0|Blade Runner is one of the few movies I always held off buying on DVD. Long before Blu Ray was even invented, I knew that one day we would get a version of this film which would do it justice.  Finally it has arrived, and boy was it worth waiting for.  The package alone is the most elaborate special edition packaging I've ever seen for a film, but even then it pales in comparison to the sheer quality of the film. Imagine a remake of Blade Runner, with all the original cast and original sets, because that's what this feels like, a brand new film.  Watching Blade Runner is like watching modern Sci Fi being born, so much was influenced by this seminal film.  Many have tried to imitate this movie, with varying degrees of success, but the original is still the best by a long way.  You owe it to yourself to own this film and this edition, nothing less is worthy of its greatness.
B000R348BM|5.0|While not quite as good as Eat a Peach, At Fillmore East, and the Atlanta International Pop Festival album, \\"Idlewild South\\" is certainly one of the best albums the Allman Brothers Band ever made. It also contains my personal favorite Allman Brothers song, and my favorite rock instrumental, \\"In Memory of Elizabeth Reed\\". It set a formula for the group - there had to be a long, sprawling, epic instrumental written by Dickey Betts, and while all of said instrumentals are good, this one is by far the best. But it's not like \\"Les Brers in A Minor\\", \\"Jessica\\" and \\"High Falls\\" don't rule, because they absolutely DO. But what makes \\"Liz Reed\\" even better? This shouldn't come as a surprise to you if you've read my other Allman Brothers reviews, but if you haven't it's because of Duane Allman. If that was the only guitar solo he had ever played in his life, his status as a legendary guitarist would still be indisputable. He really succeeds in channeling John Coltrane and Otis Redding there, only with a guitar rather than a saxophone or voice. And since I love John Coltrane (and like Otis Redding a lot), I am more than okay with that. The haunting melody is cool, too, and Gregg's brief, careening organ solo is brilliant. So is Dickey's playing, and the rhythm section COOKS. Whoa.  I'm blown away whenever I hear that one. It's... just amazing.<br />But this obviously isn't a one-song album. With the exception of the forgettable \\"Leave My Blues at Home\\" (which even then is redeemed by Duane's closing solo), every song reaches some pretty high heights. Okay, I'm not in love with \\"Hoochie Coochie Man\\" either, but the stampeding introduction followed by the huge shift in dynamics is pretty sweet. But I definitely like every song on this album to some degree, and I love the four I haven't brought up yet. \\"Revival\\" is a great opener. The lyrics are a little on the naive song, but it's the Allman Brothers Band! Who listens to them for their lyrics? I'll tell you who: nobody. Now, the guitars, on the other hand... awesome minor-key intro that transcends into a fun hippie-gospel-folk song. \\"Don't Keep Me Wonderin'\\" defines blues swagger, and the harmonica part really wins me over. So do the guitars, of course, but that's just a given? And \\"Midnight Rider\\" is SWEET. It's a folk song with a little hint of country and an outlaw theme. The melody is one of the group's very best; the lyrics are actually pretty good; and the guitar solo is up to the usual standard.<br />The resident sleeper is \\"Please Call Home\\". Now, when I first heard it I thought it was a stupid, cheesy parody of a blues song with a really good slide part. And the lyrics are negligible at best - its chorus goes \\"Please call home if you change your mind... I don't mind\\" - but Gregg sings it with feeling, and that really is a good slide part. So yeah, the song has really grown on me, to the point where it's one of my favorite on the record, lyrics and all.<br />This is a highly enjoyable album, and it definitely shows the group at their best. If you don't have it, you're missing out.tars, on the other hand... awesome minor-key intro that transcends into a fun hippie-gospel-folk song. \\"Don't Keep Me Wonderin'\\" defines blues swagger, and the harmonica part really wins me over. So do the guitars, of course, but that's just a given? And \\"Midnight Rider\\" is SWEET. It's a folk song with a little hint of country and an outlaw theme. The melody is one of the group's very best; the lyrics are actually pretty good; and the guitar solo is up to the usual standard.   The resident sleeper is \\"Please Call Home\\". Now, when I first heard it I thought it was a stupid, cheesy parody of a blues song with a really good slide part. And the lyrics are negligible at best - its chorus goes \\"Please call home if you change your mind... I don't mind\\" - but Gregg sings it with feeling, and that really is a good slide part. So yeah, the song has really grown on me, to the point where it's one of my favorite on the record, lyrics and all.  This is a highly enjoyable album, and it definitely shows the group at their best. If you don't have it, you're missing out.
B000YXMMAE|1.0|Radiohead continues thier slide into obscurity. The media hype might continue to fuel interest and sales, but it doesn't compose the music. I appreciate all those fans who rave ... innovation, creativity, ground breaking (blah). In Rainbows comes through as all the latest RH releases, barley tollerable and at times, simply annoying. For those who managed to download it for free ... you paid too much. And the faithful who will dis this review, saying it's from a mindless, pop loving, neophite ... you are wrong. You can call this art, but you can't call it good.
B000F6YPW8|5.0|The Allman Brothers Band's first record may not be completely flawless a la Idlewild South or Eat a Peach, but they can't all be completely flawless, and the fact stands that this is a classic blues record. Not much more than that, but I love the blues so I don't need much more. There's a lot of raw emotion on this record, and it helps boost up the weaker tracks - for instance, I've never been a great fan of \\"Don't Want You No More\\", but I love the way they totally rip into it, putting a lot of anger into those guitars. \\"Black Hearted Woman\\" is probably the group at their most intense. The lyrics aren't much - just Gregg railing against some woman that did him wrong. And while I would've rather hear them put that much fire into, say, protesting the Vietnam war, those raging vocals and searing guitars pack more of an emotional punch than any thrash band could ever dream of. And then of course there's \\"Whipping  Post\\", the group's signature song. As if you couldn't tell by looking at the title, the group is not happy. And god, does it come out of the guitars. Especially that little guitar duel near the end - and Duane's typically genius slide solo. Not to mention the tense, uneasy bass riff that kicks the song off. And the menacing, druggy atmosphere. Needless to say, \\"Whipping Post\\" is my favorite song on the record.<br />And when they're not angry, they're totally resigned - world-weary in their twenties (Gregg was 22, Duane was 23, Dickey was a wizened 26, Berry was 21, Butch was 22, and Jaiome was 25 and I only know this because I have TOO MUCH TIME ON MY HANDS). But it's believable! They don't sound like they're in their 20's - they manage to convincingly sound like elderly men reflecting on how bad their lives have been. Why? I'll tell you why. Mastery of the blues. They were definitely the best white blues band ever. Take \\"Dreams\\". Gregg nails the \\"man about to die reflecting on his long life\\" vibe, while Duane and Dickey shimmer behind him with their slightly psychedelic guitar solos. The organ's kinda trippy, too. It's a total classic. \\"It's Not My Cross to Bear\\" is so convincing and so authentic that, when you forget about the trippy ending, you could easily confuse it with an old blues tune. But what's the best part? You guessed it! Duane's solo. \\"Trouble No More\\" obviously is a blues standard, and while I love Muddy Waters' version I think this just might be better (it's a tough call). The double-tracked vocals again beat the world-weariness into you, the guitar solos are as amazing as always, and I love the acoustic rhythm guitar track that sadly never showed up on any live versions, though that would be kind of hard to replicate and keep the guitar solos. The end is great, too, when you've got that brief solo-trading thing. And then Gregg roars \\"GOOD-bye, baby!\\". Sweet. \\"Every Hungry Woman\\" is a bit of a generic blues, but once again it's the wall of guitars and organ that get me. It's amazing they work up all this noise with just two guitars and one organ. Plus Jaiome, Butch Trucks and Berry Oakley, while often forgotten about, provide a rock-solid polyrhythmic backdrop.<br />This isn't the Allmans' best album, but like anything else the group put out (other than the Arista albums), it gets a pretty solid recommendation from me. The Allmans were a great band back then and remain so today (Warren Haynes rules! So does Derek Trucks!), and this is where it all began for them. Check it out. And the back cover would make a good t-shirt.chedelic guitar solos. The organ's kinda trippy, too. It's a total classic. \\"It's Not My Cross to Bear\\" is so convincing and so authentic that, when you forget about the trippy ending, you could easily confuse it with an old blues tune. But what's the best part? You guessed it! Duane's solo. \\"Trouble No More\\" obviously is a blues standard, and while I love Muddy Waters' version I think this just might be better (it's a tough call). The double-tracked vocals again beat the world-weariness into you, the guitar solos are as amazing as always, and I love the acoustic rhythm guitar track that sadly never showed up on any live versions, though that would be kind of hard to replicate and keep the guitar solos. The end is great, too, when you've got that brief solo-trading thing. And then Gregg roars \\"GOOD-bye, baby!\\". Sweet. \\"Every Hungry Woman\\" is a bit of a generic blues, but once again it's the wall of guitars and organ that get me. It's amazing they work up all this noise with just two guitars and one organ. Plus Jaiome, Butch Trucks and Berry Oakley, while often forgotten about, provide a rock-solid polyrhythmic backdrop.  This isn't the Allmans' best album, but like anything else the group put out (other than the Arista albums), it gets a pretty solid recommendation from me. The Allmans were a great band back then and remain so today (Warren Haynes rules! So does Derek Trucks!), and this is where it all began for them. Check it out. And the back cover would make a good t-shirt.
B000001ELP|4.0|The Moment I Read About This Album, I Knew That It Was Going To Be Better Than What Most People Say. Kiss Released This Album In 1981, and Was Hoping For Some Success But Did Not Acheive Much Of It. Most Of The People That Trash This Album Are \\"Kiss Fans\\" That Do Not Take It For A Piece of Art That It Is, But For A \\"Typical\\" Kiss Album. Well, I'll Tell You Something: This Is Not The \\"Typical\\" Kiss Album, But More Like An Amazing Album That Was Trashed For The Wrong Reasons...Read On For The Review.    Fanfare: The Album Kicks Off With This Orchestral Intro, Which Is What It Is An \\"Intro\\" That You Would Never Expect To Hear On A Kiss Album..And May Take You For Surprise.    Just A Boy: The First Actual Song On The Album Doesn't Really Do The Album Justice, It Sounds Like Another Intro Track, With \\"Paul Stanley\\"  Singing Like He Would Never    Odyssey: To Me This Is The Actual First Real Track On The Album. This Is A VERY Underated Song, It Shows That \\"Paul Stanley\\" Can Really Sing Good, And Change His Tone Of Vocals, While On Top Of The Sound Of A Mellow, Yet Great Sounding Orchestra. Great Track!    Only You: The First \\"Gene Simmons\\" Track Keeps A Nice Steady Riff, And Does Not Fail For One Second.    Under The Rose: Now This Song Sounds More Like A Filler Track, But Doesn't Really Bother.    Dark Light: The First And Only \\"Ace Frehley\\" Vocal Track On The Album Sounds Like Your Average \\"Ace\\" Song, And Is Actually The First Song On The Album That Comes Close To Sounding Like A \\"Typical\\" Kiss Song.    A World Without Heroes: A Very, Very Underated Song From Kiss, It Had A Music Video, And Was A Single. But It Still Didn't Get All The Credit It Could Have Had. Gene Vocals Really Shine On This Track.    The Oath: This Is The Second Track On The Album That Really Gets Close To Pulling Off The \\"Typical\\" Good Hard Rock Kiss Sound. Anybody That Likes Kiss Should Love This Track.    Mr.Blackwell: Another \\"Gene Simmons\\" Track. Not As Good As \\"A World Without You\\", Or \\"Only You\\" But Still Comes Off Catchy, and Decent.    Escape From The Island: One Of The Only \\"Instrumental\\" Tracks That Kiss Ever Recorded, But Shines Alot On \\"Eric Carr\\" Who Shows That He's A Great Drummer On This Track.    I: The Final, And Most True To Kiss Song On The Album. It Sounds Like A Sequel To \\"Rock & Roll All Night\\", And \\"Shout It Out Loud\\" With \\"Gene\\", and \\"Paul\\" Switching Vocal Pieces In The Song, But At The Last 20 Seconds of The Song When It Is All Ready Over, You Hear The First Sound Of Actual Talking Voices To Move The Story Along. But This Is The Best Track on The Album, And All \\"Kiss Fans\\" Will Agree.    So, This Ends My Review On The Most Highly Under-Rated Concept Album Ever!  Although This Isn't an Album All Kiss Fans Will Like, It Still Shines, And It Stands High As A Great Masterpiece. But Not A \\"Kiss Masterpiece\\".  As \\"Paul Stanley\\" Said In An Interview: \\"Music From: The Elder\\" Is A Great Album, But Not A Great \\"Kiss Album\\".
B000VWYNOG|3.0|Now, isn't it a bit unfair that everyone else in the world got a two-CD, 37-track version of this album and we only got a one-CD, 21-track version?<br />So anyway, I'm looking at the tracklist and thinking, okay, it's a bit rudimentary and there are way too many mediocre late-period songs (\\"Real Real Gone\\"? \\"Someone Like You\\"? \\"In the Garden\\"? I ask you...), but overall it... hey, wait a minute! There is NOTHING from Astral Weeks on this edition, or on the European edition! brxjzsdpbmnowe. That was me getting angry, if you were wondering. And there's no \\"Tupelo Honey\\", either! Or \\"Caravan\\"! Or \\"Whenever God Shines His Light\\"! Or \\"Cleaning Windows\\"! Or ANYTHING from Veedon Fleece, unless you were one of the four people who got the three-disc special edition (which none of us Yanks are worthy of). vlamdnsklt. Yes, I'm still angry. Because this is a blown opportunity! I mean, rather than loading us down with those '80s songs that nobody knows about, they could've gone for some of the classics! AND they could've graced us Americans (and Canadians) with the double-album version, too. I don't like that.<br />Yeeeaaah, if you want \\"Gloria\\", \\"Brown Eyed Girl\\", \\"Wild Night\\", \\"Domino\\", \\"Moondance\\", \\"Jackie Wilson Said (I'm in Heaven When You Smile)\\", \\"Warm Love\\", \\"Bright Side of the Road\\" and so forth (and I would not blame you for wanting any of those), get the first \\"best-of\\" album. This is a decent look at Van Morrison's career, but at the same point it's a sham. I mean, what is so hard about picking one edition of an album and releasing it worldwide?
B00000HZTB|5.0|Ive put time in on almost every Lou disc out there(except Metal Machine Music-I dont get it).This is one of my all time faves that consistantly get played.Great playing,great sound and some real pretty music(Our house)-----along with the most brutal music Ive heard from Lou.Crank the vol. up on Waves of Fear and The Blue Mask,and raise some goosebumps.(These 2 songs MUST be played LOUD)GREAT stuff!Ghosts of the VU will rise from the smoke of the ashes of yer speakers.I love this album!No way does \\"Growing Up In Public\\"( which I DO like)come close to this disc but the following;Legendary Hearts Is damn good also.
B00009V7P8|5.0|I realize I missing out on some really cool music when I heard Damian Rice for the first time live in central park. I was so impressed that I ran out to get his music-all that I could find.  His voice is beautiful, the  phrasing spot on and with this album even more so. Few performers can express life's pain and pleasures in such a nuanced manner and allow the passion and emotion shine through. It's a style I've come to associate with great Irish performers and it doesn't get much better than this. Most of us have  experienced unrequited love, obsessively continued a doomed relationship or get thrown by the general shocks of life. There is something about the way Rice puts it all to music that is never pretentious, yet forces you to stop and pay attention. Basically it gives you a glimpse of the contradictions inherent in ourselves, especially when it comes to the L word. Cheers darlin' for example, was so sad I wanted to cry, at the same time it left me strangely optimistic. His songs express emotions in such a lush and sensuous manner that you begin to wonder if he has a supernatural ability to see and translate all things relating to emotions.
B000X9NI5W|5.0|Burial is in a class by himself.  But if you're familiar with Massive Attack and The Field, think of a marriage of the two and you won't be far off.  This was my first foray into the emerging subgenre of dubstep and since then I've been chasing the dragon: I've looked everywhere for an album as fabulous as Untrue, and the only thing that comes close is Burial's eponymous first album.  The other stars of this drum&bassy genre make some catchy music if you're into modern minimalism, but it's Burial's use of distorted R&B vocals in addition to atmospheric beats that sets Untrue apart from, and above, the rest.  Untrue is the best new music of any genre I've heard in 2007, and I listen to a lot of music.
1416550518|4.0|Kate Morton's \\"The House at Riverton\\" is one of those rare novels that seamlessly transports its readers into an unfamiliar setting in unfamiliar times. Set in turn-of-the-20th-century England, Morton's tale chronicles the fortunes of Riverton House's aristocratic family through the eyes of Grace, a young maid in their employ.     Morton truly works wonders in her deft handling of a large ensemble cast, allowing the modern-day reader insights into the hearts and minds of people with very different opinions, priorities, and outlooks than those of their 21st century counterparts. While many of Riverton's characters struggle with problems not so unfamiliar to our own times, they do so in a way that is never anachronistic or forced; their portrayals avoid falling into the trap of two-dimensionality.    One truly comes to know and care for Grace, her charges, and her acquaintances throughout the course of the novel thanks to the subtlety of Morton's writing, and will miss them once the last page has been turned. Although the plot of \\"The House at Riverton\\" is driven by a few pivotal events, Morton fleshes out her narrative with several tangential storylines that give depth and breadth to the main focus of the story, thus drawing readers into the lives of her secondary characters as well. There is plenty of foreshadowing, to be sure, and some elements of the plot perhaps dovetail a bit too seamlessly in the end, but there are also plenty of red herrings and hidden clues to keep the observant reader intrigued and guessing.    Morton excels in her depictions of aristocratic Britain as seen through the eyes of the servant class; readers will truly feel as though they are standing beside Grace, experiencing the elegance and turbulence of the times themselves.     Although an abrupt (albeit necessary) point of view change late in the narrative prevents \\"Riverton\\" from attaining utter perfection, it is just about as close to reaching it as any other novel one is likely to encounter.
B000957O82|4.0|It really has become noticable to professionals in the film industry and his legion of fans across the world, that Will Smith, since his role in \\"Six degrees of Separation\\", (1993) in the role of Paul, a brilliant performance, and Independence Day (1996) as Captain Steven Hiller, this energized and gifted actor cannot set a foot wrong. Smith's latest release in the adaptation of Richard Matheson's novel, \\"I am Legend\\", is absolutely extraordinary. However, \\"Hitch\\" (2005), reveals Smith's versatility as a comedic and dramatic actor. Hitch is a light a breezy romantic comedy about an anonymous \\"date doctor\\" who teaches nerds to get the women they desire. His tecniques work every time, until he meets a gossip jounalist, Sara Melas, (Eva Mendes) who presents a challenge for this charming \\"woman expert\\".<br /><br />There are some very funny scenes in this film, including the dance scene, where Albert Brennerman (Kevin James) shows Hitch his knowledge of dances, all particulary lame and so funny, this had audiences falling off their seats with laughter.<br /><br />My only criticism of this very funny film is I believe Eva Mendes' performance slightly strained as if she was trying just a little too hard, almost appearing to be over the top.<br /><br />In terms of plot, this is a typical boy meets girl film with a joyful ending, but what makes it is Will Smith and Kevin James, a great and unexpected brilliant comedy team.<br /><br />Good Fun.
B000PC8AFU|5.0|My husband and I would buy anything and everything that the record companies can find where SRV plays. PERIOD. They know it; we know it. He was the BEST! No one can replace him and we would buy a polka if SRV were playing on it. We want everything he did and are MORE than happy to pay the price! You can hear his genius through it all. So everyone just CHILL.
0525950079|2.0|Having read Follett's excellent The [[ASIN:0451225244 The Pillars of the Earth (Deluxe Edition) (Oprah's Book Club)]] way back when, I simply had to read World Without End, which brings the story forward from the 12th to the 14th century. Unfortunately, reading Follett's book seems to last a good century at least.<br /><br />World Without End is just long and boring - A Story Without End might have been a more appropriate title. Over 1000 pages of the same story repeated over and over. Unlikely love (sex, anyway), unrequited love, church power struggles, and the plague are the themes repeated ad nauseam.<br /><br />A previous reviewer had complained about the excessive sex in the book and, not having read the book yet, I thought that reviewer was just being a prude. Wrong. Sex occurs dozens of times and it's not even all that titillating or erotic. After a while, one wonders what is the point of the sex scenes. Perhaps Follett set himself goals of 1000 pages and 100 sex acts.<br /><br />Follett's characters are an unusually randy bunch - I've no problem without that, except that the sex scenes tend to become boring with their repetition every ten pages or so. And then there's the plague, and then there's the plague, and then there's the plague, and...well, you get the idea.<br /><br />A World Without End is just boring. And really long. The narrative voices tend to be entirely too modern in their viewpoint. Anachronistic in a word. The book is nearly a 1000 pages long and still manages to give a superficial treatment to the 14th century.<br /><br />If you read Pillars of the Earth, then you probably feel compelled to read this sequel. Resist the urge. You can read three good books in the time you'll waste on this paperweight.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|If you haven't had the chance to see this delightful, heart-felt Christmas comedy, you've missed a milestone in romantic story-telling! This is a wonderful (albeit British) romance, set in a yuletide atmosphere. As more Americans actually see this film, it will eventually become a modern-day Christmas tradition. Enjoy! Love actually is all around you! js P.S. The above review relates to the film. The soundtrack sets you reminiscing about the romantic scenes in the film!
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Everything about this movie satisfies...story, acting, direction, soundtrack...all a delight. Unfortunately, every time I loan my copy out, my friends love the movie so much that I end up letting them keep my copy to watch again and I buy a new copy. Yes, it's that good.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|If you haven't had the chance to see this delightful, heart-felt Christmas comedy, you've missed a milestone in romantic story-telling! This is a wonderful (albeit British) romance, set in a yuletide atmosphere. As more Americans actually see this film, it will eventually become a modern-day Christmas tradition. Enjoy! Love actually is all around you! js
B000QFAJ7S|2.0|I've been a Kelly fan since her Idol days. \\"Thankful\\" and \\"Breakaway\\" or two of my all time favorite albums, and I thought without a doubt that \\"My December\\" would be as well. I bought it the day it was realeased, and I'm sad to say I was disappointed. The only really good songs on the album are Never Again, Don't Waste Your Time and Judas. All the others sound the same, are slow songs, and are just plain BORING. Kelly has an amazing voice, and she's a good song writer, but this album never should have been. Every artist has an album that is a fan-least-favorite, and I think this is Kelly's.    I will continue to be a fan and hope the next one is better.
B000B8QEZG|1.0|I liked most of Madonna's music over the years. I was into her back in 1981 when she first came out and then like around '83 when Boarderlie and Lucky Star and have been a fan ever since. This one, Confessions on a Dancefloor, I'm not impressed by. It's not really pop music or a variety of songs it's like one long continuous disco beat song. The same pulsating disco thing goes on like a heartbeat from the start of the CD through the end. The only track I like at all is the opener \\"Hung Up\\" and that's mainly because it samples a great Abba song. I have a feeling my review will be lost in the 1,429 customer reviews posted here so far. But I don't recommend this Madonna CD to her longtime fans, it just doesn't hold up.
0143038419|5.0|If you are at all a \\"spiritual\\" free thinking kind of person you HAVE to read this book! I LOVED it and all of my freinds who I recomended this book to loved it. Her humor is fantastic as is her writing. I can't wait to read the continuation!
B000OCXF0Q|5.0|The DVD is a cool insight to the recording of the album. I love this CD. Makes me think of Linkin Park meets Hannah Montana with a dash of Joan Jett. I'm an older guy into classic rock and metal but this is really good, really fun music. Avril is an excellent singer, producer, and songwriter. My favorite tracks include: Girlfriend, I Can Do Better, Runaway, Best D... Thing, When You're Gone, Hot, Innocence.
B000SO7OMA|4.0|Great music, a beautiful setting, performers in top form- this is a first-class production all the way. It's a real treat to watch musicians who can actually perform live!    I took off one star because the mixing on the DVD seemed a bit off- several times you could see the various musicians but not hear them, for example Loreena on her accordion, and the violinist often sounded muffled, especially in the \\"duels\\" with the electric guitar.    But overall this a wonderful experience- highly recommended.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|All the non-music craziness about Michael Jackson aside, Thriller was and is an incredible album. I'm not a huge MJ fan, I mean the dude is pretty freaky, but Thriller was a masterpiece album. I like a few MJ songs before this (Don't Stop) and after (Black & White) but there was never a whole album by him I liked except Thriller. Every song is great, and I really like the bonus Quincy Jones interviews, the Bille Jean demo, and the song Carousel that didn't make the original release. Thriller was a once in a lifetime lottery winner of a record, and I enjoy this 25th anniversary special edition thoroughly. My favorite tracks? The only song from the original album I don't like is Lady in My Life. Billie Jean is one of my favorite all time songs ever. EVH's guitar solo in Beat It is legenday for good reason. Wanna Be Startin Somethin is genuis, Human Nature and PYT are brilliant. The McCartney duet The Girl is Mine is charming, funny, and quite ironic considering the later events between the two artists. Thriller gets 5 out of 5 stars from me in any version but the special anniversary edition is great.
B000ZHS3E8|5.0|The movie was pretty good well thought out and executed good script good actors if you want suspensful sco-fi this movies perfect
B000V8I2QU|3.0|I was a huge Springsteen fan in the 70s, starting with the E Street Shuffle  album. I think that Born To Run and Darkness On The Edge Of Town are two of the highest points of American music - evah.     But Bruce lost me somewhere after The River, and each successive release seemed less compelling. That's not surprising - what fueled the early releases was the fervent belief that rock 'n' roll really could save the world. That's a young person's game, and it can't be credibly sustained into middle age without just feeling forced and phony. The last time I saw Bruce with the E Street Band a couple of years back at the Tacome Dome it felt like they were just going through the paces.    So I wasn't expecting much when I put on Magic for the first time last night. But I was sucked in right off the bat - Radio Nowhere grabbed me and most of the CD kept me there. The songs are suffused with a sense of melancholy that somehow suits my mood this season, the band sounds like the seasoned rock pros that they are, but there's enough variation of sound and texture to keep it interesting. Where it's less successful is when Bruce tries to reconstruct the old Phil Spector sound of Born To Run  (Your Own Worst Enemy).    I do agree with lots of the other comments that Brendan O'Brien's production doesn't do Bruce any favors here - the sound is way to compressed and slick to let the performances breathe - it's like you have to struggle to really hear the fine work that's going on. But it's worth making the effort.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|It's a Wonderful Life is clearly a classic tale and a classic movie. It is by far my favorite holiday season treat.  I can't believe it took me fairly forever to purchase the DVD so I don't have to endure the commercial television version---cut up every few minutes and devastating the flow. I was curious if I would feel the same way about the colorized version as I do about the black and white. I was afraid the movie wouldn't translate as well. I needn't have worried. In color or in black and white the story is timeless, the emotion as emotional, the jokes and witicisms as funny and witty as ever. Treat yourself, this is a terrific set of DVD's.
0061251305|5.0|From the moment the simple framework of tribes is explained it all starts to make sense and epiphanies abound.  This has been such a powerful tool in helping myself and everyone I work with to understand motivations of behavior and why our mentality changes depending on who we're with or where we are.  Most importantly, it has served as an important tool in updating the culture of the other medical professionals that I work with.  Even the most difficult of people who are initially stuck at Stage 2 or 3 have begun to budge and we're all happier and feel more accomplished because of it.  This is the type of book that comes out once every few years that will make you want to keep spreading its message to your friends, family, and colleagues.
B000J103WK|4.0|The \\"When Hell Freezes Over\\" DTS DVD is one of the all time best DVDs. Looking for more from the Eagles and looking for an HD DVD, I was hoping to be blown away. Its good. Great even. Its long. But the 5.1 mix on WHFO is superior and nothing on this disc compares to 7 Bridges Road.
0810994739|5.0|Diary of a wimpy kid Rodrick rules is so funny, I already have a brocken leg and almost broke my other falling off the couch lafing my head off. I realyy hope kinny keeps this up, and always puts pre- orders for his books on Amison so I can keep ordering and getting the gooks early. I loved it. I also loved Diary of a wimpy kid, but the second one was way better. I've now passed the love of the book to 8 kids in my class, and I  really just want to get more books for my birthday. I mean more wimpy kid ones. And I really want kinny to write more than just 5, I don't want to   put my book love on another series.
0307387151|5.0|Happily, I found the hard-cover version of this book on my dusty shelf shortly after seeing the film version, and immediately began reading again. I first read it in 2001 (before I began writing book reviews on Amazon) and remember how much I loved it, particularly because I found Ian McEwan to be a master of his craft. It led me to read many of his previously published books, and all of those that followed. I particularly loved the book, [[ASIN:1400076196 Saturday]].<br /><br />Meanwhile, the film left me wanting . . . except for the ending, I didn't like the adaptation and therefore, felt the need to go back and visit the original, where the characters are fully developed and intriguing So glad I did. The writing is exquisite, with a true sense of time and place.<br /><br />I'm glad there's new interest in this brilliant literary achievement because of the movie, and I highly recommend reading it. I will keep it on my shelf and will no doubt be happy to come upon in again for another read years from now.
B0000029DD|1.0|I bought this CD based on the glowing reviews and the one song I knew I liked - \\"Hallelujah\\". I don't usually write reviews but felt compelled in this case because I hated everything else on this CD. Save your money and buy just \\"Hallelujah\\" if you are buying this for that song. Don't expect the other songs to be anywhere near as good as \\"Hallelujah\\". Don't be swayed by all the 5 star reviews. I was, and I regret it.
6305212112|5.0|One of my favorite movies of all time.  Love it and highly recommend it!  Jessica Tandy and Kathy Bates are both outstanding in this movie.  Both are Oscar winners and they both give special dimension to their parts.  I have seen it many times and always come away with something new in the characters.
0380820846|4.0|Penelope Featherington has been in love with Colin Bridgerton for ever, but he only see her as his sister's spinter friend. When Colin comes back from his lastest travels, he give Penelope a second look and he is surprised at what he see.<br />\\"Romancing Mister Bridgerton\\" is the fourth book in the \\"Bridgerton\\" series by Julia Quinn and the best so far. The storyline was just great and it was nice to a hero who looked beyond what is on the outside.
B000VKW7AK|5.0|GREAT ¡¡ The best of Megadeth is righ here ¡¡ official versions,rarities and DVD awsome show in London ´92 ...to new fans or who´s not know it... high \\"dosis\\" of greatest thrash metal band... MEGADETH ¡¡     HIGH RECOMMENDABLE ¡¡
B00007AJGH|5.0|My daughter saw this on TV one night and had to have it. Even though the film was produced before her time she thinks it is hysterical.
0142410373|5.0|One of the last novels written before Roald Dahl's death, \\"Matilda\\" reads almost like a goodbye, with a thank-you to all the authors that have touched Dahl during his lifetime - the text even includes a reading list of books recommended to Matilda - and through her, to the reader. And Matilda herself, despite being female, could very well be a reflection of Dahl himself as a child: a precocious bookworm with a fascination with words, people and places. As such, \\"Matilda\\" holds a special place in the canon of Dahl's literature for children, and Matilda herself is one of those shining characters that you simply wish was a real person and your friend. It is a rare thing indeed for an author to not only create a character who has practically no faults, and yet never becomes a goody-two-shoes or implausibly perfect, but to give her a remarkable gift (in this case, her hyper-intelligence) and make it seem less important than her goodness, her loyalty, her sense of justice and her love of learning.<br /><br />Matilda Wormwood is born to two rather awful parents who have no interest whatsoever in their young daughter, instead pouring all their attention into their work, (for Mr Woodworm) bingo, (for Mrs Wormwood) and occasionally their first-born son Michael. However, they are mean-spirited enough to take umbridge at the sight of Matilda indulging her great love for reading. To get back at them (and to keep her own sanity) Matilda engages in a series of practical jokes every time her parents are beastly or dishonest - which happens on a rather regular basis.<br /><br />But all of that changes when she starts school and Matilda meets the two most important women in her life: the lovely Miss Honey and the terrible Miss Trunchball. The gentle and timid Miss Jennifer Honey is Matilda's adored teacher, whereas Miss Trunchball is the Headmistress of Crunchem Hall Primary who terrifies student and teacher alike. Miss Trunchball may be a rather unfortunate stereotype of a butch, unattractive, athletic woman, but as an incarnation of psychotic feminine rage, she comes second only to Lewis Carroll's Queen of Hearts. More a force of nature than an actual person, she's sure to send a shudder down any child's spine - however bad your teacher is, you can be sure she's not *this* bad!<br /><br />It soon becomes clear that the students of the school are waging a war against Miss Trunchball, one that Matilda is all-too-keen to become a part of when she realizes that there is a mysterious link between her beloved Miss Honey and the tyrannical Trunchball. And it just so happens that around this time, Matilda finds that she has a remarkable ability: to move things with her mind. Being a moralistic girl as well as an intelligent one, she soon realizes that she now has the perfect tool with which to restore Miss Honey to her former fortune and deliver Miss Trunchball her just desserts.<br /><br />The text is full of allusions to other books and stories, making it a remarkably rich read for a children's book (and will hopefully get young readers interested in other books - as I'm sure was Dahl's intention) and of course includes plenty of Dahl's trademark love for the grotesque and macabre, components that have always made him controversial in the adult community, and beloved in the child's world. But even more in \\"Matilda\\", there is a sense of the spiritual and the sublime - Matilda's emerging powers seem to not only stem from her intelligence, but from her great spirit as well, particularly when she describes her powers as feeling like: \\"flying past the stars on silver wings.\\" With justice served in the guise of a tiny five year old (captured perfectly in the illustrations by long-time Dahl collaborator Quentin Blake), and an ending that manages to be both happy and bittersweet, \\"Matilda\\" is a must for any children's bookshelf.etic woman, but as an incarnation of psychotic feminine rage, she comes second only to Lewis Carroll's Queen of Hearts. More a force of nature than an actual person, she's sure to send a shudder down any child's spine - however bad your teacher is, you can be sure she's not *this* bad!    It soon becomes clear that the students of the school are waging a war against Miss Trunchball, one that Matilda is all-too-keen to become a part of when she realizes that there is a mysterious link between her beloved Miss Honey and the tyrannical Trunchball. And it just so happens that around this time, Matilda finds that she has a remarkable ability: to move things with her mind. Being a moralistic girl as well as an intelligent one, she soon realizes that she now has the perfect tool with which to restore Miss Honey to her former fortune and deliver Miss Trunchball her just desserts.     The text is full of allusions to other books and stories, making it a remarkably rich read for a children's book (and will hopefully get young readers interested in other books - as I'm sure was Dahl's intention) and of course includes plenty of Dahl's trademark love for the grotesque and macabre, components that have always made him controversial in the adult community, and beloved in the child's world. But even more in \\"Matilda\\", there is a sense of the spiritual and the sublime - Matilda's emerging powers seem to not only stem from her intelligence, but from her great spirit as well, particularly when she describes her powers as feeling like: \\"flying past the stars on silver wings.\\" With justice served in the guise of a tiny five year old (captured perfectly in the illustrations by long-time Dahl collaborator Quentin Blake), and an ending that manages to be both happy and bittersweet, \\"Matilda\\" is a must for any children's bookshelf.
B000X8KGQM|4.0|I should say that I am partial to opera, which is essentially musical theatre.  In my view it represents the pinnacle of the Western musical experience; easily the most demanding of musical forms.  I suppose that's why I am also fond of scores written for movies and stage theatre and count Warren, Porter, Rodgers, Mancini, Williams, and Morricone as the supreme masters of the genre in the 20th century.  \\"The Mission\\" score demonstrates Ennio's mastery of dramatic music, characterized by texture, depth, emotion, turmoil, innovative orchestration (even counterpoint), layered with beautiful and original melodies that would make Puccini proud.  On the other hand, there was room in the movie for 1 or 2 more original pieces to go with Gabriel's Oboe, Ave Maria Guarani, Brothers, and the River.  Nevertheless, the guy's a genius.
0142402532|5.0|One of the last novels written before Roald Dahl's death, \\"Matilda\\" reads almost like a goodbye, with a thank-you to all the authors that have touched Dahl during his lifetime - the text even includes a reading list of books recommended to Matilda - and through her, to the reader. And Matilda herself, despite being female, could very well be a reflection of Dahl himself as a child: a precocious bookworm with a fascination with words, people and places. As such, \\"Matilda\\" holds a special place in the canon of Dahl's literature for children, and Matilda herself is one of those shining characters that you simply wish was a real person and your friend. It is a rare thing indeed for an author to not only create a character who has practically no faults, and yet never become a goody-two-shoes or implausibly perfect, but to give her a remarkable gift (in this case, her hyper-intelligence) and make it seem less important than her goodness, her loyalty, her sense of justice and her love of learning.<br /><br />Matilda Wormwood is born to two rather awful parents who have no interest whatsoever in their young daughter, instead pouring all their attention into their work, (for Mr Woodworm) bingo, (for Mrs Wormwood) and occasionally their first-born son Michael. However, they are mean-spirited enough to take umbridge at the sight of Matilda indulging her great love for reading. To get back at them (and to keep her own sanity) Matilda engages in a series of practical jokes every time her parents are beastly or dishonest - which happens on a rather regular basis.<br /><br />But all of that changes when she starts school and Matilda meets the two most important women in her life: the lovely Miss Honey and the terrible Miss Trunchball. The gentle and timid Miss Jennifer Honey is Matilda's adored teacher, whereas Miss Trunchball is the Headmistress of Crunchem Hall Primary who terrifies student and teacher alike. Miss Trunchball may be a rather unfortunate stereotype of a butch, unattractive, athletic woman, but as an incarnation of psychotic feminine rage, she comes second only to Lewis Carroll's Queen of Hearts. More a force of nature than an actual person, she's sure to send a shudder down any child's spine - however bad your teacher is, you can be sure she's not *this* bad!<br /><br />It soon becomes clear that the students of the school are waging a war against Miss Trunchball, one that Matilda is all-too-keen to become a part of when she realizes that there is a mysterious link between her beloved Miss Honey and the tyrannical Trunchball. And it just so happens that around this time, Matilda finds that she has a remarkable ability: to move things with her mind. Being a moralistic girl as well as an intelligent one, she soon realizes that she now has the perfect tool with which to restore Miss Honey to her former fortune and deliver Miss Trunchball her just desserts.<br /><br />The text is full of allusions to other books and stories, making it a remarkably rich read for a children's book (and will hopefully get young readers interested in other books - as I'm sure was Dahl's intention) and of course includes plenty of Dahl's trademark love for the grotesque and macabre, components that have always made him controversial in the adult community, and beloved in the child's world. But even more in \\"Matilda\\", there is a sense of the spiritual and the sublime - Matilda's emerging powers seem to not only stem from her intelligence, but from her great spirit as well, particularly when she describes her powers as feeling like: \\"flying past the stars on silver wings.\\" With justice served in the guise of a tiny five year old (captured perfectly in the illustrations by long-time Dahl collaborator Quentin Blake), and an ending that manages to be both happy and bittersweet, \\"Matilda\\" is a must for any children's bookshelf.tic woman, but as an incarnation of psychotic feminine rage, she comes second only to Lewis Carroll's Queen of Hearts. More a force of nature than an actual person, she's sure to send a shudder down any child's spine - however bad your teacher is, you can be sure she's not *this* bad!    It soon becomes clear that the students of the school are waging a war against Miss Trunchball, one that Matilda is all-too-keen to become a part of when she realizes that there is a mysterious link between her beloved Miss Honey and the tyrannical Trunchball. And it just so happens that around this time, Matilda finds that she has a remarkable ability: to move things with her mind. Being a moralistic girl as well as an intelligent one, she soon realizes that she now has the perfect tool with which to restore Miss Honey to her former fortune and deliver Miss Trunchball her just desserts.     The text is full of allusions to other books and stories, making it a remarkably rich read for a children's book (and will hopefully get young readers interested in other books - as I'm sure was Dahl's intention) and of course includes plenty of Dahl's trademark love for the grotesque and macabre, components that have always made him controversial in the adult community, and beloved in the child's world. But even more in \\"Matilda\\", there is a sense of the spiritual and the sublime - Matilda's emerging powers seem to not only stem from her intelligence, but from her great spirit as well, particularly when she describes her powers as feeling like: \\"flying past the stars on silver wings.\\" With justice served in the guise of a tiny five year old (captured perfectly in the illustrations by long-time Dahl collaborator Quentin Blake), and an ending that manages to be both happy and bittersweet, \\"Matilda\\" is a must for any children's bookshelf.
B000KC8O3S|5.0|I wasnt sure I would like all the music on this, but each song is a memory of the shows episodes and I enjoyed every song on this CD.  It brings to mind memories of each episode the music is from.  I am a new fan of Dr. Who, especially #10.  and Rose, and only my second soundtrack album of a TV show.  I would highly recommend it to any Dr. Who fan.
B00005MP58|5.0|I had the video box set of this production of \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" so I knew that it was the best representation of this Jane Austen novel.  What was great about this DVD was \\"The Special Edition\\" part which took a very good look at all the pre-production work that went into making this particular work the most authentic possible.   I will watch this production, which I believe is better than the BBC one, often. I love Jane Austen and now have a full DVD collection of all her works.  But this, to be sure, is the first and best child.
B00116AZFW|5.0|I think it was smart of the publisher of this version to use the black and white pictures since the Kindle is also black and white.  The pictures look great.  The original text at the bottom of the pictures is too small to read but that would be true of any version due to the Kindle's resolution.  I appreciate the Table of Contents, the list of illustrations and the formatting of this edition.  For less than a buck a great classic with great formatting.  Thanks!
B000TGJ8CQ|5.0|Ignore the bad reviews if you simply like an entertaining movie.  Sure there are faults with this movie as mentioned by other reviewers such as the terrorist plot which goes unexplained.However ,any bad points are outweighed by the good points.I found it original and absorbing.The ending was perfect too.I think any movie based on the work of Philip K Dick is interesting.
0553804367|3.0|There are a lot of theories in this book and no imagination. Because Mr. Hawking has a lot of complex math equations that make little sense to any one but his fellow math buddies why dose that make him an authority on anything.                    Secondly I would argue that black holes are givers of life not takers they make room in the limited amount of space in the galaxy for other solar systems to exist. The ultimate predator, scavenger they kill indiscriminately just like any lion or wolf and slowly evaporate that energy back into the universe. Think about it for a second most of your really big black holes are in the center of the galaxy and that is where all the action in the galaxy is. Without Black holes the galaxy would be nothing but big bodies slamming into each other even all the way out here on the edge of the galaxy where we are. Not only that but it has been proven for a long time that if your at a correct angle you can easily survive very close to a black hole. This would be a huge benefit for any solar system you would not have to worry about stray comets and asteroids like we do. But it takes imagination to see things like this something Mr. Hawking and his math club lack.                  There are other, how in the world would he know these things in this book. For instance the theory that man can not travel faster than the speed of light if Mr. Hawking was as much a student of history as he claims. He would know that in the history of automobile travel it was once believed that of you went too fast in a car you would die. And this was a widely accepted scientific theory at the time. Theoretical Physics and Math will only get you so far the only way to find out is to do. This book should have been called \\"A Short History of Sometimes Useful Theories\\" sense that is what it is and these theories hold no more weight than anyone else's theories including yours.                                                          Eric
B000K15VSA|5.0|First off I have always liked Blade Runner since the first time I viewed it in the theater. The definition of the effects, and the bonus material, is absolutely amazing. At the writing of this I still haven't had an opportunity to watch all of the discs, but if the 3 that I have seen are any indication, I will not be let down. If you like Blade Runner, I would definately recommend that you add this to your collection
0525950079|5.0|There's plenty of plot and character reviews already on Amazon.  Suffice to say that this book is a great read.  It's true that it includes quite a bit more sex and is perhaps not quite up to the literary standards of Pillars.  Nonetheless, this book is better than most you'll read this year.      By the way, regarding historical accuracy, midieval England did have woman running their own businesses.  In fact, of the co-located midieval English monastaries and nunneries, most actually were controlled by the Head Sister, not the Prior.  True, the characters speak modern English but that makes it easier to read and avoids the trap a cartoonish language patterns detracting from the story.
B000068FUS|5.0|I had never heard of the DBT before reading reviews of Southern Rock Opera.  Since purchasing SRO I have become a rabid fan.  It is loosely the story of Skynrd and some compare the band to the Skynrd.  While that comparison may be valid when looking at both bands three guitar attack, southern themes as topics of their songs and both are from the south, the comparisons should end right there.  DBT and Skynrd are coming different perspectives.  Skynrd was born in an era of arena rock while DBT comes form an era of indie cool.  That may sound conceited and pompous, but its how I see it.  I must admit though it took me a while to get used to the rough hewn vocals of Cooley and Hood.  Like beer these guys were an acquired taste for me, now I can't get enough of them.     Anyhow SRO is a great record.  From Cooley's growling on songs like 72 and Zip City to Patterson's Plastic Flowers on the Highway and Angels and Fuselage.  This album contains no weak cuts.  The songs flow smoothly and segues from one to another nicely.  The story is lucid and coherent and Keeps the listeners interest from beginning to end.  It is a story of the south and what it is like to be a southerner from the perspective of some life long southerners.  Is it everyone's story?  No.  Is it for everyone?  Absoultely not, but what album is?
1594489505|5.0|I really liked The Kite Runner. So much so, that I was reluctant to pick up this book. It always seems that the second book for a successful author is not up to the standard set by the first one. I have to say that I was proven wrong this time! I really enjoyed this book. But it was SAD! Be prepared for that. In light of that, I have to say that is was one of the best books of an unlikely friendship I have ever read. And, being set in the backdrop of war-weary Afghanistan only adds to the tragedy. This is one of those books that will stay with you for a long time after you've read it.
B000UPSKO8|5.0|This DVD is a perfect alternative if you're not in the mood to listen or to watch an entire opera, for it provides well-known arias the majority of opera funs are familiar with. The video is of excellent quality and so is the audio. The auditorium is miked- there are mikes dispersed in various positions in the house for sound recording- but not the individual singers; and that exposes weaknesses and strengths. Ramon Vargas is the weakest in the link. If I'm not mistaken, he replaced the ailing Villazon. What a pity! His voice is small and with limited projectiom to cut above the orchestra, and barely audible in ensemble singing. Netrebko completely outsang him at the end of the duet from La Boheme. Vargas never had a big voice and its color is rather limited. The arias he sang, like \\"Una furtiva lagrima,\\" the staple of golden-voice tenors, like Gigli, Pavarotti, and even Villazon, lacked colorization and chatacter, and they were rather monochromatic.   Tezier has a beautiful lyric baritonal voice of moderate size and his reading of \\"Per me giunto- lo morro\\" from Verdi's Don Carlo was admirable. On the other hand, a Verdi baritone needs a little more heft in the lower range which he's lacking; and that was more noticable in his \\"Toreador Song.\\"  The stars of this concert are Garanca and Netrebko. Garanca's reading of the aria \\"Mon coeur...\\" from Samson et Dalila was superb, full of passion, yearning, and surrender. And her coloratura, in La Cerenentola's aria, fires rapid-machine-gun trills to kill you!  What more can be said about Natrebko. You wish she would never stop singing. Her rendition of \\"Casta Diva\\" maybe is not suited to everybody's taste, but the darkness of her voice brings something unique and totally her own. Her encore \\"Meine Lippen\\" from Lehar's Giuditta brought the house down, and showed the theater and stage animal in Anna's heart that burst all over the place: shoes kicking up and flowers throwing; twirling, dancing, and flirting! This DVD is fun,with high caliber artistic value. It deserves five stars and is highly recommended.    Constantine A. Papas  El Paso, Texas
B00000DGRX|5.0|Easily one of the defining rock albums of the 70's, Deep Purple's \\"Machine Head\\" went a long way towards codifying the sound of British Rock at the time. Hell, just Ritchie Blackmore's iconic riff that kicks off \\"Smoke On The Water\\" would set \\"Machine Head\\" into the history books. Yet to many die-hards, both [[ASIN:B00004TIOI Fireball]] and [[ASIN:B000005RQT In Rock]] were the harder albums. What, then, makes this album the landmark it is revered as today?<br /><br />For one thing, the original side one roared from the drop of the needle to the final spiral of its inner groove. \\"Highway Star\\" to this day conjures up a rebellious freedom that whips the wind through your helmetless motorcycle ride, the naked air slamming your face while speeding in your topless roadster. \\"Never Before\\" grinds with undeniable power. \\"Maybe I'm A Leo\\" (\\"...but I ain't a lion...\\") rocks the blues as only The Purple could. That was only side one.<br /><br />The old days had you flip that vinyl over for the multiple punches of \\"Smoke On The Water,\\" \\"Lazy\\" and \\"Space Trucking.\\" These three alone would put \\"machine Head\\" into the heavy metal hall of fame. Every teen from 1972 on who picked up their first guitar has probably practiced that riff at least twice. \\"Lazy\\" has the terrific Jon Lord organ workout, and \\"Space Trucking\\" is the last word in intergalactic rock songs.<br /><br />The remaster here is stunning, almost digital in its precise sound. It's almost as good as the DVD-A from 2001 (and with that item fetching $50 these days, this double CD is a bargain). The real treat, however, is the bonus CD. Roger Glover exhumes those 25 year old master tapes and gives us a slightly re-imagined entire new version of this classic album. While it won't make you snap the original CD is half, it is a striking curio. There are alternate guitar solos, a little bit of band banter (love the 'whoop!' at the end of \\"Lazy\\"), and some alternate endings. There are no 'rough sketches' or goof-offs; this is a working band's triumph against bad odds and they were making the most of it. It is exactly the kind of re-issue package that Rhino made their original reputation on, and they do \\"Machine Head\\" proud.h against bad odds and they were making the most of it. It is exactly the kind of re-issue package that Rhino made their original reputation on, and they do \\"Machine Head\\" proud.
B000UFAURI|4.0|First of all, let me say that I've never owned a Foo Fighters album before (I'm a teenager who is still exploriing his listening interests). Therefore, this review is given without prior knowledge of the band's sound.    My verdict: I absolutely enjoyed it, Almost enough that I gave it five stars (I'll get to why I didn't in a moment). If you're reading this, you are probably familiar with the song \\"The Pretender\\", which kicks off the album with great energy and sets the tone for the quiet-to-loud theme all through the album. While its catchy, there is more interesting music to come. The second track is one of my favorites: \\"Let it Die\\" which begins with a content acoustic finger-picked section and slowly becomes louder until Dave Grohl ends the song screaming his lungs out over a huge riff. Needless to say, this song got my attention. \\"Erase/Replace\\" is another great rocker, with its stutter-step guitar and drum sequences, \\"Long Road to Ruin\\" is a fantastic pop-rocker with an infectious melody, and \\"Summer's End\\" reminds me, well, of the summertime, with its raw-but-lighthearted guitar and its harmonic campfire chorus.    Perhaps the best aspect of this album is its variations in its sound. The band proves they can rock hard, play it easy, and hang it mellow. Speaking of some of the mellow tracks, I love \\"Ballad of the Beaconsfield Miners\\" with its bare-bones acoustics. You just don't hear a song like this on most hard rock albums. \\"Statues\\" is another superb soft track, as well as \\"Stranger Things Have Happened\\". Both of these songs feature great acoustic work.    Now, for why I didn't give this five stars. There are two reasons. The first is the track order. I absolutely would not have packed the four heaviest tracks at the front of the album. The effect creates a bit of imbalance by way of tempo and overall energy (though the slower songs are great too). The second reason is because of the long buildups in the music in a few of the tracks. While it worked in \\"Let it Die\\" it didn't work in \\"Come Alive\\" and \\"But, Honestly\\". I think this showed a slight lack of creativity on the band's part, and was one of the few weaknesses on the album.    Overall, though, I truly enjoyed it. This is definitely a CD I will listen to for a long time, and if the Foo Fighters put out another record in the upcoming years, I will definitely buy it. Get this for its unique sound and its catchy tunes.
0743298039|5.0|If you are a bibliophile, stop what you are doing and go buy this book!! Anyone with a love of reading will enjoy this complex, intriguing plot and satifying conclusion. Truly a great surprise. Finding this book was like shoveling your sidewalk and uncovering a ruby.
0321525655|5.0|Besides the intelligence and expertise of the author, the reader also benefits from Reynolds's distillation of the wisdom and advice of his own masters and teachers - what a wonderful opportunity. The book is filled with everything you need to know about presentations before you turn  yourself (or your designer) loose with PowerPoint or Keynote. Besides the design advice, 100% of which rang true based on my experience, I found the technical info I was looking for (how big to make a photo to use as a background in PowerPoint) and a great list of photo sources. Reynolds obviously knows about creating books as well as designing presentations. I read Presentation Zen straight through from beginning to end, which I recommend.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|I wasn't sure that I wanted the color version, but once we watched it, it is great and the color was fantastic.  It brought more warmth and charm to this  classic movie.  The product was received within days as promised.
B000003BF1|5.0|The Rolling Stones' Let It Bleed (1969) is a great rock n' roll classic, easily one of the band's best albums. It features rock, blues, and country in the Stones' classic style. It opens with my favorite Rolling Stones' song, the provocative forewarning of war, Gimme Shelter. The song is a total rock classic, full of gutsy electric guitar, bluesy harmonica, and exciting vocal performances from Mick Jagger and female vocalist Merry Clayton. The country blues raunch of the title song is a favorite of mine, too. With Keith Richards laying down some top-notch slide guitar, and Mick Jagger belting out lewd appeals of lasciviousness, the song's a raucous blast of depravity and swagger. The country blues are visited again with Love In Vain and You Got The Silver (Keith sings), and they both sound great, too. The acoustic guitar,  mandolin, and fiddle drenched Country Honk is Honky Tonk Women's sloppy drunk country cousin, and the menacing rowdy rocker Midnight Rambler shows off the talents of everybody in the band, as they rock the song for all that it's worth. Monkey Man is a rhythm guitar powered metaphoric and low-rent romp through  the ghetto jungle. The album's last song is You Can't Always Get What You Want, a folk-rock symphony that features acoustic and electric guitars along with the London Bach Choir. The lyrics examine both the naivete and the dark side of the 1960s love and peace counterculture. Definitely a Rolling Stones classic. It doesn't get much better than Let It Bleed as far as albums by The Rolling Stones go, and it's one of their three greatest (the other two are Exile On Main Street and Sticky Fingers).
B000U0F7RG|5.0|This product is a must for any Gilmore Girls fan.  The case is compact and adorable.  At first the dvds, which were in separate folders by season, were a tight fit and difficult to get out.  The episode guide is invaluable and helpful in selecting which amazing episode to watch.  And the guide to the Gilmore wit is hilarious and somewhat educational.
B000YCLRBA|5.0|I saw this cast at the Met last year and loved it so much that I went see it  streaming into a movie theater  a week later.  I am thrilled with the DVD! Unlike some other reviewers, I think the sets are very effective in giving the viewer a sense of  place, scope,  and class distinction without getting in the way of the music and drama.  The filming takes nothing away from the opera, but enchances the emotions of the drama because one can see the faces of these fine singers/ actors. I don't give out great praise unless it is greatly deserved - Hurrah! to the singers, orchestra, set and costume designers, etc. and the Met for making opera at the movies and this film available to the masses who cannot get to N.Y.
B00005JOFQ|5.0|I keep thinking about lots movie scenes after I watched it, it's so touching...I love this movie!
1400063515|4.0|The point of randomness and how it influences and affects our society--like it works in poker--its part of the game regardless of ow smart you are. The author makes good use of the subject and defines it in several areas.
B000W0NO5Q|5.0|[[VIDEOID:18202761]]Key points of my review: Entertaining and philosophical book from extremely talented author. This review also available at youtube.com/amazonreviews
B000HDZAY6|4.0|I just received the Australian import.  Most of the songs are from the first couple years of success, to later ones.  Nothing from \\"Be Here Now\\" is on this comp.  Just one track each from the next two studio releases are here.  The band picked the tracks themselves.  They were reluctant to do such a thing at first, feeling it was unnecessary, as they'd rather start from scratch, though it was contractually obligated.  Purposely, no new tracks were provided, as with most of these compilations.  This will work for someone just getting into oasis, as well as completists and collectors.  This couldn't be a greatest hits album per se because most of the tracks were only hits at home in the UK, some were B-sides, and others even singles in certain markets.  There could be another volume, if oasis are willing.<br />This entry is for the UK import.
B00006JSS8|5.0|Weren't those the days?  When artists wrote great songs.  They don't write like that these days.  Wish they still did.  Awesome collection of his classics.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|I first watched Firefly 2 weeks ago (Jan. 2008). I had just watched Sarah Connor Chronicles and when I googled Summer Glau, I learned about Firefly and Serenity. I IMMEDIATELY bought the series and the film DVD's. What a great ensemble cast. Joss Whedon outdid himself with this series and film. I'm hooked!!
B000VWYJ8G|5.0|Excellent action-filled follow up to previous two Bourne movies!  Enjoyed  the interesting connections to previous Bourne' (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy).  Enjoyed seeing all the different locations! Wish there will be more Bourne's but realize only three in a Trilogy!
0061547832|3.0|This book is an amazing book by the Donald and the founder of the Learning Annex.  The most useful aspect of this book is that you have the lessons learned from the life experience of these two people who have developed themselves to where they are now.  You have it right here, between these pages.     The only caution that I have about this book is to take what suits you and leave the rest.  All of the talk about \\"pre-nups\\", \\"taking revenge and using revenge as the key to fuel you\\", \\"screwing people who screwed you 10 times over\\" and so forth is just a bit too much and shouldn't be taken too seriously regardless of how serious The Donald makes it sound.    Learn the lessons and live your life!  That's it!  Don't take every word as gospel, after all, not everyone's perfect.
B00005JA2B|5.0|This is an album that will be studied as a masterpiece work of art much like a Bach or Bethovan is admired now. Every note and lyric is a work of art and masterfully blended that sounds almost like a mere human couldn't be capable of creating.    When you can listen to a 10 minute song and \\"feel\\" every second of it, somebody made a deal with the devil to have soo much talent.     One of the most incredibe bands since the creation of music
0736063684|5.0|I have some muscle imbalances I've been trying to correct and found this book very helpful.  I know I need to strengthen some muscles and not others, but finding books on what specific exercises to do was difficult.  With this book you can take one look at the pictures and see which exercises strengthen various muscle groups. I keep this book handy and refer to it all of the time for planning exercise routines.
B000JQU8YS|1.0|howard's end is my favorite novel of all time.  this particular kindle version has junk characters salted throughout starting with a 6-character+ string of fractions on first page.  i think there are other kindle versions of howard's end though.
B000001DTM|2.0|Here's to the most overrated band in the history of recorded music. Boo, you suck. If Bonehead wasn't hob-nobbing with the pope or leaders you wouldn't have this MTV hype driven nonsense top polls and fool people into thinking they matter.    I leave you with an excellent commentary by the ever wise, George Harrison: \\"You know what irritates me about modern music, it's all based on ego. Look at a group like U2. BONO and his band are so egocentric... The more you jump around, the bigger your hat is, the more people listen to your music... The only important thing is to sell, and make money. It's nothing to do with talent. Today there are groups who sell a lot of records and then disappear immediately. Will we remember U2 in 30 years?  I doubt it.\\"
B0007MWZEK|1.0|I bought this item and I was happy with it for about three days.  After dumping the tray and cleaning out the brissles, everytime it touched the floor (put weight down) it wouldn't work. If you lifted it up a little it would, but what good is that.  I made sure not to over charge the battery and paid extra close attention to instructions.  I recently bought it and will have to go through the return procedures...not looking forward to it. It definately does not stand up to the hype that the commercial portrays...    Kristina
B0000DZ3EN|5.0|No one that I know had ever saw much less heard of Return To Oz....This movie was better than I ever remembered it in my childhood. I love this movie and recomend it to anyone who loves The Wizard of Oz...this is a great addition to the collection. Although different characters still a wonderful and entertaining movie for the whole family.
B000HIVOI2|2.0|Sony was adamant that MPEG-2 was somehow superior to VC-1 and MPEG-4 in terms of video quality...they were wrong.  This transfer is very poor quality to begin with; that coupled with an MPEG-2 encode basically ruined the movie for me.  The noise is inexcusable as is the subtitle flaw.  The first Blu Ray releases have been very disappointing but luckily the studios all seem to have ditched MPEG-2 for newer releases.  I wish studios would take a page from Disney's book and not rush titles out the door just to push a format...
B000MR9D5E|5.0|You absolutely cannot go wrong with this dvd set.  We bought this for Christmas and we LOVE it!!!  I cannot say enough about the cinematography of these dvd's and they really are a great educational tool for children--buy it-- I promise you will not be sorry!
B000OV170W|1.0|I was entangled in Ms. Picoult's writing from page one.  I truly loved her style and thought I had found a new favorite, but the ending was a stretch to say the least.  SOOOOOOOO disappointing!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|We purchased this product for each of our children's families for Christmas 2007.  We didn't like the junk that was available for kids at stores nor did we like the junk on TV these days.  We were looking for something that was educational and fun at the same time.  Well, our grandkids and chidren have viewed these DVDs many times since receiving them and enjoy them very much.  They are learning a lot about our world and nature.  They all claim that this was the best Christmas present they have received in many years.  Thanks to those that took the time to produce this wonderful product.
B000ZOW96Y|4.0|Entertaining from start to finish. I was pleasantly surprised as i didn't expect to enjoy it as much as the others, but I found that I did.
B000W4KT64|5.0|Our whole family loves this movie and have watched it several times.  We love the messages.  We have the soundtrack to and love singing the songs.
1582701709|5.0|Wonderful book.  I believe that if I truly learn how to show and feel grattitude, then this will improve my life greatly.
B000H0MKGK|4.0|Before Continuum, I was on the fence about John Mayer. Most Pop artists of our day tend to make music that'll either have coeds screaming, or sometimes when some of them decide to do something `radical' like wear guyliner, leave preachers fuming. Add to the fact that John Mayer considers himself an unabashed pop musician, and my reaction towards his tunes was an apathetic meh!.      But I was able to hear the XM First Listen for Continuum and wow, he's certainly not the same guy that penned Room for Squares and Gravity. I immediately headed to iTunes and snagged a copy of the whole album. This whole album, apart from the cover song `Bold as Love', was particularly cohesive. It refreshing to see an artist that has such a mastery of the English language and imagery, and did I mention JM plays a slammin' guitar.      Continuum isn't completely without its faults. Including Gravity added to the flow of the album's introspective theme, but it didn't do much more than that. \\"Bold as Love\\" was a salute I could have done without.      This album is certainly on my everyday playlist, and holds my attention from start to finish. It's like my mom's chicken soup, a mish mash of conventional pop over the faint straining of folk, soul and blues. Of particular interest were `Heart of Life', `Vultures', `Stop the Train' and `Waiting on the World\\".  His subtleness in phrasing is triumphed only by his ability to take so many different influences and create a cohesive product.     Rest assured this album isn't the glib material that at times permeated his first two records, but rather a wise and heartfelt preview the depth of Mayer's talent.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|The product arrived in excellent condition and in a timely fashion from Amazon. As for the product itself, Firefly was simply the best new TV show to come along in years. The characters are awesome. The writing was truly excellent with the right mix of drama and comedy to keep you coming back. Whatever moron ordered it's cancellation should be shown the street and never allowed back into the business again. Check this show and the movie Serenity out. They are worth every nickel.
B000002J6F|3.0|I am a Steve Stills fan as well as CSN&Y. These days I'm going back and buying CDs of many of the old LPs I used to have.  I was surprised when I got this one that it was not as good as I had remembered. It's still Steve Stills and has a quality about it just because of that, but it seemed like this was a collection of the non-hits.  The other surprise was that the harmonies weren't very good. After CSN&Y, you'd think that would be a given.  So while it's not a bad recording, if I had it to do over again, I probably would have spent my money elsewhere.
B0006JGFNQ|4.0|My oldest son and his best friend somehow saw the movie \\"Gremlins\\" recently and they have revived the excitement for anything related to the movie.  We were excited that a few items like the Gizmo toy were still available.  It is really cute, and the minute it came out of the box my 2 year old had to have one too.  Not super durable, but otherwise very adorable and draws compliments wherever we take it.
B000002C1W|2.0|This came out the same year as Roger Waters's Radio KAOS, and while this one sold like hotfire, Roger's album didn't do too well.  KAOS is definitely better than this one, and this album, as many have said before, amounted to a David Gilmour solo album.  Nick Mason is featured as a group member, but he didn't write any material, and honestly, I don't know how much of the drumming is really his.  Carmine Appice (one of rock's most underrated drummers) and super sessionman Jim Keltner are featured on drums.  Richard Wright was not an official member of the band (he quit/got forced out by Roger Waters during The Wall sessions, only to come back for the subsequent tour, but then was let go again).  He was just a hired musician for this one.  The album is not a complete disaster, as there are a few decent songs on it (just a few, though).  Despite the fact that it sounds like 80's AOR material, I like Learning to Fly a bit.  The song The Dogs of War is really embarrassing, as Gilmour attempts (badly) to sing like Roger Waters, and the lyrics come across as some college kid discovering that governments can be corrupt.  Waters wrote much more eloquently about war, and well, just about everything.  On the Turning Away sounds like warmed over Dire Straits (which can be OK, but I'd rather really listen to the real thing), but the best song on the album is the closer Sorrow.  It starts with a great killer riff, and it has the best lyrics on the album.<br /><br />The best thing about this album is the cover.  I think it's the best cover of all Pink Floyd's albums.  The title is great, too.  But it's not really a Pink Floyd album.  It doesn't feel like one at all, and many have suggested that Gilmour and Mason threw this album together simply to go on tour, which probably has some truth in it.  Still, regardless of the debate \\"is this a Floyd album\\", it's still not very good.
0064430227|5.0|My daughter's an only child, so I encourage her imagination as much as possible, so she doesn't notice there are no siblings to play with.  I remember this book fondly as a child (inspired me to draw and I ended up becoming an art student).  I love watching her face as she's looking at each new picture and seeing how the simple lines make a picture with \\"depth\\".  She loves the steady paced adventure as a bedtime story.
B00004XQP4|3.0|This is an okay CD, very unlike American Idiot (which was obviously better). I thought they were supposed to be punk, but this doesn't sound that 'punk'. The chorus in \\"Castaway\\" sounds a little bit folkish. Definitely not Green Day. They do have a few good songs like \\"Church on Sunday\\" and \\"Minority\\". But still not worth the ten bucks you're paying.  I reccomend you pick your favorites from the internet, then download them to your computer/iPod instead.
B000VS6P9Q|4.0|I'm a huge Dylan fan, but have never liked the tributes and covers of his stuff.  I'd always rather hear the originals.  However, this collection really seems to nail it in a way that's hard to describe.  Suffice it to say that I found most tracks to be interestingly interpreted and a few positively outstanding (When the Ship Comes In).  I've really enjoyed the collection.
B0000028RR|4.0|I bought this album right around when it came out, and I can still listen to it.  In fact, it's still awesome, one of the better debuts in rock and roll history.  The energy and dynamism are in there in abundance.  The fact that these guys have always been sincere in their politics and music helps immensely.  Too often many bands are posers politically, but these guys, whether you agree or disagree with their politics, really believe in what they're singing.  Despite the overly political nature of some of the lyrics, they haven't dated.  And the music is intense and totally kicks.  This is a great album, filled with great riffs and song.  I really like Bombtrack, Killing in the Name, Bullet in the Head, and Freedom.<br /><br />Rage Against the Machine only made 3 studio albums, a cover album, and some live albums, but they were one of the most unique rock bands from the 90's.  They weren't grunge; they weren't alternative rock.  They were just Rage Against the Machine.  They broke up for a time, but are back together and I hope a new studio album will be on its way soon.
0790744295|2.0|By today's standards, this movie doesn't hold up.  The quality is amateur.  The acting is atrocious. Adrienne Barbeau for example was over the top in her portrayal of Wilma \\"Billy\\".  \\"The Crate\\" didn't make any sense.  I wouldn't recommend it.
B0000942FU|5.0|This Deluxe version also has the video of \\"Don't know why\\" hidden, when you explore the CD on your computer is in the same folder where the \\"come away with me\\" video is.
B000RW3YYA|5.0|I'm finding that, the farther Atlantis goes, the better it gets. Looking forward to Season 4!
B000UBMWG4|5.0|I am old enough to be just beyond appreciating Blade Runnder when it first came out. And I just never got a chance to see it. As a teen I never saw beyond just a couple of scenes here and there when it was on TV.     But now, a Blu-Ray release with all of these extras, a final version cut with all of the other versions? I had to get it. And with Amazon's price so cheap, it was a must. On to the movie... Epic. I've seen it twice now. First I saw the newest cut so did not know what was missing. Then recently went back to view the original. And there is definitely a difference in getting some insight on the humanity of the lead. No spoilers but wow. Not that something is said directly, but with what's presented, you can use your imagination or assumption that something is true.     Now, time to set aside a day off from work to watch the extras. There's just so much on this 5 disc set. I've never watched a movie with its commentary turned on, but with Blade Runner, I am excited to. So here goes..    Still here? Go get it yourself and don't count on me to tell you the story. Two replicant thumbs up!
B0001ADAVK|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS AMAZING!!!  Not only women will anjoy it, and it really teaches you about that time (wich i find that very interesting).    I loved this film and i saw it two times and i wanted to by it but the person i sent it to threw it away. Anyway, i'm buying it again and i recommend it to all!!!
0446679089|5.0|Nelson DeMille is one of my favorite authors.  I know that if I'm going to pick up one of his books, I'm going to be sitting there for awhile.  His writing is just that good that it will keep you there no matter what you're supposed to be doing.<br /><br />Luckily for me, we aren't supposed to be doing anything, so I can sit here for a long time...As I usually am with one of his books.<br /><br />Plum Island is the first in a series of books with the main character John Corey.  You either love him or hate him, sometimes you do both in the same chapter.<br /><br />How can you go wrong when you have buried treasure, biological warfare, double homicides and steamy romance all on a tiny spit of land off Long Island.  Reading Plum Island, I learned so much history without even knowing I was getting a lesson.<br /><br />The story is told by a cocky, New York City detective who was wounded in the line of duty, and is supposed to be taking the summer off to recover.  Instead, John Corey is drafted to explore a couple of murders, and before you know it, he's so wrapped up in the case, there is no way out.<br /><br />Don't start reading this book unless you have a few days to sit and finish it.  You wont be able to put it down!<br /><br />Pat Bonish [...]
B000R5N1MC|5.0|This is without a Doubt one of the Best DVD Box sets. I've ever bought!  The way it's presented in a Collector's Suitcase is so slick & cool looking. You get every Version ever cut, Including the RARE Workprint presented in HD  Very cool, the Final Cut in HD is Beyond Stunning! This is the best HD Film I've watched so far!!!!  The fact of the matter is: This Film was made for the HD Format..........     If you have a HD Player & HD TV 720p or Higher this is A Must Have HD DVD Set 10/10
B00005V1WO|4.0|I saw this some twenty years ago, and haven't seen it since. It is a very particular vision of the famous night when Lord Byron, Percy Shelley and Mary Shelley spent a night in a country estate in Switzerland and decided to see who wrote the scariest story. Mary Shelley, of course, wrote Frankenstein out of that night. There are other movies on this subject - I think Roger Corman made one. Gothic is what one expects from Ken Russell - lurid, grotesque, hallucinatory, over the top. It hasn't been seen a lot since then, it hasn't become one of his classics, but it is a good film for those who like this sort of thing. And there is the addition of seeing the then young and upcoming English actors playing this - Natasha Richardson (as Mary Shelley), Gabriel Byrne (Lord Byron), Julian Sands (Percy Shelley), Timothy Spall. The scene that have stand most in my memory: Myriam Cyr's nipples turning into eyes.
1577314808|2.0|If you succeed to read the entire book without feeling the pain of the boring repetition (instead, just noticing it!), then you undoubtedly have acquired the Power of Now explained in few pages.
B000N6TX1I|5.0|I just watched this movie last night, and can't stop thinking about it.  Yes, the plot itself is very thought provoking, but I feel that it takes a close second place to the style of the film.  I find that futuristic films can lose their narrative focus with the distraction of cool gadgets and technology.  This film, however, presents the viewer with a very well designed future world and allows us to contemplate the details and draw our own conclusions, if we choose.  For example, I found myself wondering, why aren't the characters using cell phones or other communication devices?  Well, probably because of the tight level of control exerted by the government.  Thankfully, the director used the relatively small amount of dialogue to move the story forward, rather than spell everything out for us.  Beyond the spectacular art direction and story telling, the film contains many scenes of suspense and fright that had me holding my breath for most of the film.  I don't think I've ever experienced a movie that really had me feeling like I was RIGHT THERE before.  I regret having missed seeing this movie in a theater, although I don't know if my heart would have survived!  Regarding the many posts complaining that the ending is too abrupt...I STRONGLY DISAGREE.  The story ended perfectly.  The beauty of this film is in the simple plot to save the girl, and the simple ending was the only choice.  What would be the alternative?  The introduction of new characters at the end would have seemed awkward, and offering further explanation would have been contrived.
0765348780|5.0|Gardens of the Moon starts off a series that is pure genius... Characters in the Malazan series are the most humane I have read in any book fantasy or not... Steven Erikson has created a world that matches are own in every way possible... If you like \\"High Fantasy\\" or are just a fan of great storytelling, do yourself a favor and pick this book up and become a die hard fan like the rest of his readers!
B000GGSMB2|5.0|Scarface  DVD<br /><br />Al Pacino is great in the leading role of Scarface.  I don't think he looks very Cuban, but what the hey?  I, also, think he probably peeved off some Cubans by stereotyping the Cuban Mafia.  But he already did that with the Sicilian Mafia, so what's a few more?<br /><br />Brian De Palma's blood soaked gangster epic is on DVD, once again. I'll say this right off the bat, if you own the previously released Special Edition of Scarface, there's no reason to run out and buy this Platinum Edition, which has an assortment of previously released extras to go along with a counter for how many times the \\"F\\" word is used and how many bullets are fired. Besides that, there's nothing here that hasn't been seen before, but if you don't already own Scarface on DVD, well then, this is worth picking up. As for the film itself, it's a bloody crime epic featuring one of Al Pacino's best, and most infamous, performances as Cuban hood turned drug kingpin Tony Montana; but chances are, you already know all that. The DVD's picture quality looks cleaner, and the remastered and remixed sound is crisper as well, but whether or not you want to lay out your money for better sound is up to you.<br /><br />Recommended for Al Pacino fans and fans of mob violence.<br /><br />Gunner  January, 2008
0316010669|4.0|This is a great book and leaves the reader to wonder how often their own intuitive lens rates and ranks things.  Walking a trade show floor would be one area where I would like to see how the attendees assess which booths to enter and why they passed others up?  What is their \\"gut\\" telling them?<br /><br />Joyce McKee<br />[...]
B000UGG39Q|4.0|finally another release from 1 of my fav band's. was worried a bit when phil seemed done after dime's passing. this cd rock's, is bluesy, seen some reviews that this isnt the same as the first 2 record's. isnt that the point?? doing something different, thats what rocks. very cool vocal's, phil can scream with the best but i actually like him best with down. heavy riff's. just another great cd, so no guitar solo's, who cares, great songs. keep doing it guys.
B000JBWWBK|3.0|There Are Some Nice tunes on here , but leaving off a show stopper like BOUM was a CRIME!!   There are at least three cuts on this soundtrack that could of easily been cut out to make room for more relevant and much better songs. What were they thinking ?  Me thinks what songs someone had a piece of.
B000B8IA2G|5.0|Stargate Atlantis does a great job of contining the legacy that Stargate SG-1 started. New aliens, new galaxies, and new cast make Stargate Atlantis a \\"must see\\" for anyone who likes Stargate SG-1 or is simply a sci-fi fan.
B00006674X|5.0|This is another great film classic starring Elvis Presley.  It has more drama than his other movies, closer to the modern problems we face today than most of his movies, but truly a good movie.  Family feature.
B000RW3YYA|5.0|The third season of Stargate Atlantis just keeps the excitement rolling from previous seasons. There are twists and turns along the way, but the writers and cast are doing awesome jobs at keeping the stories great!
B000HT3PPG|5.0|Movies like this make Christmas very special.  Another classic Christmas tale no house can do without.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|This was a good season I was disappointed however, that Rory and Logan did not end up together it seemed like all that trying to keep together was for nothing because in the end she couldn't marry him. The season kept up with its wittiness and humor, and hurray for Luke and Lorelai.
020530902X|5.0|also a must-have for any student, teacher, lawyer or journalist.  still use mine from college.
B000RGSOR8|5.0|i bought the LP at a st. vincent show in houston a day before it was released and every time i listen to it, its like its the first, by far one of the most creative albums i own. annie clark is one of the best and underated musicians i have ever got the chance to see live.
B000GU4TTW|5.0|this book is a must-have for anyone who teaches, is a student,a lawyer, or journalist - or just for the person who wants to write correctly.  i've had one since college and still refer to it often.
0670038040|5.0|Like my other favorite author, P.G. Wodehouse, John Mortimer shows no decline in quality with each successive masterpiece.    The Age of Terror may be the best Rumpole book yet. It combines all the best of Dear-Old-England, starting with Rumpole's famous stint with the RAF ground staff in World War II, to the contemporary, and all too real threat to modern Britain following the 7/7 attacks.    Whats an Old Bailey hack to do in such a time. Specially when his client, as usual, appears to be very very guilty, and the ire of the entire UK population, starting with She Who Must Be Obeyed, is directed at him. Why, follow his age old maxim of Never Plead Guilty of course.    Extremely entertaining, but actually does an incredible job of examining the teension between our historic freedoms and the current threats we face. And of course, John Mortimer weaves it all together in the brilliant readable style liberally sprinkled with his unmatched sense of humor. An excellent read.
0375842209|5.0|Once you have read this book, it will be one you will recommend to other readers.  This book has many lessons to teach and one that will stay with you long after you've read the last page.
B00005JO20|3.0|Category: Movies<br />Genre: Action & Adventure<br />Movie Title: King Kong<br />Movie Release: 2005<br />Director: Peter Jackson<br />Screenplay: Fran Walsh, Philippa Boyens, Peter Jackson<br />Story: Merian C. Cooper, Edgar Wallace<br />On DVD?: Yes<br />Rating: 3 1/2 stars<br /><br />Summation: In 1933, King Kong made its debut. In 1976, John Guillerman remade King Kong, starring Jeff Bridges and Jessica Lange, and the story only slightly differed. In 2005, Peter Jackson remade King Kong, starring Jack Black, Naomi Watts and Adrien Brody, but the story remained most like the 1933 version. A film crew embarked on a journey to an unknown island, only to find giant dinosaurs (in the 2005 remake), giant insects (in the 2005 remake), and the infamous Kong (1933, 1976 and 2005 versions).<br /><br />Synopsis: To retell the story of King Kong would prove quite pointless as most Americans have either seen the original or the remake, and neither differ much from the other.<br /><br />Personal Thoughts: The 2005 version happens to be my favorite, and I'll tell you why. First, seeing as technological capabilities have improved, the graphics are much better than those in the 1933 and 1976 versions. In the 2005 version, Kong actually looks authentic, as if a giant ape could exist. In the previous two versions, Kong appeared stilted, somewhat unreal. The movements of the giant gorilla weren't as fluid as in the 2005 version.<br /><br />But, technological capabilities aside, I also think that the 2005 version had a better range of characters. That's not to say that Jack Black or Adrien Brody are better actors than Jeff Bridges or Charles Grodin (and don't even ask me to name the characters in the 1933 version without me searching IMDB.com) or that Naomi Watts is a better actress than Jessica Lange, but I'm more familiar with the characters in this 2005 version than I am with the characters in the two previous versions. Jack Black is a known comic, starring in Saving Silverman, Shallow Hal and School Of Rock to name a few (and besides, I'm a Jack Black fan *lol*). Naomi Watts is known for her roles in Mulholland Dr., The Ring and The Ring Two. Also, it seemed as if the additional characters (i.e., Thomas Kretschmann who played Captain Englehorn, Colin Hanks who played Preston, and sexy Evan Parke who played Hayes, etc.) had a bigger role than the supporting cast of the two previous films.<br /><br />Not only are the technological capabilities farther advanced and the actors more suited, but the location (because of the technological capabilities) appears more authentic as well. Maybe the film crew didn't go to an unknown island, but it sure appeared that way. The lush greenery, the rotted, decaying logs, the oasis of an undiscovered continent... all of those add to the scenery to make it look more realistic than the two previous versions.<br /><br />By far, the 2005 version, to me, is the best yet. Hence, 3 1/2 stars., I'm a Jack Black fan *lol*). Naomi Watts is known for her roles in Mulholland Dr., The Ring and The Ring Two. Also, it seemed as if the additional characters (i.e., Thomas Kretschmann who played Captain Englehorn, Colin Hanks who played Preston, and sexy Evan Parke who played Hayes, etc.) had a bigger role than the supporting cast of the two previous films.      Not only are the technological capabilities farther advanced and the actors more suited, but the location (because of the technological capabilities) appears more authentic as well. Maybe the film crew didn't go to an unknown island, but it sure appeared that way. The lush greenery, the rotted, decaying logs, the oasis of an undiscovered continent... all of those add to the scenery to make it look more realistic than the two previous versions.      By far, the 2005 version, to me, is the best yet. Hence, 3 1/2 stars.
B000060P79|5.0|This is the first band that I have felt a true connection to.  I don't agree with the people saying that this band sucks.  In a way I think that Simple Plan is trying to reach out and tell the world what it's like to lose your family or have a bad life and yet still pull through because great things will happen to you.  This band is truly a good band and if your reading these reviews don't only believe that they are bad because some people said they didn't sound right or the music was awful.  Try for yourself what they sound like.  You never know what they might sound like to you.  I know many people who say they are bad and yet I still love them.  They have great songs like Perfect who show what a bad relationship that a boy had with his father and yet it still turned out OK in the end.  Really give these guys a chance and tell for yourself what you think of them.
0316113506|5.0|Finally, a solution to the culture-wide epidemic of stress and learning problems that is 100% healthy, involves no medication and is completely free and accessible to everyone.       So many of us, whether parent or professional,  look with alarm at the current state of our nation's youth in regard to rising obesity, decreased emphasis on outdoor play, and over-use of \\"screen time\\" on computers, video games and television.  As a clinician who has worked with children for 35 years, I am concerned about the marked increased in the frequency of learning problems, attention deficits, anxiety, depression, lagging social thinking skills, and explosive behaviors.     Dr. Ratey provides a sound explanation of how unhealthy diet and  lack of movement impairs memory and learning.  He goes on to  show how exercise improves attention, motivation, mood, and memory while decreasing anxiety, impulsivity and distractibility.  Dr. Ratey gives us hope for a future with less dependence on medicating our children and  more emphasis on supporting today's youth with the \\"food\\" they need to grow into healthier, more balanced young adults.  SPARK is a must read for all!    Barbara Baum Freethy, M.Ed.  Touchstone Psychotherapy Assc.  Portland, Maine
B000R6PKP2|5.0|I had been looking forward to this edition for years, but it was well worth the wait. It includes tons of extras (toys, pictures, behind the scenes, alternate versions, etc). Getting it in Hi-Def was a bonus.
B000U1ZVDA|4.0|Overall an enjoyable scifi/ horror thriller, looks and sounds great on HD DVD, this isnt the movie to end all but if your into this kind of movie it will be a fun experience for you! happy Hd
1401200923|1.0|Jim Lee's art is fantastic. The only reason I've cracked this book open again after my first and only read is to look at the art, and the art alone.<br />Jeph Loeb's storytelling is the same as it's always been. Bits are genuinely cool, good characterization here and there- which keeps you reading. But then the guy starts randomly shoving in cheap twist after twist- until the whole thing is reduced to an unintelligible pile.<br />He ends with little to no resolution on important plot points.<br />That sort of thing leaves some people wanting more.<br />I only wonder why I bought the damn thing.
B000Y7U98W|5.0|I found Sunshine to be a great movie, both visually and aurally stunning! The storyline was good and kept me interested, as some point out there are a few stretches in the plot but one must remember we are watching a sci fi movie not a Carl Sagan documentary!  So if you like sci fi and are looking for a great offering on Blu Ray this is it! If you have a good hdtv and a good surround system you will have a great experience! happy HD
B000VR824S|5.0|As always, good service. Exactly as expected. As before, disappointed in Amazon credit card company.
B000ROALCG|5.0|One person says Marc Anthony did a bad job at imitating Lavoe, another says Marc should have been more like himself instead of imitating Lavoe. What do I say? I say that of course, this cd isn't going to be exactly like Lavoe, and it shouldn't be expected, because it's done by *another person*.    I loved this cd, except for the last song. It's Jennifer Lopez singing a slow one, and it wasn't in the movie, so it has no business being on the soundtrack.    Anywho, even though I love Hector Lavoe and his incredible talent, I'm a die hard Marc Anthony fan. Imho, he did a FANTASTIC job both acting and singing in this movie. It's definitely noticable that Marc Anthony is not singing as himself on this cd, but doing the best that he can to sing like Lavoe.    Take J-Lo off the cd, and it would be perfect.
0807014273|5.0|well i learn psycology at the university and my professor has recommended it so i bought it through amazon.  this book will rock your world.and give you a different perspective of life and how man interacts in a hostile and unreal enviroment ...for more info of the book itself i recommend turning to a better source :) but as a reader i can say this book is worth the time and the money :)
B00005JM0B|4.0|I enjoyed watching the 3rd installment in the terminator series. This movie had a lot of action and was quick paced. As far as sequels go, this sequel is great as it takes the storyline to the next step.... which is that the machines do start a nuclear holocaust no matter how hard John & Sarah Connor attempted to prevent Judgment Day from occurring in the past.      I can only speculate that a \\"Terminator 4\\" may possibly be made in the future in order to see the aftermath of the nuclear fallout and how John Connor actually leads the remaining human population in an uprising against the machines that have taken over the world. So, let's hope \\"Terminator 4\\" is made into a movie to complete the story.
0679805273|5.0|We received this book in just a few days and it was in great shape. thanks.
3822856282|5.0|I bought this book on a whim. I had a feeling the women didn't compose all of the shots themselves. Not because a woman couldn't but because they weren't professional photographers. Some of the lighting and composition wreaked of a professional photographer. After looking through the photos I read the intro and indeed it addresses the fact that Uwe Ommer helped with lighting and composition with some of the shots. So, kudos for not hiding that fact.    I think the book is beautiful works of art of beautiful women and their surroundings. I don't believe for one second this is porn. There's nothing vulgar or disrespectful here. Just really nice shots.    Also the book is a lot bigger than I expected.  Highly recommended.
B000TLTUL0|5.0|Tim Burton: Hollywood's undisputed champion of gothic horror.   Sweeney Todd: a psycho barber and famous purveyor of dodgy pies.   Hmmmm... what took you so long?     It was screamingly obvious what a gorgeous team they would make. Rarely have we seen a film director so perfectly matched to a musical. And the black magic begins when Johnny Depp's white-faced Sweeney steals up the Thames at the dead of night. As the boat slips under a spooky London Bridge it becomes quite clear that Burton was put on earth to shoot this glorious melodrama.    The film unfolds like the Grimmest of fairy tales. Depp's bitter Sweeney returns to London after 15 years of hurt. His painful story emerges in hollow songs with haunting off-key melodies. He wears his grievances like armour. His plan to murder the men who condemned him to a penal colony in order to rape his wife hinges around the dismal apartment above Mrs Lovett's ailing pie shop. The atmosphere is vintage Hammer Studios. The gleaming monochrome shots of cobbled streets are drained of color. Effectively overwrought and excellent, Sweeney Todd is a movie of bombastic, impossible camera moves and rhapsodic yuckiness. Burton can't resist filling the screen with scuttling vermin or surges of splatterific violence.     Depp's Sweeney is a fiery-eyed, razor-brandishing cadaver with a mad Pagliacci glare. Bonham Carter is comparably corpse-like--a matched composition in bird-nest hairdo, death-pallor complexion, and heavily shadowed eyes. The musical chemistry between Depp and Helena Bonham Carter's genial cockney pie shop mistress is terrific. Sondheim approved the casting, and, surprisingly, Depp has a pleasing, if untrained, tenor. Alongside Bonham Carter's sweetly tentative voice, the numbers are inventively staged. Especially the cannibal waltz \\"A Little Priest\\" and the grotesquely wistful \\"By the Sea\\". Lovett's unreciprocated passion for Sweeney is the heart of the film and her bright idea of stuffing Sweeney's clients into meat pies seems almost perfectly sensible under the circumstances.    The film's pace is a surprise. Burton has pruned Sondheim's arias to fit the tempo of a real thriller -- brilliant editing - and the villains are far less stocky. Yes, the ghoulishly attractive couple is supported by a suitable gang of gargoyles; Sacha Baron Cohen delivers a priceless cameo as a jealous unisex rival with plans to blackmail Sweeney. Alan Rickman is a sinister pleasure as Judge Turpin. And Timothy Spall is equally effective as his ultra-violent slithery enforcer, Beadle Bamford.     Burton has never been one to spare the gore. The sound of skulls cracking open when Sweeney tosses his victims head first into the basement is not for the faint-of-heart. The director's knack of finding comedy in these ghastly scenes is tested to the limit. And the haunting final shot of the film, the details of which we must keep to ourselves so not to spoil the plot, is a masterful shot, painterly in its composition of framing, detail, and color.    There is much that can be said about Sweeney Todd, but for now we must insist that you stop reading about it, and experience the film for yourself. A mad serial killer, a helpful, adoring woman, a vile judge, and a barber's chair - all elements that combine to form much more than this simple review can encapsulate. It is masterful cinema, art and entertainment, vision and sound combined for a truly riveting experience.
B000VR824S|5.0|Received the DVD of Eric Clapton's Crossroads Guitar Festival 2007.  It arrived a bit later than I hoped in order to be a timely Christmas present but it did come, was in perfect condition and is much appreciated by my blues musician husband.  Thanks.
0143038419|5.0|What a great read. I think it's the first time in a long time, I found myself laughing out loud, more than once. Great writing, I didn't want it to end!! You can actually feel yourself along for the journey, and wanting to meet everyone that she does along her way...
B0006ZE7G2|5.0|i just really loved the movie.  This DVD also let me see any of Pink Floyd's music videos for the first time.
0375408266|2.0|When Michael was fifteen, he began an affair with a middle-aged woman named Hanna.  They shared little beyond the physical relationship; she was not a talker or a thinker as he was, but she did seem to enjoy it when he read to her.  One day she disappeared without a word, only to surface years later when she was on trial for crimes against humanity.<br /><br />The writing style of this book is similar to Albert Camus' [[ASIN:0521539773 The Stranger]], where the main character narrates the events of his life without passion or judgement, in a dulled, distant, vacant voice.  The first half of the book is fairly interesting with his steamy but unemotional affair with this mysterious and oddly callous woman.  I had to force myself to finish the second half, though, which explains her disappearance, trial, and the next eighteen years, because the monotone narration got really old and boring.<br /><br />It felt like the author was trying to be shocking and profound with his detached storytelling, but I was not impressed.  This would have made a very interesting short story, but I found it a tedious book.
0783225857|5.0|The order was received in a timely manner and I had no problems at all.
B000SCHC0Q|5.0|As I was reading A Thousand Splendid Suns I kept wondering if we would someday look back on Hosseini's books as one of the important events of the beginning of the 21st century, when he brought to the public's attention much of the drama, suffering and need to be hopeful for the people of Afganistan. This book was warm, tragic and gripping and just as important and involving as Kite Runner.
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|The first aspect to remark is the accurate construction of the dramatis personae: In the first half of the film we watch in body and soul the lives and times of Alvin York,  of a farmer who, from time to time liked to be the main troublemaker of the town, until the love of his life appeared before him. Then a sudden change will operate on him, becoming a fervent religious man, but gifted of an enviable aim, which eventually will be his talisman in the war.  The first half of the second part deals with its entrance to the trenchs of the war, knowing about the world extends itself far beyond his beloved land, and the conclussion is about his courage in the bloody combat. I mean, a simetric geometry.<br /><br />Based on a true story, that recreates a remote valley in Tennessee, but as many American people, is faithful human being dedicated to earn his life, working and working to get some acres of land.<br /><br />But the wartime will lead him by other landscapes where he will learn to distinguish between to kill a man is by far, less important  than save the life of many others.<br /><br />Alvin York embodies once more the essence of the hero, of humble and unknown origin who makes what he thinks it's right, without second intentions, and its only ideal once the war is to return his birthplace despite he is acclaimed as national hero, until he notices the good actions work out as a kind boomerang.<br /><br /> \\"Sergeant York\\" was one inspirational film, that permeated profoundly the epic spirit in those hard times in which the bloody WW2 was just beginning.<br /><br />And Howard Hawks' s enormous talent as storyteller is carved in relief with this meticulous style, provided of touching characters around York.<br /><br />Emblematic film that deserved to Gary Cooper an Academy award as Best actor in 1941.
B000K15VSA|5.0|I've been a Blade Runner fan for many years. I bought the first two versions on laserdisc. That both dates me and indicates I'm a pretty over the top home theatre person. I bought a version, or two on DVD. They weren't reallly better than the laserdisc, just more convienent. This is the best special edition I've purchased. It really is a step up, and definitive. Thanks Anazon.
0671646788|5.0|I first read this book a few years ago while part of a network marketing organization. It's not just about having bigger dreams it about opening up your mind to the potential greatness you have within you and embracing the future you can create for yourself.    I hate to say things like this book changed my life but in this case if I didn't it would be an understatement of what has happened. I've been chasing my dreams ever since. It's not easy and doesn't come fast enough but with goals and determination I know I can make it.
1881273156|5.0|This was a great book!  It explained how mens and womens needs are so different and how to figure out what your primary need is.  Made alot of sense.  I highly recommend it.
B0012QTT6M|5.0|Kinda a little bit like Weeds but I wont hold that against them. It's a great comedy, well written and good acting by all.  I think it has the potential that the Arrested Development pilot had. Bravo!
B00005JOFQ|5.0|This film is wonderful in every sense of the word--the scenery, the acting, the story. It's beautiful and heartbreaking in such a profound way. Heath Ledger made me ache inside for him. No matter what hoopla surrounded this movie, it's plain and simple. This is a love story.
B000X3KZVI|3.0|Never mind my 3-star rating because it is irrelevant. What matters most is what you already think of Mariah Carey. In fact, I don't know why I'm writing this, because world opinion renders any critical review impotent. There are people who love Mariah Carey's music, and those who can't stand it, and neither group is going to change, no matter what I have to say about it. This DVD collection contains a (very) short film by Spike Lee entitled \\"Lovers and Haters\\" that that makes my point for me. In the film, a group of `haters' attacks Mariah behind her back, wallowing in all kinds of nastiness while Mariah looks on and smiles it off. It's funny in a nasty sort of way, but that's the way the world is - either you identify with the girl, or you don't. Either you `get' her, or you don't. I could waste my time making all sorts of critical observations, but that would only throw me into the mix of players and haters, so I'll pass. Instead, I'll stick to the facts.<br /> \\"The Adventures of Mimi\\" is a 2 disk DVD set that features a live performance by Mariah and her awesomely talented (oops, that's an opinion) backing band, caught live while on tour in California. From beginning to end, the performance is so slick you could ice skate on it, containing a stunning mix of cheesy opulence and studied perfection. In a word, this is spectacle (or as Mariah refers to it, `spectacularity\\"). A team of dancers surrounds Mariah and they perform like Olympic gymnasts, while the background vocalists swoop and swoon their way through each song as though they were superstars in their own right. The stage features four huge screens to project Mariah's image in a size that suits the grandiose nature of the program, and that isn't counting the additional screens installed on either side of the main platform. More bangles, baubles, beads and bling separate the screens than you'd see in New Orleans during Mardi Gras. Mariah (or `Mimi') performs a segment of the show on a smaller stage in the center of the arena, which she accesses as if she were a boxer approaching the main event. It's all-incredible, but nothing is more incredible than the look of absolute rapture on the faces of her fans as she performs each of her hit recordings. A second disk contains backstage footage, some karaoke recordings and Spike Lee's short film, as mentioned above.<br />That should paint a fairly benign picture of the event featured on this DVD. There is simply no sense in denying Mariah Carey's talent, or her phenomenal popularity. This is a woman who has had 17 (and counting) #1 hits. A LOT of people love Mariah, and it would be ignorant for me to mention personal observations about her providing the world with a Disney-fied version of urban culture, or the hollow sentimentality of her lyrics. If I did that, I'd be a hater, so I'll keep my opinions to myself and let the world enjoy this video in peace. Oh, and the free perfume sample of `M' was quite nice, too.<br />If you're a player, rate this an `A' If you're a hater, rate it  `D -` Tom Ryanof the arena, which she accesses as if she were a boxer approaching the main event. It's all-incredible, but nothing is more incredible than the look of absolute rapture on the faces of her fans as she performs each of her hit recordings. A second disk contains backstage footage, some karaoke recordings and Spike Lee's short film, as mentioned above.   That should paint a fairly benign picture of the event featured on this DVD. There is simply no sense in denying Mariah Carey's talent, or her phenomenal popularity. This is a woman who has had 17 (and counting) #1 hits. A LOT of people love Mariah, and it would be ignorant for me to mention personal observations about her providing the world with a Disney-fied version of urban culture, or the hollow sentimentality of her lyrics. If I did that, I'd be a hater, so I'll keep my opinions to myself and let the world enjoy this video in peace. Oh, and the free perfume sample of `M' was quite nice, too.   If you're a player, rate this an `A' If you're a hater, rate it  `D -` Tom Ryan
B000AP04L0|5.0|In my circle of friends there is no film quoted, referenced or talked about as much as `Office Space'.  It is the collective favorite; the one film we can all agree on to have entertained us in every way possible.  Not a week goes by that this film is not mentioned among us and not once do we pass up an opportunity to watch this movie, even if only in part.  For instance, this film has been in rotation on Comedy Central for the past few months and in those past few months my best friend and I have watched this movie, in whole or in part, at least twelve times.<br /><br />Why?<br /><br />It's that good.<br /><br />`Office Space' is truly one of the richest comedies I've ever seen.  From the very start to the very end it delivers laugh after laugh, each as genuine as the one preceding.  That I think is the kicker.  Each joke, each gag, each laugh is just as purely entertaining as the last one, none of them fall south or feeling forced.  Each scenario is so real and so relatable that it all becomes all the more hilarious because we feel as though we've been here before.  Who hasn't had the condescending and overbearing boss who just can't seem to take a hint?  Who hasn't had the obsessive compulsive co-working who can't seem to get out of your way?  Who hasn't had that one pesky piece of office equipment that just won't seem to work right?  Who hasn't had that overachieving co-working that just won't seem to get out from under your skin?<br /><br />The point is that `Office Space' could be re-titled `Your Life' in the essence that it is so real and down to earth.  Sure, parts are exaggerated, but are they really?<br /><br />The story revolves around Peter Gibbons, a man who loathes his little cubicle of an office space at his horror show of a job and only wants to be free of the responsibilities of adulthood.  His girlfriend is obviously cheating on him and wants for him to grow up.  His friends all hate their jobs as much as he does but like Peter are too chicken to take any action about it.  This is all until Bob Slydell is hired to evaluate who is really pulling their weight within the company and start making some cut-backs.  This all happens just about the time that Peter is hypnotized and placed under a spell of serenity.  While his friends Samir and Michael are fretting over losing their job Peter is slacking off, showing up late (if at all) and doing his best to upset his boss Mr. Lumbergh.  Then the three friends concoct a plan to end their worrying forever, but of course it's going to backfire.<br /><br />Ron Livingston is brilliantly cast as Peter.  His laid back portrayal of Peter is marvelous.  Ajay Naidu does wonderful things with Samir, but it's David Herman that steals this entire film with his neurotic and aggressive portrayal of Michael Bolton (yup, you heard me right).  Supporting parts played by Jennifer Aniston, Diedrich Bader and Gary Cole are sure to entertain and leave an impression and of course Stephen Roots portrayal of Milton is sure to elicit plenty of laughs.<br /><br />What is really great about `Office Space' is that it's not just out there to bash corporate America but in actuality it attacks the work environment in general.  Sure Peter and his corporate business woes are prominent here but we are introduced to Joanna, Peters love interest, and her struggle with her waitressing job at Chotchkie's, a restaurant chain in the vein of TGI Fridays.  As she battles with her boss obsessed with `flair' and being compared to her co-worker obsessed with kissing up and being teachers-pet so-to-speak we see the ugly side of the workplace from a whole different perspective.  It's such a well rounded comedy that you can't help but appreciate the irony.<br /><br />I can't think of enough good things to say about this hilarious satire.  All I can say is see this movie again and again for optimum enjoyment and laugh your butt off.  You deserve it.  You work all week long and have little to show for it.  It's abouttime you embrace your own misery and find all the humor there is to find in your puppet dance for the man.time you embrace your own misery and find all the humor there is to find in your puppet dance for the man.
B000001GLK|5.0|I love Bethoven's \\"Emperor\\".  I since bought three versions played by Pollini, Arthur Rubinstein, and Wihelm Kempff.  All are very good, but Pollini's play simply sounds more \\"Bethovenish\\" to me -- majestic, balanced, powerful yet beautiful.   If you are to have only one album of \\"Emperor\\", this is the one for you.
0143038419|5.0|This is a very enjoyable book to read. Gilbert's writing is smooth, easy, and very funny. If you are like me and you are in love with traveling, then you will enjoy this book.
B00065GX64|5.0|This is without hyperbole one of the best movies ever made.  When I first watched it, I was absolutely riveted.  While German cinema of this time period (1920s-1930s) was certainly edgy, experimental and deeply rooted in the social issues of the day, this movie stands above the rest.  It's one of the very first movies to examine the social problems of serial killers, pedophiles, mental illness and mob rule.  And all of this is delivered with Fritz Lang's incomparable film-making style.<br /><br />The newest Criterion release is definitely the best available.  Not only does the film look lovely with its new transfer, but there are plenty of informative extras to keep Lang's most ardent fans happy.
0446577391|4.0|In this third book of the Camel Club series, Annabelle Conroy is fleeing from a casino owner whom she has swindled to the tune of forty million dollars.  Meanwhile a man named Harry Finn is methodically killing off former CIA agents.  Eventually these two plots intersect and soon it becomes a cat-and-mouse game with the government men being the \\"bad guys\\" who are opposed to those who would take away their power.  The plot becomes increasingly more complicated as old secrets are revealed and old grudges are avenged.  The action is non-stop and the pages turn quickly in typical David Balducci style.
B000TGJ8IU|3.0|If you're a fan of Brad Pitt (as I am), and revisionist history (which I'm not) then you'll love Troy.  It's not that Troy is a bad film, because it is most certainly not.  And if you haven't read the Iliad then it's a way to ease into the story without dealing with all of Homer's language, which is beautiful but like Shakespeare can be hard to follow if you're not into it.  But for those of us who have read the Iliad and love Homer's story telling ability as well as the language in which is conveys it, Troy the movie is somewhat of a disappointment. To say the very least.      While the film is action packed and fast moving it also glosses over some very important components of the original text.  While trying to sanitize it for the masses it has been stripped of some key and compelling elements.  The gods have been relegated to hushed background chatter; the very fact that Achilles himself is a demigod, hence his superior abilities has been completely lost.  The fact that he had a weak spot to exploit (by a purely lucky shot on Paris' part) makes his death far less dramatic and quite frankly anticlimactic.  And to top it all off the relationship between Achilles and Patroculos has been so homogenized as to ask the question why would Achilles mourn for him the way he did none the less go after Hector for killing him in battle.     It is a shame that apparently some of us can't get past the concept of two men can loving each other in every sense of the word and still being fierce warriors.  Achilles is written more nobly in the film than he was in the Iliad because while great he was a selfish and at times childish man.  Who turned his back on his people in a time of war because he was slighted by Agamemnon.      If you want some fluff, with a macho action hero punch then buy Troy, not the worst way to spend a Saturday night.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I love this movie its awesome. Heath Ledger was a terrific actor. He will be miss!!! R.I.P Heath!!!
075640407X|3.0|I had a very hard time deciding how to rate this book.  There are many pluses but there are also many minuses and so I decided to go with strictly middle of the road.  Even though the pluses are very strong, so are the minuses and so I feel that the book is deserving of three stars because the pros and cons of it do balance one another out.      On the minus side of the scale, we have the length of the novel.  I am not opposed to long novels by any means but I am opposed to a novel being longer than it needs to be.  It is easy for a writer to ramble a bit about their subject.  The challenge is in paring the story down to its essentials without losing any of its essence.  There is a great deal in the story that propels the plot and gives the reader some necessary information about the characters but there is also a great deal that really isn't essential to the story and, thus, tends to bog it down.    I also did not care for the story within a story format.  I think Rothfuss would have been better served simply by telling Kvothe's tale of his childhood in this novel and leaving off the glimpses of the now-adult Kvothe.  I understand that he is laying the foundation for the great mystery that is meant to be central to the series but I found the transition from one time period to another to be rough and distracting.  It is a difficult device to use and I didn't feel that Rothfuss put it to good use here.  Whenever the story switched to the present day Kvothe, I couldn't help but find him a bit self-indulgent for going on and on about his past while the world is seemingly falling apart right outside his door.  I also felt that the whole build up to his beginning to tell his tale was too much exposition and was rather dull at times.    I still can't quite make up my mind about the characters.  Rothfuss does a good job of creating some vivid ones but not so much with other ones.  The present day Kvothe doesn't quite jibe with the past Kvothe so I'm hoping that transformation will become clearer in future installments.  I liked and sympathized with the past Kvothe, though I admit to sometimes raising an eyebrow as his seemingly effortless talent for picking up anything and everything and learning it in about two days flat.  I did not like Denna who did inspire some serious eye rolling.  In general, Rothfuss treats his female characters well but I still found them all a bit stereotypical and little more than plot devices and none more so than Denna.  Still, there is time for her to become more developed so she may be redeemed in the end.  Of all the characters, I think the one that interested me the most was Bast because Rothfuss gives teasingly little detail about him but it was just enough to pique my interest and make me want to discover more.    Lastly, it has to be said that there was some evidence of some imperfect editing in this book.  Some of it was repetitive and I distinctly remember a paragraph where two sentences in a row began with \\"Still,\\".  At other times I would stumble across a phrase and think, \\"Didn't I just read that exact same phrase fifteen pages ago?\\"     On the plus side, Rothfuss has created a rather good coming-of-age tale in his telling of Kvothe's childhood.  I liked knowing what went into making Kvothe the person he became and I think that if the story had just picked up with modern day Kvothe while throwing in a detail or two about his past, the character would have been done a disservice.  I found the scenes in Tarbean particularly vivid and Rothfuss did a nice job of creating a very sympathetic tale about an orphan forced to live on his wits alone in very harsh conditions.    I also liked that Rothfuss did not simply label Kvothe as \\"poor\\" and then move on with the tale.  His poverty is a real obstacle and an integral part of Kvothe's struggle to survive.  I liked that Rothfuss got down to the nuts and bolts of Kvothe's poverty, discussing every last bit of cash that Kvothe possessed because it's a very real representation of what people in such circumstances deal with every day.  It's only when someone has money that they don't need to think about it.  Kvothe has none and so his every move is influenced by this reality and I found his constant fears of insolvency to be very real.    The strongest plus for me was the quality of Rothfuss's writing.  His tale is anything but mere formula and he has created a rich and fully realized world.  His descriptions are very nice and he has a very tender touch with some of the scenes in the novel.  He doesn't shy away from use of emotion and the fact that Kvothe sometimes cries, is sometimes afraid, and is sometimes very angry make the character all the more human and real.  Rothfuss strikes me as the type of author who will only improve over time and I think that as he pares his story down more, his writing will become that much stronger.  This was a good debut but I look forward to even better things to come from this author.
B0009HAHD4|5.0|I really appreciate when things are just the way they should be, problem free, and this is the case.
B000AOEMXM|5.0|Enterprise was special to me. I was disappointed when the series ended after four seasons. I watched it in syndication, but owning all four seasons on DVD is fantastic.  Not only is the quality of the format better, but being able to view the multi-part episodes in one sitting enhances the appreciation of the story.  Especially season three the \\"Zindi years\\". I think Enterprise meets the Roddenberry relevance test as well as any of the five series:  the story, the message and the characters will continue to entertain and teach us something about ourselves and the world we live in whenever we view them. I am very pleased with my purchase.
0201721481|5.0|Since I'm the 58th person to a write a five-star review for this book, this comment seems fatuous; whatever.<br /><br />This book is simply fantastic. Although I had prior programming experience before learning from this book, I strongly believe that anyone can learn C++ even if you've never programed before. It gives clear explanations and uses excellent examples.<br /><br />The book begins with a simple introduction to programming, and the first seven chapters go over the basic constructs of programming, it isn't until the 8th chapter does it delve in C++ material. OOP is more complicated than most people take for granted, so if you can understand it well, you will be on your way to writing excellent code.<br /><br />If you can, learn C++ before Java--ideally learn C before C++, each predecessor has less concepts to understand but harder to write efficient code in.
B000255LIY|5.0|Last week I had the pleasure of viewing for the third time the original Lion in Winter, and decided to check out this newer version. See my review of the original, which of course I rated 5 stars as well, for my thoughts on that. IMO,the new production is different. Not better, not worse, just different.<br />Glenn Close and Patrick Stewart are both fine actors who are well suited to playing their roles as royalty. Both turned in subtle, restrained performances that do credit to both themselves and the play, never allowing overbearing grandness and arrogance to obscure the humanity of their characters. Having read widely on the subject of their lives, I believe that both Eleanor and Henry were consummate power players, capable of using either bullying or beguilement as the situation required. Close and Stewart display emotion from one end of that range to the other. It's often said that love and hatred are opposite sides of the same coin, and that is certainly apparent here, between husband and wife as well as parents and children.<br />The supporting cast in the new Lion is also strong, though you have to wonder if the original John was really as worthless and repulsive a toady as he appears on screen.(Eleanor was certainly correct in her assessment of his kingly potential!) The other production values are stunning, with accurately researched costuming and good contrast between the richness of the interior and the dirt and squalor of the exterior settings. It was striking to watch for the servants, who performed their duties nearly invisibly, as would have been expected.<br />This is a movie worth watching, though a tolerance for talk over action is required. Goldman's  dialog is timeless, every bit as witty, stinging, and touching as ever.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|Radiohead has grown up with me, as I with them.  We both have learned what the world holds for all of us and now splendor in the muse that our respective children bring to our lives.  no longer me or I... now we and us!  I love the depth and range of in rainbows and admire the rough, raw and very real music.
B00005JLIU|5.0|This is one of the most incredibly light hearted, and beloved musicals from the golden era of movie magic. Starring an unrivaled cast of Carol Channing, Mary Tyler Moore, and Julie Andrews as the title character Millie. The movie begins with an unexpected crime, then moves to the thoroughly traditional Millie walking the streets of 1922's New York, and updating her look to the tune of the toe tapping introductory song \\"Thoroughly Modern Millie\\". The movie keeps the pace with catchy iconic songs, and unforgettable scenes, such as the elevator that requires the riders to dance, Carol Channing being shot from a cannon, and the defeat of the Chinese slave trade. The introduction of several subplots only serves to promote the  main theme, \\"love has everything to do with it\\"!   Next time you are sitting back wishing you had an exciting, family friendly, and thoroughly modern movie to keep you entertained for a few hours get this in the DVD player - ASAP!
B000XPU5NY|5.0|Because the guys weren't promoting a new album, the song selection was culled from almost all albums going back to Selling England By the Pound (Abacab didn't have a track represented; and I'm excluding the And-Then-There-Were-Two album).  For long-time fans, it's hard to fault the song selection.  Who would've guessed that we would ever again hear Carpet Crawlers and Ripples from Genesis?  (Supper's Ready is probably too much to ask for :)  So it's definitely not for the casual listener.  If I had to knock the song selection, it's that almost all these tracks appear on their previous live records (Seconds Out, Three Sides Live, The Way We Walk).  It's as if they just picked out their favorites from these old live records; yet it's hard to argue that these may be their best songs.  Plus, by hearing these tracks re-done live, you gain a sense of history and a connected-ness to their heritage.  I have a particular fondness for the modern-day rendition of the Firth of Fifth instrumental passage--while some may consider it sacrilege to think it, I think Daryl Stuermer's aggressive interpretation of Hackett's guitar solo is first-rate.   Like most old fans, I would have preferred that they leave out filler tracks like Throwing it All Away and I Can't Dance, but hey, they have to sell some tickets to the masses too.  And, finally, as far as song selection, the drum solo--which is usually a highlight of the show--this time drags on too long in the bar-stool segment; while entertaining seen live, it doesn't carry well on CD.  Compared with The Way We Walk, the pace on this record is more laid-back; the guitars crunchier; the drums fatter; and the bass deeper.  In general, the mix sounds almost as clean as a studio recording.  Phil's voice, though lower with age, gets better as the concert progresses (it's quite raspy on Turn it on Again, for example, the first vocal track); Mama is clearly the high point for vocals.  Now, I'm just waiting for the March 2008 release of DVD;here's to hoping it gets put out eventually on Blu-Ray too.
B000EGCITG|5.0|This is Pink's best CD so far. Usually on a CD, I have to skip some of the songs, don't have to on this one. Fast songs, slow songs, everything is good. I may not agree with everything she says in her song about President Bush but at least it is a song of meaning instead of the loads of crap out there. Saw her in concert and she sounds great.
B00005JPXY|4.0|Perusing a number of reviews about this film, I've come to realize that a lot of people are giving it three or less stars because they felt that it was \\"overhyped.\\"  However, after watching \\"Cloverfield,\\" I saw that it met my expectations as a somewhat experimental monster movie.  J.J. Abrams merely planted the seed last year with that brief glimpse of footage from what we would learn to be as Hud's \\"documentary\\" on the last night that his friend, Rob, would be spending in Manhattan before heading off for Japan.  It was the viewers of said clip who ran with it and created such a stir that a large portion of the population wanted to see this mysterious movie.  That's what you call good advertising in my book.  I praised \\"The Blair Witch Project\\" for doing the same thing a few years back even though that movie wasn't half as good as \\"Cloverfield.\\"<br /><br />With that said, \\"Cloverfield\\" is just what it claims to be:  a monster flick shown from the point of view of a lowly citizen running for his life from a danger he knows very little about.  There is no great leader of the city to protect the people.  There's no young scientist to find a solution to the very big problem.  There's not even a cocksure military leader, just a couple of run-ins with soldiers almost as confused as the primary characters.  Does it work?  Yes.  Are there flaws?  Yes.  That doesn't stop the viewer from enjoying the film, however.<br /><br />Director Matt Reeves utilizes noise, chaos, uncertainty and pitch black scenery to get into the viewer's head.  On a number of occasions during the film, I caught myself trying to look around the corner of the camera in order to see what was happening.  Viewing the situation through the lens of a digicam makes the viewer seem to be a \\"part\\" of the action, even though everybody was securely tucked in their seats, most likely stuffing there faces with popcorn (I know I was).  Sure, one could argue that anybody with a little bit of common sense would drop the camera to help their friends, but then again, there wouldn't be much of a movie to watch, would there?<br /><br />Characters such as the goofy Hud (T.J. Miller), Lily (Jessica Lucas), and Marlena (Lizzy Caplan), draw genuine sympathy from the crowd as we learn just enough about them to care for them.  Rob (Michael Stahl-David) is likeable, but comes across as a bit selfish when the others are in danger.  Jason Vogel (Hawk) and Odette Yustman (Beth) are excellent in their roles, but aren't part of the primary group as long as the rest of the characters (don't let that revelation make you sure of their demise, either).<br /><br />Abrams also throws in a couple of twists on the traditional monster movie that weren't touched on in the film's trailers.  When you see them, you'll realize that there's even more to this film than one would think.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Cloverfield\\" does deliver on its hype and stealthy ad campaign.  I wonder if some of those who are upset with the film are really upset with themselves for getting pumped up over a movie that never truly revealed enough details before its release to give the viewer any specific expectations.  As stated before, this movie is nothing more than it proclaimed to be in the months prior to its release.  I highly recommend it to fans of monster movies, sci-fi flicks in general, and those who like to see a \\"what if\\" scenario come to fruition.p their friends, but then again, there wouldn't be much of a movie to watch, would there?      Characters such as the goofy Hud (T.J. Miller), Lily (Jessica Lucas), and Marlena (Lizzy Caplan), draw genuine sympathy from the crowd as we learn just enough about them to care for them.  Rob (Michael Stahl-David) is likeable, but comes across as a bit selfish when the others are in danger.  Jason Vogel (Hawk) and Odette Yustman (Beth) are excellent in their roles, but aren't part of the primary group as long as the rest of the characters (don't let that revelation make you sure of their demise, either).    Abrams also throws in a couple of twists on the traditional monster movie that weren't touched on in the film's trailers.  When you see them, you'll realize that there's even more to this film than one would think.    Overall, \\"Cloverfield\\" does deliver on its hype and stealthy ad campaign.  I wonder if some of those who are upset with the film are really upset with themselves for getting pumped up over a movie that never truly revealed enough details before its release to give the viewer any specific expectations.  As stated before, this movie is nothing more than it proclaimed to be in the months prior to its release.  I highly recommend it to fans of monster movies, sci-fi flicks in general, and those who like to see a \\"what if\\" scenario come to fruition.
B0000VAFO0|5.0|I love everything about this movie, especially Kate as the hottest death dealer in the universe. I can watch this over and over. Great story, fantastic special effects and awesome action scenes.
B00005AQE8|5.0|This album right here made everybody step their game up. Alot of people droped double disk albums trying to keep up. But couldn't quite match half the firepower of this record.    Production is A+ all across the board. Dope producers. Dat Nigga Daz, Devante, and Johhny J an average producer really stepped his game up. Pac just made everybody step their game up. The guest appreances are stupid jumbo crack too. You know the lyrics is dope. Always from Pac.    The first record is all the hits. Some say whats ya phone # is a filler, but its not. Its more of a joke, or shall I say comedy record. If you remember Dogg Food from Dogg Pound, they droped a record on there where they had a girl talkin on the phone. Thats what Pac tried to do, in terms of crackin a joke on an album.    The second record has nothing but the street anthems. Shorty Wanna Be A Thug, OutLaw Immortalz, Thug Passion, Picture Me Rollin, Run The Streetz, We Ain't Hard To Find. Every song on this record has meaning, it means something.    Best record of all time period. I've bought this like 3-4 times. This isn't even Pac's best album lyrically either. Its probally Makaveli. But all in all, from top to bottem, I havn't heard a record hip hop speaking that comes close to this.
B00004XPPB|3.0|After reading the book, I was hyped to see the movie. I was let down by the movie, so many details left out. See the movie, then read the book.
B000YA9R3C|5.0|There are those who will \\"get\\" Paul Thomas Anderson's There Will Be Blood and those who won't. The film is beyond comparison to anything in contemporary cinema and will likely confuse those expecting a formulaic movie experience. There Will Be Blood is more akin to the strict visual representation of a novel - rather than a mere adaptation for screen. Unlike most modern films, there is virtually no dialogue in the first thirty minutes; no heroes per se; no singular narrative pervasive among its many scenes that could be called the central plot; etc. It's this abandonment of convention that is one of There Will Be Blood's greatest strengths and likely the main reason this author witnessed many movie-goers walking out of the movie and/or complaining that they \\"hated it\\" afterwards. If you're willing to forgo convention and simply appreciate an honest story about disparate individuals behaving in sincere accordance with their motivations, then you'll assuredly love the epic that is There Will Be Blood.    There Will Be Blood is the story of primarily three people: Daniel Plainview (Daniel Day-Lewis) - an entrepreneur whose competitive streak is unbridled; Eli Sunday (Paul Dano) - an evangelical faith-healer with harrowing zeal; and H.W. Plainview (Dillon Freasier) - an unsettled child striving to make sense of his station. The film is a saga of their aspirations and the unexpected places their distinct personalities take them.    The film begins in 1898 with Daniel Plainview working in solitude at a remote, silver mine. This (mostly) silent time spent alone with Daniel Day-Lewis' character affectingly brings the viewer to an intimate sympathy for his passion and his drive to said passion. Several years pass within the first 30 minutes of the film. The audience witnesses Plainview's hard-earned ascension from lowly prospector to an aspiring oil baron who cunningly swindles oil-ignorant settlers out of huge fortunes in exchange for his expertise. Always at Plainview's side is his son H.W. - a silent puppet used to demonstrate to potential clients that \\"Daniel Plainview is a family man.\\" In their time spent alone however, one can almost see Daniel's love for H.W. manifest within the twinkle of his eye - Daniel just doesn't know how to express this sentiment to H.W.    The fate of the Plainviews' family business is inexorably changed when Daniel is sold a tip by a young man named Paul Sunday (Paul Dano) that there is an ocean of oil seeping throughout the territory of Little Boston, California. Daniel and H.W. engage on a pseudo-hunting trip to scout the land that is owned by the Sunday family. H.W. discovers oil seepage and proudly shows his father. Without divulging his true intentions, Daniel attempts to buy the property from the Sundays as a place for H.W. and him to hunt quail. Abel Sunday (David Willis) is more than happy to oblige before his self-proclaimed, faith-healer son (Paul's twin) Eli (also played by Paul Dano) protests and exposes Plainview's oil-drilling ambitions. Daniel eventually acquires the Sunday property (albeit at a much higher price) and proceeds to buy all surrounding properties throughout the community (except one that becomes a key part of the story later on). Plainview promises to give the bought-out residents schools, irrigation and wealth - although through Day-Lewis' superb acting, the audience can perceive that Plainview's greedy lust for oil is his singular goal. Once the stage is set, the tale of a clamorous capitalist unfurls - his triumphs and tribulations (both equally gripping).    What makes this story so captivating, is witnessing the motivations of these robust characters play out. Daniel Day-Lewis' masterful portrayal of Daniel Plainview is stunning. He is both charismatic and detestable; There Will Be Blood is essentially his story and as such, the film itself contains sentiments of both charisma and detestability. In essence, Daniel Day-Lewis takes There Will Be Blood from being merely good to the level of classic cinema. Lewis deserves every bit of media praise that he has received for this role - one would be hard-pressed to find a more memorable character than Daniel Plainview in There Will Be Blood.    One would be remiss however, to not acknowledge the other excellent actors in There Will Be Blood. Paul Dano is frightening in his portrayal of berserk evangelical Eli Sunday. Eli's outrageous behavior and impenetrable hold over the residents of Little Boston perpetually fuels the contest of convictions between himself and Daniel Plainview. In spite of this, it is unfortunate that Paul Dano was also cast as his brother Paul as this leads to quite a bit of unintended confusion as to whether they are in actuality, brothers or multiple personalities of the same being.    Credit must also be given to Dillon Freasier as H.W. The role Dillon plays in There Will Be Blood compliments Day-Lewis perfectly as the catalyst which exposes Daniel Plainview's most repugnant as well as most admirable attributes.    There Will Be Blood is a film which deserves recognition of classic caliber. It is a compelling epic and to some degree, a telling tragedy of unhindered lust for human contrivances. There Will Be Blood will not be appreciated by everyone - its uniqueness as a film precludes comparison to anything previously seen in film. It is this profound distinctiveness however, that demands everyone's attention; love it or hate it, There Will Be Blood is a pre-eminent slice of cinematic art!    [...]
B000ICLRJ8|4.0|i loved this movie and when it went out in blu-ray i bought it since i didnt have it in dvd...picture quality was great specially the landmines scene and during the ending rescue...
0143034901|4.0|\\"The Shadow of the Wind,\\" by Carlos Ruiz Z&aacute;fon is an enchanting work of escapist literature. It is a dark atmospheric novel with unrestrained nineteenth-century literary overtones--a luxuriously layered tale of mystery, intrigue, obsession, seduction, passion, devotion, revenge, loyalty, madness, and everlasting love. Most importantly, it is a book about books--about the power of books to alter lives. Most book lovers will fall under its spell within a few brief pages.<br /><br />The book opens with the young narrator's father taking him to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books. The father explains to the boy that visitors are allowed to choose a book only if they pledge to keep it alive. Ten-year-old Daniel chooses \\"The Shadow of the Wind\\" by Julian Carax. He falls in love with the book and becomes obsessed with finding out as much as he can about its enigmatic author. So our book becomes a mysterious quest to find the truth about Carax--how \\"The Shadow of the Wind\\" came into existence, and ultimately made its way into the Cemetery of Forgotten Books. It is also a captivating coming-of-age tale.<br /><br />At one point in the novel the main character Daniel, tries to explain to his girlfriend Beatriz his obsession with Carax. He tells her that his obsession is all \\"about accursed books, about the man who wrote them, about a character who got out of the pages of a novel so that he could burn it, about a betrayal and a lost friendship. It's a story of love, of hatred and of the dreams that live in the shadow of the wind.\\" Beatriz teases Daniel, saying that he talks like \\"a jacket blurb of a Victorian novel.\\" And how right she is!<br /><br />This work does read like a Victorian novel, yet it is set in the period just after the Spanish Civil War. The book delivers a maze of stories within stories most with mysteries behind every revelation. The reader will be reminded of the styles of many long-gone literary giants. But don't be lulled into expecting too much on account of the novel's florid literary style--if you do you may be disappointed and miss the fun! This is a work of contemporary fiction, not a literary masterpiece. Also, it is not a realistic drama, but melodrama. To enjoy it, you'll need to turn off your reality sensors and step into a world where good and evil are clear, and characters are larger than life. I am not suggesting that there is fantasy, or surrealism here, merely the exaggerated perceptions of a young man who has not yet reached maturity, a boy who has spent his life reading perhaps a little too much fiction. In this fashion, Daniel' naïve view of life reminds me of the young Catherine Morland in Jane Austen's \\"Northanger Abbey.\\"<br /><br />There is much in Z&aacute;fon's prose that delights; there is also much that I found poorly executed and over-the-top--but on the whole, the novel is far better than most popular fiction. There is plenty to enjoy in this almost-500-page novel...but if you prefer, listen to the sumptuous unabridged audio version (16 CDs, 19 hours) where the reading is frequently accompanied by original music composed by the author to enhance the mood and adds to the melodrama. The reader, Jonathan Davis, is outstanding. Listening to this novel accentuates its sensory experience!<br /><br />Although Z&aacute;fon was born in Barcelona, he has spend almost the last two decades living in Los Angeles, making a living as a television screenwriter. This is his debut novel. Originally written in Spanish and published in Spain, the book was translated into English by the talented Lucia Graves, daughter of the famous British literary giant, Robert Graves. Z&aacute;fon admits that he has a lifelong fascination for 19th-century English literature. But his first love is great storytelling, wherever he finds it--in books, television, or movies. He has spent a great deal of time painstakingly deconstructing the world's best storytellers to discover their secrets.<br /><br />This novel has become aninternational bestseller because the author learned his lessons well and does seem to possess some magical inside track to the art of great storytelling. With time, he should get even better. I recommend this book highly and look forward to the author's next novel.and does seem to possess some magical inside track to the art of great storytelling. With time, he should get even better. I recommend this book highly and look forward to the author's next novel.
0385733577|5.0|this was an amazing story there is so much going on but it all fits together and makes you want to continue to read.  I had such a hard time putting this book down it was great i would recommend this book for anyone who likes magical fantasy.
B000Z27HLS|5.0|I watched Persuasion and now Northanger Abbey on Public Television this month and I absolutely loved Northanger Abbey! Of the two, it was my favorite.    Let me just say that I have not read many of Jane Austen's books, so I am only commenting on the Masterpiece Theatre Northanger Abbey as a very enjoyable 1 and 1/2!    The acting was wonderful, the music was wonderful, the dancing...the scenery.  Kept my interest greatly and I was sorry when it ended.   Luckily, I could record it and watch the next day!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|The product was delivered in record time and in great condition.  I am very pleased.
B0000C0FJB|1.0|Atrocious recording of what should have been a stellar representation of Rush's triumphant return in 2002.  People are not exaggerating when they say this is a horrible recording. I love this band dearly but can't bring myself to listen to this album after many attempts at trying to get into it. It literally hurts my ears. The band actually listened to all the complaints about Rush in Rio and R30 (their next live recording release) is miles improved with Richard Chycki at the helm.  Skip this one and wait for Snakes and Arrows Live 2007, which comes out in April 2008.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|(***contains some spoilers***)<br />I enjoyed this movie very much.  The musical score is beautiful, and adds great depth to the story.  Costumes and locations also draw viewers into the story period.  Although not an \\"Austen purist\\", I have read \\"Persuasion\\" and I own most of the various film adaptations of her novels, including the previous version of \\"Persuasion\\" starring Ciaran Hinds and Amanda Root.<br /><br />Comparing the two DVDs, I find that, while the earlier version of \\"Persuasion\\" may more exactly align to the book and is a wonderful movie, this newer adaptation has an updated approach that allows viewers to more closely engage with the characters, especially with Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth.  Sally Hawkins plays Anne Elliot as a well-born Englishwoman who loves her family, close friends and home with such depth that she accedes to their disapproval of her attachment at 19 to as yet unproven young naval officer Frederick Wentworth and breaks off her engagement.  The movie picks up 8 yrs later when Captain Wentworth has made his fortune in the Navy and returns to the area where Anne sees him again through his interaction with her extended family and friends.<br /><br />In this 2007 movie version I better understood the relationship between Wentworth and Anne.  I felt Anne's grief and regret at losing through her own choice what she later realized was her best chance for happiness, loving him still and forced to watch him being pursued by others.  I recognized Wentworth's anger and resentment at being dumped as a young man because of his \\"station\\"; his pride smarting at the continued denigration he experienced from Anne's supercilious family and close friend Lady Russell.  I saw his fascination with Anne despite all this, his inability to love or marry another because of her.  In Rupert Penry-Jones' portrayal of Captain Wentworth, you sense that he is constantly aware of Anne both in and out of her actual presence.  There is also a fuller realization of his own culpability in the events that transpire due in part to his own behavior. In his initial desire to prove his indifference to Anne, he himself is the one that nearly derails a second chance at happiness.<br /><br />The ending scenes are what I found most expanded from the novel.  While Anne's racing around Bath on foot to find Wentworth was perhaps unusual, it is in keeping with her determination to seize her happiness despite any obstacles.  Though she deals graciously in her own sweet way with interruptions along the way, her absolute determination to reach Wentworth is very evident.  The scene where she responds to his proposal has got to be one of the most intensely filmed, yet innocent, love scenes in recent memory.  Sally Hawkins' whole demeanor - her eyes, body language - as she tells Wentworth in period language that she'll marry him was absolutely stunning.  In the final scene, there was a certain justice in Anne receiving from Wentworth the home she loved and had tried so hard to maintain despite her family's spendthrift ways.<br /><br />All in all, a great movie and refreshing take on a classic period novel.
B000OY8NII|5.0|This has got to be one of the best new series to come out.  It blends in sci.fi. with humour without taking itself too seriously. The chemistry between the actors is obivious and is one tv series I am going to watch again.    I just hope that the producers of Eureka get the second series to disk asap.    This is one series I do not begrudge paying for.
B000PKG7I4|5.0|Quite frankly I was hesitant to hear a prequel to the outstanding Back to Black, the latter filtered as it were through a more conservative prism. But as it turns out I'm more than happy listening to this cd which sounds even more soulful than the newer issue. I don't think there's a musical instrument out there with the fluent sonorities that come out of Amy's vocal apparatus. She's clearly having fun with the cadential melismas in F** me Pumps, the obsessive regularity of the tune having a dismissive air about it that informs the content. Anyone that can off-handedly rhyme \\"players\\" with \\"say-a\\" and then \\"millionaire\\" proceeding with this syncopted metric scheme throughout the rest of the lyric is clearly having  fun, however mordant her wit may be. This is Amy at her most amiable.  But the standout song for my taste is \\"Stronger than Me\\" showing as she does in general, an incredible vocal range and emotional versatility. The melody here is as strong as its delivery. There's conviction here and all the other songs follow suit. If you loved Back to Black get Frank in more ways than one! Amy is incomparable. Her songs here are different but she delivers them with the same vocal fervor and with even more vocal nuance than her songs on Back to Black.
B0000AKY7O|5.0|Santana always played a blend of latin jazz and rock, but the accent was usually on rock.  This album is the closer to jazz than rock.  I liked it when it was first released (and I wasn't particularly into jazz yet), and over the years I came to like it more and more.  It is a truly outstanding and unique recording.  It does not have the standard Santana sound (which I also think is great) -- except for \\"Flame Sky\\", the guitar playing is quite restrained.  Mike Shrieve's drumming is excellent throughout -- somehow he manages to sound simultaneously relaxed and frenzied.  I never liked the opening track all that much, and I'm not always in the mood for \\"Flame Sky\\", but rest never gets tired.     Note: I have the old, non-remastered version without \\"Mantra\\"
B000SO7OL6|5.0|It's usually the quality of the song selections that make an album stand out. This is an album that is the best selections from Ms Krall's work, which she chooses from a larger existing repertoire that contains a lot of jazz standards, and so you could hardly find a better song list. Some may complain about the resulting familiarity, but not me! Diana has a low voice with a streak of sexy, which fits right in with the style, a quartet of melodic piano jazz. She may not be the next American Idol or Jazz pianist of the year, but she does a wonderful job of making these tunes come to life. Most of them are upbeat, a good listen on Saturday morning while you're getting your day started.
B00005JPXY|5.0|The real goal of any movie worth its salt is to draw us head-first into a reality that is not our own.  To help us inhabit new places, sometimes fantastic, sometimes harsh and gritty, but always powerful.  Stories are really beside the point.  So are easy answers and resolutions.  No movie that has ever made a truly lasting impression on anyone did so solely because it had a cool plot or a nifty twist at the end.  There's always something more there; something that makes you lose yourself for a moment and become someone else, somewhere else.<br /><br />The world has grown so jaded, and people so skeptical, that this isn't easy to do.  J.J. Abrams, of [[ASIN:B000P6YNSE Lost]] and [[ASIN:B000H5V8D6 Alias]] fame, is a man with weird and wonderful ideas, and he has created in \\"Cloverfield\\" a movie that isn't deep or profound, but which resonates with powerful humanity, which ripples with very believable terror.  I haven't felt this enraptured and excited by a film since I was thirteen years old, back when I didn't care so much how meaningful and thoughtful a movie was, as long as it managed to grab me without letting go.<br /><br />I will say this right now: shame on you if you whine about the shaky camera work.  Boo to you if you moan about the lack of a plot.  And go soak your head if you complain about the frustrating lack of clear images or action scenes.  By now, you should already know that this flick is filmed documentary-style, through the lens of a single camera carried by one very confused and harried citizen of New York as that city undergoes attack from some unknown thing or things.  Those of you with tender tummies and a susceptibility to vertigo should stay away.<br /><br />Too bad for you, because you're missing one hell of a ride.  Universal Studios makes millions out of roller coasters designed to make us feel like we're in a movie.  Reality television shows have spent years pretending to showcase real people at their worst and best.  \\"Cloverfield\\" bypasses all of that with the most gorgeous ease, seducing you into a young man's going away party (he's leaving on the morrow to work in Japan, a clever nod to the Godzilla inspiration this movie banks on and surpasses), and then completely knocking the socks off of you with a series of horrific moments that are captured in the queasy, quake-y quaver of a handheld camera.<br /><br />It's a monster movie, first and foremost, but it's done in true J.J. Abrams style, with a flippant attitude toward anything but the common sense and scalding fear of the characters who are holding the camera.  There may be some who might harp about how unlikely it is that a single man would videotape the systematic destruction of New York for seven straight hours while his life is on the line; in a world where every cell phone has a camera and most people are dying for their chance to be in the frame, where news reporters place themselves on the frontlines of major wars just to catch a scoop, where websites like Youtube fester with millions of snippets of people being everything from goofy to grotesque, I say the movie rings quite true.  Besides, I say again, it's a monster movie.<br /><br />Like no monster movie I can recall seeing, \\"Cloverfield\\" provides what they all wish they could: the fear of really and truly being there.  The panicked confusion.  The hasty shock and dust-soaked amazement.  Monster movies of yore have tried to scare us silly by giving us the horrific grand view of things, when few besides superheroes and dictators ever experience life with the grand scheme of things in mind.  We are individuals, with our precious loves and single lives, and when New York rumbles with fireballs and fear, what really scares us is the threat to us and our loved ones.<br /><br />\\"Cloverfield\\" sidesteps the grandiose issues of military might or radioactive origins.  It doesn't give us harried politicians wondering what's to be done.  It even pointedly avoids discussions of longterm, worldwide impacts.  \\"What is that?\\" one of the characters screams.  The cameraman, in one of the movie's best lines, dismisses the question by simply saying, \\"It's a terrible thing.\\"<br /><br />Terrible it is.  Let the movie hold your hand, and it will usher you into that powerfully personal wonder and horror that so many of us forget can still exist.  Viewing this movie, I got sick, I was disoriented, I squinted to see through the fuzzy frames and the agonizingly distorted camera work.  It was hard to watch.<br /><br />I would turn around and watch it again in a second.  And I'd probably love it just as much.ers screams.  The cameraman, in one of the movie's best lines, dismisses the question by simply saying, \\"It's a terrible thing.\\"    Terrible it is.  Let the movie hold your hand, and it will usher you into that powerfully personal wonder and horror that so many of us forget can still exist.  Viewing this movie, I got sick, I was disoriented, I squinted to see through the fuzzy frames and the agonizingly distorted camera work.  It was hard to watch.    I would turn around and watch it again in a second.  And I'd probably love it just as much.
B000RZIGUY|5.0|I saw a couple of times this movie in some theater in Veracruz Mexico and remain fascinated by its impressive quality that does it one of the better action movies of all times... someone said that this movie has heart and that guy was right.  I spend several years expecting to add this movie to my personal collection but I thought that the previous release in DVD was awful and I would have to wait until to see a new version in stores.  But there is a God... some people decided to do it justice to this incredible piece of action of the 90s and they released a new special edition that now is worth sincerely more than its price.<br /><br />Incredible movie, incredible sound, cool actors, nice adds... check it out!
B000QQFKYE|1.0|Just when it would get interesting it would cut off to some other nonsensical stuff.<br /><br />Enjoyed watching Laura Dern, just not sure this was the right vehicle for her.
1594489505|5.0|This second novel of Khaled Hosseini has been highly praised, and rightly so. Once again a moving personal story is tied up with recent tragic events of conflict in Afghanistan. Once again we see human and humane heroes contending with evil forces larger than themselves which do terrible destruction but do not deprive them of their basic humanity. Once again we have an inside view of humane people in an Islamic society who are persecuted by fanatical Taliban and other Islamists. This story of the suffering of two women who become the wives of a single brutish man who one of them is forced in defense of the other- to kill- also underlines this struggle within Islamic society as a whole - between the relatively open free humane side and the fanatical closed violent oppressive side.<br />Hosseini almost seems to make it a situation where the women are the human beings and the masculine element is the source of evil. But the redeeming character of Tariq and the story of his love with Laila provide a masculine hero the reader can admire and sympathize with.<br />Hosseini is an outstanding story-teller. He gives a clear sense of an exotic other world and his descriptions move the narrative along. This is an outstanding work.<br />I would also say Hosseini seems to be a remarkable and caring human being - as he is dedicating himself to helping the Afghani refugees who have suffered so much from the conflict.<br />I personally enjoyed 'The Kite Runner' more than this book but this is also an especially fine and highly readable work.
B000WGYMAQ|5.0|I am not much the musical soundtrack kinda guy but I have to tell you I was BLOWN AWAY at the Picture Quality & Sound (Blu-Ray). The songs are really catchy and they grow on you the more you listen/hear them! I highly recommend this movie, the story line is very today as well!
B000YIGNKE|5.0|Our family owns and has viewed each of the prior adaptations of Persuasion a number of times. It is my favorite Jane Austen novel. I love it.<br /><br />However for a 21st Century audience the prior adaptations are simply too slow paced, oblique, and period bound to fully hold their attention. Here Simon Burke (the screenplay adapter) has done a masterful job of speeding the pace and unraveling the understated underlying emotions motivations and thoughts of the main characters (Captain Wentworth and Anne Elliot in particular) without compromising the intent of the source novel.<br /><br />Even though I know the story intimately I was on pins and needles throughout. At times the suspense was nearly unbearable. As a result, this is now my favorite screen version of this classic novel.<br /><br />As to the imbalanced reviews of my fellow Jane Austen aficionados who ravaged this production simply because it fails to tightly adhere to the original manuscripts of our most beloved 19th Century Authoress - and to borrow from William Shatner's entreaty to similarly obsessed Star Trek fans - I  would simply say, \\"Get a life!\\"<br /><br />Frankly the elitist, exclusive attitude of those in the \\"purist\\" camp of Jane Austen fandom is wearing thin.  The works of other classic authors (Shakespeare, Dickens, the Brontë sisters, etc.) have been reinterpreted throughout the ages for stage and film to make the work more relevant to their contemporary audience so I'm puzzled as to why the fans of Austen felt that her work would somehow be exempted.  Further, now that the work of Miss Austen is riding a wave of media popularity bordering on \\"Rock Star\\" status such interpretations are  inevitable - expect to see a lot more of this folks!<br /><br />As for the rest of you dear readers I would merely add, get it and watch it - you'll love it. Then double your pleasure by reading the book too.
0307276902|3.0|I finally decided to read this long after the Oprah controversy died out.  Unless you've been under the proverbial rock there's no need to explain all that, except to mention that while it was originally published as nonfiction, we've since found out it is to some (if not most) extent fiction.  As some kind of compromise, my library reshelved it in the substance abuse section, but you can still see the sticker from when it was in the biography section.<br /><br />My take on the controversy is I never cared if he did lie or not.  The validity of opinions aren't whether they happen or not.  As a great fiction writer taught me, it's not whether the book is true as in it happened, so much as if it's true in spirit.  The problem then with Frey's fictitious biography is its increasing phoniness as he falls in love and becomes the Chosen One with the power of resisting addiction without the Twelve Steps or any of that AA noise.<br /><br />The story (how much is real or not depends on what Web sites you visit, I'm sure) is that after going on a monster bender in the wake of being dumped--and in the process badly mangling his face--his family gets him into a world-renowned treatment center.  His first days are especially brutal as he undergoes drug therapy and then has two root canals with no anesthetic.  (If you've have a root canal WITH anesthetic then you have to get the chills thinking about that.)  Frey never goes along with the AA program or Twelve Steps because he doesn't believe in God.  Instead he relies on the Chinese Tao, intestinal fortitude, and love with another patient named Lilly.  Since dating between patients is forbidden they have to see each other in The Clearing on the QT.  I doubt I'm spoiling anything by saying he survives the rehab and eventually gets out--how else could he have gone on Oprah 15 years later?<br /><br />I was really interested in the opening third or so of the book as he begins recovery and his body starts to heal.  For me things began to go downhill when Leonard the mobster (who is prominently featured in the even more preposterous-sounding sequel) convinces Frey to stay in treatment in a scene right out of Hollywood.  That Frey worked as a screenwriter makes sense with the mobster cliche and especially the cute hooker with a heart of gold cliche in Lilly.  Say what you want, but I didn't believe either of them existed, at least not in that way.<br /><br />The whole secret love affair struck me as especially false, the kind of thing a Hollywood screenwriter would put in to make the story more attractive to women.  By the time he rescues her from a crack house I was shaking my head with disbelief.  And when one of the treatment center workers tells him afterwards that \\"he shouldn't have been able to do that\\" I snorted with derision.  \\"What is he, Neo or Blade or Ghost Rider or something?\\" I was thinking to myself--not in those exact words, of course.  Then we have to suffer through the predictable farewells and the final scene in the bar.<br /><br />No one in this book, not even James Frey himself, seemed like a real person to me.  They all seemed like characters and that's where the book fails.  Whether it's fiction or nonfiction, a story like this has to have people who seem real or it doesn't work.  As for the overall message, in the end it seems as simple as \\"Just Say No,\\" which I'm sure most people battling some form of addiction seems too simplistic.<br /><br />I walk away from this disappointed not that Frey didn't tell the truth about what actually happened, but he didn't tell the truth in spirit.<br /><br />That is all.to go downhill when Leonard the mobster (who is prominently featured in the even more preposterous-sounding sequel) convinces Frey to stay in treatment in a scene right out of Hollywood.  That Frey worked as a screenwriter makes sense with the mobster cliche and especially the cute hooker with a heart of gold cliche in Lilly.  Say what you want, but I didn't believe either of them existed, at least not in that way.<br /><br />The whole secret love affair struck me as especially false, the kind of thing a Hollywood screenwriter would put in to make the story more attractive to women.  By the time he rescues her from a crack house I was shaking my head with disbelief.  And when one of the treatment center workers tells him afterwards that \\"he shouldn't have been able to do that\\" I snorted with derision.  \\"What is he, Neo or Blade or Ghost Rider or something?\\" I was thinking to myself--not in those exact words, of course.  Then we have to suffer through the predictable farewells and the final scene in the bar.<br /><br />No one in this book, not even James Frey himself, seemed like a real person to me.  They all seemed like characters and that's where the book fails.  Whether it's fiction or nonfiction, a story like this has to have people who seem real or it doesn't work.  As for the overall message, in the end it seems as simple as \\"Just Say No,\\" which I'm sure most people battling some form of addiction seems too simplistic.<br /><br />I walk away from this disappointed not that Frey didn't tell the truth about what actually happened, but he didn't tell the truth in spirit.<br /><br />That is all.
0765357151|4.0|Many readers have already written fine reviews of this riveting book.  While I enjoyed the novella, \\"I Am Legend,\\" and will only comment that it's look at the psychology around isolation was interesting, I was more impressed by some of the short stories in the second half of the book.  I was especially glad to read \\"Prey,\\" the story about the Zuni fetish/doll that was the basis of a filmed trilogy of stories starring Karen Black sometime in the 1970s.  \\"Mad House\\" was also an excellent short story that focused on an academic man's descent into madness.  These ten short stories could very well have served as the foundations for some fine \\"Twilight Zone\\" episodes with their spooky, bizarre and macabre twists.  While I can certainly recommend the entire book, I especially urge readers to take a closer look at the short stories.
0688101364|5.0|Wow!Wow! It´s excellent, with conversions, recommendations, nice pictures, etc., everyone should have one copy of it.
160024050X|5.0|This novel is another fine Baldacci book, it has a twist at the end, which I won't tell, but I wonder if it's the end of the \\"Camel Club\\"? Oliver Stone/John Carr and his merry band of cohorts have time, battling a casino king and and several government officials. They lose one of their own (you'll have to listen to/read it to find out which one). I have suggested that it might make a fine movie to Mr. Baldacci, along with the first two \\"Camel Club\\" books, the titled book from which the group gets its name, and The Collectors. The suspense is from the beginning to the end. Mr. Ron McLarty gives an intense reading; capturing the style and substance of Mr. Baldacci's words, a first rate book, and a little scary (making one wonder about some officials: let's hope there aren't any real life folks like his fictional Carter Gray). I have all of his books and they keep getting better.
0780021150|4.0|M being Fritz Lang's other classic apart from Metropolis. At times it was a bit unnerving to not have any soundtrack. There are times where there is dead silence. This was one of the first major movies to depict a child serial killer (we are not shown that he is a pedophile except that  he kills them). The serial killer is at large and the police department is unable to nab him and stop his spate of killings. The killer writes to the press taunting the police of his skill at eluding the cops. He warns of future killings. The movie is probably the first movie which tries to bring in forensics and cartographical analysis into mainstream films.The Police finds that the killer is too clever and never leaves clues. The police in the process of having a tighter vigil and look out for the killer disrupts the underworld business. These underworld criminals who run casinos and brothels are often raided by police in an attempt to nab the possible serial killer. The underworld being harrassed by the police and facing financial loses due to the disruption of their business and being the subject of tighter scrutiny of the police, take it upon themselves to capture and kill the serial killer. I just felt that the movie could have upped the dramatic impact a few notches highet if there had been a score to the film. Many parts of the film call for dramatic scoring which would have worked well. In any case it was a good film, but in this day and age, when we are subject to so many violent whodunnits,  we may find the movie a touch tame and simplistic. This is a German film with subtitles.    regards, Vikram
B0011NVC98|3.0|I am a Beowulf fan and very much wanted to like this movie, but it was an odd sort of disappointment. While the 3-D effects were good, and the makers did a good job uniting live action and animation, the movie still has a herky-jerky quality to it, with Beowulf, for example, doing a lot of weird and unnatural gymnastics in his fight with Grendel. And Grendel looked like a overboiled piece of sausage, not realistic or believable at all. Sort of like the monster in Alien Resurrection, with pieces seeming ready to fall off at a sneeze. No wonder Beowulf was able to twist off one of those rotting arms. And Grendel's mother---nice to look at, almost naked except for the covering of blue slime. Not believable either. And the liasons between Hrothgar/Beowulf and Grendel's mother were not in the story and should not have been put in the movie. That was a real travesty. The dragon was the best of the three monsters, but why did such a large beast have such a small heart? I give this movie 3 stars, but if I were less hung up on the Beowulf story I would have given it two stars. And if the eyes had been any deader I would have given a star less for that. Why make a movie like this one, with all sorts of special effects, but fail to get the eyes right?
0765318741|5.0|\\"I am Legend\\" really is a great novel.  However a comment about this particular edition.  Despite the cover with Will Smith on it, the book isn't just this novel but this novel and a collection of Matheson short stories.  Nothing wrong there, more bang for the buck.  But if you have never read \\"I am Legend\\" before, just note when it ends.  I didn't realize this book was a collection and so I took the ending of the novel to be the end of a chapter.  As I started reading what I thought was the subsequent chapter the story went off in a completely different and related direction.  I didn't figure out what was happening until a couple short stories later.  It would have been helpful had the edition mentioned any of this, but there isn't a word about the fact that this is a collection anywhere.
B00008MZ0N|4.0|I really like this movie.  I put it on when I don't feel like thinking and just want to be entertained.
055357342X|5.0|A Storm of Swords is filled with all the intricacies that made the first two novels so compelling: a well-crafted plot, deep and realistically flawed characters, unexpected twists, fluid writing style, and great imagery. The thing I like most about Martin is how he develops his characters -- you may start off liking one character and then at some point you may turn against him and then you may come back around to liking him again -- and I also love how he is willing to kill off anyone at any moment; no one is ever safe, which makes the storyline unpredictable, and it is this kind of decision making with characters that sets the series apart.<br /><br />My only complaint with A Storm of Swords is the fact that I felt Martin took too long to actually ramp the story up. There is a lot of build up in this novel, as in the second book A Clash of Kings, and it is my contention that Martin could have eliminated a lot of the description and even some of the chapters, and the storyline still would have remained intact. The ending of A Storm of Swords is fantastic, and it really propels you into book 4. By the last couple of hundred pages, the storyline really starts to accelerate, and everything becomes chaotic, and after you turn the last page, you are left breathless.
0060755598|5.0|This is THE source for a world class business. Just ask Tony Robbins and many others who have used this wonderful resource to make their business a true business. This will help you sort your thinking and actions of your company into a business from the hobby or monster it may be.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I purchased two sets of this series to give for Christmas gifts  ..everyone that watched it..loved it..gorgeous scenery..interesting  topics..definately keeps your attention. We'll watch it many times over. I recommend this series to anyone thinking of purchasing it. It's a series worth having in your video library. I hope you enjoy it as much as we did.
B000YPUF9W|2.0|Alright, we should never hope for too much from films based on video games but the first two films were atleast decent with an actual plot; escape the hive and then escape Raccoon City.  This film's plot really doesn't come into play until the last 20 minutes or so.  The first 1:10 minutes of this relatively short movie is simply divided up between watching Alice roam the desert, watching the band of survivors roam the desert and watching the evil scientist plot his experiments.    The special effects are good and it was cool to see Alice with her new abilities but after that, it wasn't much of a movie.  The big shock value of seeing the world destroyed by the virus and the hordes of zombies didn't cover up the lack of a plot.      Then, the movie just kind of ends with so many things unresolved.  Yes I know, they did that on purpose so they can make a forth film and continue to rake money on mediocre films.  If the film producers, writers and directors had any intregrity, they would have made this film atleast 2 hours long and wrapped up the story.  Instead, at the pace the series is going, we're in for several more films and it will become the next \\"Friday The 13th\\" series that never ever die...sadly.    The film only gets points for entertainment value...this isn't a movie you will want to buy because it's not worth watching again.  Get it through netflix or just wait for it when it comes on TV.
B00005KB9X|5.0|This was the first Bob Marley and the Wailers vinyl albums that I bought--and it remained one of my favorites.  Long ago, at the advice of an auctioneer, I threw away my album collection.  This is the first time in about 20 years that I have listened to this work, having just purchased a CD through Amazon.  Wow!  I recalled this as a very nice work, but I am delighted that it is as powerful as I remembered it from decades ago.<br /><br />This is the first work after the breakup of the original band, with Peter Tosh leaving.  And it remains strong today. I find it surprising that only one song off this CD made it onto the Wailers' greatest hits CD, \\"Legend.\\" Anyhow, my reaction to some of the songs on this CD. . . .<br /><br />\\"Lively up yourself\\": With Marley's work, the sound has a \\"laid back\\" kind of quality, but it is also hypnotic and powerful.  This features some nice guitar licks by then new guitarist Al Anderson.  A couple lines that provide a sense of the tone of the lyrics, so ably sung by Marley:<br /><br />\\"You're gonna lively up yourself and don't be no drag,<br />You lively up yourself 'cause reggae is another bag.\\"<br /><br />\\"Them belly full (but we hungry)\\": An evocative song with a social and political sensibility.  The I-Threes are the backing group, and they show well here.  The opening lines set the tone for this work:<br /><br />\\"Them belly full but we hungry.<br />A hungry mob is an angry mob.\\"<br /><br />\\"Talkin' Blues\\": The instrumental work is excellent; the percussion sets the beat nicely.  The I-Threes again create solid backing for Marley's vocals.<br /><br />\\"Cold ground was my bed last night<br />and rock was my pillow too. . . .<br />I been down on the rock so long<br />I seem to wear a permanent screw.\\"<br /><br />\\"Revolution\\":<br /><br />\\"Revelation, reveals the truth, Revelation.<br />It takes a revolution to make a solution.\\"<br /><br />With those lyrics, this cut begins (with the I-Threes filling in between the two lines above).  This is another overtly political song.  The drum and horns start this song off well.  Then, the words.  This is another example of how much Bob Marley was a master of the reggae genre.<br /><br />Marley's premature death is greatly to be regretted.  In the rather short time that he recorded his works, he created a body of work that is powerful and some of the best reggae around.  I'd recommend this work pretty strongly to those who like reggae.This is another example of how much Bob Marley was a master of the reggae genre.     Marley's premature death is greatly to be regretted.  In the rather short time that he recorded his works, he created a body of work that is powerful and some of the best reggae around.  I'd recommend this work pretty strongly to those who like reggae.
0060849827|5.0|I have to say this is a great book, probably the best survival manual I have read.     Many survial books will tell stories to help fill up the pages but this book is pure survival knowledge. If you want a book that goes straight to the point of survival then this is that book.     This book is small just put it in a ziploc bag and it makes a perfect manual to carry with you. It's small, light and filled with tons of information.
B00104W8T6|1.0|Every single song on this soundtrack sounds the same. It all just mashes together. I wanted so badly to like it but as a soundtrack, it fails.
B000PTYP84|5.0|Paramore has done a good job on this album, most of the time when I buy a CD it's just two or three songs that end up being good but with this CD I liked all the songs(minus maybe 2 of them).     If your into kind of into punk rock then then you will probably be happy with this purchase.
B000TLMWMY|5.0|The Jonny Cash TV Show is a fun DVD with some great music by Johnny and his TV guests.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|Of course I am giving this last season of Gilmore Girls a glowing report. The show is one of the best I have ever watched.  I am 33 years old and I still watch all of the re-runs on ABC Family.  I was saddened when it was announced that this season seven was to be the last season. I think the storyline could have progressed on and people would have watched.  But, regardless, it was an ingenious creation and television at its best. I have a five month old daughter that I can't wait to introduce Gilmore Girls to when she gets older.  I have the entire collection!
B000VDDDVO|5.0|I bought this 2-disk set for my mom as a Christmas present. She loved it. The picture and sound were great, and she loved having both B&W and color versions. Great buy.
B000P12LWY|5.0|After viewing the first three episodes of \\"The Tudors\\" first season on Showtime, I knew that this would be a \\"must have\\" for my DVD collection, and ordered it prior to the release date.  Upon arrival, I found, contrary to the packaging, which indicated that the second disc should contain episodes 4 through 7, did not, in fact, include episode 7.  Thinking that this was just a mistake in labeling, I examined the third disc and found that it begins with episode 8.  I wonder what, or who,  Henry the VIII was doing during episode 7.     Aside from the missing episode, I find this to be an excellent series, with a top notch cast and beautiful production values.  Jonathan Rhys Meyers' portrayal of Henry VIII breathes new life into an historical character that has previously been played as an obnoxious fat oaf.  Meyers is, without doubt, one of the current screen's most exciting young male leads.  He is supported in this endeavor by a generally excellent cast of Britis actors, who are. for the most part, little known to American audiences.    For audiences that have, in previous years, enjoyed \\"Anne of the Thousand Days\\", and \\"A Man for All Seasons\\", this different slant on both stories will be both refreshing and stimulating.  I highly recommend it.
B00005JPXY|5.0|There are many things being said about Cloverfield and most of them are good.  I don't want to retread many of the points other people have made, but because I saw this last night and absolutely loved it I'm probably going to cover some things that have already been said.  Suffice to say, Cloverfield, along with perhaps the South Korean monster movie gem [[ASIN:B000PKG8TW The Host]], is without a doubt the best monster movie to come a long in a very long time.  Were it not for the persistent \\"shaky\\" camera work criticisms it's getting, I would expect Cloverfield's reputation to enter the [[ASIN:B0008KLVG4 Jaws]] echelon in the coming years.  It had reached that degree of horror and suspense for me but time will tell.<br /><br />Cloverfield is intentionally framed in a very unique way.  The audience becomes aware that what they are watching is supposed to be real recovered footage taken on the film's main character's camera.  His name is Rob Hawkins and some of the earlier footage on the camera shows him with his girlfriend Beth.  The more recent footage shows a surprise going-away party in Manhattan that Rob's friends and his brother Jason threw for him after he got a promotion. He is ultimately relocating to Japan.  We find that Rob is no longer with his girlfriend at the time of the party, and just as Rob's friend Hud (the guy filming most of Cloverfield) and his brother talk him into patching things up with Beth, something goes very wrong in Manhattan.  What happens after we meet these people, and maybe even begin to care about them for 84 minutes, is where the horror begins. I'm not going to say anything else about the film, because it is entirely worth seeing without knowing anymore than I have already revealed.<br /><br />The comparison's to the [[ASIN:B00000K3U3 William Castle]]-like marketing gimmicks of [[ASIN:B00001QGUM The Blair Witch Project]] a decade ago are fair comparisons in many respects, but given that movie's long-term unpopularity I think it is important to step in and acknowledge that Cloverfield is far different in many ways as well.  I firmly believe it will have great longevity.  It uses this sort of [[ASIN:B000C4BBXY Cannibal Holocaust]]/Blair Witch Project style not as a way to market it to us as if it is real, but to merely place a monster movie in as realistic a frame as possible.  For that, it does work.  I don't think great acting was as necessary here for me because I wanted to believe it was real, so some of the acting that may have been bad was forgivable enough to forget.  Although, Lizzy Caplan who played one of the main characters Marlena was actually very good.  Call me a thrill-seeking cinephile searching hard for a scare, but I wanted to buy into Cloverfield and I was sold to it very quickly and very easily.  No reason to be cynical when all I came to see was a fun monster movie.  It is more than fair to say I got what I wanted.<br /><br />Many critics are also mentioning the parallels with the attacks on 9/11.  I think it was [[ASIN:0740771795 Ebert]] who said the film \\"evokes\\" 9/11 and that is right on point.  It does evoke feelings during those attacks and I'm not sure if Cloverfield would have been filmed the same way without it.  For many young American's the only similar large scale tragedy we have seen was thru the lense of a news camera on the day of those attacks, and Cloverfield uses that effectively to force us to empathize with a city under attack by a gargantuan monster.  In Cloverfield we get the news coverage, the exploding buildings, the frantic behavior in not knowing what is happening and what could happen next, the poisonous dust from collapsed buildings filling the streets, and perhaps most iconic of all was the destruction of another New York landmark, the Statue of Liberty, which is handled by this monster in the exact same way [[ASIN:0783241895 Conan the Barbarian]] handled Thulsa Doom.<br /><br />So there is more than one way to put this monster movie formula intoa convincing paradigm and the makers of Cloverfield are quite resourceful in doing so.  The film also somehow managed to tell a nice little story.  There was a lot happening in Cloverfield and certainly more than enough to keep you very entertained for an hour and a half.  It was a great cinematic experience and I offer my highest recommendation.he makers of Cloverfield are quite resourceful in doing so.  The film also somehow managed to tell a nice little story.  There was a lot happening in Cloverfield and certainly more than enough to keep you very entertained for an hour and a half.  It was a great cinematic experience and I offer my highest recommendation.
B000I5X81K|5.0|This album is superb. I have seen this man live. He barely opens his mouth and the most wonderful sounds in the world come out. The same is true for his CDs. I am very pleased.
B000VNMMR0|4.0|John McCain is once more brought to life by Bruce Willis and he does it so well. While John's invincibility is not always believable that is not why I watch. The action is there and so is the hero complete with his immortalized lines. Anyone who loves action films will love this one as will John McCain fans, which I must admit I have become. Any Die Hard movie can be watched again and again.
0823003035|5.0|I actually started out using the Bargue Drawing Course (invented in the 19th century) to learn classical drawing methods.  This book is the PERFECT addendum for anyone that is trying to understand how to draw accurately from life.  The Bargue Drawing Course is VERY light on technical tips (since it was intended for use in an atelier where a master could instruct the student on proper technique).    Most drawing classes today emphasize gestural drawing and 'quick' drawing.  These are very useful skills to have (no doubt!), but accuracy and good draftsmanship will never come from gestural and quick practice.  Someone seeking to be well rounded in the technical aspects of drawing can do no better than with this book. Before exposure to this book my drawing was 'topped'.. this gave me the tools to take my drawing to the next level.
0143038419|1.0|I can not understand what the hype is for this book.  I just could not get over how pathetic the author is, and how overly self absorbed she is.  I found it so difficult to relate to this person who suddenly decides one day she doesn't want to be married anymore (for no apparent reason than her own selfishness).  This was so disturbing to me...she had said a vow at some time, right?  I had trouble getting past the Italy section.  I could not put up with another minute of the author's descriptions of what a \\"victim\\" she is that I decided to drop the book all together when 6 people in my book club were not in love with the book or the author much more than me.
B00004S875|5.0|This is a great SACD.  I have not listened to it in stereo - only in surround, as that is why I got it.  Who knew that Billy Joel has some awesome acoustic guitar parts on this album?  I didn't, until I hear the SACD with the guitar in the left surround speaker.  I am hearing many things I never picked up on the regular stereo recording.  Albums like this are why SACD's exist.    Thumbs up!
B00000JXVK|4.0|I gave this 4 instead of 5 because I don't like it. I bought this for my husband and he loved it so I'll give it four since he is into this sort of thing.
0765350386|4.0|The first book in the Final Empire series, Sanderson introduces his readers to a fantastic dystopian fantasy world. A world where the premise of most epic fantasies has been turned on its head, the chosen one failed, evil prevailed. While the premise itself is interesting it's Sanderson's world and the characters that inhabit it that keep you reading. Everything just seems a little more real than the cardboard cut-out people and the tired old magic you've seen over and over in epic fantasies these days. Instead Sanderson offers us flawed characters with real motivations and gastronomic alchemy. Enjoyable.
B000Y7U98C|4.0|Danny Boyle's latest effort is flawed as many reviews have stated but one hell of an enjoyable, visual feast, tension filled ride. The plot and turns in the story are not what won this movie over for me. It was the amazing visuals on display and the constant tension the film invoked. It became a bit strange and confusing towards the end but at the same time I enjoyed that kind of horror aspect he brought in. The last part of the film is not cut and dry and may have you scratching your head, but if you're willing to just go with it and make your own assumption then you'll be just fine.    Side note on the DVD extras: Danny put two short films on the dvd as a means to get short films out to people. I for one think this is a fantastic idea. You get to see little known gems and it's included in a dvd you're already buying! There's two on here: Dad's Dead which is visually stunning and a horrifying, uncomfortable short. The other, Mole Hills, did nothing for me.
B000YIGNKE|3.0|I agree with several other reviewers who stated that, while the actors chosen for the roles did an excellent job and seemed to visually \\"fit\\" their characters, the screenplay was oversimplified and, in terms of the ending, totally changed. I found it hard to follow parts of the story, although I know it well, because what I felt to be key \\"links\\" and parts were left out or glossed over. I still feel that, of all the versions I have have seen, the 1995-1996 version with Amanda Root is far more of an accurate and honest adaptation. I would not buy this Masterpiece Theater version for my home video/DVD library, though I am a big fan of Masterpiece Theater in general.
B000059TEQ|4.0|This movie was very touching.... its a tearjerker for sure.... the movie \\" A  Walk to Remember\\" is a lot like \\"love story\\" but jenny isn't a saint.....
0440238153|3.0|The epic ending to the trilogy ends with a \\"well I'm kinda glad that's over.\\"  His Dark Materials trilogy gets pretty drawn out at this point with no real suprises or exciting moments that compare to that of The Golden Compass.  Throughout the course of the book, there is more and more passages that support the theory of evolution.  I love a fantasy novel where there is creative creatures that sparkle your imagination, but in this book the mulefa are described as creatures that have adapted to their environment through evolutionary change.  I might have enjoyed these creatures more if they weren't so darwinized.  Sometimes I think \\"Why don't we just leave religious themes out of fantasy novels, and just talk about a different universe?\\" That's what fantasy is all about anyway.  Well the book even goes along to describe how a character named Mary absolutely hated her life as a nun, which didn't seem like a huge support to the story.  That little bit was put in there for the heck of it.<br /><br />However, I did enjoy the novel at some times.  Dialogue from Will and Lyra was astounding.  I loved the idea of the Gallivespians.  And the return of Iorek was well welcomed.  This was the conclusion where everything came together and I was satisfied.  I just had to pretend that Pullman wasn't whispering darwin theories in my ear.  That is just my speculation.  It is possible that Pullman had no intention of promoting evolution through his novels, but in my opinion the evidence speaks for itelf.<br /><br />Bottom Line: It's a decent ending chapter to the saga, but it is not entirely without problems, because of the overemphasis on \\"How the world was made\\" theories.
B0000C3I6U|4.0|I don't recall if \\"Rocky I\\" came first, but \\"Pumping Iron\\" is anothe period piece which really connected with the public. With Rocky Marciano/Charles Atlas/Sly Stallone images in our head, we wondered if we too could join a gym and go a few rounds....<br />It's interesting to watch this low-key oddball with 2008 vision. Body-building was not really considered a competitive \\"sport\\" to be taken seriously and it had no firm infrastructure in the marketplace. The workout settings were pretty funky. Just like Rocky's.<br />I'm not sure if the Governor formerly known as the Bodybuilder had the most beneficial technique (against present day standards), but still it was all huffing and pufing and bumping and grinding with loose weights. What was \\"nautilus\\" then?<br />There are many poignant scenes with Lou Ferrigno and his Father, who apparently was included in the filming because he was lens-friendly and had a commanding presence, which fit right in, as it's been suggested that Lou was considered \\"learning disabled\\" by some, and so his family was around to remind people that he may not express himself at the level he thinks. But Schwarzenegger's visit to his family strikes me as somewhat condescending and manipulative - as if his mission was to psychologically dominate prior to a potential *physical* domination.<br />The big star (though of course Lou went on to fame on TV) was Arnold, who is a dominating presence, whose sense of humour and perceptiveness provides an interesting counterpoint to the corporeal setting.  There's also something arrogant about him, but a successful athlete shows his \\"game face\\" and uses it for leverage...and attention.<br />It is revealing when AS drops his poses and says at the end...I'm through folks. It was on to Washington (?). (By way of California and Massachusetts and California).<br />The extras are interesting for a while - apparently filmed around 2001 - but somehow they diminish the actual documentary. Reminds me of the Muhammad Ali \\"When We Were Kings\\" video I bought - the contemporary dialogue by those who were there in 1974 and those who weren't just puts the whole historic event in an overly ornate box.eo I bought - the contemporary dialogue by those who were there in 1974 and those who weren't just puts the whole historic event in an overly ornate box.
0393327345|4.0|I pulled my previous review after a friend asked me to read the book again. It did make a difference the second time through. I think a lot of the reviewers who posted here would have rated it as high as they did if they had not seen the movie (I haven't). They knew what to expect, and it is a strange story.<br /><br />Ignoring whether I liked the characters (or the story) and re-reviewing it based on Palahniuk's writing has caused me to rate it higher than before. I don't have to tell you about the plot - but he does write in a way that keeps the reader turning the pages.<br /><br />If you haven't seen the movie and are considering buying the book from these reviews and Amazon's description - know that you probably are not prepared for the experience. Read it to see a style of story and writer that you may not have been exposed to before.
B000WCTXSQ|3.0|A maniac stunt man is on the loose...<br />He kills beautiful women by crashing into them.<br />He meets  female stunt women<br />who bring him down.<br />Gore, sexy girls and hot cars :<br />it's like a formula for a teenage drive in movie?
0679731725|5.0|The words that commonly are used to describe this book are \\"sad\\" and \\"funny\\". It is very well written with interesting characters and a good story line. I actually cared what happened. Though not a long read, Ishiguro told what he wanted to tell without resorting to filler. This is a relaxing read that will draw you in without literary gimmicks, just telling a story.
B000A1GXTQ|5.0|This film lays out so many of the motifs that show up in one Hitchcock film after another that it is a &#34;Must see&#34; for all of his fans. It's all there; The blonde love interest, the innocent man drawn into intrique when a dead body falls into his lap, the suave criminal, the sexual overtones, the macabre humor.    Truly fine performances by Donat and Carroll make a somewhat dated film very watchable. Watching the seeds of such classics as North by Northwest and The Man Who Knew Too Much sprouting makes The 39 Steps fascinating viewing for any Hitchcock afficianado.
B000NDIAWY|5.0|Brandi Carlile is an excellent musician with a sound all of her own.  As young as she is, she has a long road ahead of her.  Both my wife and I listen to her music and just watched her on DirecTV last night in the concert series.  Brandi sings and performs like she has been doing so for years.  I can't wait to hear more from her.
0399230033|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite children's books to give.  It's great for a range of ages.  It is a wordless picture book- so parents and children have to create the story.  One-to-Two year olds learn by just naming the animals they see; older children can talk about the events.  A few reviews shared that there wasn't much of a plot- I think that these reviewers just weren't ready to take their job of reading to kids one step further, making reading an interactive activity.  There is a lot to talk about in this book!  Enjoy!
B000GDH9AA|1.0|Bootlegs, as other reviewers mentioned, are a way of life. This recording is one more reason to ban them altogether.   While this may be the only recorded document of this particular show, the audio quality is GOD AWFUL. And to add insult to injury, it's not even in stereo ! In previous reviews, the authors mention that the recording either originated from a video camera at  the show or a second generation VHS tape. And (at least with the recording that I purchased) it almost seems as if the original tape was bunched up in a ball and left that way to degrade before transferring to compact disc. Once I removed the shrink wrap, began reading the liner notes and noticed a total absence of production credits, I should have known that I was in for a severe disappointment.  I love Clapton's music as much as any of his fans and while this recording does document a period in E.C.'s career, it is  at least from a sonic standpoint even a completist's nightmare. I would strongly suggest to anyone who is considering purchasing this disc either from Amazon or from your neighborhood record store as I did, to at least check out the reviews here at Amazon (I didn't but had heard about the set MINUS all of the misgivings). Believe me, you'll be glad that you did.
B00092ZL80|5.0|I first saw this on the local PBS station. When I got the DVD at home and popped it in the player, I couldn't just sit down and watch it. I moved the coffee table out of the way and danced while watching  the entire 2 discs! Yeah it's that good!  This is easily an exercise dance-along video!  The sound is exhilaratingly crisp and tight  (especially on surround sound) and just so much fun to watch and sing along to as well.  Both bands sound better than ever and together are just magical and mesmerizing.  If you are feeling low and depressed, watch this DVD. It will instantly uplift you and change your energy.  That's what it does for me!!
B000002KB8|5.0|...and don't have this in your collection, very simply, you're not a true metal fan.  Turn in your CDs, cut your hair, sell your guitar(s) and change your genres.  Three days of what had to have been intense recording yielded one of the greatest metal albums of our time.  The initial recording of this had \\"only\\" 5 songs, but the record label split them up to make it seem like there were more songs on it.  In the U.S, we got Wicked World, seems like everywhere else, they got \\"Evil Woman\\" a cover song by a somewhat unknown called Crow, however, Sabbath did it a little heavier, with no horn section, and a lot more reliance on Geezers' amazing bass playing.  I shouldn't have to sell any metal fan on this, but if you want to hear the roots of heavy music, pick this up, heck, pick up the Black Box!  You will thank me.
B000BTGY1O|5.0|This film's a classic for good reason. Among the reasons: the charming Audrey Hepburn, the rest of the terrific cast (including \\"Cat\\"!) the rendition of \\"Moon River\\" by Hepburn.<br /><br />Need more reasons? How about: The New York scenery, the satisfying plot, the happy ending we all love to see.<br /><br />It's a perfect addition to any collection of classic films!
B000WTLDPU|3.0|The story line was that of fantasy, and the intertwined lines of the sons vying for the thrown added the necessary humor that made portions of the movie enjoyable rather than boring.    My one reason for the 3 rating rather than a 4 or 5 was the unneeded addition of the gay captain. It was almost as if Hollywood was trying to instill some agenda into the picture which I found pathetic and unnecessary. Especially on a film that Children would watch.
B000022TSH|4.0|Jake Gittes (Jack Nicholson) is a private investigator. He solves all sorts of marital issues by providing suspecting wives or husbands with photographic proof that their loves ones aren't so loyal. When a high falooting dame struts into his office asking him to follow her wealthy husband around, he thinks nothing of it but the big paycheck it will bring him. Soon, though, he finds himself investigating a murder and some deeply seeded corruption among the leaders of the community. Complete with femme fatal, the real wife of the deceased (Faye Dunaway), this story mirrors the film noir genre of the 1940s and 50s.<br /><br />The film starts out slowly but toward the end picks up rapidly for a startling and exciting finish. The use of 1930s decor is impressive; nothing seems to be used for the sake of art. Everything is seamlessly utilized by the actors so they appear to be living in the era, not merely participating in a costume film. Director Roman Polanski brings an exciting film movement into the modern era with use of violence and sex but none of it in excess. Viewers are not overwhelmed because no tactics are utilized without reason. Everything has its purpose; the deliberateness of the film makes it masterful.<br /><br />Some might be put off by certain elements of this movie, especially those who prefer the class of classic Hollywood. This film spares no one and shows that even the most admirable characters have their demons.
B00000DGRX|5.0|Good value with two mixes of all the songs recorded at Montreux.  I really appreciated disc 2 re-mixed by Roger Glover, more complete and exciting even than the original.  Well worth the extra bucks for this 25th anniversary edition.
1895565375|1.0|Sorry, folks, but there are better ways to tell your children that they are loved!! I could accept the little song, but even my boys thought that Mummy's climbing into her son's room at night with a ladder was WAY weird. I bet Freud would have a hay day with this one! I got a good chuckle just thinking about it. As for the book--we will never read it again at our house. Instead, I think I will just give my kids a big hug and kiss every night and say, \\"I love you\\" before I turn off the light and close their bedroom doors.
B0000262QW|4.0|A little softer than I expected, more pastoral, and very pleasant.  A superb preface to a new era of fusion at the time.  A great band with lots ahead of them, this recording shows a broad spectrum of their talents.
B000LC55F2|5.0|I saw The Prestige right after seeing The Illusionist. Something about the magic of illusion lends itself to the metaphor of film, and both movies played on the themes of things not being as they appear. The Prestige lingers still as the more haunting film that makes you think long after the final scene.<br /><br />Magicians Borden and Angier start a feud of one-upmanship, sabotaging each other's effects while trying to prove themselves the better showman. The film did a great job streamlining the plot from the novel from which The Prestige is adapted. The cinematography is beautifully evocative of a time of magic when the world was evolving toward the industrial age. Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, and Michael Caine pull off the nuances of character in what might tend to be a confusing plot of deceptions (I won't give anything away. The story is pure mastery of unexpected developments.<br /><br />The title, The Prestige,  becomes the theme of the movie, taking an expanded meaning from the book. But subtle metaphors also play into the rich tapestry of symbols that support the themes of how far one goes to create illusion.
0375714839|5.0|When I included this and Maus 1 & Maus 2 I was informed that they are not grpahic novels and that I could not have one free.  AMAZING!  Of course after I asked for the distric manager's name/numner there was a sudden change of heart BUT  NOT a good instore experience from BORDERS at ALL. The GRAPHIC NOVEL is great.  Borders are not.
B000ZIXGFS|5.0|Black Mountain exists in a swirl of heavy, grimy, vaguely psychedelic hard-rock, redolent of Black Sabbath and Led Zeppelin (with maybe a touch of the Velvet Underground and Pink Floyd).<br /><br />And the band is in fine shape in their sophomore album \\"In The Future\\" -- they introduce some new musical twists, while still keeping their signature sound. It's a powerful, intense collection of hard-rockers, but with a few softer songs sprinkled in to show their range.<br /><br />It opens with a grimy riff, a dark stomping bassline, and some smashing drums -- and for a minute, the appropriately-named \\"Stormy High\\" whips itself into a barely-restrained frenzy. When Stephen McBean's wailing vocals join the mix, the song straightens out into a solid, intense rocker that blasts its way down, reeking of classic rock concerts and apocalyptic fury.<br /><br />Having reeled you in, Black Mountain turns out the bluesy \\"Angels,\\" with McBean lamenting, \\"Come on, lay your head on down/angels, lay your arms around/every city's singing saddened songs....\\" And that quieter song is echoed in some of the others -- mournful folkiness, haunting fuzzy songs, or the ethereal closing lament \\"Night Walks.\\"<br /><br />But they haven't abandoned the harder music, thankfully. This is where their real power erupts out -- simmering hard-rock, gritty psychedelica wound with synth, stormy twisting electro-metal, and the penultimate song -- a seventeen-minute epic journey through explosive hard-rock, solemn organ instrumentals, and an earsplitting finale.<br /><br />Whoo. What a ride. It's been only three years since Black Mountain came out with their self-titled album and EP -- it was great music, but still raw and unformed. They've obviously done a lot of work in that time, because \\"In the Future\\" is a whole different beast -- they're more polished, focused and eclectic in their sounds.<br /><br />Like any good hard-rock album, it's got loads of twisting, undulating riffs and heavy basslines, fused into strong, muscular melodies -- also mix in smashing drums, tambourine, some somnolent organ, and acoustic guitar. And the band can switch styles in an instant -- for instance, \\"Tyrants\\" effortlessly flips between wistful Renaissancey ballads, and epic, powerful sweeps of hard-rock.<br /><br />Also take note: there's a lot more synth in this album than in their previous one. It's all very early 1970s -- colourful psychedelic ribbons wound through \\"Wucan,\\" plenty of harmonium, and strangled keyboard notes.<br /><br />McBean's voice hasn't changed, though -- he's still high and waily, and in the louder songs he sounds like he's leading an army (\\"The heart it waaaas/howling in the heavens... we will come together!\\"). He shares vocal time with Amber Webber, whose smooth wistful voice sounds at home whether she's dueting with him, or singing the softer songs by herself.<br /><br />\\"In the Future\\" is the natural evolution of Black Mountain -- a powerful, polished, intense retro-rock collection. This is one mountain that's worth scaling all the way.mashing drums, tambourine, some somnolent organ, and acoustic guitar. And the band can switch styles in an instant -- for instance, \\"Tyrants\\" effortlessly flips between wistful Renaissancey ballads, and epic, powerful sweeps of hard-rock.    Also take note: there's a lot more synth in this album than in their previous one. It's all very early 1970s -- colourful psychedelic ribbons wound through \\"Wucan,\\" plenty of harmonium, and strangled keyboard notes.    McBean's voice hasn't changed, though -- he's still high and waily, and in the louder songs he sounds like he's leading an army (\\"The heart it waaaas/howling in the heavens... we will come together!\\"). He shares vocal time with Amber Webber, whose smooth wistful voice sounds at home whether she's dueting with him, or singing the softer songs by herself.    \\"In the Future\\" is the natural evolution of Black Mountain -- a powerful, polished, intense retro-rock collection. This is one mountain that's worth scaling all the way.
0618918248|1.0|An excellent critique of the book is The Dawkins Delusion by Alister and Joanna McGrath. (published by InterVarsity Press). Michael Ruse says, \\" The God Delusion makes me embarrassed to be an atheist, and the McGraths show why.\\"  Owen Gingrich, the Harvard professor, says,\\" Richard Dawkins's utopian vision of a world without religion is here deftly punctured by the McGrath's informed discourse. His fellow Oxonian clearly demonstrates the gaps, inconsistencies, and surprising lack of depth in Dawkins's arguments.\\" Since there is not enough space to point out all the errors in Dawkins book, it is better to just point everyone to the McGrath's fair and evenhanded critique.
B0010VD7EO|4.0|I havn't been fascinated by a NYC band this much since Interpol's  2002 release, \\"Turn on the Bright Lights\\", which revived the dark sounds of 80's British punk icons Joy Division. Similarly, MGMT's influences are all on the surface, from the early synthpop of Ultravox (\\"Kids\\") to Oasis's jangly guitar tunes and laddish vocals (\\"Pieces of What\\"). I even heard some Kate Bush. You can lose yourself in tracing the genealogy of their references, but you can also wonder at the musical depth of the deceptive simplicity of their tunes. Someone on the web has written that their music is like Marvin Gaye on ecstacy, and that really hits the mark: I'm reminded of The Klaxon's \\"New Rave\\" style of an effortless, senseless helium high, a rush of memories and premonitions, best expressed in a line from the song, \\"Future Reflections\\": \\"It tastes like death but it looks like fun.\\" Is this a vision of the future? I don't know, but don't miss it, and turn the volume up, way up. If we don't know where this band is going, it's best to enjoy the Ride.
0375842381|5.0|Probably I would never have thought to read this wonderful trilogy of books if it hadn't been for all the narrow-minded people who were so upset about them.  Know what values I found?  Honor, perseverance, faithfulness, determination, and a constant striving to do what was right.  So, again, my sincere thanks to all the people who criticized the books and tried to make the public boycott the movie.  Think I'll buy it from Amazon, too.
0385484518|5.0|I have continously been inspired by \\"Tuesdays with Morrie\\" over the years.  You don't need to wait until death is imminent to read this book.  And with over 2,000 reviews already written about this book, why write one more?  Because it's worth writing one more.      I have referenced \\"Tuesdays with Morrie\\" over the years when challenged with life changing events.  Life changing events, rather good or bad, are often accompanied by stress.  Morrie's story really helps you stop in your tracks, absorb what's going on around you, and then re-act in a very peaceful and satisfying way.    I recently referenced this book again, to assist me with my dad's battle with pancreatic cancer.  I'm so happy to say that, dad had a lesson to teach me while dying also.  I would not have known to listen to the lesson, seek dad's guidance (even while terminal), if it hadn't been for Morrie's story.    Don't miss the opportunity to learn your lesson as well and how to share it with others. Take a moment to read a very easy read book, \\"Tuesdays with Morrie\\", and receive the benefits of a lesson today and everyday.
B000VWE5OY|5.0|Torchwood, great refreshing new show.  Got the dvd's the day it came out.  Unfortunately instead of a disc one, there were two disc threes.  Apparently, they're all like that, at least at the Best Buys.  A real bummer, because who knows when it will get corrected.
B000ICM5IK|3.0|The disc was OK, but content was not what I expected - was looking for the instrumental score for the movie Rocky Balboa, but the disc didn't have the songs I wanted. Files wouldn't play in my older CD player. Otherwise, it was OK.
B000A0GP0Y|5.0|The negative reviews of this movie are the people that loved the original \\"The Longest Yard\\", and I can understand that,...but that just takes away the fun of the movie. I personally thought the movie was great and funny. The characters are likeable, Adam Sandler isn't the best actor but he is pretty believeable in the movie. Burt Reynolds was the main character in the original movie, but reprises his role as the supporting cast along with an celebrity cast with Chris Rock, Steve Austin, Nelly, WIllaim Fitchner, D12 and more. I don't know why people are saying these characters aren't likeable, they are 100% likable and I bet you the people that said that don't like black people. The football action is top-notch and Nelly would make a great running back in the NFL. The Longest Yard was one of my favorite movies in  2005 and nothings change, IT IS A GREAT COMEDY/ACTION MOVIE.
3832791620|5.0|This one of the best books of photography I have. You can spent hours and hous seeing it and then, you would see it again.    Great shots, good compositions, marvellous technical elements...
B000TGCR38|2.0|After having read great amount of high praised reviews and comments about Paul Verhoeven's historic WWII Drama /Spy- thriller, \\"Black Book\\" which he made in Netherlands, I was exited to see it. I am a fan of Verhoeven's early films set in his native country. I've seen \\"Turkish Delight\\" (1973) and \\"The Fourth Man\\" (1983) and I found them both excellent. Joe Ezsterhaus who worked with Verhoeven said about him: \\"The guy is like his movies: brilliant, mercurial, very daring, perverse, a wonderful series of paradoxes and contradictions...\\" Both, \\"Turkish Delight\\", Verhoeven's variation of Hollywood \\"Love story\\" and \\"The Fourth Man\\" which reminds \\"Basic Instinct\\" but with much more class, style, and humor, match Esterhaus' description perfectly. As for \\"Black Book\\", it was a disappointment. Don't get me wrong, Verhoeven's attempt to make a film which takes place during the dark times in the Holland's and European history is watchable and entertaining. Beautifully filmed and moving along quite fast, \\"Black Book\\" is the story of a Dutch Jewish girl who tries to survive the war and the Nazi occupation in Holland. After the failed attempt of her family and dozens others Jews to escape on the boat to the liberated south which left her the sole survivor, she was able to join the Dutch Resistance, to infiltrate the regional Gestapo headquarters and to become the mistress of the Gestapo high rank officer, Ludwig M&uuml;ntze (Sebastian Koch of \\"The Lives of Others\\"). Verhoeven's gets a fine performance out of his young star. Carice van Houten, as Rachel/Ellis carries the movie mostly by herself. She is beautiful, talented, brave, and convincing in every scene. I personally don't mind the scenes of graphic sexuality and violence - anyone who is familiar with at least few of Paul Verhoeven's films, should be prepared for raw sensuality, aggressive movie-making, and more than one revolting scene. The problem of the movie, IMO, is that it tries too hard to combine many different stories and many genres but makes too many obvious and deliberate historical errors for the entertainment purposes and ends up as the unrealistic, exploitive, over-wrought melodrama with the poorly developed key characters (above mentioned Muntze, for example) and too many unbelievable thus ridiculous plot twists. If you are interested in not just entertaining but more serious and subtle films exploring Holocausts, I'd recommend Agnieszka Holland's \\"Europe, Europe\\" (1990), Joseph Losey's \\"Mr. Klein\\" (1976), and certainly, Roman Polanski's \\"The Pianist\\". If you want to see a film about disturbing relationship between a Nazi officer and a Jewish girl, two people who had met at the most horrifying circumstances but were not able to forget each other, see Liliana Cavani's controversial \\"The Night Porter\\" (1974) which is much classier than Verhoeven's movie.nd many genres but makes too many obvious and deliberate historical errors for the entertainment purposes and ends up as the unrealistic, exploitive, over-wrought melodrama with the poorly developed key characters (above mentioned Muntze, for example) and too many unbelievable thus ridiculous plot twists. If you are interested in not just entertaining but more serious and subtle films exploring Holocausts, I'd recommend Agnieszka Holland's \\"Europe, Europe\\" (1990), Joseph Losey's \\"Mr. Klein\\" (1976), and certainly, Roman Polanski's \\"The Pianist\\". If you want to see a film about disturbing relationship between a Nazi officer and a Jewish girl, two people who had met at the most horrifying circumstances but were not able to forget each other, see Liliana Cavani's controversial \\"The Night Porter\\" (1974) which is much classier than Verhoeven's movie.
B000W07EKW|5.0|I love the Jason Bourne trilogy. The bonus DVD had great information about the author of the 3 books, which I was unaware of, since I don't read spy novels. The price was RIGHT too.
B000YA82F6|3.0|Juno (Ellen Page) is a 16 year old girl who suddenly finds herself pregnant. She considers having an abortion but decides instead to give the baby up for adoption. She finds a seemingly \\"perfect\\" couple, Mark and Vanessa,  who want the baby and everything seems set. But Mark is an aspiring musician still obsessed with slasher films, alternative rock and Japanese comics. Spending time with Juno serves to remind him he really isn't ready for fatherhood. Instead he tells his \\"yuppie\\" wife Vanessa he no longer loves her and wants a divorce. Juno is disillusioned but still gives the baby to Vanessa. Juno also rekindles her relationship with Paulie (Mark Cera), the baby's father, and the movie ends on an optimistic note.    Some aspects of \\"Juno\\" I did like. It had a sweet, endearing quality to it aided by the excellent soundtrack and some good performances from Cera and Page. The movie effectively captured the confusion and ambivalence of youth and some of the difficulties faced by teens. I especially liked Paulie who remained sincere and thoughtful throughout. But I didn't feel quite the same connection with Juno. She was obviously a smart kid. But her continual glibness and sarcasm was overwhelming at times and I felt like some of her actions were not adequately explained. For example, she expresses no moral reservations about getting an abortion. But then leaves the abortion clinic because \\"it reminded me of a dental office\\". I don't think women, even an immature teen like Juno, make such major life decisions in such a flippant way. Also her relationship with Paulie lacked coherence. After she became preganant she seemed to want nothing to do with him. But then after the baby was born she decides she is in love after all. Once again this seemed unrealistic and not true to life. In addition, Juno's constant slang was a bit much. I know teens use a different lingo but I don't think most high school kids actually communicate like this.     The movie has enough winsome qualities that I can still offer a mild thumbs ups for those seeking a light but enjoyable movie. But my  expectations were especially high after hearing all the buzz over its numerous Academy Award nominations and in that sense it was a slight disappointment.
B000YB4G32|5.0|I haven't heard such a complex compilation of music in one album in forever! Everything from pop rock to melancholic to punk. This is an amazing CD but try it for yourself.
0385335989|3.0|the first set of books and then when I got to this one I was bored and didn't really want to finish.  Its like the air went out of the balloon.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|In Rainbows is an incredible musical statement.  It is accessible. The songs are not quirky at all.  'Videotape' is a great ending song.  The piano composition is so simple and beautiful.  And House of Cards describes the state of  our civilization far better than any current political pundit, anthropologist,  or scientist.  This album is one for the ages.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|It is unfortunate that Mr. Moore's political proclivities precede him since this may preclude many from perusing his latest ponderings.  Seriously though it must be said that this film addresses the very important notion of how we feel about ourselves as a people.  Should we expect our government to take an interest in our health?  After all, as Moore points out, we are committed to free basic education, and we do support (through taxation) a rather underused free library system.  The main argument I think comes down to who pays.  Those on the right are suspicious of a tax funded system they imagine to be plagued by bureaucratic inefficiencies that stifle research and the individual motivation towards excellence.  There are plenty of bureaucracy boondoggles that confirm this viewpoint.  Lefties on the other hand are right to point out that tax fears are ridiculous when juxtaposed with the possibility of an average emergency room visit resulting in the ruination of someone slipping through the cracks of slippery insurance company determinations of necessary care.  Anyone presented with a non-insurance funded hospital bill might find a health care tax a bit more palatable.  Ultimately, if we believe in democracy as such that it is we the people who suffer our government to act in our best interests, then we seem to have done a pretty poor job thus far.  Moore's film at its best suggests that greed is not conducive to an ideal or even acceptable solution.  Eventually we will all sicken, suffer, and die.  Do we want insurance execs to determine the worth of our lives?  As it is, our system does seem to reward profit over compassion.  We have to decide if this is what we want.  We must also question those who would scare us with tired warnings of socialism.  Who are their masters?  This DVD has a generous offering of extras.  I doubt the personal anecdotes are fabricated, but if any one of them are true it should provoke non-partisan concern if not outrage.
1400063515|5.0|Despite being the first book I read in 2008, I'm willing to bet that this may be the most interesting book I read all year.<br /><br />As summarized by the front flap of the dust jacket:  \\"A Black Swan is a highly improbable event with three characteristics: It is unpredictable; it carries a massive impact; and, after the fact, we concoct an explanation that makes it appear less random, and more predictable, than it was.\\"<br /><br />That last point that is most vicious. Human nature drives us to simplify, categorize, and explain, which in turn exposes us to further Black Swan events in the future. The book examines this flawed method of thinking through analysis of psychology, history, economics, mathematics, and other literary and scientific areas of study.<br /><br />Its point is made primarily through anecdotal evidence and narrative story telling, a technique that is almost is necessitated by the topic at hand. Anyone seeking hard science is likely to walk away disappointed and unconvinced. However, those very same people stand to gain the most from reading The Black Swan with an open mind.<br /><br />After driving home the central thesis of his book, Mr. Taleb offers a brief chapter of advice on how to operate in a world filled with uncertainty. The reading is not light, and can be challenging at times, but it is very rewarding and promotes a different, yet insightful, perspective.
B000UR9T8W|4.0|Realy a nice colection, i might have waited to get it less but, i bought this as an alternative to bluray disc as i had an HD DVD player and i believe the movie is good and enjoyable with kids and family
B00005JCAA|5.0|A 3 hour movie can seem daunting! NOT HERE! This film never loses touch or lapses.<br />MEET JOE BLACK is a positively wonderful and uniquely engaging look  at life and death.Bill Parrish (Anthony Hopkins) is a self made millionaire facing his 65th birthday and a possible buy-out/merger of his company that he has literally poured himself into,even at the expense of spending quality time with his grown daughters (Marcia Gay Harden and Claire Forlani).Susan,played expertly by Forlani,is the youngest daughter,bright,semi-engaged to her father's right-hand man (Jake Weber of MEDIUM),and a Doctor in her own right.Both Bill and Susan have their lives literally turned upside-down and right-side-up when Death,disguised in the body of a  love interest that Susan has met (Brad Pitt),enters and assumes complete control,as The Reaper always has done,over present circumstances.You see,Death has taken a holiday from his daily grind of grimly reaping,and wants to learn a little about life now,at any cost.Brad Pitt is outstanding as Joe Black aka Death,(I have never been a Pitt fan,BUT this is a \\"nailed\\" role!), as he learns to inhabit the body of the man he has \\"taken\\" and experience and savour the \\"pleasures of earthly life\\"...peanut butter,finding out that taxes are as sure as death,a touch,a smell...even sex!).Both Pitt and Hopkins are comedically in sync and the outcome is genuinely humourous as Joe Black seems intent on \\"hanging on to life.\\" The chemistry between Death and Susan is lovely,tender and engrossing.The looks of the eyes,the tentative touches and uncertain moves are perfection.Forlani and Pitt sizzle and convince. What these three characters learn is priceless and yes...I cried several times like a \\"girly-man\\" and enjoyed every last tear!<br />What is particularly impressive about this \\"tight\\" 3 hour film is the set design by Academy Award Winning designer Dante Ferretti (currently nominated for [[ASIN:B000TLTUL0 Sweeney Todd]] and his past achievements in great films such as [[ASIN:B00080ZG10 The Aviator (Two-Disc Special Edition)]], ,[[ASIN:B00005JKN9 Gangs of New York (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]], [[ASIN:B00003CX8S The Age of Innocence]],[[ASIN:B00004RFFS Interview with the Vampire]],[[ASIN:B000E6ESKS Titus]] and [[ASIN:6305090580 Kundun]]).In other words, MEET JOE BLACK is an opulent and eye-catching film to view with it's attention to detail and sense of largess!<br />Put my top 3 soundtrack writer into the mix of this Martin Brest directed gem,the venerable Thomas Newman [[ASIN:B00005Y1YA Six Feet Under]],[[ASIN:B0000029LN Oscar And Lucinda: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack]], and the clashing worlds of Life and Death are made cinematically complete with clarity,style and breadth.<br />Loosely based on the play/film [[ASIN:630522269X Death Takes a Holiday,(1934)] MEET JOE BLACK is IMO far more engaging and interesting than the old Frederic March film (1934)]].<br />This film grabbed me,performances,characters,soundtrack and cinematography and made me ponder Life and Death in a new and glorious way.This film rose to a TOP TEN BEST for me.It touched both the heart,the artist and the cynic in me.Today is a good day....CARPE DIEM,y'all!
0307387178|4.0|Having recently completed Jon Krakauer's arguably most famous book, \\"Into Thin Air,\\" about the Everest disaster, I was very eager to read more from this journalist-cum-book writer. I'm very glad to say that \\"Into the Wild\\" did not disappoint.<br /><br />Krakauer crafts a very interesting story, splicing together as much of his protagonist's final journey as possible, and he is remarkably detailed considering this boy, Chris McCandless, roamed about for more than a year and never stayed in one place for more than a month or two at a time.<br /><br />Of course, some details are left out simply because they could not be discovered, so the author makes up for that by inserting other similar adventures by like-minded young people to fill out the narrative. This makes the book less of a micro look at one person and his seemingly idiotic quest and more of a macro study of what drove McCandless and what drives all adventurous types to want to venture out into the wild.<br /><br />When I first heard the story of the boy who went out in the Alaskan wilderness wofeully unprepared and died out there, I honestly thought he deserved it for his stupidity. Krakauer, through the details of McCandless' life he pieces together, showed me the error in my thinking and made me believe that the urge to experience the \\"wild\\" can wreak havoc on even the most rational mind.<br /><br />The only part I found slightly bothersome was the language of finality Krakauer seems so enamored with. I cringed every time I saw a sentence like \\"That was the last mistake he would have a chance to make,\\" or \\"That was the last postcard he would send.\\" The story itself infuses enough emotion without these melodramatic sentences thrown in ever chapter.<br /><br />Still, that's a small concern when I consider the lasting impression the overall story left on me.
B000YABV90|5.0|I haven't been as touched by a movie since \\"On Golden Pond.\\"  Now my favorite!  Grab you hankie for this one.  I started with tears of sadness and ended with tears of joy.  What a shame that more people didn't enjoy this movie or know that it was this great.  Robin Williams was in his element!  All actors deserved awards!
0061122416|5.0|Wow.  My only regret is that I waited so long to buy it.  While it is simple as some of the other reviewers have mentioned... that's actually the best part.  Its simple but yet, it grabs you right away and will probably be a book that you should refer to throughout your life.  A short story with a lot of lessons on life.  Lessons that we may have already heard, but a great and entertaining way to remind you.
0525950079|3.0|I read Pillars of the Earth when it was first released, so I was eager to read this long-awaited sequel. As in the first book (which you don't have to read to enjoy this one, but it helps since there are several references to older characters), the period (mid-14th Century) is wonderfully evoked. The power of the church, mistrust of innovation, hopelessness of the serfs, squalid living conditions, senseless military adventure, and the horror of the plague years are captivating.    The problem is that the history is more captivating than the fiction.    These are essentially one-dimensional characters with constantly contrived new twists occurring at the most dramatic intervals. Just when things are going well or looking up for one of the heroes, a plot twist occurs to sink them again. Just when just retribution is about to occur for a villain, a plot twist resurrects their fate. Constantly. On every other page. It becomes ho-hum formulaic. Build them up through hard work, shoot them down through someone else's conniving or bad luck. When townspeople should be easily manipulated to move the plot along (\\"Yes, she's a witch!\\") they are, but when they have to antithetically show pluck and boldness to move the plot along (\\"Merthin is a better builder, let's take a chance and fly in the face of authority\\") they do!    Be warned, this goes on for 1,000 pages. In more ways than one, it's almost like living through the entire period. Beach reading when you're spending a week at the beach, but I found that as the same dynamics kept appearing I could predict the next plot turn with alarming accuracy. The history is great, the fiction is mediocre.
B00000JNNY|5.0|The music quality had been fixed up,(do'nt know the word) to sound really great!  I listened to the music when I was a teen, forty-five years ago.  It sounded better now, even though I truly thought it was the best & loved the songs then!
B00005JLYW|5.0|This movie is just fun; humor and impossible rescues, and the three stars having a great time and showing it.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I wasn't sure about the movie until I watched it.  It changed the way I looked at our country's medical insurrance MESS!  I think everyone should buy a copy and share it with their friends.
B000R7I3LY|5.0|I bought this CD after seeing her video on VH1 as one of their You Oughta Know Artists.  I was a little afraid that I would only like \\"Love Song,\\" but when I listened to it I LOVED it.  I find it hard to take it out of my cd player.  The melodies and her voice are addictive.  I am so glad that I bought it!  You have to get this CD!
B000Z0OX9O|1.0|I wish I had read the reviews of this awful product BEFORE i puchased it.  The other reviewers are correct that this DOES NOT have ALL the Vangelis music from Blade Runner.  A specific example is when Deckard is going up to J.F. Sebastian's apartment and has the confrontation with Pris.  At about 1:28:56 into the movie (The Director's Cut) and ends at about 1:31:40.  Ever since I had bought the original \\"soundtrack\\", I had been annoyed that this was left off.  I was excited when I saw this was coming out, because I wrongly assumed that with THREE CDs, all the music had to be on it.  It isn't.  DON'T BUY THIS!!!
B000UJ48O0|5.0|I'm an obsessed fan of this show ever since it came out in the summer of 2003 and of course i got this set for the great price of $119.99 here on Amazon. Shipping was fast, that was great considering it was also free and had no tax.  The set was very beautiful inside and love all the pictures. I do wish that they put more special features though cause they weren't that great. The DVDs inside were kinda scratched and coming out of the pockets when I got it out of the box when it shipped over but it was in alright condition. I didn't really care for the season 4 cause I didn't really like that season when I watched it on TV but it's cool to have the whole series and stuff.  Overall pretty cool and a definate must-have for all OC fans.
0143038419|5.0|I picked this book up and put it down many times but when I finally decided to buy it I could NOT put it down.  I enjoyed her style of writing.  This book was not what I expected at all but I thoroughly enjoyed it and will reread it.
0061251305|5.0|The authors demonstrate the power of language in business, and show readers how to leverage language to improve their tribes.  This is a must-know framework and intervention for everyone at all levels of a tribe.  Once I've been able to 'stage' people, I am able to manage them much more effectively, both my direct reports AND my bosses.  This book makes it clear to anyone how to take their tribe to the next level.
B000GTJT16|5.0|HD-DVD Sleepy Hollow<br /><br />Tim Burton is just about as good as they get in the movie business when it comes to creating an atmospheric world to inhabit specific characters. \\"Sleepy Hollow\\" is the perfect kind of movie for his directional Midas touch; it resembles the best of Burton in every way. In the film, an adaptation based on a story by Washington Irving called The Legend of Sleepy Hollow; he captures the slumbering, creepy village of Sleepy Hollow with vivid details and imaginative description. The way everything is presented, the trees look like something out of a fairy tale and the scenery represents deception in a mysterious wonderland, is what makes this production one of the year's most captivating and magical film experiences.<br /><br />The HD-DVD features are limit, but price of $14.99 for HD DVD quality is valuable and a must have to your HD DVD collection.
0618001905|5.0|A horrifying story, rivetingly told. Regrettably, much of my reading of history had been centered primarily on the history of Europe and of the U.S.<br />Hochschild's account of Belgium's exploitation of the Congo left me appalled. Despite the accounts of some truly savage atrocities, I ended up reading it in a couple of marathon sittings.<br />A disturbing book, but one so well-written, I highly recommend it.
B000OLGCI4|5.0|My purchase of this DVD was for replacement.  For animation lovers, this one is terrific:  vivid colors, attention to detail, well done.  Of course, the story is loosely based on Rudyard Kipling's work, but entrancing to all.  My children, both now in college, enjoyed this story while youngsters and still watch it every once in a while.  The story weaves together friendship, love, good vs. bad -- all life messages.  It is a good addition to animated movie collections.
B000KF8P52|5.0|My suggestion would be to listen to this entire CD a minimum of 8-10 times before attempting to form a firm opinion about it, as there is a lot going on here; there's plenty of depth and dimension that did not reveal itself immediately to the at-first casual listener, (namely myself).<br /><br />And it took me a while to get used to what began to seem like the underlying idea that Kylie was more (as if) the featured artist in a greater/group endeavor, rather than THE solo performer that the producers were building tracks for/around. I'd already thought the \\"old' Kylie was phenomenal, and so was having trouble fathoming what the shift meant exactly, and it was making me angry (how dare they!) - I was being sort of shaken to the core, if you can see what I mean. But after a couple of weeks hearing this over and over, this seemed to me in some ways even better than what came before.<br /><br />It's as if Stock-Aitken-Waterman 'decided' to make another great album, but this time freed themselves from the paradigm of building it solely around Kylie - it ended up with a much more collective or even tribal flavor, like this was some phenomenal variety show/musical, wherein she seemed more like the main lead singer/actress, part of the extended cast, rather than being a mere soloist. Herein, the back-up singers are more prominent on several tracks than on previous Kylie CD's; and Kylie BLENDS into that sort of thing more than before. There are times that her voice is layered with the earthier tones of the main back-up singer (like was done with Michelle and Cass of the Mamas and the Papas way back in the day, or like how a shimmering string section and an acoustic piano sound are layered together in a multi-timbral synthesizer/sampler). And there really are times you can't even tell if it's Kylie that's singing, layered or not. Once I got over being disturbed about this, it made my listening experience very interesting, and the overall sonic experience very fertile.<br /><br />As for the songs, there is a lot of variety - every track shines very well on its own - and the sequence of the tracks is phenomenal. (Once one gets accustomed to it, the thing stacks up very well next to what used to be called the concept album, especially given the fact that there are absolutely no filler tracks. I also like the idea of comparing it to a segment of the University of Michigan's School of Music, Theatre and Dance's annual Collage Concert in Hill Auditorium - all high quality, stunningly inspirational, emotionally engaging material, in a resonant acoustic space that shimmers like the Buddhist Nirvana.)<br /><br />Here are a few thoughts/notes regarding THE SONGS:<br /><br />1. \\"Word is Out\\": The influence of Stevie Wonder (writing and singing) is all over the verse section of this track. And the multiple recurring choruses will hook listeners until the end of time. There's great emotional color, and intense fervor all the way through. After I conquered the learning curve on this one - it became anthem-like! You can check out the video of this track on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD.<br /> 5++++ stars<br /><br />2. \\"Give Me Just a Little More Time\\": this might actually be better than the original, at least on certain days. The video is to die for (on the either the 'Greatest Hits 87-97', or `Ultimate Kylie' DVD's): they're in a club scene, sunlight streaming in the large windows - though it seemed to me like it had to be New Orleans, the club is actually somewhere in London. Everybody's dancing - it's dreamy, really.<br />5+++ stars<br /><br />3. \\"Too Much of a Good Thing\\": pays profuse homage, perhaps subconsciously, to the somewhat spare sound of [Soul II Soul featuring Caron Wheeler, here of course without Caron Wheeler]. Stock-Aitken-Waterman keep things more florid (as only they are capable of), but the punchy accents, the vocal phrasing, and rhythm all seem to owe lots to Jazzy B and his team. All in all, it's so unbelievably soulful, that I hardly notice that it's somewhat repetitious towards the end.<br />5++++ stars.<br /><br />4. \\"Finer Feelings\\": more Soul II Soul vamping, though it's subtler. Stock-Aitken-Waterman makes magic all over the place with this one - every detail of sound presents itself as if full of wonderment. It grows on you, then continues to grow on you, and then keeps growing on you some more. But upon reflection, that seems to be the nature of the entire album. You can check out the video of this track on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />5. \\"If You Were With Me Now\\": Is a terrific duet with Keith Washington: the singers' voices both soar - they are astounding here - things couldn't be any better! You can check out the cool video on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD - it's also very moving.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />6. \\"Let's Get To It\\": is an original-sounding, easy going dance track, with a great warm organ groove and punchy percussion accents. Kylie's lead vocal is a featured plus during the sparer mix of the melody of the verse section, which is obliquely-related to that of the chorus, dovetailing to perfection with that chorus's hook. I hope I don't seem too partisan with my effusive efflorescence when I say that this is one of those supremely fine good-vibe songs.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />7. \\"Right Here, Right Now\\": is immediately recognizable for the congas and (later on) the re-triggered vocal samples in its intro. The song displays a telling major-minor mode interplay throughout its melodic/harmonic texture, and emphasizes intense chorus work - that wonderful, magical old gospel influence is going to jump you and knock your boots off - folks, this one is way gone!<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />8. \\"Live and Learn\\": This has more very intense chorus work. Sixteenth-note groups in the verse melody and in the rhythm track (there and elsewhere) - and subsequent 16th-note based syncopations yield a relaxed, flowing funk rhythm that only somewhat belies the song's intensity. Iconographically speaking (if I may borrow from a visual arts term) the lyric and overall tone heads into similar territory as \\"Things Can Only Get Better\\" from the `Rhythm of Love' CD; and it's placed in a similar position in the sequence of tracks.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />9. \\"No World Without You\\": Is Kylie's intense and skillfully-sung solo ballad. The accompaniment is spare: clean guitar probably mixed with a warm clav, and what sounds like a stick bass on occasion - all triggered from a keyboard sampler (per the liner notes no `actual' instruments are used on this CD other than brass on a few numbers).<br />5++++ stars.<br /><br />10. \\"I Guess I Like It Like That\\": is a very long tribal-club-dance tune that totally funks it up. And does Kylie ever go wild when she leans and soars into those long, improvised melismas near the beginning of the track - you just gotta hear this!<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />We already know how almost unfailingly great Stock-Aitken-Waterman were as songwriters, arrangers, and style jockeys, and that their recording/mixing/mastering engineering team has vaulted into contention for being judged as one of the best ever on the planet!<br /><br />In answer to the criticisms that SAW copied various styles of American R&B [without actually stealing melodies, of course] - Waterman answered (in an interview/article viewable on the unofficial SAW website) that they in fact did it much better than the Americans, whose music he said sounds watered down by comparison. Though this may seem arrogant and presumptuous on his part, I had already come to this conclusion before having read his statement/interview. SAW not only wrote great music - they managed to get their singers/artists to perform better than usual, and, seemingly, better than everyone else around at the time.<br /><br />N.B. I haven't heard it stated anywhere that Kylie was angry at her producers, and that's why she changed labels. It may just have been she was ready for something different, to see what she could do outside the influence of the marveled machinations and ethos of SAW's 'Hit Factory'. One of the other reviewers stated that SAW spent 3 times as long in the studio for this record than their usual, which contradicts a couple of others' seemingly baseless assertions that it was a rush job. If those folks had taken more time to listen, it might have dawned on them how much painstaking and ultimately rewarding work went into the songs and the production of `Let's Get to It'. All this attention to detail, reminiscent of what was done with, for instance, the Mamas and the Papas' Dunhill sessions, and for Roy Orbison's greatest sides with Monument, certainly seems to have paid off for this, Kylie's swan song with the label.l tone heads into similar territory as \\"Things Can Only Get Better\\" from the `Rhythm of Love' CD; and it's placed in a similar position in the sequence of tracks.  5++++ stars    9. \\"No World Without You\\": Is Kylie's intense and skillfully-sung solo ballad. The accompaniment is spare: clean guitar probably mixed with a warm clav, and what sounds like a stick bass on occasion - all triggered from a keyboard sampler (per the liner notes no `actual' instruments are used on this CD other than brass on a few numbers).  5++++ stars.    10. \\"I Guess I Like It Like That\\": is a very long tribal-club-dance tune that totally funks it up. And does Kylie ever go wild when she leans and soars into those long, improvised melismas near the beginning of the track - you just gotta hear this!  5++++ stars    We already know how almost unfailingly great Stock-Aitken-Waterman were as songwriters, arrangers, and style jockeys, and that their recording/mixing/mastering engineering team has vaulted into contention for being judged as one of the best ever on the planet!     In answer to the criticisms that SAW copied various styles of American R&B [without actually stealing melodies, of course] - Waterman answered (in an interview/article viewable on the unofficial SAW website) that they in fact did it much better than the Americans, whose music he said sounds watered down by comparison. Though this may seem arrogant and presumptuous on his part, I had already come to this conclusion before having read his statement/interview. SAW not only wrote great music - they managed to get their singers/artists to perform better than usual, and, seemingly, better than everyone else around at the time.    N.B. I haven't heard it stated anywhere that Kylie was angry at her producers, and that's why she changed labels. It may just have been she was ready for something different, to see what she could do outside the influence of the marveled machinations and ethos of SAW's 'Hit Factory'. One of the otherreviewers stated that SAW spent 3 times as long in the studio for this record than their usual, which contradicts a couple of others' seemingly baseless assertions that it was a rush job. If those folks had taken more time to listen, it might have dawned on them how much painstaking and ultimately rewarding work went into the songs and the production of `Let's Get to It'. All this attention to detail, reminiscent of what was done with, for instance, the Mamas and the Papas' Dunhill sessions, and for Roy Orbison's greatest sides with Monument, certainly seems to have paid off for this, Kylie's swan song with the label.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|This film is based on the historical event of a small outnumbered military force from Sparta holding off a massive army fom Persia till the now allied Greek city-states could muster up a defense.  The 300's courage of death in the name of freedom is remembered for all time.  \\"We are Spartans\\" is a phrase as immortalized as \\"Remember the Alamo\\" in a similar battle here in Texas.  The animation is top notch in this movie and to the people who complain about the graininess of the picture it is this way in the theater--it is intentional.  It is the same way in other theater released films like Beowulf.  300 is intended for an audience that wants to see action and death(Rambo, Gladiator, etc.).This movie is pure action at its best.
B0000DES9U|5.0|My suggestion would be to listen to this entire CD a minimum of 8-10 times before attempting to form a firm opinion about it, as there is a lot going on here; there's plenty of depth and dimension that did not reveal itself immediately to the at-first casual listener, (namely myself).<br /><br />And it took me a while to get used to what began to seem like the underlying idea that Kylie was more (as if) the featured artist in a greater/group endeavor, rather than THE solo performer that the producers were building tracks for/around. I'd already thought the \\"old' Kylie was phenomenal, and so was having trouble fathoming what the shift meant exactly, and it was making me angry (how dare they!) - I was being sort of shaken to the core, if you can see what I mean. But after a couple of weeks hearing this over and over, this seemed to me in some ways even better than what came before.<br /><br />It's as if Stock-Aitken-Waterman 'decided' to make another great album, but this time freed themselves from the paradigm of building it solely around Kylie - it ended up with a much more collective or even tribal flavor, like this was some phenomenal variety show/musical, wherein she seemed more like the main lead singer/actress, part of the extended cast, rather than being a mere soloist. Herein, the back-up singers are more prominent on several tracks than on previous Kylie CD's; and Kylie BLENDS into that sort of thing more than before. There are times that her voice is layered with the earthier tones of the main back-up singer (like was done with Michelle and Cass of the Mamas and the Papas way back in the day, or like how a shimmering string section and an acoustic piano sound are layered together in a multi-timbral synthesizer/sampler). And there really are times you can't even tell if it's Kylie that's singing, layered or not. Once I got over being disturbed about this, it made my listening experience very interesting, and the overall sonic experience very fertile.<br /><br />As for the songs, there is a lot of variety - every track shines very well on its own - and the sequence of the tracks is phenomenal. (Once one gets accustomed to it, the thing stacks up very well next to what used to be called the concept album, especially given the fact that there are absolutely no filler tracks. I also like the idea of comparing it to a segment of the University of Michigan's School of Music, Theatre and Dance's annual Collage Concert in Hill Auditorium - all high quality, stunningly inspirational, emotionally engaging material, in a resonant acoustic space that shimmers like the Buddhist Nirvana.)<br /><br />Here are a few thoughts/notes regarding THE SONGS:<br /><br />1. \\"Word is Out\\": The influence of Stevie Wonder (writing and singing) is all over the verse section of this track. And the multiple recurring choruses will hook listeners until the end of time. There's great emotional color, and intense fervor all the way through. After I conquered the learning curve on this one - it became anthem-like! You can check out the video of this track on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD.<br /> 5++++ stars<br /><br />2. \\"Give Me Just a Little More Time\\": this might actually be better than the original, at least on certain days. The video is to die for (on the either the 'Greatest Hits 87-97', or `Ultimate Kylie' DVD's): they're in a club scene, sunlight streaming in the large windows - though it seemed to me like it had to be New Orleans, the club is actually somewhere in London. Everybody's dancing - it's dreamy, really.<br />5+++ stars<br /><br />3. \\"Too Much of a Good Thing\\": pays profuse homage, perhaps subconsciously, to the somewhat spare sound of [Soul II Soul featuring Caron Wheeler, here of course without Caron Wheeler]. Stock-Aitken-Waterman keep things more florid (as only they are capable of), but the punchy accents, the vocal phrasing, and rhythm all seem to owe lots to Jazzy B and his team. All in all, it's so unbelievably soulful, that I hardly notice that it's somewhat repetitious towards the end.<br />5++++ stars.<br /><br />4. \\"Finer Feelings\\": more Soul II Soul vamping, though it's subtler. Stock-Aitken-Waterman makes magic all over the place with this one - every detail of sound presents itself as if full of wonderment. It grows on you, then continues to grow on you, and then keeps growing on you some more. But upon reflection, that seems to be the nature of the entire album. You can check out the video of this track on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />5. \\"If You Were With Me Now\\": Is a terrific duet with Keith Washington: the singers' voices both soar - they are astounding here - things couldn't be any better! You can check out the cool video on Kylie's 'Greatest Hits 87-97' DVD - it's also very moving.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />6. \\"Let's Get To It\\": is an original-sounding, easy going dance track, with a great warm organ groove and punchy percussion accents. Kylie's lead vocal is a featured plus during the sparer mix of the melody of the verse section, which is obliquely-related to that of the chorus, dovetailing to perfection with that chorus's hook. I hope I don't seem too partisan with my effusive efflorescence when I say that this is one of those supremely fine good-vibe songs.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />7. \\"Right Here, Right Now\\": is immediately recognizable for the congas and (later on) the re-triggered vocal samples in its intro. The song displays a telling major-minor mode interplay throughout its melodic/harmonic texture, and emphasizes intense chorus work - that wonderful, magical old gospel influence is going to jump you and knock your boots off - folks, this one is way gone!<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />8. \\"Live and Learn\\": This has more very intense chorus work. Sixteenth-note groups in the verse melody and in the rhythm track (there and elsewhere) - and subsequent 16th-note based syncopations yield a relaxed, flowing funk rhythm that only somewhat belies the song's intensity. Iconographically speaking (if I may borrow from a visual arts term) the lyric and overall tone heads into similar territory as \\"Things Can Only Get Better\\" from the `Rhythm of Love' CD; and it's placed in a similar position in the sequence of tracks.<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />9. \\"No World Without You\\": Is Kylie's intense and skillfully-sung solo ballad. The accompaniment is spare: clean guitar probably mixed with a warm clav, and what sounds like a stick bass on occasion - all triggered from a keyboard sampler (per the liner notes no `actual' instruments are used on this CD other than brass on a few numbers).<br />5++++ stars.<br /><br />10. \\"I Guess I Like It Like That\\": is a very long tribal-club-dance tune that totally funks it up. And does Kylie ever go wild when she leans and soars into those long, improvised melismas near the beginning of the track - you just gotta hear this!<br />5++++ stars<br /><br />We already know how almost unfailingly great Stock-Aitken-Waterman were as songwriters, arrangers, and style jockeys, and that their recording/mixing/mastering engineering team has vaulted into contention for being judged as one of the best ever on the planet!<br /><br />In answer to the criticisms that SAW copied various styles of American R&B [without actually stealing melodies, of course] - Waterman answered (in an interview/article viewable on the unofficial SAW website) that they in fact did it much better than the Americans, whose music he said sounds watered down by comparison. Though this may seem arrogant and presumptuous on his part, I had already come to this conclusion before having read his statement/interview. SAW not only wrote great music - they managed to get their singers/artists to perform better than usual, and, seemingly, better than everyone else around at the time.<br /><br />N.B. I haven't heard it stated anywhere that Kylie was angry at her producers, and that's why she changed labels. It may just have been she was ready for something different, to see what she could do outside the influence of the marveled machinations and ethos of SAW's 'Hit Factory'. One of the other reviewers stated that SAW spent 3 times as long in the studio for this record than their usual, which contradicts a couple of other's seemingly baseless assertions that it was a rush job. If those folks had taken more time to listen, it might have dawned on them how much painstaking and ultimately rewarding work went into the songs and the production of `Let's Get to It'. All this attention to detail, reminiscent of what was done with, for instance, the Mamas and the Papas' Dunhill sessions, and for Roy Orbison's greatest sides with Monument, certainly seems to have paid off for this, Kylie's swan song with the label.l tone heads into similar territory as \\"Things Can Only Get Better\\" from the `Rhythm of Love' CD; and it's placed in a similar position in the sequence of tracks.  5++++ stars    9. \\"No World Without You\\": Is Kylie's intense and skillfully-sung solo ballad. The accompaniment is spare: clean guitar probably mixed with a warm clav, and what sounds like a stick bass on occasion - all triggered from a keyboard sampler (per the liner notes no `actual' instruments are used on this CD other than brass on a few numbers).  5++++ stars.    10. \\"I Guess I Like It Like That\\": is a very long tribal-club-dance tune that totally funks it up. And does Kylie ever go wild when she leans and soars into those long, improvised melismas near the beginning of the track - you just gotta hear this!  5++++ stars    We already know how almost unfailingly great Stock-Aitken-Waterman were as songwriters, arrangers, and style jockeys, and that their recording/mixing/mastering engineering team has vaulted into contention for being judged as one of the best ever on the planet!     In answer to the criticisms that SAW copied various styles of American R&B [without actually stealing melodies, of course] - Waterman answered (in an interview/article viewable on the unofficial SAW website) that they in fact did it much better than the Americans, whose music he said sounds watered down by comparison. Though this may seem arrogant and presumptuous on his part, I had already come to this conclusion before having read his statement/interview. SAW not only wrote great music - they managed to get their singers/artists to perform better than usual, and, seemingly, better than everyone else around at the time.    N.B. I haven't heard it stated anywhere that Kylie was angry at her producers, and that's why she changed labels. It may just have been she was ready for something different, to see what she could do outside the influence of the marveled machinations and ethos of SAW's 'Hit Factory'. One of the otherreviewers stated that SAW spent 3 times as long in the studio for this record than their usual, which contradicts a couple of other's seemingly baseless assertions that it was a rush job. If those folks had taken more time to listen, it might have dawned on them how much painstaking and ultimately rewarding work went into the songs and the production of `Let's Get to It'. All this attention to detail, reminiscent of what was done with, for instance, the Mamas and the Papas' Dunhill sessions, and for Roy Orbison's greatest sides with Monument, certainly seems to have paid off for this, Kylie's swan song with the label.
0895260131|4.0|There is no better book on Islam than this one. A very Non-PC book and a fair guide to what every sane Westerner must know about the religion of Islam in a non-PC fashion.
B000FC1192|5.0|this book was probably the most scary book i have read in a long time.
B000AARKW6|5.0|One of Al Pacino's and Sean Penn's best roles. Very well presented, compelling story. I will not spoil any of it but just know this movie is excellent. My friends didnt even believe me that it was Sean Penn playing the role of David Kleinfled, Carlito's caniving lawyer. Definitely worth the price to purchase, a must have for any movie buff.
0143034901|5.0|I loved the beginning, middle, and end. If you love books, the act of reading, and bookstores, you'll love this book. If Dickens wrote magical realism, it would be like this.
1400049628|3.0|I read this after World War Z, also by Max Brooks, although The Zombie Survival Guide was written first. Gets boring at times but humorously interesting to see that someone other than myself has made such concise and drawn out plans for if the dead were ever to rise and cannabalize the living.
0141439831|5.0|Thus sayeth Clifton Fadiman in his \\"Lifetime Reading Plan, 3rd Ed.\\" But he considers VF one of the best novels of the 19th century. Reading \\"Vanity Fair,\\" as long as it runs (800 pp. in this edition), is like floating down a slow river on a beautiful summer day, where you take in the scenery in all its rich texture, splendor and variation. Thackeray is a master of dialog, narrative flow, characterization (his insights into womens' characters is amazing) and plot timing. His satire of British (particularly English) Victorian social mores of the time is as biting as it is subtle. You can see and hear in the novel the inspiration for much of Henry James, Wilde, Waugh and Forrester. There are laugh out loud lines (English humor kind of sneaks up on you), and passages that are written so deftly as to take your breath away.<br /><br />You can read about the plot and the cast of characters in this \\"Novel Without a Hero\\" (as Thackeray dubbed it) in other reviews. If there is any flaw in the book, it is the somewhat two-dimensional aspect of most of the characters, Becky Sharp and William Dobbin being the exceptions. But much of Thackeray's intent was satire, which requires that characters be \\"of a type\\" to get the broader commentary or point across. Frankly, I found even the \\"flattest\\" of the most minor characters in VF entirely convincing and appropriate in their places in the story.<br /><br />I loved this book for its stylistic brilliance and masterful execution.  Dickens (Thackeray's more or less contemporary)was a great writer. In fact, VF reminded me in places of the hilarious The Pickwick Papers. But at times Dickens plods through a story - e.g., Bleak House. Dickens was a novelist; Thackery was a story-teller, an omniscient director of a theatrical \\"production\\" that is a both drama and comedy. From time to time Thackeray deliberately \\"intrudes\\" into the story to take you into the author's confidence with gentle and usually humorous asides and observations about the action or the characters. But this device enhances rather than detracts from the story.<br /><br />This particular edition has Professor(Oxford)John Carey's fine introduction (read it AFTER you've read the book or it will spoil the plot). Carey's extensive end notes  - where he explains many of the English colloquialisms and slang of the period and various historical and other literary allusions - are both valuable and entertaining.<br /><br />Vanity Fair is a great example of why we study the Humanities -- not only for what they tell us about ourselves but for the sheer delight of the experience. Invest the time and be enriched.characters. But this device enhances rather than detracts from the story.        This particular edition has Professor(Oxford)John Carey's fine introduction (read it AFTER you've read the book or it will spoil the plot). Carey's extensive end notes  - where he explains many of the English colloquialisms and slang of the period and various historical and other literary allusions - are both valuable and entertaining.     Vanity Fair is a great example of why we study the Humanities -- not only for what they tell us about ourselves but for the sheer delight of the experience. Invest the time and be enriched.
0307346609|5.0|I am completely obsessed with George A Romero films and the entire zombie-genre. Now dont think that is the only reason this is one of my favorite books I ever read. I didnt know about this book until my mother mentioned it to me because it was a best-seller. I read it and couldnt put the thing down. The writing and style of this book is very interesting and unique. Instead of just telling the story of a zombie plague, Max Brooks portrays this to be a factual documentation of a plague that almost brought humanity to extinction. Detail, detail, detail. Although movies made from books are never as good as the read, I am really looking forward to this movie expected to release in 2008.
0553381687|5.0|Having enjoyed the fantasy genre immensely during my teenage years, I finally returned to the genre when I just wanted something entertaining and, quite simply, good to read.  Having perused the Amazon forums, I eventually settled on George R.R. Martin's Fire and Ice series as a good place to mark my reentry into the genre.<br /><br />This, I'm afraid, was a mistake.  Oh...not because this novel is bad!  Quite the opposite!  It may have been a mistake because this series might just have spoiled me, as a reader, for all others.  Unlike the black/white, good/evil books of my youth, Martin weaves a story with two complete different shades: gray and grayer.  And I love it!  The intricate detail he provides, the depth of the characters, and the incredibly detailed (as I would find with later novels) plot all make for an amazing read.  My sole complaint against this book or, indeed, the series is that I had hoped for something to occupy me for months, rather than the two weeks or so that it took to breeze through the first three novels in this series.  As such, like many others, I'm now waiting on the release of the next book, with great anticipation!
0812550706|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. If you enjoyed it as well, I would highly recommend reading Enders Shadow[[ASIN:0765342405 Ender's Shadow (Ender, Book 5) (Ender's Shadow)]] as well, it is a great parallel to \\"Game\\".
055357342X|5.0|Having come this far in the series, needless to say I think it's excellent and, if you're thinking of picking this one up, you probably already know that this is not the typical good/evil fantasy approach, nor one so distant in its fantasy themes that it couldn't have been a part of real human history (with some obvious exceptions).<br /><br />That said, while I still rate it five stars, I am having some minor complaints by this point:<br /><br />First, Martin has killed off more characters than died in the American Civil War.  While I appreciate his willingness to do this to move the plot forward, I'm forced to start wondering if, when we reach the final novel in this series, there will be any of the original characters remaining to come out on top!  This isn't a major criticism, and generally I like what he's doing, but I do worry...<br /><br />Second, I agree with other reviewers who have said that the sexual themes in the series are a bit over the top.  I'm not against these on any matter of principle.  This is fantasy for adults, I'd say, and sex is a welcome part of that.  But to define characters as sexual (which to some extent makes them wholly human) to the extent that Martin does is probably not necessary.  I have no problem with it because it's \\"dirty.\\"  My main concern is that it's overused to the point that, when it's an important plot device, the readers will no longer recognize it as such because of its overuse.<br /><br />But these are minor criticisms of a series that has really spoiled me for all others.  I still rate it as excellent, and look forward to new installments!
B000UBMSB8|5.0|The movie is so great because it combines many layers:  (*) A philosophical discussion about what makes people human.  (*) An action movie  (*) A truly \\"hard-core\\" Science fiction creation - Ridley Scott creates a whole futuristic world, with incredible attention to detail. No shortcuts.  (*) A horror movie. Blade runner in genre is close to Dr.Frankenstein and other \\"we made a creature in our image, but flawed - because people are flawed, because playing God is arrogant and has nasty repercussions, ... - and now they are out to get us\\"  (*) Film Noir. Deckard is played brilliantly by Harrison Ford as a classic noir detective - Hard on the outside, but compassionate on the inside. With of course the iconic raincoat.  Rachael is mostly \\"lost soul\\" and not \\"Femme Fatale\\", but her look is totally Femme Fatale.      As Sci-Fi, Blade runner is very far from the \\"classic\\" Star Trek universe with it's bright optimism [unless you're an Ensign. The Ensigns tend to have a high mortality rate], and totally unrealistic Star-Trek semi-magic technology : faster than light travel, transporters, people getting injured in one episode - and magically appearing good as new by the next episode. The star-ship Enterprise takes a terrific beating - and returns in mint new condition for the next episode.   Blade runner on the other hand is much more realistic. Now this may seem illogical - after all there are flying cars and replicants who are androids with the ability to put their hands in frozen and in boiling water and incredibly strong.   However Ridley's world is grimy and used and frayed. A replicant or person once shot is injured - no \\"magic self healing\\".   The costumes are futuristic - but based on 40s styles and combinations of existing fabric.  So with all the futuristic and \\"non-real, Sci-Fi stuff\\"  - it's also \\"40s Noir\\" with the Sci-Fi added to make it visually fascinating but without detracting from the real-world feel.      The 4 disk edition contains Tons of excellent extras - like a comparison of the movie to the book Do Androids dream of Electric Sheep, how the \\"Look\\" of the movie was created, commentaries, etc.    And at long last we get the Theatrical version on DVD.
0553381695|5.0|After an amazing first novel, A Clash of Kings follows up in stellar fashion!  I love Martin's willingness to do anything to tell his story, including killing off characters that he's spent chapters developing.  In a gray world filled with political intrigue and the machinations of war, good things and bad happen to characters, whether we've been led to respect or like them, on one hand, or despise them, on the other.  As such, it's a story that is utterly realistic and completely irresistible and one in which I, personally, have no idea what the conclusion will eventually be.  But I'll tell you what...I sure cannot wait to find out.  Great book!  Great series!
B000TM1CL0|5.0|I watch this show's pilot episode, somewhat skeptical, but I love James Woods.  He is a great actor.  I was so intrigued by this show that I became addicted to it and watched it every week religiously.  That was until my work schedule changed.  I could not stay up to watch it because I would get up at 4 AM.  I was only about 4 shows in when this happened.  So I decided I needed to get the DVD Season 1. Glad I did.  It allowed me to see all the episodes I missed.  The way this show has been set up with dirty cops, Shark's shady background & dealings, the new prosecutors, and just the over all way the legal system is manipulated to put away the bad guys, makes it worthy of detective/lawyer shows.  There is so much going on that it keeps your interest and throws is twist and turns that one doesn't expect.  The cast of this season is full of a great bunch of actors.      Deputy District Attorney Sebastian Stark-James Woods - Chews Up the Scenery and has a great presence.    District Attorney/Deputy District Attorney Jessica Devlin-Jeri Ryan - I like tension between her and Stark.     Julie Stark-Danielle Panabaker - I think her story line is just some filler.  Sometimes I care other times I don't.  If she went away, I wouldn't miss her.    Deputy District Attorney Raina Troy-Sophina Brown - She is one of my favorites. Smart, sexy, resourceful, not afraid to step & take on confutations.      Deputy District Attorney Madeline Poe-Sarah Carter - She is real ball buster & is really taking to heart Stark's teachings.    District Attorney Investigator Isaac Wright-Henry Simmons (Guest appearance episode 2, regular episode 8 - present) Kind of a dirty cop but is a good bridge for Stark to work with LAPD.    Deputy District Attorney Casey Woodland-Samuel Page (Season 1)    Deputy District Attorney Martin Allende-Alexis Cruz (Episodes 1-11) - The episode when he gets killed gave me goose bumps.  I really liked this character.    This is a great series.  It will be one I can watch over and over again. Great series and one for the DVD collection.
B000O176Q6|5.0|This Blu-ray dvd is great. I have the regular dvd of this movie and other Bruce Lee movies and this movie is the best movie out of all of them in my opinion. what a difference when compare the regular dvd with blu-ray. A must have for all the Bruce Lee fans.
0060012234|5.0|Without a doubt one of the finest gay teen coming out stories written, The Geography Club features the likable and very believable gay teen Russell Middlebrook who develops a crush on jock Kevin who so happens to be gay as well.  The story deals with the difficult issues gay teens face trying to cope with their sexuality in the clique-ridden and hostile environment known as high school.  The strongest aspect of the story is Russell who speaks in a contemporary voice, full of humour, angst and insecurity.   Highly recommended for teenagers both gay and straight, as well as parents who want to better understand what their gay teen may be going through.
B0000630BT|5.0|My edited RYM review of Judas Priest's Painkiller     A definitive and absolute metal classic in my eyes. I do not believe that I have ever listened to another album that has had such blistering energy, and relentless intensity, while retaining some of the best melodies, best riffs, best vocals, and best drums in the genre. This is simply my favourite album of all time. In my mind, the guitar harmonies, the melodies, Halford's piercing screams, Scott's fierce drumming, and Ian's solid bass work, are what make other -- seemingly great metal albums -- look rather dull when compared to Painkiller. The atmosphere is haunting, the guitars shimmer, shine, scream, and swirl to form a really powerful sound. Rob Halford, the vocalist, holds one of the greatest ranges ever and it wouldn't be a stretch to say that he is the best vocalist in the history of metal music with his greatest perfromance all right here. His high pitched screaming makes it all come together perfectly for me and this is one of the main reasons this album is a classic. This is special...It is IMO the definition of PURE METAL, not death metal, not thrash metal, not black metal, not power metal...No... Just--METAL--this is it. Might as well be in the dictionary. Even if you don't like heavy metal you may like Painkiller because it is one of those records that transcends the genre itself, it is on a music higher musical plateau when compared to 99% of the works in the genre. It is the supreme metal standard, nothing else really comes close.
B0000DBJDM|3.0|Pink Floyd, in their early years (immediately after Syd Barrett's departure) were musicians of seriousness and integrity, if not always of the most flawless technique.  In later years -- after Roger Waters's departure -- the integrity and seriousness gave way to bloat and laziness in the 80s \\"Delicate Sound of Thunder\\" tour, and the subsequent \\"Pulse\\" tour.  The four-piece (three, actually, in Roger's absence) was expanded to an eleven-piece, with every instrumental part doubled, and supplemented with a saxophonist (who doubled on rhythm guitar) and a multicultural trio of female backup singers.      What makes this such a fascinating document is the fact that it is, for the most part, a rare look at (and listen to) the Floyd without all the \\"dressing\\".  They are even short-handed, as it were; Roger has to switch off to acoustic guitar, and Dave to harmonica, for \\"Seamus\\" (re-titled \\"Mademoiselle Nobs\\" for the guest performer here).  Rick Wright switches between Farfisa organ, grand piano, and Hammond organ, sometimes having a bit of a walk to do so (notice his activity at the beginning of \\"Echoes\\").      The aural result is fascinating -- it seems strange to think it, given the polish and veneer of their contemporaneous studio recordings, but this vintage Pink Floyd has a raw, almost \\"punky\\" sound live.  Of particular note in this regard is Waters's bass sound; quasi-distorted, plucked-close-to-the-bridge, nasty as hell.  Gilmour's guitar tone remains closest to the studio version, lush with reverb and delay, but still aggressive, nonetheless.  Gorgeous, and bell-like, for the verse solo on \\"Echoes\\", it turns nasal and shriek-y for the solo during the long funk-rock workout section.  Also of note is Rick Wright's Hammond playing -- he, too, goes for volume and intensity during this section of \\"Echoes\\".  At times, the guitar and organ sound merge into a great orgiastic dollop.      Nick Mason, of the four, is perhaps a little disappointing.  He is solid, but one feels that his drumming probably only matured and became smoother with further and later Floyd efforts (particularly for \\"Animals\\").  Here, he comes across as nervous and a bit choppy, relying on repetitive, uninteresting fills to cover for ineffective groove-playing.      As a side note, vis a vis the Pink Floyd \\"sound\\", Dave Gilmour has, in his most recent tours, reverted to a more stripped-down live presentation.  His last tour included Rick Wright (and Rick Wright only) on keyboard, himself doubling on sax and guitar, and a rhythm section.  Also, he has begun playing \\"Echoes\\" live again -- the song benefits from the reduction in forces.
B000B8IA2G|4.0|I'm not going to review the story. Others have done it and done it well.  I  do like the show even though I'm not familiar with Stargate SG-1.      The special features include a transport chamber (previews, set tour), audio commentaries, and a production design and photo gallery.  The audio is in english, spanish, and portuguese.  The subtitles are in english, spanish, portuguese, and french. All episodes are subtitled.      The picture is nice and clear. The dvds play fine on my old dvd player.
0316067598|5.0|A powerful story well written and action packed. From the intense training of BUD/s to the mission in Afganistan this story describes the mentality and intgrity behind America and almost certainly the world's finest warriors.
B000VYX8PE|5.0|if you would like an unfortunate, funny, and definently thrilling book this is the book for you. a great book for everyone. so pick up this book today.
B000002UJQ|3.0|There are multitudes who worship Radiohead and their gushing reviews can be found elsewhere on this site. These fans like to say if you don't like Radiohead, you don't \\"get\\" what they are trying to do musically.    Well, I kinda \\"get it,\\" but I still don't think everything Radiohead releases is golden.    Case in point: OK Computer.    Some of the songs are very good. Of course, Karma Police is a classic (the reason I bought the CD). Paranoid Android is also great, as is Electioneering. Airbag has its moments and No Surprises is a very nice, sweet song.    You can see I chose the more tradional type songs as my favorites, and the more experimental songs I won't comment on, because they were incomprehensible to me. Worst of the bunch is that spoken word piece voiced by a computer that is simply annoying. I listened to 20 seconds and fast forwarded.    When describing Radiohead, one could use many adjectives that start with \\"M\\" (morose, maudlin, mopey, melancholy) and \\"D\\" (depressing, dreary, dirge-like, dark, demanding). As a musical experiment, OK Computer is a partial sucess because there are some interesting songs here, but there are some others that are merely self-indulgent exercises in noise.    I personally like The Bends better than OK Computer, and I have even grown to like most of In Rainbows. If you like your music with recognizable melodies and rhythm, you will like about half of this CD. If you like your music to be adventuresome, non-traditional, bizarre and soporific, you might like the whole CD.    If this CD was available on iTunes, I would have only downloaded a few songs instead of buying the whole album. However, legions of Radiohead fans will surely disagree with me.
0780622553|4.0|I originally saw this Alex Proyas film when it came out about a decade ago and ended up buying the DVD a couple of years back.  This odd film noir/sci-fi flick got under my skin.  I was stuck up last night and watched it yet again.<br /><br />It's hard to talk too much about this film without giving important things away.  Rufus Sewell is excellent as John Murdoch, a man who regains consciousness having forgotten who he is in the middle of a terrible situation; his existential crisis is compounded by the fact that people are after him.  \\"Dark City\\" is dark, so very dark.  It's never day there?  Why is that?<br /><br />Meanwhile Jennifer Connelly blinks her way into the film as Anna/Emma.  Again, things just don't seem to fit.  But you can trust the filmmaker.  All will be revealed in time.<br /><br />Kiefer Sutherland's Dr. Schreber was a bit of a distraction for me.  The limping, wheezing dude with the syringe just wasn't hitting on all cylinders, but the portrayal was reasonably capable even if for me it wasn't superlative.<br /><br />For me, this film has great rewatch value.  The sets, colors, writhing landscapes (yes, \\"writhing\\") and well-crafted story all contribute to an unusual cinematic experience that has put \\"Dark City\\" into the quasi-cult status among sci-fi fans looking for something off the beaten path.
0525950079|5.0|Pillars of the Earth was and still is one of my fav. books. I use to dream of Jack.<br />In this book, the story just keep getting better Mr. Follett knows how to capture your attention. I mean gay Nuns, nuns with boyfriends, a lying pregant wench! and that's just some of the madness going on in the book. Don't even mention the priest who are havng sex with virgins, the plague, the wars....you read the rest, buy the book.
1881273377|5.0|This is the best book on marriage and relationships, I've ever read.  I believe it's a must read for every couple.
1400063515|1.0|I couldn't get past ALL the grammatical errors, a split infinitive on every second page it seems, and the sexist langauge, always using \\"he\\" as the generic reaslly put me off. Didn't this have an editor? I bought 2 copies, 1 for me and 1 for a present, and BOTH books have black splotches of ink all over the pages in at least 30% of the book! Not impressed at all. It was not an easy read - he bashes philosophers (I have no problem with that), but then seems to fall into the same philagonist tone as those philosophers with whom he takes exception! Facts were great, but an editor would have helped! Did not enjoy, most disappointing. The publisher's fault, poorly presented.
B000FC1192|5.0|this book was great  it was thrilling and page turning it is my all time favorite book i could read it over and over again i loved it and i am sure everyone who loves scary and great books will love it
B00000JRTX|2.0|Given the many accolades assigned to this film over the years (not the least of which are Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay Oscar Nominations), I was expecting a classic, top-tier romantic comedy on the order of When Harry Met Sally.  Unfortunately, Four Weddings and a Funeral fell well short of those lofty expectations.    The sad part is that the film does a great many things well.  The movie has many funny moments and the ensemble cast is mostly exceptional, especially amongst Charles' highly eclectic group of friends.  However, it suffers from one fatal flaw: the female lead is terrible.    Andie MacDowell's Carrie has all the charisma of a piece of upholstery (and a cheap one, at that).  A combination of a poor performance and a poorly fleshed out character arc combine to make her perhaps one of the least interesting cinematic romantic interests of all time.  There is very little chemistry between she and Hugh Grant, nor is any indication really given of what attracts Charles to her outside of the fact that she owns a nice hat and is a demon in the sack.  She has one good line after the first time she and Charles get busy, and that essentially ends her contribution to the film.    While entertaining in parts, the lack of an even adequate female lead (both a function of the actress and the script) kills this highly overrated film.    Also this particular iteration of the DVD is terrible.  It is a dual-layered disc, with the widescreen edition on one side and the fullscreen on the other.  However the \\"widescreen\\" edition is shown letterboxed... on my widescreen labtop it still displays at a 4:3 ratio with letterbox bars, unnecessarily shrinking the image.  Also, someone at the studio apparently thought it would be a good idea to have English and French audio options, but subtitles available only in Spanish.  If you are a fan of the film, you're probably better off going with the 2006 Deluxe Edition.
B00001ODGR|3.0|While this isn't bad and having Caught In The Act finally out on DVD as well with almost every promotional clip produced (but why no \\"Blue Collar Man\\"? Tommy Shaw?) is fantastic, the best Styx-related video has yet to be released in the States commercially - let alone on DVD - and that is the film documenting the band's 1982 Japanese tour. This was an extremely revealing look at how the band members interacted on and off stage. In particular, it features one of guitarist James 'JY' Young's best songs, \\"Half-Penny, Two-Penny\\" and how iconic front man Dennis DeYoung lost his trademark moustache; it may have also included the impressive PT introduction film shown as the band members exited the stage, as well as the familiar Paradise Theatre neon sign seen intermittently in Caught In The Act, not to mention that it DOES have much footage of John Panozzo. Of course, the Japanese subtitles would need to be removed if the master print no longer exists. All the same, it would be extremely gratifying if someone at Universal ultimately compiled a long-form documentary that incorporated footage from the Wooden Nickel and pre-Grand Illusion years, footage from the Pieces of Eight, Cornerstone (been waiting for someone to acknowledge a live performance of \\"Why Me\\", peaking at #26 in  early 1980 and one of my all-time favorite Styx songs, as very much worthy of video inclusion) and Edge of the Century tours (despite Tommy's absence; one of the best shows the band ever put on.....) even possibly some material from the Brave New World period.
B000Z0OX9O|3.0|An interesting collection of new and old material. It's great to finally have some of these tracks available at last, but this is still not the definitive soundtrack we've all been waiting for. Won't someone just give us the soundtrack of \\"Bladerunner\\" from beginning to end without the revisited songs and reinterpretations? Is that, after 25 years of waiting, asking too much?
1400032717|5.0|I kept seeing this book in every bookstore i went to. I kept picking it up and thinking that it would be a bad book. (Just goes to show that you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover!!!) I really enjoyed the book. It was a little confusing throughout, but a chapter or so later it made all sorts of sense. I can somewhat relate to the character, but not to his extreme. =) This was one of the first books in a long time that I didn't want to put down. I read it at work, at home. Everywhere that i could, I would read as much as I could. Excellent book! Everyone should read it!
B000WQ9UA8|5.0|I'm a 21 year old male who is a hip hop disciple. I fukcing love this album. it's everything pop should be. almost as good as timbaland's shock value. just as good as the best stuff from timberlake and furtado. don't buy it because other artists need your money more. but download it or bootleg it or something because it's a banger end to end.
B000003CKH|4.0|Containing the band's two best known songs, \\"Fashion Nugget\\" is the Cake album most likely to be in your CD wish list (short of an inevitable anthology). After the interesting [[ASIN:B00005ABIE Motorcade of Generosity]], the songwriting took a sharper turn here. The result was the novel hit \\"The Distance,\\" which is one of those songs that reminds me of the Butthole Surfers' \\"Cinnamon.\\" It's probably better than anything this band has a right to have ever created.<br /><br />After that, the deadly dry cover of \\"I Will Survive\\" is the kind of inside joke that actually has held its appeal in the 10 plus years since \\"Fashion Nugget\\" first hit the racks. The other cover, an English language rework of a Spanish hit \\"Perhaps Perhaps Perhaps,\\" makes excellent use of Cake's bare bones ethic with the soloing trumpet riding on top of the melody. The final song, \\"Sad Songs and Waltzes,\\" is probably the other really great piece of writing here...someone should beef up the arrangement and make a country weeper out of it.<br /><br />The rest of \\"Fashion Nugget\\" pretty much follows the formula. Jazzy skeletal playing with the trumpet filling in for lead guitars. In addition to \\"The Distance,\\" the obsession with race cars pops up twice more on \\"Race Car Ya Ya's\\" and \\"Stickshifts and Safety Belts.\\" If you dig Cake's kind of style, \\"Fashion Nugget\\" will be the slice that most satisfies.
B00000DGUG|5.0|One of my favorite CD's!<br /><br />Alanis, you never disappoint :)<br /><br />Andrea
0060594896|5.0|I just finished this book this morning. Absolute pure brilliance!!<br /><br />I read and thoroughly enjoy self help and personal development books and while this one seriously caught my eye, I did purchase and begin reading it with the preconceived idea that it would be an accumulation of `self help' laws reconstituted, as many of these books can sometimes be.<br /><br />But boy was I wrong, and boy am I sooooo glad I was wrong! This book is amazing; Canfield writes in a humble, down to earth, friend to friend like way and page after page is riveting, confronting and reinforcing all in a synergetic kind of way. I cannot highly recommend this book enough. It should be required reading at all schools.<br /><br />It has helped me to help myself in giving me the confidence to follow my heart and become a Life Coach, till now; I berated my desire to follow this career, but half way through this book, I stood up to myself. Ahead of me now, lies an even more exhilarating future to take hold of, which I may have otherwise delayed.<br /><br />There are 64 Success Principals, and I cannot wait to implement all of them, to which Canfield suggests during the journey of this read how to successfully do so.<br /><br />This book will require reading multiple times to fully grasp each and every word of gold, but who am I kidding, I'll use any excuse to read this until the pages fray and the book falls apart.<br /><br />Definitely the ideal read for those open to making positive change, those stuck in a rut, and those whose lives are good, but could so easily be great!<br /><br />If as I do, you follow the Law of Attraction, you will appreciate Canfield also does and refers to it during the book.<br /><br />Thank you Mister Jack Canfield! I love you're work, and can't wait to see you live at a seminar; so when did you say you're coming to Australia again?
B000P6YNSE|5.0|I'm not one to give away plots in reviews of books or movies or television programs.  I'll do my best not to mention specifics.    I'd heard grumblings about sesaon 2 of this show hitting a slump, which baffled me; it kept me fascinated and engaged the whole time.  Season 3 keep up the momentum.  In addition to strong plots (spine-tingling twists and turns, I kid you not; whose heart is not pumping in episode 6 when Jack screams \\"Run, Kate! Run!!\\" in the climax?), the characters are fleshed out in a real way.  Think of your own secrets in life, the things you've done of which you're not proud: the LOST characters backgrounds are explored and, for me at least, seem so real and human I can identify because of my own past regrets.  Whether you love, hate, or feel apathy for these characters, they are REAL.  This, of course, is largely to the strong talents of the actors (and much to do with the directors as well).  Stand-outs are Yunjin Kim, as she struggles with her cultural role as a Korean woman, yet an obviously strong person; Evangeline Lilly, whose beauty doesn't detract from her fierceness; Matthew Fox, whose goes deeper into character as a brilliant, clever man with a dark side; Terry O'Quinn, who finally won an Emmy (side note: I don't understand why more of the actors do not receive individual accolades for their work from these organizations that distribute awards), who constantly keeps us wondering if his intentions are good or bad - is he a hero or villain?; Michael Emerson, whose Ben is sheer creepiness as control freak; and ESPECIALLY Elizabeth Mitchell whose cool, bordering on cold, calmness hides depths of despair we can only guess at.  (I will add that I am looking forward to another strong actor's return to season 4: Harold Perrineau - his Michael was heartbreaking and lovable.)  When you buy these DVDs, plan to set aside free time on a weekend or holiday when you do not have to stop watching.  It's addicting.
0440418569|4.0|Book two gives us the second chapter of this storyline.  These books of course, have much more for the reader than the viewer of the movies will probably will ever give.  Dark fantasy that even a adult can enjoy, in the same vein as say Harry Potter.  Enjoy!
0765316978|5.0|The Last Colony (2007) is the third SF novel in the Old Man's War series, following [[ASIN:0765354063 The Ghost Brigades]].  In the previous volume, John Perry and Jane Sagan are discharged from the Colonial Defense Forces and gain custody of Zoe Boutin.  When they return to Phoenix, Jane takes Zoe to visit her family gravesite.  Although the names of both her parents and Zoe's own name are on the headstone, only her mother is actually buried in the grave.    In this novel, Perry is now a farmer on Huckleberry as well as the ombudsman for New Goa village.  His wife Jane is the local constable.  Zoe and her two Obin observers -- Hickory and Dickory -- live with them on the farm.      Somehow Perry has also become the person to whom everybody brings their problems.  When he comes back from lunch, his assistant -- Savitri Guntupalli -- informs him that the Chengelper brothers and a goat are waiting in his office.  If it wasn't for the Chengelper brothers, life would be rather tame in New Goa.    After taking care of the latest dispute between the brothers, Perry returns home to find that another visitor is waiting in the house.  This one has green skin.  CDF General Rybicki has dropped by while he is in the vicinity to offer Perry another job:  head of a new colony.    Roanoke will be a starter colony with only 2500 colonists.  Perry is not the first to be asked to head this colony, but everybody else declined.  Probably because the Conclave -- a union of 400 alien species -- has forbidden any new colonization except through their organization.  The Roanoke colony will clearly defy this edict.    In this story, Perry and his wife undergo some accelerated training to cover their deficiencies as colony managers.  Then they join the colony leaders in a sneak preview of the new world.  Later, the whole colony is loaded on the Magellan and transported to the new planet.  But the ship does not arrive at the proper location.     While the crew and passengers are trying to discover what went wrong, Lieutenant Stross contacts the ship.  Stross is a Gameran, a special forces adaptation of the CDF combat body that is capable of living in a space environment.  He has been riding on the ship's hull for ten days waiting for them to skip to Roanoke.  But the ship's computer has been hacked so that they go to a planet other than their target world.    The Colonial Union has deliberately sent them elsewhere than the declared colony planet.  They are ordered to hide all trace of modern civilization, including all radiating devices.  At least the new world has vegetation and animals compatible with human bodies.  They will need the extra food since the ship is not returning to base and the crew will have to live with the colonists.    This story tells more about the Conclave and the Colonial Union.  Perry learns much more from the Obin than had been previously available to him.  Then he has a video provided by the CU analyzed and learns more about the Conclave leader.  The CU is defying the Conclave and Roanoke is the helpless pawn in the middle of it all.    Highly recommended for Scalzi fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of settling new worlds, alien psychology, and political intrigue.    -Arthur W. Jordin
B000UJ24SC|5.0|Coming off 2005's exceptional, but disappointing-to-some \\"Miasma,\\" The Black Dahlia Murder have returned with the excellent \\"Nocturnal.\\" Of course, the band's basic sound is the same as it always was (it probably never will change too much). Thus, this album is chock full with all the usual goodies, namely two things: a) fast, catchy, grooving songs, and b) tighter-than-a-clenched-fist musicianship -- including excellent, blistering riffs, frenetic leads, nicely clean and restrained (though not-overly-technical) solos, impeccable, skull-splitting blast beats, and vocals that alternate between deep growls, guttural bellows, and nightmarish shrieks.<br /><br />But \\"Nocturnal\\" does have a few qualities that make it somewhat distinct from previous releases \\"Miasma\\" and \\"Unhallowed.\\" Some fans were turned off of the 2005 release because it sounded a little overproduced/polished, so the band made sure to make this effort very raw and primal. Secondly, The Black Dahlia Murder now possess a greater and more pronounced black metal influence than ever before (groups like Dissection and Cradle of Filth frequently come to mind). Next, this album is just a hair more melodic than usual because melodic riffs and leads abound to add contrast, depth, texture, and nuance to the arrangements, as do occasional bits of tremolo and sweep picking. Lastly, Trevor Strnad has decided to mix it up a little, too; both of his vocal styles are substantially more intelligible than usual, and his lyrics are now extremely evil and gory.<br /><br />Opener \\"Everything Went Black\\" sounds strangely similar to Chimaira's \\"Nothing Remains.\\" Guitarists' Brian Eschbach and John Kempainen's fiery, chugging riffs interlock with newbie drummer Shannon Lucas' incessantly pummeling backbeat to create a very thrashy, punishing, propulsive, and catchy number, and one that is sure to get your blood pumping and shred your speakers to smithereens. Track two, \\"What A Horrible Night To Have A Curse\\" is a very commanding follow-up, thanks to its huge, thunderous, bone-crunching riffs, staccato hooks, tastefully subtle melodic licks, and ridiculous, hyperspeed (and often mind-boggling) drumming. \\"Climactic Degradation\\" and closer \\"Warborn\\" follow-suit later on, though do without the aforementioned melodic licks (\\"Climactic Degradation\\" substitutes well-placed and executed tempo shifts and a superbly ripping solo in their place.)<br /><br />Elsewhere, \\"Virally Yours\\" is but one example of a song that proves Strnad must have industrial-strength vocal chords, as it is a particularly intense screamfest (he sounds like a possessed cat!), and also has some groove-oriented guitars, and more stellar, driving blast beats. The title cut and \\"Of Darkness Spawned\\" offer up more terrifically tasty, chunky, juicy, lumbering riffs that sound tailor-made for getting the whole crowd's heads banging at a show. The former tune is also of note for its 1349-esque black metal tremolo picking and vigorous double bass slamming; and the latter for its shocking, mosh pit-ready shout-along part of \\"the time to rise is upon us!\\"<br /><br />Finally, the record has three highpoints, including \\"I Worship Only What You Bleed,\\" which is a lightning-fast blitzkrieg (it ends before hitting the two-minute mark) that's tantamount to being beaten over the head with a sledgehammer. Next up, most of \\"Deathmask Divine\\" blazes by at rocketing speed with excellent, busy, nimble-fingered riffing, deft, thundering blasts, and an actually audible (!), humming bass line. But the song hits a brick wall when the band suddenly let their foot off the gas for restrained, even borderline harmonic choruses. Finally, \\"To a Breathless Oblivion\\" is a mini-epic that, in addition to an abnormally long running time (almost five minutes), boasts crunchy, meaty opening power chords, sweep guitar, melodic leads, pounding, jackhammering skins, two good solos (opposed to the usual one), and a totally unexpected soft guitar outro.<br /><br />So,yeah. The Black Dahlia Murder are most certainly back. And in a big way! \\"Nocturnal\\" is hands down TBDM's finest, and most realized, accomplished, epic, and meticulous effort to date. Granted, it is up for debate if it will change the minds of anybody who isn't already a fan. But all serious extreme metal fans would be hard-pressed not to find this to be one immensely brutal, intense, in-your-face, memorable, impressive, and thoroughly remarkable slab of (blackened) melodeath from one of the genre's best and most talented and popular groups to come down the pike in the last decade.certainly back. And in a big way! \\"Nocturnal\\" is hands down TBDM's finest, and most realized, accomplished, epic, and meticulous effort to date. Granted, it is up for debate if it will change the minds of anybody who isn't already a fan. But all serious extreme metal fans would be hard-pressed not to find this to be one immensely brutal, intense, in-your-face, memorable, impressive, and thoroughly remarkable slab of (blackened) melodeath from one of the genre's best and most talented and popular groups to come down the pike in the last decade.
B000MV9026|5.0|\\"Happy Feet\\" is a feel good animated movie musical about an Emperor penguin who can't sing at all unlike the rest of his colony. He's an outcast who is a terrific tap dancer. Having seen Savion Glover perform his tap dancing feats on the stage, I knew he was the one whose idiosyncratic dancing style was used as the model for Mumble, the dancing penguin.<br /> People should see this movie in tandem with \\"March of the Penguins,\\" the documentary about real penguins, so they can see how carefully the makers of this movie were in portraying accurately the behavioral traits of penguins. Real people appear in later scenes of the movie because human beings are endangering the penguin population by overfishing in the Antarctica and elsewhere. Mumble, of course, has to stop them from this anti-penguin activity.<br /> Mumble is the proverbial outsider, the loner who can't do what his brethren can do. After being ostracized from his own colony he joins five Adelie penguins and one Rockhopper penguin who happens to have the voice of Robin Williams. The swimming sequences and the run-in's with predators add excitement to the film. Thousands of computerized, animated penguins are shown in singing or dance segments. Few viewers are going to be bored by this film that won an Academy Award in 2007 for best animated feature. It's entertaining, fun, not overly long, and a hoot.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|I went to Las Vegas several years ago with Celine Dion tickets in hand!  I was so excited to have planned my vacation around this concert.  The night of the concert we got all dressed up and proceeded over to the Caesars Palace Colorsseum.  I wondered why no lines as we approach the concert entrance?  The man at the door informed us the concert was cancelled as Ms Dion had a stomach bug!  I couldn't believe she called in sick on THAT night!  I was crushed.<br />I bought the DVD and have enjoyed it many times.  I finally got to see what I missed *&lt;:)
B000NQPZCO|5.0|This movie is definitely one of the best. We've followed Al Pacino as \\"The Godfather\\", \\"Scarface\\" and now in \\"Donnie Brasco\\". Full circle of characters from the very top to the very bottom. This is probably one of the most realistic \\"mob movies\\" ever. This Blu-ray edition is the best ever with some extended scenes and unmatched clarity. Well worth it for your collection.   Fuggettaboutit !
B000XA5K48|2.0|I love a good action flick as much as the next guy and was looking forward to watching this movie, but I also like a movie with some realism. Realism is exactly what this movie didn't have. Where do I start?? People being killed with carrots, more unbeleivable stunts than I can count, hundreds upon hundreds of rounds being shot at one man and he doesn't get hit once...even while delivering a baby in an open warehouse??? And let's not forget him making a mechanical baby! I was very dissappointed in this movie. I was all psyched up for this movie then found myself fast forwarding through it after the first 15 minutes!
B000ICL3KG|3.0|Accepting the conventional wisdom on climate change requires that one follow a strict chain of logic.  A break at any point in the chain negates the final conclusion.<br /><br />1.  The earth's average temperature is rising.<br />2.  The correlation between atmospheric carbon dioxide levels, and the rise in temperature, is causative.<br />3.  Carbon dioxide levels are rising as a result of human industrial activity.<br />4.  Therefore, by altering human activity to lessen the production of carbon dioxide, global warming may be  mitigated.<br /><br />I have left out other assumptions, such as the potential effects of rising temperature.  These are the arguments against these points:<br /><br />1.  The average rise in temperature is so slight as to be meaningless; data on average temperature in the past is within the margin of error.  The apparent rise may be a function of more precise, and more widespread, recent observation.<br />2.  The apparent correlation between atmospheric carbon dioxide levels and the rise in temperature is coincidental, or the result of a third factor.<br />3.  Carbon dioxide levels have risen in the past, before humans existed.<br />4.  Industrial activity, including the use of fire, would have to cease completely in order to have a meaningful effect on global warming.  Since water vapor is the primary greenhouse gas, even ending carbon dioxide production completely would have no effect.<br /><br />Any one of these objections, if valid, demolishes the global warming model.  Another issue concerns our responsibility for climate change.  As a living organism, humans are bound to affect the environment by their activity.  The belief that we are obligated to minimize our negative impact probably arises from the Biblical passage naming Man as the \\"steward of the earth.\\"  This belief is now ingrained into our culture, and is shared by many atheists as well as religious persons.  But it is a cultural assumption, not a law of nature.  The purely practical argument is that humanity has the power to consciously alter its behavior to maximize the potential for long-term survival over short-term comfort.<br /><br />My concern is that the topic of global warming has become simply another polarizing argument, with liberals demanding \\"action\\" and conservatives dismissing it as nonsense.  Legitimate scientific inquiry is rarely discussed, as any conclusion is automatically assumed to be biased in favor of one side or the other.  Instead, the Democrats are paying lip service to the idea while the Republicans complain about more restrictions on business.  Regardless of whether or not human activity is causing climate change, if it is indeed happening, the best course of action would be to prepare for its effects, rather than arguing about the motivations of each side in the debate.onsciously alter its behavior to maximize the potential for long-term survival over short-term comfort.    My concern is that the topic of global warming has become simply another polarizing argument, with liberals demanding \\"action\\" and conservatives dismissing it as nonsense.  Legitimate scientific inquiry is rarely discussed, as any conclusion is automatically assumed to be biased in favor of one side or the other.  Instead, the Democrats are paying lip service to the idea while the Republicans complain about more restrictions on business.  Regardless of whether or not human activity is causing climate change, if it is indeed happening, the best course of action would be to prepare for its effects, rather than arguing about the motivations of each side in the debate.
B000PA9Q6E|2.0|You thought this was a Muddy Waters CD? Not so, majority of the vocals here are Winter and Cotton, with Muddy Waters singing some or part of only 5 songs on this 11 song disc. Unless you want to hear James Cotton imitate a young man singing like a girl, pass this up and head for the real deal that this tour sprung from, the excellent Muddy Waters \\"Hard Again\\" disc. Even \\"Got My Mojo Workin'\\" begins with Johnny Winter singing vocals on the song Muddy Waters made into a classic.
B000NQPZCY|3.0|Michael Cochran (Kevin Costner) retires as a naval pilot and visits his Mexican mob boss friend Tibby (Anthony Quinn).  After violating rule 1 of the guy code and sleeping with his friend's wife Mireya (Madeleine Stowe), he gets caught and is severely beaten, with the mob boss' wife forced into a life of prostitution and drugs.    This is where the 'revenge' begins: Michael sets out to look for the men that almost beat him to death and for Mireya.  It is difficult to really sympathize for him when you consider that he acted without any integrity by having an affair with his friend's wife, and that he was stupid enough to do so with the wife of a mob boss.  There are much better justifications for revenge in movies like The Fugitive, Lethal Weapon 2 or Kill Bill.    On the positive side, this Blu-Ray version does feature a shorter version of the movie which flows well, and the high definition Mexican scenery at times is spectacular.  Plus I don't think I have ever seen Madeleine Stowe look better, and it is always a treat to see Anthony Quinn in action.  The ending is also not what one might expect, which makes it a nice contrast to some of the typical and predictable Hollywood endings.
B00008DDXL|5.0|If you or someone you know is a Harry Potter fan - this is a no brainer.  Its a great movie, awesome book - you cannot go wrong.
B00004XQ8H|5.0|Regardless of the mixed metaphor in the above title, it needs to be said: Lisa Della Casa's interpretation of the \\"Four Last Songs\\" has yet to be equaled, let alone surpassed. I became acquainted with her Strauss in high school through a Richmond lp (Decca/London's bargain label before London's STS), which btw, was also my introduction to Strauss's vocal and operatic music. Since that seminal experience, I've acquired many versions of the \\"Songs,\\" among them, Flagstad and Furtwangler, Schwarzkoff with both Ackermann and her very special one with Szell, the great Janowitz and Karajan, the Norman and the Masur and my current rave, Fleming with Eschenbach. It's still Della Casa's benchmark performance by which the others can be judged. Her collaboration with Karl Bohm was born through both of them knowing Strauss (who died in 1949)and his desires for the performance of his music.       Also included are the operatic excerpts, which are notable for the deep affinity that Della Casa had with the demanding Straussian roles. As Gerd Uekermann points out in his excellent notes, Della Casa's \\"name became synonymous with Arabella. . .\\" Included too are the Act I aria from \\"Ariadne auf Naxos\\" and the remarkable closing scene from \\"Capriccio.\\"       The sound for 1953 and '54 is excellent and Decca employed its best resources with the transfers.      No Straussian would want to be without this disc.  Daniel Reaver.
B000006CCG|3.0|Ya Know, I wish that amazon would expand the review system cuz 1 to 5 stars doesn't cut it. When I was a kid I idolized my big brother and any music he listened to, therefore from that perspective this album gets 12 stars. From a musical perspective it gets somewhere between 1.5 - 2. That being said it is a pretty good american metal album. I don't like to compare it to Maiden or Metallica  because it's not the same thing. It's just cheesy L.A. Rock/Metal/Glam but in my opinion it's better than most of what came after it. e.g. Warrant, Poison, Winger, etc. So if your in the mood for some good 80's Rock/Metal I think you might enjoy this, but don't expect too much from it.
B000N6TYLW|3.0|I bought this box set of the Gilmore Girls but have never watched it myself. My daughter loves the series since she has all the other ones.
B000W4D27C|4.0|First off, I don't give 5 star reviews as they suggest that something is perfect and that is never the case. That being said, this IS one hell of an album. I love bands that are able to incorporate many styles into their music. On this release The Ocean show us that they are very capable of doing just that. This is definitely worth a listen for folks who enjoy diversity in their metal. It has many softer more melodic passages as well as the crushing heaviness you would expect from these guys. If you are into album artwork then I would recommend finding the European version as the band themselves have stated that the artwork on the US version has been severely compromised. I own the EU version myself and really dig the packaging and artwork. If you enjoy this band I would also recommend checking out Enslaved. Originally Black Metal, in recent years they have gone in a more progressive direction.
B000K15VSA|5.0|Very cool product.  More DVD content than I really need, the briefcase and other extras.  The image quality is flawless.  Very good value for the money.
B000VWYJ86|4.0|Purchased this movie to complete the set.  Watched all three movies within a few days of each other.  As good as the first movie.  Lot of action & continues where the other two left off.
B000002B7M|5.0|You heard me right, &#34;Blizzard of Ozz&#34; is Ozzy Osbourne's best and I DO mean best solo album of all time, and it's also a heavy metal classic as well. Man, not a single word can't even describe how much I love this album, it's an absolute classic from beginning to end, and it's also one of my all time favorite heavy metal albums that I have in my metal collection. Released in late 1980 in the United Kingdom and here in the United States in the spring of 1981, &#34;Blizzard of Ozz&#34; is the first solo album from Ozzy after he was fired by Black Sabbath in 1979 for his drug and alcohol problems which would continue until Ozzy met his future soon to be wife Sharon Osbourne (who was named Sharon Levy at the time I believe) and a young aspiring guitar virtuoso by the name of Randy Rhoads. I mean with a classic lineup consisting of the Ozzman himself on lead vocals, Bob Daisley on bass, Lee Kerslaske on drums, and of course then-22 year old Randy Rhoads on guitar, &#34;Blizzard of Ozz&#34; was the one classic metal album that launched Ozzy's notorious yet legendary amazing solo career. Ozzy's vocals on here are eerie yet very amazing throughout. Randy Rhoads's guitar work is just dare I say beyond incredible. His riffs are rocking and very catchy, and his virtuoistic and amazing solos are guaranteed to put a smile on your face. There's absolutely no doubt that Randy is one of metal's best and most influential guitarists ever. Bob Daisley's bass lines are just strong and excellent I mean you can definitely hear them, and Lee Kerslaske's drumming is powerful and hard hitting throughout.<br /><br />Every song on here is a classic. The opening classic &#34;I Don't Know&#34; starts off with an ominous intro shortly before rocketing into some pounding bass lines, fast driving riffs and a catchy rocking drum beat. I like Ozzy's vocals on here as well as Randy's blazing solo at the 3:28 mark. The next track &#34;Crazy Train&#34; is another classic on here as well as one of Ozzy's most popular and famous songs of all time. You just gotta love Ozzy's opening maniacal shout of &#34;ALL ABOARD!!&#34; and an echopexed laugh before launching into a killer, driven opening riff which then segues into a feast of fast, catchy, crunchy, galloping riffs, along with great mid-paced drumming, and excellent vocals from Ozzy throughout, and I also love Randy's guitar solo on this song as well. Track three &#34;Goodbye to Romance&#34; is a nice peaceful acoustic ballad which is somewhat lyrically a farewell to Ozzy's former band Black Sabbath. Randy's guitar solo around the 2:43 mark is great as well as the synthesizer solo by Don Airey near the end. Track four &#34;Dee&#34; is an excellent brief 49 second instrumental which features a fantastic classical sounding guitar solo from Randy. &#34;Suicide Solution&#34; is another catchy hard rocker which is without question Ozzy's most controversial song he's ever written in my estimation. Lyrically this song is actually about the dangers of substance abuse and drinking yourself to death, and it was also written in tribute to Bon Scott of AC/DC, who died of alcoholism in February of 1980. Track six &#34;Mr. Crowley&#34; (which is lyrically about legendary satanist Aleister Crowley) is another classic on here, as well as an addicting trippy hard rocker that features a nice haunting synthesizer solo from Don Airey at the beginning, as well as a pair of awesome soaring guitar solos from Randy especially that second solo near the end of the song which is without question one of the best guitar solos that I've ever heard in any rock/metal song. I just love it. &#34;No Bone Movies&#34; is another great catchy straight forward rocker with catchy vocals from Ozzy, as well as more great soloing from Randy. Track eight &#34;Revelations (Mother Earth) is an awesomely slow haunting, yet nice melodic 6 plus minute epic that later picks up on heavier riffage and another great solo from Randy, and the closing track &#34;Steal Away (The Night)&#34; is a more faster mid-tempo rocker that features a great singing chorus, great drum work from Lee, nice solid bass from Bob, and a awesome rocking solo from Randy.<br /><br />Jeremy's song ratings:<br />1. I Don't Know (5:16) - 5/5<br />2. Crazy Train (4:56) - 5/5<br />3. Goodbye to Romance (5:35) - 5/5<br />4. Dee (Instrumental) (0:49) - 5/5<br />5. Suicide Solution (4:20) - 5/5<br />6. Mr. Crowley (4:56) - 5/5<br />7. No Bone Movies (3:57) - 5/5<br />8. Revelations (Mother Earth) (6:09) - 5/5<br />9. Steal Away (The Night) (3:29) - 5/5<br /><br />See every song gets a 5 out of 5.<br /><br />Like I said before, &#34;Blizzard of Ozz&#34; is definitely Ozzy Osbourne's best solo album of all time, and if you call yourself a metalhead and yet you don't own this classic monster of an album, then you shouldn't even consider yourself a metalhead anyway. This album is a true metal classic and it makes a great and I DO mean great addition to your rock/metal CD collection. Skip the 2002 reissued remastered version and get the original 1995 remastered version instead if you can find it, I'm sure you all know which one I'm talking about. Well Enjoy and Happy Headbanging!!!way (The Night)&#34; is a more faster mid-tempo rocker that features a great singing chorus, great drum work from Lee, nice solid bass from Bob, and a awesome rocking solo from Randy.   Jeremy's song ratings: 1. I Don't Know (5:16) - 5/5 2. Crazy Train (4:56) - 5/5 3. Goodbye to Romance (5:35) - 5/5 4. Dee (Instrumental) (0:49) - 5/5 5. Suicide Solution (4:20) - 5/5 6. Mr. Crowley (4:56) - 5/5 7. No Bone Movies (3:57) - 5/5 8. Revelations (Mother Earth) (6:09) - 5/5 9. Steal Away (The Night) (3:29) - 5/5  See every song gets a 5 out of 5.  Like I said before, &#34;Blizzard of Ozz&#34; is definitely Ozzy Osbourne's best solo album of all time, and if you call yourself a metalhead and yet you don't own this classic monster of an album, then you shouldn't even consider yourself a metalhead anyway. This album is a true metal classic and it makes a great and I DO mean great addition to your rock/metal CD collection. Skip the 2002 reissued remastered version and get the original 1995 remastered version instead if you can find it, I'm sure you all know which one I'm talking about. Well Enjoy and Happy Headbanging!!!
038572179X|3.0|this book was only so-so. i wanted to read it before seeing the movie, but i dont plan on watching the film now that i've read the novel it was based on.<br /><br />i like the first part when the author uses characters' different viewpoints to set up the central conflict of the story... but then in the entire middle section it was mostly briony's story and there were only a few ties to the original problem and as for all the war stuff, it was nothing special. i've read other books with war scenes described more impressively.  and i was not very surprised/astonished by the \\"twist\\" at the end. i ended up not really caring about what'd actually happened to the characters.
B000R7I3LY|5.0|This CD has it all.  Sara has a beautiful voice, empowering and honest lyrics, and great REAL music.  I was really impressed with every song and every word, and the CD has not left my player.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I'm sad to say that I never even knew about Firefly when it was actually on television.  Like what I can only assume is more than a few current fans, I became aware of Firefly/Serenity after having seen the movie, knowing nearly nothing about the television series.    The most poignant thing about the Firefly sensation for me is the sadness (yeah, sadness about a canceled television show...crazy i know) that I feel when I think about how much more it could have been, had it not been cut so incredibly short.  Within not even one complete season's worth of episodes, this program captured my attention, heart, and mind in a way that no show every really had (or has since, really).  That's special folks, and I'm obliged to know that so many other people have been as taken in by Joss' and the crews' moment in the sun as I.    If you haven't seen this, you NEED to.  You need to see it, you need to talk about it, you need to keep it alive.  Even though every day that goes by might be one day closer to the realization that we may never see anything new for Serenity and her crew, deep in my heart I'll never completely give up hope that we'll see them again, in something new and amazing.    *Laughs* All this emotion over a T.V show...it MUST be something special and you owe it to yourself to experience it for yourself.
B000R6PKP2|5.0|I'm too young to have seen this movie when it was originally released in theaters, but I have seen the directors cut on DVD and enjoyed it the first time I watched it. I had to rewatch it dozens of times to understand this movie and I thought it was already a great movie. After watching the Final Cut on Blu-ray with my 56 inch Samsung DLP, I can easily say that Blade Runner is now my favorite film. It fixed many of the little errors and added extra depth to a super deep film. Congratulations Ridley Scott, as you put together a great piece of art. George Lucas could learn a thing or two from you on remakes and recuts. Everyone should own this movie and especially on Blu-ray.
0765318741|2.0|I don't typically read vampire novels, but when a friend tossed I Am Legend my way I gave it a shot. If this is 'one of the best vampire novels out there,' then I will never read another one. The premise of the story is looking at vampires from a biological perspective, and the author never substantively departs from that single idea. Even then, Matheson fails to make his vampires original in any sense. The book's action is weak, emotional appeals are less than compelling, and there is virtually no horror. Skip this one.
B000F9RB9Y|4.0|I wasn't sure what to expect with a blu ray movie from the early 80s and the reviews on this one I've read have been mixed. Would the picture be any better? Would there be improvement over DVD? I was pleasantly surprised when I watched the blu ray. True some of the sequences are still grainy (partially intentional on the part of the filmakers) but I could absolutely see an improvement over the DVD version. Though most of the movie takes place at night, I was able to see much more detail than I had before (which is saying alot because I'm a huge Terminator fan!) I would have much preferred the film be cleaned up and spruced up more, but my conclusion is that the blu ray is definitely better than the DVDs. My only real disappointment with the disc were the special features. Aren't blu rays supposed to have this massive storage capacity and room for hours upon hours of additional material??? So why are we left with nothing new on The Terminator?? Same deleted scenes, same interview with Arnold and Jim Cameron, and the same special effects featurette as the special edition DVD. Bummer.......
B0000AQS0F|4.0|Though I only saw 1 episode on TV, I was interested.  I also enjoyed the movie, \\"Serenity\\"... played by the same cast members, by the way.  I understand that it would have been difficult for a western scifi movie to succeed in television.  None the less, I am happy to have watched the complete series.
0143038419|5.0|This is an excellent book. I was lucky enough to meet Elizabeth Gilbert at a live author event in Bellingham WA. I am in my mid 40's, going through a marriage of 23 years ending. Her book inspired me that you can heal and explore so much that the world has to offer if you open your heart & soul up to the possibilites. A wonderful book from a awesome woman on a amazing journey of self discovery & healing plus adventure.
B000YA9R3C|5.0|First off, Daniel Day-Lewis makes this movie what it is and will be taking home the Oscar (should be his record setting third, Gangs of New York anyone?) later next month. He has already one every other award up to this point as he deserves. There Will Be Blood is very slow paced and dialogue heavy, but the 2 and 1/2 hour film never really felt long. The musical score and the ending of the movie are a bit weird and leave you feeling uneasy, but it will having you thinking long after you leave the theater.
0440238609|5.0|I really could not put these books down once I started reading. Mr Pullman writes a wonderfully exciting story, with many plot twists and turns and complex ideas.    I have started to re-read all 3 books, and even the second time around they are very enjoyable, in fact I am getting even more understanding of the characters and plot lines.    Good value - buy it and read with an open mind :)
B000HA4WTS|5.0|This movie is by far the best in The Fast and The Furious franchise. People who say this movie has no plot has no idea what this movie is about. That's what the whole point is. It's about drifting not about a guy and a girl driving off into the sunset to spend the rest of their lives together. For once! Paul Walker is not in the movie. I enjoyed his act in the first film but the second just made me go, \\"Huh?\\". Tokyo Drift gave me more hope that racing films will survive in the future. The scenes were amazing just on DVD, although some Japanese scenes were filmed in the U.S. This was by far the greatest movie and thank God the main theme was drifting and might I add - not bad for a title. I like the acting by Lucas Black and it was pretty nice to bring back Vin Diesel in the end to try and connect everything. Black looked a little too old to be playing a role of a high school kid but it's all good. I watched this movie about 10 times and would still watch it just for the drift scenes. Note to future producers of racing films- follow this movie's example.
0143038419|4.0|I bought this book after seeing the author on Oprah (I only caught a couple of minutes of the show), thinking her journey sounded a bit funny and a bit positive and I could use a double dose of both at the time.  Her book starts with the breakup of her marriage, and since I'd was dealing with my own breakup I was interested in how she'd come out on the other side.<br /><br />I liked her writing style and her willingness to confront and confess her own issues and to keep searching for something to fill the void she knew she had.  The particular remedies Gilbert tries may not be your own choices, but you'll probably see some parallels.  For instance, perhaps you can't eat your way across Italy, but how many of us have tried to heal ourselves by traveling alphabetically through the cookie aisle or ice cream freezer at Kroger?<br /><br />While some people seem put off by Gilbert's self-absorption, I wasn't.  I expected the book to be self-centered since it was a memoir, a story of the search for her self.<br /><br />I ended up liking her, too.  Gilbert and the people she meets in her travels are so utterly human, with both the good and the bad that comes with being human, that they are hard not to like or admire or at least want to get to know over a bottle of wine.<br /><br />Richard from Texas is my favorite.  He throws out quotable one-liners as if he caught them on clearance in the gift shop. \\"Honey, Ray Charles could see your control issues,\\" and others I can't quote here.<br /><br />The end result of reading this book could be that you embrace your own humanity with a bit more compassion after meeting these people,hearing their stories and sharing their lives.  I did.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|An awesome season with great storytelling and a fantastic season finale.   Get it to keep up with what is going on, and be prepared for season 4.
B0011NVC9I|1.0|You must watch this movie in 3-D or your missing about 40% of it. They should offer a 3-D version.
B000W746GK|5.0|I bought this because I already have the full-screen version, and was told there are things not caught from the wide-screen. You do get more background.Most scenes had \\"missing\\" portions. While I personally do NOT like wide-screen movies, you do get more to explain a scene, although I think the people look short and squashed compared to full-screen. I am not sorry I got this, in fact I got wide-screen versions for all my Harry Potter movies to go with the full-screen versions. I wish there were both versions in the DVD releases, so you could watch the version you like best whenever you wanted to, instead of buying 2 DVDs.
B00003CXCT|5.0|THE STAR WARS movies are amazing.  The sheer imagination that went into them is spectacular.  The original film, A NEW HOPE, topped the charts in '77 and is still, today, the 2nd highest grossing movie of all time, and with good reason.  The original STAR WARS trilogy is one of the top three trilogies of all time, and are a must-see for the whole family.    The bonus disc: This bonus disc is the best bonus disc I've ever seen.  The main feature, a documentary called EMPIRE OF DREAMS, is spectacular.  It's the greatest, most comprehensive look at the making of these magical films.  The documentary is accompanied by 4 15-20 minute featurettes, trailers, stills, ect.      The films:    A NEW HOPE: The film that started it all.  It's amazingly acted, directed, and the script is engrossing.  It's really hard to discribe all three of these films, and that's really all I can say about this one.  You have to see it to believe it.    THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK: This film has to be one of the greatest sequels of all time.  Most sequels to successful movies are just rehashes of the original, the work of a director trying in vain to recreate a masterpiece.  EMPIRE is one of few exceptions.  This sequel carries on the fight of the brave Rebels against the evil Empire.  Things go darker this time around, though it's not hellish like the second INDIANA JONES film.  The heroes lose a lot, and it leaves you hopeful that things will get better, though wondering how that could ever happen.    THE RETURN OF THE JEDI: This might be one of the greatest climaxes of all time.  Great fights, chases, heroes and villains, and weird aliens, like the furry little Ewoks.  Everyone reprises their role (thankfully), and you finally get to see the Emperor himself, and trust me, he doesn't disappoint.  This is a great wrap-up to the amazing trilogy.    The quality: George Lucas adds to his visual stunning in this trilogy with new second-long shots of aliens and enhanced picture.  This really ticks somepeople off, but I think it adds to the films without really changing much.      Overall:  Great!  I recieved this box set a few years ago, and have simply adored it since.  If you're a STAR WARS fan, this set is a must-own.  And if your not a big fan, even if you don't buy this set, you should still watch the movies.  Highly reccommended.
184195425X|5.0|This was one of the most imaginative books I have ever read. Someone tried to describe it to me and I almost didn't read it based on their summary. I am glad I did, one of my favorite books.
0143058525|5.0|Heard so much about this book from Oprah.  I so understand they hype.  So well written and easy to listen to.  I felt as if she were the voice in my head.  Very enlightening, spiritual trip that you take yourself while engaged in this book.  This book reminds you to enjoy the journey...of life.
1416523359|3.0|I had read every book by King up to the 2002. His offerings after that didn't excite me anymore. Was on vacation, the only book available, gave it a shot. It was ok, nothing like his early work. Entertaining but doesn't stick with you.
B000P12LWY|5.0|i love the tudors! i didn't get to watch all of the episodes when they originally aired, so buying the entire season and watching it was a treat! i'm a huge fan of that period, so shows like this are fabulous...especially when they have jonathan rys-meyers as the star.
B00003CX9S|5.0|David Lynch's finest film, alongside with perhaps Mulholland Drive. John Hurt, under tons of makeup, stars as David Merrick, the real-life grotesquely deformed individual of Victorian England that was better known as The Elephant Man. Merrick is the virtual slave of a brutish man (a great performance of Freddie Jones) that parades him as a carnival freak until he is rescued by the sensitive doctor Frederick Treves (Anthony Hopkins). Treves decides to put Merrick in a hospital room, winning over the initial skepticism of its director, John Gielgud. In the hospital, Merrick will start to talk for the first time, begin to regain his dignity, and eventually will become a curiosity of high society before his premature death. Shot in a delicate and expressionist black and white, the only flaw in the movie might be the performance of Ann Bancroft (producer Mel Brooks's wife) as a stage actress interested in Merrick's life. Except for the surreal opening and closing scenes (in which Merrick is born and dies, respectively), here Lynch is relatively restrained, opting for a style that could be called poetic realism. The film earned eight Oscar nominations in all, but left that race empty-handed, an earlier indication that Lynch's films would not be the typical Academy material.
B000NA2BEU|5.0|i was so sad that they took veronica mars off the air! i love this show and the characters and the writing. now i have the 3rd season on dvd so i can watch it anytime i'd like...which is like all the time. i also have seasons 1 and 2.
B000VNMMR0|3.0|\\"Realistic\\" is not a word that springs to mind in connection with the \\"Die Hard\\" films and \\"Die Hard 4.0\\" is no exception. Over the top action sequences, people who refuse simply refuse to die, and of course criminal masterminds who don't kill the \\"good guys\\" when they are given the chance - they're all here.<br /><br />For the most part it is unexceptional although it does contains one good over-the-top action sequence which - if it actually occured - would have resulted in many hundreds of millions of dollars worth of damage!<br /><br />Bruce Willis's wisecracks and charm keep this one afloat.
B000YA9R3C|5.0|Upton Sinclair was a socialist writer.  He lived in times when the contrast between wealth and poverty was massive.  His novel `The Jungle' famously brought reform to the meat packing industry, and his story zeroed in on an immigrant living in squalor during the early part of the last century.  Similarly, `Oil!' upon which `There Will Be Blood' is based, packs the same satirical bent against the excesses of exponential capitalism in story form.    As I write this review, the movie has been nominated for eight Academy Awards, including Daniel Day-Lewis for Best Actor.  Only having seen the film from the first day of its debut in my city, I can only say it's all well deserved.  Day-Lewis's complex and convincing performance will be hard to beat on Oscar night.  He knows his character thoroughly and the emotional range from hardened misanthrope to money zealot is masterful, indeed.        The movie begins with Daniel Plainview (Daniel Day-Lewis), an oil prospector.  He is surveying potential oil fields, using explosives to uncover the oil, and working in wells to test a new site in Coyote Hills.  After making a discovery, he calls a town meeting where he assures the gathered flock that he is a family man, that he can deliver the oil, and he can eliminate the middle men who muddle up so many oil arrangements with contracts going out to several interests.  With him is his adopted son, H.W., who is both an able learner and a reassuring presence.  Daniel works every crowd like a seasoned politician, assuring them an oil field will bring their community roads, education, and bread on their tables.  We get used to Daniel's speeches, but we soon get even more accustomed to his sharp negotiating skills, which include being able to cut a deal to the highest bidder for the oil fields he finds.  His coercing methods with big oil men set him apart and at least prove that Daniel, the bully, goes after the big fish as well as the small .    Off the streets, Paul Sunday comes in hisoffice with an offer.  If Daniel will pay him money up front, he'll tell him where some oil land is located.  They agree to split it up:  Some of it down, some of it when it's discovered.  To see if it's the real thing, Daniel and son head for the land, asking the Sunday family if he can go quail hunting and camp on their land.  The Sundays are a zealous, religious family.  Elder Abel and his wife present them with real hospitality.  At the dinner table, Daniel meets Abel's other young son, Eli, whom the family believes is a spiritual prodigy.  In the midst of dinner negotiations, Eli insists on $10,000 for their community's Church of the Third Revelation, over which he presides.      From there Daniel and Eli lock heads with their priorities at odds with one another.  Both players have a lot at stake and counter one another with revenge.  At one point, the oil field is guzzling over with oil, is set on fire, and the explosion hurls young H.W. from the oil well.  From there a concussion of sorts leaves the young boy deaf and disillusioned.  This development gives Eli a leverage tool he needs for his ever growing church.    Once Daniel achieves a measure of success, a man introduces himself on his property as  Henry Plainview, Daniel's half-brother, and is able to identify all his main relatives from his native Fond du Lac, Wisconsin home.  When that connection is made, Daniel shows another side of himself.  He shares later with Henry \\"I look at people, and I see nothing worth liking.\\"  He also expresses his desire:  \\"I want to make enough money to get away from everyone.\\" Daniel confesses that Henry's company has given him consolation from his growing hatred.    Much of the movie sorts out the rivalry between Eli and the oil man, and Daniel's negotiations with the other oil companies and land owners.  The film also calls into question the relationship between father and son.  Daniel sends H.W. to San Francisco to be tutored in sign language and other important skills, but many question his method.  He also finds out something about Henry, which make the estranged man's motives suspect.     `There Will Be Blood' has many atmospherics that go in its favor.  The intricate score either sports a smooth, fluid old-fashioned appeal or is so eerily frenetic that it goes through your entire nervous system.  Between all the nuances, a fine story, and fascinating portrayals, the movie's clock time of nearly two hours and forty minutes never produces fidgeting.  No small feat.  The epic is as absorbing for the character sketches, which are identifiable, and the marvelous story telling, which draws so well from a compelling author.
0385340559|4.0|If you are a Jack Reacher fan, you'll be reading this book as Jack reunites with this MP buddies- at least the ones who are left.  I will tell you no more, it will spoil the fun!  If you haven't been introduced to Jack in any of Lee Child's wonderful thrillers, you are in for a treat.  Think about the Tom Clancy thriller's made into movies starring Harrison Ford.  You'll be flipping pages well into the late night hours.  Your eyes will be worn out but you'll just keep reading.<br />Child writes a great tale. Chapters are short, writing is crisp. Dialogue is real and in character. The protagonist, Jack Reacher, is like Clint Eastwood on steroids.  It is fun, filled with well-researched details and compelling.  If you want to read something exciting on vacation, on a plane, during your commute or just as a mystery-thriller escape, this is for you.<br />I picked up Child's first Reacher novel, The Killing Floor, years ago and I haven't missed a book yet.  Get out there and READ!
B000WS4OZM|5.0|This is for the most part, a slower more mellow side of Johnny Cash. It is enjoyable even with all of it's sadness and gloomy topics. Whatever songs Johnny Cash covers magically seem to be his own, and everyone of them I've heard I like better than the original. On this album he covers, \\"I won't Back Down,\\" a song by Tom Petty. \\"One\\" was originally a U2 song that Cash really brings to life even though at this point, he wasn't full of too much life. This, as well as \\"Solitary Man\\", \\"Nobody\\", \\"I See a Darkness\\", \\"The Mercy Seat\\", \\"Country Trash\\", \\"I'm Leaving Now\\", and \\"Wayfaring Stranger\\", are my favorite tracks on the album, and basically that is almost all of the songs. Some of my least favorites are so because of how slow they are. \\"Mary of the Wild Moor,\\" is extremely depressing and makes me really envision a backwoods family.     As far as how inspiring this album is, I think there are songs on here I can really relate to such as, \\"Nobody\\" (a song about people not caring, so why should you in return) >>> it really is a kind of humorous take on the subject, and makes you feel a little better when you listen to it. \\"I see a Darkness,\\" is a hopeless type of song, that at the same time seems to carry some hints of hope to it. (It's also fun to play from your laptop during blackouts). All in all a very good album, many of these songs get stuck in my head.
B000069HZP|4.0|I love the film, the problem is the DVD is not anamorphic or enhanced for widescreen 16x9 televisions or projectors, so the image has to be manipulated to make it. It's very disappointing.
B000H45SDS|5.0|Amazing perspective on life, friends and family. Inspirational and moving. I want to be as compasionate as Morrie, I want us all to be...
B000VWE5OY|3.0|I'm always mystified that people think a three or four star review is bad; it's not folks it just shows that a good show could use some improvement. \\"Torchwood\\" is one of those shows that has a lot of potential and could become quite exceptional. Russell T. Davies \\"Dr. Who\\" spin-off \\"Torchwood\\" is a pretty good show and could be an exceptional show if it layed off the sex and violence so much. Why? Because the show focuses entirely too much on it to its own detriment. The first series starts off well if a bit uneven. The pilot \\"Every Thing Changes\\" sets up the premise of the series but really would have benefited from a two hour or two episode set up since the serial killer story angle isn't developed enough. We meet Captain Jack Harkness (John Barrowman)the new head of Torchwood a MI-5 like organization that deals with threats from aliens and we don't mean illegal aliens. Torchwood (which is an anagram for \\"Doctor Who\\") was developed BECAUSE of the good doctor and, when all of its members were turned into Cybermen, Harkness started the organization again in honor of its original primary target--the good Doctor himself. He and his crew including Owen (who looks a bit like Willem Dafoe), Tosh and Suzie deal with alien incursions that occur because of a rift in time/space located in Cardiff. When Gwen a police officer witnessesTorchwood ressurecting one of the victims of the serial killer to try and find out his identity she starts trying to find out more about the investigation, she gets drawn into their world. Gwen is later invited to join Torchwood and assist the group and becomes its conscience filled with the compassion that have become as alien to them as the creatures they hunt.<br /><br />The quality of the writing veers from weak to brilliant over the course of the 13 episodes included. As mentioned the pilot episode could have been much better (it's good but underdeveloped) if it was longer allowing for the plot and characters to be better deveoped. As the series progresses it does get better with \\"Countrycide\\", \\"They Keep Killing Suzie\\", \\"Random Shoes\\" and \\"Out of Time\\" all well written. The problem is that the show will deal with a emotionally charged issue and then two characters will decide, \\"oh, let's go have casual sex right now\\". It's an odd shift in tone much more in keeping with a series like \\"Queer as Folk\\" (also created by Davies)or \\"Coupling\\" than, say, \\"Doctor Who\\". As Davies himself states in an extra just because they can show more gore and sex doesn't mean they necessarily have to ALL the time. It disrupts some of the well written narratives and seems almost like the focus of those that are NOT well written with else everything is built around it. \\"Out of Time\\" and \\"Greeks Bearing Gifts\\" are both perfect examples where the sexuality is well integrated into the script and inseparable from the story itself. There are others, however, where is like those moments in \\"NYPD Blue\\" where it felt like it was the obligatory sex scene.<br /><br />Regardless, I like this show and I think fans of \\"The X-Files\\" or \\"Doctor Who\\" (and \\"Supernatural\\") will as well but the writing isn't as sharp as any of those shows. In fact, it suffers from the same flaws (but to a larger degree)as the third season of \\"Supernatural\\".<br /><br />The show looks like it came from an inferior source with the image quality good when it should be terrific. Perhaps in the switch from the normally incompatable European format to the US or during the Telecine process something unexpected happened or the source wasn't properly handled. Either way, it looks good but could look GREAT given the high definition video format it is shot in.<br /><br />Audio sounds extremely good unlike \\"Doctor Who\\" the 5.1 mix sounds very good even when it is listened to in 2.0 (the dialogue in\\"Doctor Who\\" tends to get lost in the mix with the music and sound effects overwhelming it--it's not as big an issue here).<br /><br />The extras are terrific as with other BBC shows released by Warner. There are commentary tracks by cast and crew in for every episode of the series. We also get outtakes, a variety of featurettes on each disc on various episodes and, as with \\"Doctor Who\\", we get the weekly edited version of \\"Torchwood: Unclassified\\" that runs around two hours on the last disc.<br /><br />\\"Torchwood\\" is a good series that hasn't completely found it's way yet. Once the series begins to find a better balance between its brand of \\"adult\\" sex and violence (as well as language)with the science fiction, supernatural elements AND character development, \\"Torchwood\\" will really be something. Here's hoping season two improves on season one as the inexperience of some of the writers in working within the genre shows.mmentary tracks by cast and crew in for every episode of the series. We also get outtakes, a variety of featurettes on each disc on various episodes and, as with \\"Doctor Who\\", we get the weekly edited version of \\"Torchwood: Unclassified\\" that runs around two hours on the last disc.    \\"Torchwood\\" is a good series that hasn't completely found it's way yet. Once the series begins to find a better balance between its brand of \\"adult\\" sex and violence (as well as language)with the science fiction, supernatural elements AND character development, \\"Torchwood\\" will really be something. Here's hoping season two improves on season one as the inexperience of some of the writers in working within the genre shows.
0143034901|5.0|This was really a wonderful book. In every way. There are plenty of reviews here that give WAY TOO MUCH away. I just wanted to put my two cents in that--as a person who reads several dozen books annually--I consider this one of my five top reads of the year.<br />Please, PLEASE will someone translate more of Zafon's books into English right away!
B000NVL9FQ|5.0|I bought SHOUT's remaster for TARKUS and was not impressed, as a matter of fact I find RHINO's remaster a better one, but in this case SHOUT really did a terrific job, this is the best available remaster of ELP's first album. If you're looking to improve your current sound on this album, this is the one to buy.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Granted, I've never been much for television, but this would have changed my mind.  Firefly is, without a doubt, the best tv series I've ever seen, and Fox should be ashamed of itself for canceling it.  It has action, humour, suspense, romance, and the witty dialogue Joss Whedon has made famous.  The writing is superb, the action top-notch, and the 'verse becomes truly real, and a place that you want to reach out and touch.  As the PVP t-shirt says,  \\"Joss Whedon is my master now\\", and this show is why.
B00065MDSQ|4.0|This album is steller, for lack of a better descriptor..  I didn't know what I was getting exactly..which I liked. I didn't do any research on this one. I just bought the album because I liked the track \\"Red\\" which is the only song I had heard from the album, and I was curious as to what the rest would sound like.  My ears sucked it up like juicy beer batterd fish and chips...yummy. Ear candy indeed. Throw this one on yer mp3, iphone song playing thingy and enjoy Bill Brufords playful but seriously tight drumming. He's having a blast. This dark brooding guitar based album is pure seventies, slightly underground music bliss I crave; And I found it!
0375842209|5.0|This is one of the most meaningful books I've ever read. I cannot emphasize enough how wonderful a book it is. Such sympathy is built for the characters, I've never read anything quite like it.
B00006690H|5.0|I love this album it is the besy Eminem album. Till i collapse i'm fillin these rapd till the day that i drop.
0143038419|1.0|If I could rate this book NO STARS I WOULD! Bottom Line:  No, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO A FRIEND ITS HORRIBLE HORRIBLE AND HORRIBLE...PEOPLE DO NOT BUY THIS STUPID PRODUCT. ITS HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We all have better things to do with our lives than to read someone else's depressing life.  This book is a waste of time and money!!!
B000WMFZNS|5.0|Cowabunga !   I am way excited about this coming to dvd, and our family has a special movie party BBQ get together for our big movie event night for this movie when this arrives.  My siblings and there kids are all excited about this coming to DVD and yep, I have ordered the Limited Collectors edition.   For tidbit more info in case it is not easily  provided: I read that this movie had a well known historian inputting for historical accuracy.  Apparently a huge concious effort was made so it would be historically accurate and even the costumes are all accurate and also were all made using real leather etc.  This film was definitely one of the biggest budget films as real castles were used, and buildings were constructed to hide architectural inaccuracies for the period.  In other words, this film is worth watching and educational too.  If you re not excited, you may not have seen the film back in the first realease in 1961 like me.  It made such a deep impression that I today am writing this comment with such excitement.  This is a \\"must have\\" for even the smallest collector.  Christmas is coming twice this year! yeah.  As my title indicates...this dvd is produced from the orignal 70mm  remastered film.  As you might have read, the earlier laser disc was produced from 35mm film, so this  DVD is as good as it gets!    The question came up of whehter this is was drived from 70mm, here is the link. I belong to a dvd site called DVDtalk and the info came from here.  [...]    Hope that settles this question.
B000LPS4BG|2.0|The film is one of the great works of the last 20 years and it deserved better than this release.  My rating is more a reflection of the product than the movie itself, which we all agree is a classic.  The picture quality is scarcely an upgrade over the DVD version.      First of all, the film has not been restored and cleaned up for HD.  I understand the movie is about 18 years-old and it won't look as clean as, say, Casino Royale does on Blu-ray, but the scratches and damaged film elements present in this transfer are inexcusable.  There are two long film scratches in the movie, one within the first 15 minutes and the other in a scene when Paul and Jimmy see Henry in his apartment, that run in the middle of the frame through the scene.  There are also numerous incidents of bad elements, damage, and dust that detract from the experience.      This film deserved better and it should've been properly restored.  To see that kind of damage in a transfer in this day and age just speaks to laziness and a desire to put out a popular product because they know people will buy it no matter what.  It's an insult to consumers and film fans everywhere.    Buy only if you must have an HD version in your collection but I'd wait for WB to treat this film properly in the future.  It has to happen.
0937381888|5.0|A MUST READ BOOK FOR THE SERIOUS BEER LOVER VERY INFORMATIVE  COVERS THE BASICS THROUGH THE PROBLEMS EXPLAINS DIFFERENT HOPS YEAST AND SUGARS OR MALTS HIGHLY RECCOMEND!!!
B00011F5DK|5.0|I'll give you the trouble spots first:    1.  If you have small children around, they might swallow the pieces.  2.  The pieces are very easy to lose, and losing even one piece makes the game virtually unplayable.    OK, now the good stuff:    1.  Everyone to whom I've shown it has bought one for their own home.  2.  It's the perfect game for small gatherings; everyone has a great time.  3.  It's super-easy to learn the rules; very intuitive.  4.  It's just hard enough to figure out good strategies that you get sucked into the game, and don't get bored of it for a long time.  5.  It gets your mind working in a logical way, not quite the same way as chess or GO, but along those lines.  (Think checkers, or Tetris.)  6.  It gets people to be genuinely competitive, but in a good way.
B000000ORX|5.0|Let's not forget, among the accolades for her songs, that Joni Mitchell really invented a new way to play the guitar with her use of exotic tunings and her signature playing style.  Others have rightly praised the music and the poetry, but \\"Night Ride Home\\" is an also amazing guitar album.  With her guitar is mixed right out front on NRH, you realize just what a singular musician she is.    In fact, the musicianship throughout is top notch.  Let's face it: Joni never plays with slouches, and NRH is no exception, with Larry Klein, Wayne Shorter and Alex Acuna pitching in.  Joni has always made great use of good bass players, and Klein's playing syncs with her music almost (just almost!) as well as Jaco's did.    Joni also made albums that were sonic wonders, wonderfully recorded and engineered, and here again NRH is a delight.  Her restrained, tasteful use of synths reminds me somewhat of Daniel Lanois with that spacious, shimmering sound.  Her use of her voice, layered many times, as a background \\"instrument\\" continues to amaze me after 30+ years.  She truly towers over the landscape.  If you like Joni but don't have \\"Night Ride Home\\", you're missing out.
0671015206|5.0|I read this in high school, at the urging of a friend and my parents.  It changed the way I thought (or didn't think) about money.  I believe it is excellent, solid advice for anyone who wants to retire comfortably without the hassle of becoming a true investor.  I love how he teaches the difference between life insurance policies, and uses reason and math to prove his points.  I'm a college student, but I've already saved for retirement, because this book convinced me of the value of time and dollar cost averaging.
B00003CXDD|5.0|This movie has a good story with great actors.  It is one of the funniest movies of it's type I have ever seen.
B00005JLD4|4.0|Rabbit proof fence tells the story of three half-caste girls from an Aboriginal settlement in Western Australia. In 1931 the girls were seized from their families by police who were acting according to state policy and were taken to a government compound far to the south. The three girls escaped and made a miracles journey one thousand miles through the dessert to get back home. Along this journey they followed a fence built north to south to keep the rabbits out of the fields. The girls did receive food and help from some they encountered along the way. The movie shows us about the horrible Aboriginal child removal policies in Australia during the 20th century.    In the early 1900's Australians were worried about the increase in half-caste children. They believed each half-caste to be a \\"menace to the future moral safety of the community\\". So in 1905 Australia passed a law to allow the removal of half-caste children from their homes and were to place them in Christian missions or State run institutions. The law was nothing more than an attempt by the government to rid Australia of the Aboriginal people and their beliefs. The government didn't understand the Aboriginal tribes and didn't give their ways or beliefs a chance. Sadly it took until 1970 to end this law and this movie is a reminder of the horrible things the Aboriginal children endured.     This I thought was a great movie and is well worth watching. It does make you angry when you think about the governments and global religions who try to change the ways of the indigenous people throughout the world. It is no governments or religions place to say they are better or more right then another with a different belief. We need to learn more about others beliefs and ways of life before we try to impose ours on them. We might think ours to be better but you can see from this movie our beliefs and ways of life don't always make others happy.  No government or religion should stand for the mistreatment of any individual and this movie is a great example of a government's abuse of power.
0525950079|3.0|I enjoyed this book while at the same time feeling there was something a little annoying about it. There is not a lot of sex given how large the book is and it did not seem innappropriate though i agree with another reviewer in that it seemed like male fantasy. I was not annoyed by the wrong language or the historical faults. I suppose they are almost inevitable if you are writng an easy to follow book in our time. It IS a great tale and it thoroughly got me in. I wanted to read to the end and it filled up my holidays. By the end I worked out what rankled. The reader has to do no work except read the words. Sometimes earlier plot items are even repeated as if it was a TV serial. We know that...we already read the book! So it is an easy read, though usually I prefer something a bit meatier where all the bad guys don't get ther come-uppance.
0440238153|4.0|Many reviewers considered the third installment of His Dark Materials as a disappointing end to the trilogy.  I have to disagree; I believe it is as good, or even better, than the Golden Compass.    Granted, the book is not perfect.  I agree with some reviewers that the book is not well-written.  Other than Will and Lyra, the rest of the characters have not been fully developed, making it difficult for me to care too much about them.  For example, why did Asriel take on such a monumental task?  While Pullman provided Marie Coulter's motivations, her long and tedious explanations of them are wooden and unconvincing.  It is really a pity that I couldn't empathize more with those two characters given their sacrifices and their importance in the story.    The rest of the characters received even less attention.  Not only did I not know their history, I do not even know how their lives (or fates) fit in with the main story.  Other than to support Lyra in her journey, what exactly are the roles of the witches, the ice bears, or even Mary Malone?    Despite these dissatisfactions, I did not share some of the reviewers' concerns.  For example, I do not find the book preachy.  I believe the materials are needed to explain the story.  Compared to books like The Magic Mountain or The Brothers Karamazov, ideology expressed in the Amber Spyglass is hardly noticeable.    I also did not find the book joyless.  Instead, I found it poetic and thought provoking.  The chapter where the ghosts came out of the oppressive underworld and became assimilated with the universe was beautiful.  The story of the subtle knife, a technology created and used without knowing its consequences, echoes poignantly with our present and pressing environmental concerns.  Will's and Lyra's bravery in making difficult choices, in thinking beyond themselves, and in finding and taking their places in their worlds, even written as its present imperfect form, still resonate after I finished reading the book.
B00005LC4B|3.0|This was a good movie but the scene with the daughter and the killer in the school was too long.  This movies wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be.  Too dramatic for no reason, the scenes were taped at odd angles.  I wouldn't recommend it.      I wanted to set this for a while but I'm now disappointed.
0440238609|4.0|I was curious about His Dark Materials after seeing the Golden Compass movie.  However, I was hesitant in purchasing a set, despite its very attractive price, because a non-trivial number of reviewers believed Pullman let his ideology dominate his role of a story teller, especially in the third book of the trilogy, the Amber Spyglass.      I personally enjoyed His Dark Materials (HDM) more than either the Harry Potter or CS Lewis' Narnia series.  I think HDM is more imaginative than either.  HP is about school life sprinkled with everything magic, but is essentially earth bound.  HDM looks beyond our material world, personified souls as dæmons, a separate yet attached animal self that  gives the term \\"soul-mate\\" and the phrase \\"know thyself\\" interesting meanings.    As for the ideologies expressed, I find that they are minor and subtle compared with those in CS Lewis' Narnia series, and are needed for the story.  Some reviewers believed SF should not be burdened with ideologies of this world such as Christianity and Darwinism.  I have to disagree.  The books are written by humans read by humans, and we are creatures with believes.
B00005JPTI|2.0|I had high hopes for this movie. I saw the previews and was amazed. I thought Resident Evil only Better. Wow, I was wrong.    This movie doesn't even scratch the surface of a good movie. I mean take out Will Smith and you have nothing. That's why I watched the movie, Will Smith usually doesn't disapoint, this time he did. After about 45 minutes of watching this movie I was looking at my watch waiting for this experience to be done.    The thing that bothered me was the boringness of the story. I don't include spoilers so I won't go into detail, but they could've done so much more. Honestly I started to question the integrity of the movie makers. Questions like \\"Where they trying to rip me off?\\"  and \\"How can they sell this to a studio?\\" came to mind frequently during the slow times aka most of the movie. Why make previews seem like action if there really isn't any?    Please don't see this in theatres and please don't waste your $20-25 on this. Rent it. You will be glad you did.    Chad Johnson
B000SQJ2SC|5.0|What Kanye West has done with this album, Graduation, is give us the third part of a concept album. His previous albums were, despite their incredible quality, the first and middle acts for this, the conclusion. West is trying to take hip-hop into a place its never been before, with a sound and image its never had before. Flashing Lights, the highlight of the album, layers the standard drum patterns with string arrangements popular on Late Registration with a Euro-dance synthesizer sound which results in an incredibly layered song that only gets better the more you listen.  True, no song on this album is as introspective or political as \\"Jesus Walks,\\"  \\"All Falls Down,\\" \\"Family Business,\\" \\"Roses,\\" \\"Crack Music\\" or \\"Hey Mama,\\" none of the songs are supposed to be. At first, West's disappointment and frustration with America are all he can see (The College Dropout), but then he grows up a bit, and starts to ask questions about things around him and expands his sound (Late Registration) and by 2007, he has again grow up enough to recognize problems and ask questions, but doesn't try and answer those questions and has matured, allowing him to relax a bit and making him music more accessible.  Considering also the sheer quantity of music he's made outside of his own records, its amazing to listen to all three albums together. Graduation is an amazing listen, and it will be fun and interesting to see where West goes after this, now that he feels his education is complete.
B0009WFFS6|5.0|After 37 years apart, the original power trio is back. Cream defined the power trio that spawned later acts like ZZ Top and Rush among others, and their influence is still felt to this day. In 1966, Rock 'n Roll was moving toward a more eclectic sound incorporating more precision and improvisation. Along with Jimi Hendrix, Cream grabbed this concept by the horns. Some have said that the Jimi Hendrix Experience may have defined the power trio as well. Almost true, but The Experience was more or less a spotlight for Jimi's godlike guitar powers while Cream kept it to more of a group unit. Jack made bass playing more melodic and intricate that gave John Entwistle a good run. Ginger can be safely labeled as Rock's first true drum soloist. And Eric? Well, you have to remember, he was called God at one point here.<br /><br />During their brief 2 year tenure, Cream threw everything including the kitchen sink into their work; blues, jazz, classical and psychedelia. Some of today's progressive rock buffs look at Cream as prog forefathers along with The Beatles, The Doors, Pink Floyd and others. Unfortunately, tensions mounted within the group as musical differences swelled to the point of getting physical.<br /><br />Now all is forgiven and the long awaited reunion (save the R&R Hall of Fame ceremony) has come to fold. Eric, Jack and Ginger may have slowed a tad with age, but they still have the old chops. According to an interview with Eric, he said it took some practice to get back to the more fuller guitar sound for the trio after decades of playing in bigger lineups. Jack and Ginger headed more into the jazz foray after the breakup, so hard driving rock may have been a little alien to them after all these years.<br /><br />Never the less, after several months of planning and rehearsals the guys put on a stellar performance at the same venue they performed their farewell concert at in 1968, the Albert Hall which ironically had future prog giants Yes open for them. Many chestnuts are performed here with the usual standards of Crossroads, Badge and, of course, the obligatory encore of Sunshine of Your Love with only White Room being the most noticeable absentee from the song list for some reason. Many less radio friendly obscure cuts are performed with gusto such as NSU, the lengthy Spoonful, Ginger's spotlight Toad and a cut they've never performed live, Pressed Rat and Wart Hog, with Ginger's only lead vocal. Too much to go over, but it's all great.<br /><br />One of the things I like about this concert is that you get Cream as a unit and it is NOT presented as \\"Eric Clapton and Friends\\" being that Eric went on to a more super-stardom level than the others. In fact, Eric always being the humble man he is does his best to keep a low profile. Eveything is divided equally with playing duties and even the camera shots are spread out equally. The picture quality in the discs is terrific in high definition video cropped at a 1:85 aspect ratio. The audio is just perfect especially in DTS, Ginger's drums just thunder through. Certainly a far cry from that poorly filmed and rotted farewell concert film!<br /><br />While they may have lost just a little steam over the decades, the guys can still crank it out and this reunion is worth every note of it.re with the usual standards of Crossroads, Badge and, of course, the obligatory encore of Sunshine of Your Love with only White Room being the most noticeable absentee from the song list for some reason. Many less radio friendly obscure cuts are performed with gusto such as NSU, the lengthy Spoonful, Ginger's spotlight Toad and a cut they've never performed live, Pressed Rat and Wart Hog, with Ginger's only lead vocal. Too much to go over, but it's all great.    One of the things I like about this concert is that you get Cream as a unit and it is NOT presented as \\"Eric Clapton and Friends\\" being that Eric went on to a more super-stardom level than the others. In fact, Eric always being the humble man he is does his best to keep a low profile. Eveything is divided equally with playing duties and even the camera shots are spread out equally. The picture quality in the discs is terrific in high definition video cropped at a 1:85 aspect ratio. The audio is just perfect especially in DTS, Ginger's drums just thunder through. Certainly a far cry from that poorly filmed and rotted farewell concert film!    While they may have lost just a little steam over the decades, the guys can still crank it out and this reunion is worth every note of it.
B000J10ERO|4.0|This movie has a good plot twist that is revealed when one of the henchmen is killed by a piano. The other good thing about this movie is Kate Bosworth, who with black hair looks a bit like Norah Jones. The movie lights up whenever she is on screen. On the downside, the special effects are a bit murky. Kevin Spacey is not that good in the movie. He sucks the life of the movie (which is Kate Bosworth) when he shouts \\"Wrong!\\" at Kate when she brings up Superman in their conversation. Parker Posey has a poor role in the movie: at one point, Kate's character (Lois Lane) calls her a hooker. As far as the rest of the plot goes, there are some unanswered questions. When Lex Luthor's executes on his idea to wipe out all of America, Superman only saves a few people in his city. What happens to the rest of the country? We are not shown.
B000VHIRZC|5.0|Beautifully interpreted, Barenbolm plays delicately and skillfully. This music is perhaps the epitome of the romantic classical era of piano music. Mendelssohn composed piece after piece of melodic and engaging piano music that eventually became this complete cycle. Some pieces may grab you more than others but overall, everyone of them expresses emotion. It surprises me that these pieces are not better known to anyone who loves classical piano music.
0312360266|5.0|This is such a great book. It's like the Harry Potter of the vampyre genre! I totally recommend it and I am a grown woman. It's not just for teens.
B000WC2URM|5.0|The new production of The Nutcracker is the sort of production which signals the rebirth of Ballet, of Russian Ballet and of ballet you can watch, enjoy and bring the kids because they'll get it.  No longer do you need to claim that \\"my wife dragged me there\\" or some such.  In the \\"old days\\" this couldn't have been performed at the Mariinsky, but perhpas it could have at the Maly.  Then again, Nijenski shocked the public, as did Tchaikovsky occasionally.  The Mariinsky is back, glorious, fresh and new.  The St. Petersburg Academy of Russian Ballet has everybody there for a performance of the Nutcracker, and that is new...  I suppose that there are those who just can't stand the idea that Ballet might become democratic, that the people might love it, and that laughter just might be permitted and appropriate.  See it!  Take the family!  Don't be afraid to laugh! to love! and to enjoy this most marvelous production.  This time it is exciting, fresh and beautiful . . . but it is not what you are expecting.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|Radiohead-In Rainbows *****<br /><br />If it is possible Radiohead managed to make yet another masterpiece. In the years Radiohead has been a band they have produced and released the greatest albums of their time, it is like clock work for these blokes. Johnny Greenwood and O'Brien are still creating some of the more hauntingly beautiful guitar work ever as well as some of the most angry and powerful guitar work ever. There is a reason why critics continuesly name Radiohead the strongest guitar band of our generation, because they continue to grow and produce new exciting work. Then there is Thom Yorke who after returning to the band after an interesting yet dissapointing solo album has found his niche once again. Much in the same way U2 grow and adapt to what is new, Radiohead are constently growing and CREATING what is new, so really a comparrison to David Bowie is more accurate.<br /><br />From the haunting hallow soundscapes of tracks like the sensitive 'Nude' and 'Weird Fishes I Arpeggi' which have become trademarks for the band to the electronic influence of the albums opener '15 Step' which while short lyricaly, the content of the lyrics are without compare some of the strongest Yorke has ever laid to print. \\"How Come I End Up Where I Started?/How Come I End Up Where I Went Wrong?/ Wont Take My Eye Of The Ball Again/You Reel Me Out Then Cut The String.\\" You cant even compete with the melodramatics of something like that. The String arrangement toward the end of 'All I Need' which sort of seages into 'Faust Arp' is....breathtaking isn't the right word just the first to come to mind. 'Jigsaw Falling Into Place' starts off with an acoustic guitar riff that reminds of 'Karma Police' but then quicky picks up turning into the albums strongest track. With odd time signatures to begin with the song changes signatures mid way through building upon it even more like suspence in a horror movie with Yorkes vocals shinding the chills up your spin just like a killer would upon first appearance. The song kills just about anything the band has done before as does the album.<br /><br />Dare I say In Rainbows is the crowning achievement of Radiohead. It seems to me that this is what they have been working for their entire career. Don't get me wrong Im not saying at all that they should call it a day because of this one because I still hear a band that has plenty to accomplish and lots more room to grow. What I am saying however is that In Rainbows is the best thing Radiohead has released to date. Nothing quite comes close to it, not even Kid A or Ok Computer. Both great albums but are falling short in comparison. In Rainbows is it. The best albums from 2007 easily, and I forsee this being THE album from 2000-2010.earance. The song kills just about anything the band has done before as does the album.    Dare I say In Rainbows is the crowning achievement of Radiohead. It seems to me that this is what they have been working for their entire career. Don't get me wrong Im not saying at all that they should call it a day because of this one because I still hear a band that has plenty to accomplish and lots more room to grow. What I am saying however is that In Rainbows is the best thing Radiohead has released to date. Nothing quite comes close to it, not even Kid A or Ok Computer. Both great albums but are falling short in comparison. In Rainbows is it. The best albums from 2007 easily, and I forsee this being THE album from 2000-2010.
B000V1Y43W|4.0|While perhaps not Pixar's greatest work, Cars is definitely more than watchable, and the blu-ray presentation is simply top-notch.  Like most CGI movies, the transfer is absolutely beautiful, no grain, no artifacts just beautiful.  Vibrant and crisp colors really show off your television and make this movie a joy to behold.  Combine that with great sound and some pretty neat special features that are sure to keep the kids entertained and you are looking at one of Disney's best efforts in my opinion despite it not being the best movie to come from Pixar.     Picture (5/5)  Sound (5/5)  Extras (5/5)  Movie (3/5)
B00006878K|5.0|Albert King-Born Under A Bad Sign *****<br /><br />This is it, the album that changed everything. Up until this point it was white boys playing only trashy rock n' roll, but after the release of Born Under A Bad sign all the little white boys from England wanted to be blues musicians, especially the guitar players. With out Born Under A Bad sign Clapton, the Vaughn brothers, and Jimi Hendrix to just name a few would not have chosen the paths they chose. Instead they would have opted for a more straight forward rock sound (not to say that Clapton wouldnt do that anyways in the late '70s and 80's sadly).<br /><br />Taken from a collection of singles and released as one whole album finally in 1967 Born Under A Bad Sign was Albert Kings crowning achivement so to speak. Pun intended. This was the album that solidified him as a guitar power-house and making him the third King in the three king trilogy along side B.B. King and Freddie King.<br /><br />The album features and all star line up of Steve Cropper and Donald \\"Duck\\" Dunn on guitar and bass. Al Jackson jr. on Drums. The Memphis Horns (Wayne Jackson, Andrew Love, Joe Arnold). To top off the line up is the great Booker T. Jones and Isaac Hayes on the keys. Phenomonal. Easily the best blues line up ever assembled!<br /><br />Starting off with the title track, and legendary 'Born Under A Bad Sign' which is easily one of the top five blues numbers of all time. So good infact that in the mid 80's the hardcore band MDC (millions of dead cops) covered the song, and did a great job in fact. Killer cuts like 'Crosscut Saw' and 'Kansas City' keep things moving in an up beat manner complete with bleeding guitar. 'Oh, Pretty Woman' continues things. No not the Roy Orbison song, no, no, no, Kings 'Oh, Pretty Women' in my opinion is far superior. Possibly the very best song he ever recorded. A song that had a large influence over the Doors in the L.A. Woman period is 'Down Bother Me,' just a standard blues. 'The Hunter' is a rollicking number with a killer groove thanks to Al Jackson and Hayes. Now Albert King always said he thought of Born Under A Bad sign of more of a vocal album rather then a guitar album and for good reason, three of the albums best songs, 'I Almost Lost My Mind' 'As The Years Go Passing By' and the closer 'The Very Thought Of You' are very vocal. The guitar is there but the vocals are clearly the focal point of those tracks. Between those three are the gut wrenching 'Personal Manager' a song that should not be heard on a broken heart, and the severed wrist of a song, 'Laudromat Blues.'<br /><br />This is one blues album that even a regular rock fan would enjoy. Fans of Eric Clapton would love this album because you can see where he gained a lot of his classic guitar licks from. As far as the blues go, it doesn't get any better then Born Under A Bad Sign from the real king...Albert King!oove thanks to Al Jackson and Hayes. Now Albert King always said he thought of Born Under A Bad sign of more of a vocal album rather then a guitar album and for good reason, three of the albums best songs, 'I Almost Lost My Mind' 'As The Years Go Passing By' and the closer 'The Very Thought Of You' are very vocal. The guitar is there but the vocals are clearly the focal point of those tracks. Between those three are the gut wrenching 'Personal Manager' a song that should not be heard on a broken heart, and the severed wrist of a song, 'Laudromat Blues.'     This is one blues album that even a regular rock fan would enjoy. Fans of Eric Clapton would love this album because you can see where he gained a lot of his classic guitar licks from. As far as the blues go, it doesn't get any better then Born Under A Bad Sign from the real king...Albert King!
B000VBJEFK|5.0|This disc goes right along with all the previous Disney/Pixar releases that I have watched, and in fact just about every Disney release in general, of being absolutely perfect picture and sound quality.  Due to the fact that it is CGI, the HD transfer is absolutely perfect with 0 grain or artifacting, and amazingly vibrant colors, it really might be better than watching it at the theatre.  Combine that with the fact that this is one of Pixar's best offerings in awhile and you end up with a great movie to add to your collection and a great disc to show off you Blu-Ray player and HDTV!    Picture (5/5)  Sound (5/5)  Extras (4/5)  Movie (5/5)
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This DVD set is absolutely awesome! I bought this for my husband for his birthday and he loves it! My six year old loves it too!
B000VWYJ8Q|5.0|This is about as good a transfer as you are going to find on HD-DVD.  I watched it in 1080p and I am not sure I could find a single scene where I could complain about the quality.   Typically in most movies there are 1 or 2 scenes that just pop out because of how grainy they are, but not in this movie, I have watched it twice and cannot find anything to complain about, so if picture quality is the most important thing for you, look no further.    Oh, and did I mention its a great movie and a lot of fun to watch?  5 stars.
B000RL4GS4|5.0|I'm not gonna repeat others, suffice to say this record rocks & sounds really great. A lot of money was well spent on this.    The real strength of this band is their live show. America - you are gonna absolutely love these guys. I've seen them two times over abt 2 years here in Australia & the improvement has been immense. They are loud, energetic, down-to-earth, sound great, & have established a dedicated and fanatical following here at home. For many years I have not seen a pre-gig vibe like I saw for these guys last night.    Unlike The Darkness who promised much but failed to deliver, these guys know what they're on about & what they have to do. I feel the second or third album will break them world-wide, provided they keep improving the songs. This album will be seen as the classic debut that everyone missed at the time.    They are touring the States this year. Go & see them, you will NOT regret it.    Steve.
B000MRAAJM|4.0|First off let me say that if you haven't watched this series, do so.  It is an incredible series that really shows up the diversity and just pure beauty still available in some places here on Earth.    That being said the Blu-ray version of this series has its ups and downs.  Overall it is a fantastic experience with some truly breathtaking visuals that when seen in HD (especially full 1080p) are simply gorgeous.  What sound there is is done well enough, but let's face it, it's really all about the visuals, and while there an instances where it is incredible, there are also places on these discs where it is downright ugly.  Some of these scenes just have not made the jump to HD very well, coming out very grainy and with plenty of artifacting.  It's really very unfortunate since often these scenes are followed up directly by a scene shot in stunning detail that makes your jaw drop, which is why i can forgive it for the most part, because when taken as a whole, this series is simply amazing.
B000F3T7RE|3.0|It's hard to assign stars to this set because it's just a different approach from the three other sets I own (Borodin, Fitzwilliam, Brodsky]. Whereas the others tend to emphasize the dramatic, soulful, and sarcastic elements of the Shostakovich, the Emerson Quartet, to some extent, downplays these while moving through the music at a noticeably brisker tempo.<br /><br />The result is that some features of the music are newly revealed and others are obscured. The biggest difference is in tempo (the Emersons are without a doubt the speediest). After this, one notices the difference in virtuosity (the Emersons have technique to burn, not that there are glaring deficiencies in any of the other groups).<br /><br />The Emerson's don't make this music sound like Haydn by any stretch, but they do make it sound less anguished and spiritual. The flip side of this is that the music will seem less weird to listeners who don't crave anguished sounding string quartets.<br /><br />In the end, I keep going back to the readings that are starker and that highlight the perverse aspects of the music (at times it even reminds me of Carl Stalling's comic scores for the classic Warner Bros. cartoons). Shostakovich put a lot of humor into these pieces, and the mood often shifts rapidly between silly-sounding runs and heart-breaking, almost operatic melodies underpinned by beautiful, slow-moving harmonies. I like the readings that point up these contrasts; others may think the Emersons wisely avoid the temptation to over-dramatize the music and walk a more tasteful line.<br /><br />Also, my very favorite interpretations benefit from very careful studio engineering and a touch of reverb. Somehow, these works almost demand good sound and perfect balances to show what they are about; that's not alway the case (I'm often happy listening to historical piano recordings from the 1930s and 1940s, for example). The Emerson set is of course live, and while the sound is great for a concert recording, the instrumental voices are not as balanced as I'd like.<br /><br />While I wouldn't recommend this set to someone looking to experience this music for the first time, I'm glad it's available.ot as balanced as I'd like.    While I wouldn't recommend this set to someone looking to experience this music for the first time, I'm glad it's available.
B000YENUI6|2.0|I found this movie to be dragging really slowly for most of the time; example of project that could've been made into a decent movie, but failed. I guess that most of the production budget went towards paying 2 well-known actors, leaving nearly nothing for the rest of the movie. Most scenes alternate between inside of the restaurant owned by mob boss, at the curbside outside of the restaurant(where Naomi Watts parks her Ural bike - look at that amazing detail), on the stairs to this restaurant, and by the entrance door of the same restaurant. There was some pretty bad acting - KGB uncle for instance, but others too, and even the bad boy Kirrill didn't seem to be very convincing - maybe because being constantly drunk, but still.. Viggo Mortensen's reasonably decent acting couldn't save the movie unfortunately.    I'm finding this movie quite disappointing  - the characters were too shallow, the Russian accented english sounded dumb overall, and although the director managed to put some graphical violence into the movie (apparently to spice it up) it still didn't interrupt the very tired feel of this picture. If I hadn't paid $4.99 for this on pay-par-view, I probably switched channel after the first 60 minutes.    I'm giving this 2 stars in order to offset the flood of 4 and 5 star ratings.
0061122416|4.0|I found this book to be preachy but not over the top, and actually had quite a good story to go along with it.  I would highly recommend this great and quick read!
B000TLTUL0|5.0|Any new team up between long time collaborators Tim Burton and Johnny Depp is always cause for celebration. Nobody makes movies like these two when they get together. Now, it seems that no one makes musicals like they do either. \\"Sweeney Todd\\", based on the Stephen Sondheim musical, is a marvel of song, production, character, sets, design, and, oh yes, the red stuff. Hope you like it. It's here by the barrel. Like everyone else has said, Tim Burton was born to be the one to bring this dark musical to the big screen and give it another life. It's very much a \\"Tim Burton Film\\", but has it's own seperate feel to it that is unlike anything else this brilliant visionary has done. Let's start :    Benjamin Barker(Johnny Depp), was a normal man who had a beautiful wife and young baby daughter. The evil Judge Turpin(Alan Rickman), fancied the wife for himself. So, he gets Barker out of the way for good, and steps into the role Barker once was. Flash forward 15 years later, and a hardened Barker(complete with Bride Of Frankenstein-like white stripe in his hair)is back in London. He is already a damaged man, but snaps even further when he learns what has become of his wife and child, and who is behind it. He sets up shop above Ms. Lovett's(Helena Bonham Carter)pie shop, as a barber, where he plans to exact his revenge on all that did him wrong.    I like musicals, but I have never been one to jump and down in excitement whenever they make a new one. I have never seen the stage musical, but this film is more musical than anything else. There is more singing than there is dialogue, and while some of it is hard to understand, it all works. The music itself, the first time I am hearing any of it, is quite wonderful, dark, and beautiful at the same time. While some of the singers in the film may not be getting record deals after this, they are all adequate, and some a lot better than others. Johnny Depp is an actor who seems to be able to do it all, and his singing here may surprise some. Johnny's tone fits well with the kind of material he has to perform here, and it would of been an embarrasment if he couldn't sing well. Thankfully, he can. Bonham Carter is less impressive in her singing ability, but is brilliant in everything else. The best singers of the bunch are the young actors who play Depp's daughter, Toby, and the young sailor.    The cast is all brilliant here. Who else but Johnny Depp?. He is amazingly brilliant, and it's definitley a performance that has Oscar written all over it(and he got a nomination). One of my favorites here is Timothy Spall, who plays the Beadle. He looks so much like a character who would of been in that time and era. Everything about this character and Spall's performance was perfect and on the mark. Rickman, as Judge Turpin, is equally as good. He brings Judge Turpin to life. The young cast here were all well equipped to go head to head with the veterans.    In the end, \\"Sweeney Todd\\" is a masterwork. While a few other Burton movies will come before this, there is no doubt that this is a highlight for Burton as a feature film director. He continues to wow and amaze, and ST is more proof that this guy is a true visionary genius. Why he was denied an Oscar nomination for Best Director is unfathomable. Elsewhere, the movie delivers in storytelling, music, and blood. It's a rich and tragic story brought to glistening life by professionals at the top of their game, and crew members who bring 1860 London and it's inhabitants to life, as if you were really taking a time warp and glimpsing at their lives. The movie is a wonder, and it proves once again that the Depp/Burton combo can't be beat. Sweeney Todd is amazing.
B000089CJI|5.0|So, I've had \\"Give Up\\" for about 4 years now and have never stopped listening to it.  Jimmy Tamborello and Ben Gibbard are the Batman and Superman of music.  Delivering imagery lyrics with pop-addictive instrumentals, these songs evoke the ups and downs of an eternal romance we all hope to experience, in a way that's unusual but not obscure.      While the album is, obviously, about the music, which is fantastic, you can't mention these songs without describing the emotions of the lyrics AND the music.  While most of us are familiar with Gibbard, Tamborello strongly holds his own in administering the beats and sounds to emphasize the lyrics but could easily be enjoyed by themselves.      With accompanying vocals provided by Wonder Woman and Hawkgirl (Jenny Lewis and Jen Wood), every song is a nearly perfect orchestration of sound, feeling and imagination.  While, I'm sure that most people are introduced to today's \\"indie music\\" scene with this album, it really is a classic and highly recommended.    Also, I suggest checking out Tamborello's other band, Figurine or James Figurine.  If you're a PS fan, you'll definitely be able to pick out 1 or 10 songs from these albums; especially, since Dntel is a bit rougher to jump into.    My favs in order (although, they tend to jump around by my mood), although nothing scores less than a 9.5.     1. The District Sleeps Alone Tonight   2. Brand New Colony   3. Clark Gable   4. Natural Anthem   5. We Will Become Silhouettes   6. Recycled Air   7. This Place Is A Prison   8. Such Great Heights   9. Sleeping In  10. Nothing Better
B000EMGAOY|4.0|different from there last release which had some deep songs! this release has all good songs, a couple better than the rest, storm in a teacup, desrigation smile, hump de bump are my favorites here. the guitar work is good here but I just get the feeling that he is being kept back at really letting loose on the guitar!! I m hopeing on the next cd the band lets him do his thing, you never know we could have another rhsm!! Getting back to the review, most of the cd is kind of mellow with Anthony singing slower harmonys nothing like suck my kiss!!! What I really appreciate here is the double cd which was really great of the band to do! Im realy interested in what direction the band will go next mellower or heavier ?
B00005BL2A|1.0|I consider myself a huge Depeche Mode fan and this album is just terrible. There is not one redeeming song on it. I was severely disappointed. Buy Playing the Angel, Violator, A Broken Frame, Some Great Reward, anything other than this.
B000EULJLU|5.0|Now this is how a band should sound!! I dont know why im even writing this review but anyway this is up there with back in black, led zep 4,number of the beast!! Are you getting it!??! This cd ROCKS LIKE NO OTHER CD IN THIS DECADE! PERIOD!!
B00104W8T6|1.0|This soundtrack is simply unlistenable.  It seems that most of the \\"musicians\\" on this album realize Bob Dylan hasn't written a decent song in forty years, and are trying to make up for that.  Unfortunately, they've come up with \\"songs\\" that are worse than anything Dylan's thrown away.  I'm sorry, but the Greenwich Village folk scene is over.  As far as \\"anti-folk\\" goes... well, that's just ridiculous on so many levels.    I've yet to see the movie, but I've heard it's quite good.  Perhaps a music-less cut will be made available.  That would certainly be better than being subjected to \\"indie\\" music in an \\"indie\\" film.    I miss the days when a film was actually scored by someone with at least a rudimentary knowledge of music history and theory.
0385512058|1.0|This is nothing but an \\"I\\" book. Mr.Ferrazz\\"I\\" just toots his own horn. \\"I\\" this and \\"I\\" that.
B00005QW5X|5.0|Sing along, now:  My sex change operation got botched; my guardian angel fell asleep on the watch; now all I got is a Barbie doll crotch; I've got an angry inch!<br /><br />And there you have it.  Some of the wittiest, most outrageously delicious lines fall from the lips of Hedwig, the loveliest Eastern Berlin glam-Bloc girly boy to ever fall in love with an American soldier, only to become the angriest inch in the Junction City, Kansas trailer park.  Abandoned by hir new husband, Hedwig becomes a sensation in hir own mind, touring local restaurants with hir band comprised of Korean Army wives.  Along the way Hedwig meets and befriends a young Christian boy.  Hedwig falls in love.  The boy, Tommy Gnosis, steals all of hir songs and becomes a sellout rockstar.<br /><br />If that thread of the story wasn't sad, humorous and compelling enough on its own, the animated interweaving of Aristophanes' speech in Plato's Symposium is beautifully spun.  It is that smooth rendering against the garish and, angry world of Hedwig that the real story of transformation emerges.  Resting solely on the fluid dynamic of sexuality, it's easy to go into this film with that in focus as the prevailing theme.  Hedwig's effort to recreate hir desired body shape results in a state of being that requires perhaps even more self-acceptance than the original did.  However, in hir relationship with Tommy the question of acceptance becomes one of a more intangible nature:  can one live without one's soul complement?  If not can one make the changes in oneself in order to live with one's soul complement?<br /><br />So we wrapped our arms around each other,<br />Trying to shove ourselves back together.<br />We were making love,<br />Making love.<br />It was a cold dark evening,<br />Such a long time ago,<br />When by the mighty hand of Jove,<br />It was the sad story<br />How we became<br />Lonely two-legged creatures,<br />It's the story of<br />The origin of love.<br />That's the origin of love.
B0000CDL93|4.0|Oliver Stone, a brilliant liberal film director with a skewed anti-American political agenda, is mildly entertaining at best but usually offensive to reason, truth, and fact.  The old saying of 'never letting the facts get in the way of a good story' is certainly applicable here with the JFK film.  Costner is great (as usual), but one can't stop thinking that possibly the supporting cast (all leftists by design) have an agenda similar to that of Stone.  If you really want the facts and the factual history about the assasination of JFK, do some literary research on your own.  Start with Posner's 'Case Closed'.  After you've assimilated that, read the Warren Commision Report.  The bottom line is this:  Lee Oswald was the only shooter; he also killed Ofcr. Tippet; Oswald was a leftist, Lenninist, Marxist communist.  The Left simply refuses to believe or consider that one of their own (Oswald) could possibly have commited such a heinous crime.  It must have been a Right-wing conspiracy! (sound familiar?)  Anyway, as far as FICITIONAL entertainment goes, this film JFK is every bit as good as 'Wayne's World', 'Animal House', or 'Cabin Boy'.  Just don't confuse this film with the truth.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|While the series pilot had a plothole or two, on the whole it was a good introduction to the world of the Winchesters, a family of ghost and demon hunters who got into the business after a family tragedy. It also introduces us to the style of the series, and some continuing storylines involving family conflict, monsters of the week, their family's long running hunt for a mysterious killer, and Sam and Dean learning to deal with one another as brothers and hunting partners.     The first season is rather uneven, focusing largely on cases the brothers find themselves on, with bits of family history woven in during the early episodes. Around midseason however the larger family arc starts kicking in and the season closes with several strong episodes where some long awaited issues get addressed and the final scenes lead to one of the strongest season cliffhangers around. You'll definitely want to start watching S2 once you get to the end.     There are numerous deleted scenes here, marked by scissors icons on each episode they belong to.  Viewers also have the option of turning off the introductory recaps that are attached to each episode, (although one may want to keep the one for the season finale).  There are also some enjoyable commentaries, although one could have hoped for more, especially since they are for early episodes.  There are also some entertaining documentary features and, of course, the gag reel.  On the whole a good set.
B00006EXCC|5.0|I really enjoy this collection of Rolling Stones songs.  I have the belief the band was at their very best in the late 60's during the pop and psychedelic blues rock/country rock period of their career (and just before) and starting with Let It Bleed, they went downhill (a little).      This album has nothing but one catchy pop hook after another, and I couldn't be happier.  It also has pretty and delicate songs such as \\"Lady Jane\\" and \\"I Am Waiting\\", which are songs that are sure to please those who love \\"Ruby Tuesday\\" and \\"As Tears Go By\\".  The long version of \\"Out of Time\\" is much appreciated as well.  A classic.    \\"Mother's Little Helper\\" is still one of the Stones very best pop songs.  Love it.  I really like the entire album.  The only problem is that the disc doesn't work with every CD player.  I have a Sony CD player that's about 15 years old, and the disc refuses to work.  I don't know what to do about that.  It appears to work with every other CD player I have though.  Be careful about this.
B000WTDGD2|4.0|...but I think this episode does well enough.  Although S2 didn't end with the sort of cliffhanger that S1 did, there were certainly a number of plot threads viewers would be expecting to see raised.  Most of them are.  The effect of the hellgate being opened, Bobby's increasing partnership with the Winchesters, the fallout from Dean's deal, and the fallout from their mixed success at the hellgate are all addressed while raising expectations for what's to come.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|The season opens strongly with an episode that takes up directly after the S1 cliffhanger and provides still more twists and turns. While there continues to be unevenness in the writing, there are some stellar episodes this season and the show veers more heavily into the family and myth arc side of the show.     Some real standouts include the episodes Nightshifter, Crossroad Blues, the season opener In My Time of Dying and the alternate-universe episode, What Is and What Should Never Be. Other frequent favorites are the more humor centered Tall Tales and Hollywood Babylon, or the more angst-ridden Born Under a Bad Sign and Heart.     The season wraps up with some payoffs for long-time viewers and at least one major surprise that will kick off an arc for Season 3.     One disappointment with the disc set is that there weren't more commentaries included.  For example there are 4 people on the commentary for episode 1 the director a producer and both stars. It's unfortunate that they didn't decide to spread out these individuals to cover different episodes as it would have been easier for conversation and discussion to continue without interruptions, or even for banter to continue without being cut short.  The commentaries were definitely a highlight of the S1 discs and could have been expanded on here.    As in the S1 discs there is an entertaining gag reel included.  There are also numerous mini-features on both the folklore and filming tidbits of most of the season's episodes on the final disc, although some viewers may have trouble finding or navigating through this feature to locate the  brief documentary on the filming of the season finale.    There are fewer deleted scenes on this disc than S1, whether because they weren't included or whether the writers are getting better at timing the scripts, who knows.  On the whole the extra features are a plus, and there's been more done than for S1.
B000VI70WM|3.0|There's some good material here, and it tends to grow on you with repeated listens.  \\"Falling Down\\" is an appealing song that deserves to go into regular rotation with their many other hits.  \\"Nite Runner\\" is a song without much to it, but perhaps its repetitiveness is actually part of the plot to make you nod along.      One thing that is striking is that the album begins with several songs which are not particular standouts -- \\"The Valley\\" and \\"Red Carpet Massacre.\\"  The latter is more in line with the group's classic sound. However compared to some material that comes along later such as Box Full O'Honey and Dirty Great Monster, they really are some of the stronger songs.     It's unfortunate because the band's previous album, \\"Astronaut\\" had an interesting collection of material that ranged around in sound and demonstrated that the band was still perfectly capable of turning out new hits and a good pop sound.  This album has a more unified sound, but unfortunately that sound isn't all that interesting.  This is probably best enjoyed as individual song purchases rather than a whole album.
B000JJSJR8|5.0|I purchased this after reading a review that regards it as one of the best 8mm to hd dvd transfers. Wow, was it right! The color from the opening scene was brilliant; it captured the full Las Vegas ambience in superb detail. The architechure couldn't look more real and its well-lighted signature has never been written to film better. Oh yeah, the sound was nothing to fall asleep on, too. In short, this is a must-add to your hd dvd library.
1565847873|4.0|Though this was the second book in the series, it was the sixth to be translated into English.  Unless you lived through the Cold War and the transition time of the early nineties, you will not understand this book.  In 1991, two men wash up on the Skane shore of Sweden.  They are in a life raft with no ship markings.  Both men are well dressed in Western European clothing, and have both been tortured and shot in the heart.  Their dental work is Eastern European.  So how did they get to Sweden?    When Inspector Wallendar is called in on this case, he has little to go on, and then some one steals the life-raft out of the Police Station.  When the men are tracted to Latvia, a Major in their national police force comes to Sweden to help out the inquiry.  On the day that he returns to Latvia, he is murdered, and their police request Wallendar's help. From here, the story turns into a thriller and the mystery becomes involved in politics and the changing political situation in the Soviet Union.      The rest of the story needs to be read, not summarized.  They is only one weakness in the story and most readers will be able to figure that out.  But, I'm curious to see how this 'affair' will effect Wallendar down the road in later novels.
0374280967|5.0|What a delightful little book for book lovers. I found it extremely easy to read & very interesting. The 'uncommon reader' is the Queen no less, who stumbles upon a travelling library & becomes fascinated with reading & literature much to the disgust of her 'minders'. The book is also a very interesting comment on the monarch's 'minders' & what they feel is best for the Queen. One wonders if the Queen herself was sent a copy, & more interestingly .. did she read it?! I rate this book up there with Anne Fadiman's 'Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader'
0143038419|5.0|Eat. Pray, Love was one woman's thoughtful and introspective look into her inner self.  It is a journey few of us willingly undertake due to the time and depth it requires of us.  I could identify with her feelings and her excesses.  It was very real and made me look into myself to find my true beliefs.[[ASIN:0143038419 Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia]]
0525950079|5.0|\\"World Without End\\" is a most worthy follow-up to \\"Pillars of the Earth,\\" which is one of my favorite books. This strikes me as odd since I have no particular interest in the Middle Ages. Like \\"Pillars,\\" this book is an enthralling adventure filled with love, heroism, treachery, history and deftly intermingled plots. After spending a week reveling in its thousand pages, I miss it now that it's over.    While Follett's cast always leaps vividly from the pages, the highlight is his magic in creating strong, larger-than-life female characters. In \\"Pillars\\" it was Aliena and Ellen, in \\"World Without End\\" it's Caris and Gwenda. While I might give \\"Pillars\\" the ever-so-slightest edge over \\"World Without End,\\" this sequel has such a perfectly inspired ending that comparisons are unnecessary. Both books are epic works of creative genius.
B000W8OM5Y|4.0|Although the movie is historically interesting and well acted, parents should be cautioned. Battle scenes are gory and the torture of Wallace made me squirm.
B000H5V8DG|1.0|I decided to buy this product new to avoid scratches and other complications.  Nevertheless, every single disc I have watched so far is scratched or covered in glue.  Not one disc has been able to play properly.  But how do you return a DVD once you've opened the plastic packaging??   Either no standards have gone into making this DVD or I got a used DVD that was re-wrapped. I am not very impressed.     While the show itself is awesome and incredibly addictive, the format makes it frustrating to watch.  If I could go back, I would not have bought this DVD.  I'd rather buy a PVR and record re-runs.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|I have purchase this version of Jane Austin's Persuasion for myself and two daughters.  We have seen other takes but prefer this screen-play.  A must see for Jane Austin fans!
B0011NVC9I|4.0|The Good Things:<br />-CGI animation looks gorgeous; it's better than \\"The Polar Express\\" and probably on the same level as the \\"Final Fantasy\\" films.<br />-Excellent action scenes (especially the final dragon fight).<br />-Plenty of vivid imagery.<br />-The cast is good; everybody seems to fit their characters well.  The characters were fairly well-developed.<br />-The story was pretty good.  Even though it ends ambiguously, it focuses well on the cause and effect of Beowulf's sins.<br />-It remained accurate to Norse culture and mythology (and I don't think there are enough movies out there with Norse stuff!).<br />-Music was good.<br /><br />The Bad Things:<br />-Though I don't know anything about the original poem, I'm sure this is totally different.<br />-The movie feels a little shallow, since a lot happens in a short amount of time (suddenly, Beowulf is king and twenty years pass...).  More details could have been helpful.<br />-Animation still seems a little stiff in some areas.<br />-Beowulf seems to shout \\"I am Beowulf!!!\\" about twenty times...<br />-Contains graphic violence and mature material that would not be appropriate for young kids (and this unrated cut may be worse).<br />-The ending is very abrupt (although this could be a good thing, since it makes you wonder what could happen next).<br /><br />Much like \\"Troy,\\" this movie is entertaining and is mostly accurate to history and culture; but it doesn't focus on keeping true to the original story or maintaining realism.  Don't expect this to be as great as \\"Braveheart\\" or even \\"300;\\" it's more like \\"Final Fantasy\\" Norse style.  I think it's cool, and would reccomend it to anybody who likes fantasy action.
B000OBYLVO|4.0|About two women with broken romances that exchange houses for 2 weeks at Christmas time to get away from their problems.  It starts out slow and cliche, but by the middle of the movie your hooked. Jude Law is Hot - and charming. Diaz and Law make a great couple. Winslet is sweet and Jack Black is funny (of course).
6305513406|4.0|WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE<br />4 STARS - THE REAL FIRST TOS EPISODE, AND ITS A GOOD ONE<br /><br />The \\"Cage\\" was the very original TOS episode, that never made it on tv (though it was released eventually to home video as \\"The Cage\\" and also integrated into the 2-parter \\"The Menagerie\\" which comes along a little later in this first season). The Cage episode featured a cast and crew that was rejected, except for Leonard Nimoy as Mr. Spock.  Star Trek eventually was granted the opportunity to try again, and made it to the network, though it's first aired episode was \\"The Man Trap\\".  Unfortunately many of the episodes aired out of order, but upon home releases (such as this 2 episode set) are the first two episodes in proper order.  Some obvious elements in Where No Man Has Gone Before give it away that this is an earlier episode than The Man Trap.  One, the uniforms are much simpler, and have yet to evolve to all those colors.  Two, no Dr. McCoy yet onboard.  The episode succeeds, and quite well, actually coming off as one of the stronger episodes I have seen in the entire 3 season run.<br /><br />Gary Mitchell is the highlight in this episode, and the only episode you will see him in.  His character was rather likeable (even before his villainous transformation) and I could actually see him fitting in as a member of the crew on a regular basis.  We discover this helm office has been close friends with Captain Kirk for the past 15 years.  As the Enterprise answers to a distress call from within some kind of space forcefield, an electrical charge attacks two crewmen - one Dr. Dana, and the other, Gary Mitchell.  Rather quickly, this shock transforms Mitchell into a god-like entity, craving power by the minute as he continually strenghens mentally and physically.  Kirk is forced to wrestle with his feelings and kill his best friend, before he kills the crew.<br /><br />Considering this is the first episode of TOS, it is very well made (just try comparing it to most season 3 episodes!).  Gary Mitchell is likeable, both as a regular crewman and as the villain.  Kirk is already forced to deal with a difficult issue.  Even some of the effects (though very cheesy today) were quite astounding for a television series in its time.  A definte must own for any Trekkie out there.<br /><br />Acting - 3.5<br />Action - 3.5<br />Characters - 4.5<br />Story - 4<br />Overall - 4<br /><br />THE CORBOMITE MANEUVER<br />4 STARS - [3.5] LOOKS CAN BE DECEIVING<br /><br />The Corbomite Maneuver is a perfect example of an extremely cheesy episode for today's viewing pleasure versus the effectiveness of its original release date.  It is a fairly simple story that actually holds out well.  Perhaps you may recall an alien figure with a rather tall, stretched face who almost always appeared as one of the clips shown during the end credits of every Star Trek episode.  This is the episode that features that alien.  Almost laughable today, when this episode originally aired the alien figure made a frightening impact.  I remember the first time I saw this episode as a kid, the image remained in my head for years.  The irony of the episode is that the intelligence behind the force holding the Enterprise at bay throughout the episode is not the menacing alien, but \\"Balok\\" played by Clint Howard.<br /><br />About 85% of this episode takes place on the bridge, making it appear a very slow watch.  The mystery behind the oposing force is the interest here.  The massive size of the alien vessel and snippets of the alien figure on the viewscreen make the situation more frightening.  But Kirk pulls a rabbit out of his hat, or actually in this case, plays a game of poker to defeat the present scenario.  Kirk, McCoy and crewman Baine beam over to the alien vessel, discovering the surprsing truth of it all.<br /><br />This is definetly a classic episode of the series that fans will easily reconize, while non-fans may not discover much from it.  The moral of the story...looks can be deceiving and sometimes its good to go against the odds.<br /><br />Acting - 3<br />Action - 3<br />Characters - 4<br />Story - 3.5<br />Overall - 3.5ction - 3  Characters - 4  Story - 3.5  Overall - 3.5
0307237702|5.0|I read this book as an Australian with an interest in American presidential politics. Yes, Barack Obama has been appearing on my international political radar for over a year, but compared to (say) Hillary Clinton or Rudy Giuliani he was largely unknown.<br /><br />What a pleasure, then, to pick up a well-written thoughtful book that tells me a little about the man but a lot more about his values, views and aspirations for the USA.  Much of what he writes makes sense.  Many of the issues he writes of transcend politics as they go to the heart, I think, of the USA's national identity.<br /><br />In whatever capacity he serves, Senator Obama has much to offer.  I especially enjoyed his chapters on 'Our Constitution', 'Opportunity' and 'The World Beyond Our Borders'.  His meeting with Senator Byrd resonates with me as one of the highlights.  I now want to read Senator Byrd's Senate histories.<br /><br />I am glad I read this book, and would recommend it to anyone who either wants to know more about Senator Obama or about some of the macro-level issues currently facing the USA.<br /><br />Jennifer Cameron-Smith
0060825219|1.0|Having loved The Alchemist, I was excited to read The Zahir.  However, after 100 pages more or less, I found the writing to be repetitive, the main character a self-absorbed, whining boor (If I were Esther, I'd leave him, too) and the whole venture with Mikhail, the supposed lover of Esther, meaningless.  I did not finish the book because I felt it was going nowhere.  Having spent the whole summer reading Bleak House (and loving it because there was a story there), I just couldn't waste any more time trying to finish The Zahir.  I won't give up on Coelho, though.  The Valkyries is of interest to me basically for its regional appeal (the Mojave desert) so I will try again to see if there is a story there.
B000F8O2OM|5.0|When we last left Our Heroes, they were on Apophis' ship, facing the impending destruction and/or enslavement of everyone on Earth.<br /><br />So unsurprisingly, the second season of \\"Stargate SG-1\\" can only get better from there on. In fact, this is when the clever, innovative sci-fi series really started to gel together, with more intriguing storylines, character arcs, and some new alien allies -- basically, it all blooms.<br /><br />Intending to blow up Apophis' ship, our heroes get captured by the Jaffa and thrown in a cell -- only to be unexpectedly rescued by Bra'tac (Tony Amendola), Teal'c's old teacher. As Earth mounts a pitiful defense against the Goa'uld, SG-1 joins with a small band of rebel Jaffa to stop Apophis' invasion -- but they may have to leave one of their number behind.<br /><br />Obviously the Goa'uld make things awkward throughout the season, with the second episode featuring Sam (Amanda Tapping) being possessed by a Goa'uld during a rescue mission -- but it seems that it's part of a rebel Goa'uld faction called the Tok'ra. Teal'c's (Christopher Judge) son is kidnapped and brainwashed, and Daniel (Michael Shanks) finds that his beloved wife is pregnant with Apophis' child.<br /><br />And of course, SG-1 has to deal with lots of other stuff -- insectile transformations, black holes, prison planets, Native American \\"spirits,\\" invisible bugs, hostile alien orbs, reliving their most traumatic memories in a VR world, and time traveling to 1969. And O'Neill (Richard Dean Anderson) gets an ancient repository of knowledge downloaded into his head -- and he'll die if they can't reverse it.<br /><br />\\"Stargate SG-1\\" really got into its stride in the second season -- the basic Air-Force-versus-evil-headsnakes story gets expanded out into a bunch of arcs. We get new villains, some surprising new allies, hints about the true origins of the Stargates and the human race, and corrupt factions on Earth who use the spare Stargate for evil ends.<br /><br />The writing gets even steadier and the alien worlds more interesting -- even stuff that sounds goofy, like the planet of singing mushroom-people, somehow works. The drama is stronger, and the sci-fi usage of the Stargate ever more creative, such as when a black hole's gravity well keeps the gate open, and is slowly sucking Earth through the wormhole. Good, tense stuff.<br /><br />Of course, all the action and sci-fi is heavily tempered with comedy. Even in grim situations, there's usually at least a few funny moments, such as Daniel's tour of the custodial closet.  And of course, the dialogue is priceless -- most of the good stuff comes from O'Neill (\\"That's between you and your god. Oh, wait a minute! You are your god! That's a problem\\"), but Teal'c (\\"In my culture, I would be well within my rights to dismember you\\") and the others usually get some good ones as well.<br /><br />Of the main cast, Amanda Tapping gets the juiciest role in this season -- Sam deals with the impending death of her father, becoming a Goa'uld host, and trying to deal with the feelings it left behind. Including a cute Tok'ra boyfriend. Yet when we see Sam's vulnerable sides, Tapping never lets her character be anything but a strong, capable military woman.<br /><br />But the other actors aren't neglected -- Shanks' Daniel grapples with the news that his wife is pregnant with Apophis' baby, while Teal'c faces losing his entire family. Anderson is brilliant as the quirky, capable O'Neill, but he really gets brilliant when Jack's brain is being overwritten -- he has to emote and communicate without a comprehensible word.<br /><br />The second season of \\"Stargate SG-1\\" is where the story began to really get great, building up a series of strong story arcs, funny dialogue, and strong characters. Definitely a must-see.more interesting -- even stuff that sounds goofy, like the planet of singing mushroom-people, somehow works. The drama is stronger, and the sci-fi usage of the Stargate ever more creative, such as when a black hole's gravity well keeps the gate open, and is slowly sucking Earth through the wormhole. Good, tense stuff.    Of course, all the action and sci-fi is heavily tempered with comedy. Even in grim situations, there's usually at least a few funny moments, such as Daniel's tour of the custodial closet.  And of course, the dialogue is priceless -- most of the good stuff comes from O'Neill (\\"That's between you and your god. Oh, wait a minute! You are your god! That's a problem\\"), but Teal'c (\\"In my culture, I would be well within my rights to dismember you\\") and the others usually get some good ones as well.    Of the main cast, Amanda Tapping gets the juiciest role in this season -- Sam deals with the impending death of her father, becoming a Goa'uld host, and trying to deal with the feelings it left behind. Including a cute Tok'ra boyfriend. Yet when we see Sam's vulnerable sides, Tapping never lets her character be anything but a strong, capable military woman.    But the other actors aren't neglected -- Shanks' Daniel grapples with the news that his wife is pregnant with Apophis' baby, while Teal'c faces losing his entire family. Anderson is brilliant as the quirky, capable O'Neill, but he really gets brilliant when Jack's brain is being overwritten -- he has to emote and communicate without a comprehensible word.    The second season of \\"Stargate SG-1\\" is where the story began to really get great, building up a series of strong story arcs, funny dialogue, and strong characters. Definitely a must-see.
B000Y7U98W|3.0|I thought there was a lot of great eye-candy when watching this via blu-ray. However, what could have been a great movie about heroes trying to save mankind turned into a claustrophobic movie with a crazed killer during the second half which just ruined it...    In short, I'd say it's okay to watch once, but it's not one that I'd care to see again.    It could have been much better if they had stayed more scientifically accurate, had more intelligent dialog, and got rid of the stupid psycho-killer garbage.
B000H2MTUA|4.0|\\"When I look back on my childhood I wonder how I managed to survive at all. It was, of course, a miserable childhood: the happy childhood is hardly worth your while. Worse than the ordinary miserable childhood is the miserable Irish childhood and worse yet is the miserable Irish Catholic childhood.\\"  And so the story begins.  Taking place during the Great Depression and WW II, Frank McCourt does a remarkable job of reflecting on the harsh times he and his family experienced in his memoir, Angela's Ashes.  Born in Brooklyn, New York, Frank was introduced to a life filled with trouble and doubt; anger and tragedy.  When he was just four years old, Frank's parents, Angela and Malachy, move back to Ireland, ultimately ending up in Limerick.  Hoping to get a fresh start in Ireland, Angela is then disappointed when Malachy consistently drinks away the dole money, leaving her to beg at local charities and organizations.  Things only get worse when Frank recalls seeing his baby sister die in his mother's arms, and not soon after his younger brother, Oliver, dies of a cold and Angela goes through stages of depression.  Frank and his mother clearly see their father's flaws; his selfishness and arrogance, though they are forgiving and eventually always offer him more chances.  The McCourt's begin to grow weary; poverty has stricken their family and much of Ireland.  When the McCourt's have decided they no longer can live in their tiny apartment with one lavatory for many families next to their doorway, they unanimously decide it is time for Malachy to travel to England for the more apparent opportunities that do not exist in Ireland.  Anxiously planning how they will spend the money their father sends home the first week, the McCourt children are thwarted when the telegram boy has nothing for them; and does not for the next few weeks.  When the times get tougher, Frank and his family are forced to move in with their cousin, who they soon learn is abusive.  When Frank learns that his cousin and his mother are having sex, he finds it hard to look at his mother the same way, so he decides to run away.  Ultimately, Frank fulfills his dream at the end of the text, and he opens a new chapter of his life with an optimistic view.    Though this astounding memoir focuses on terrible times the McCourt family lived through, McCourt writes with humor and sarcasm to lighten the reading.  He portrays the disappointment, tragedy, and special bond this family shares exceptionally through the text.  McCourt adds dole and ironic humor to his devastating past, \\"Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. It's been a minute since my last confession.\\"  He characterizes each family member and acquaintance through aggressive dialogue and unique mannerisms.    McCourt hits a home run with this book in every way, as he reflects on the tragic past of his childhood.  You will shut this book with knowledge of a difficult time in history for Ireland, and empathy and appreciation for those who struggled greatly.  Ultimately, it is truly a page turner that leaves you thirsting for more.      Nina Demmerle         Greenwich, Connecticut
B000NA1OXY|2.0|I liked Avril's first two CDs and was looking forward to this one. But I have only one word to say about it - why?!    There are a few decent songs - \\"When You're Gone\\" and \\"Innocence\\". The rest of the tracks are just BAD. Avril is still singing songs that a 16 year old would sing. That was okay when that was her age group; but she really needs to grow up now.     Avril comes across as a snotty brat with a too-high opinion of herself on this album.    My advice - skip it and buy \\"Let Go\\" or \\"Under My Skin\\". While these aren't top-notch albums, they're still good, and WAY better than this \\"effort\\".
B000ETQPYM|3.0|I DID enjoy this book, but I was expecting it to totally WOW me to the point of wanting to share it with every reader I know. It did not do that.  The book was over 500 pages, but so light and easy that I read it in 2 sittings.  The concept of receiving wonderful letters of encouragement from one's departed young husband is a clever one.  Ahern's character's are well drawn, lively, fun and engaging.  I wanted to know what each month's letter (they only arrive for the first year) would entail and include.  The author answered my curiosity but it was just never enough.  Perhaps it was that this book was her first effort, and for that I should give it 5 stars.  But I so loved Love, Rosie (in the U.S) or Rosie Dunn (in Europe) and I never felt this book engaged me to the same degree.  It is a great book if you are going on a plane, or sitting on a beach.  Light fluff, good for some laughs and raw emotion.  Just don't expect fine literature, beautifully written passages, or much to be remembered.
0767834739|5.0|Perhaps the only movie that could come in with lower expectations of an adaptation of a video game is the sequel to an adaptation of a video game.  Despite (or perhaps because of?) such low expectations, the movie was remarkably well done.  The twists and turns of the plot were interesting, and not 100% predictable.  There was advancement of the broader story line of the t-virus:  A bioweapon that happens to turn the infected into flesh eating zombies.  Sounds simplistic?  Well, the story has more to it than that.    Even from a non-zombie afficianado, it was a sequel worth watching.  Not a Casblanca classic, but perhaps in 20 years this will still be watched as a cult classic.
B00004TS0E|5.0|I bought this because I love watching this movie around the Christmas season, I've seen it multiple times on TV, but I missed it this year. So I went out to buy it and couldn't find it. I love both versions and would recommend this movie and the original to ANYONE!!!
B000VNMMR0|4.0|The most over the top of the Die Hard movies - this contains the most unrealistic stunts, the most convoluted plot, and the least believable turns of events - basically everything we've come to see in a Die Hard movie.    The plot (terrorists taking about the electric, electronic and transportation infrastucture, at first appearing idealistice but ultimately in it for the money) doesn't really hold to logic, but it isn't meant to be.  For a movie like this, it's just an excuse to link chase scenes and gunfights together.    Bruce Willis sometimes comes off as \\"the guy from Shield\\" in this movie - though it's arguable which was the chicken and which the egg.   The supporting cast had some interesting choices:  \\"The Apple Guy\\" makes an appearance as a hacker, Kevin Smith plays a very convincing uber-hacker and Maggie Q leverages her HK action credentials as a Kung Fu fighting computer hacker.  (Apologies for the repeated use of \\"Hacker\\" but this is the most technophobic flick since War Games!)    Not a \\"Must See\\" movie by any event, but if you liked the style of the first three Die Hard films, this is certainly up that alley.  Enjoy!
B000UR9T82|5.0|Excellent video quality on my Sony player, good price for the Trilogy and shipping/delivery of the goods was just superb.    Eduardo.
B000VH3FV8|5.0|Anything 'Luther' pleases me, and \\"Love, Luther\\" did not disappoint me. The personal information about this fantastic artist was informative, funny, poignant, and insightful. Thank you for making this Luther collection available to me!
0143038419|5.0|I caught about a minute of Elizabeth Gilbert's appearance on Oprah, noted the title of her \\"Eat, Pray, Love\\" book and didn't think much more about it until I saw it on the shelf in a local bookstore and bought it.<br /><br />I'm SO pleased that I bought the book before reading or being dissuaded by the negative reviews here on Amazon ... as I absolutely LOVED it.<br /><br />Gilbert's writing flows from beginning to end and her sense of humor is so delightful that I frequently found myself laughing aloud at her descriptions and perceptions.<br /><br />It's not surprising that those who perceive her motives and actions negatively didn't 'get it'.<br /><br />Those with open minds and less inclined to judge others will fully appreciate Gilbert's adventures.
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|One of the best movies of the year! Something both women and men can enjoy.  The music is amazing.
B000002UAX|4.0|There are many double-albums which beg for that proverbial woulda-made-a-great-single-album: here is one of them (everybody's got at least a few heavily padded doubles that shoulda been singles): as I recall the Drummer Formerly With Rory Storm And The Hurricanes expressed the same sentiment.<br />Paul dominates the record, still cutting loose, showing no signs of disinterest; John still bats clean-up, as every single note he sings or plays has musical *and* poetic value (\\"Julia\\" especially is quintessential Beatles, a stunningly georgous song, which mysteriously was not picked up by the Folk and middle-of-the-road balladeers of the day; and in a completely different mood and seting we have the serio-comic \\"Happiness Is A Warm Gun\\", employing some inspired true doo-wop style); George has *three* lead vocals (what a shame that \\"Not Guilty\\" was not used where something like \\"Revolution 9\\" was; Ringo has two lead vocals, both excellent by the way; his harmony on \\"The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill\\" is beautiful.<br />(Love to hear Groucho Marx do this one: calling Shirley Maclaine).<br />There's alot of presumptive George Martin heavy orchestrating - sounds fine on the sleepy (pause) finale, \\"Good Night\\" (was this the group that closed their shows with \\"Long Tall Sally\\" or \\"I'm Down\\"?) and some others. Yes, and talking about near over-production, I discovered, by applying my stereo-mono headphones and switching to mono (somehow losing about 85% of the right channel with piano and drums),<br />that \\"Back In The U.S.S.R.\\" sounds even better with surging bass and rhythm and guitars and muted percussion - it becomes Chuck Berry meets the Beach Boys.<br />Forty years ago this set was, if memory serves, premiered in New York City by Murray Kaufman, who played the whole album, to the tri-state area and 13,000 reel to reel tape recorders with an external mike pressed against one speaker and Mothers saying, What are you doing in there, the spaghetti's ready! The Dee-jay Formerly Known As \\"Murray The 'K' was mystified about the phrase \\"stupid get\\". In 2008, I can say, as a lifelong Beatles' fan, that it meant nothing beyond the sound of the words. Like most of their material. \\"Hidden meanings\\"? C'mon!<br />As I wrote, Paul dominates and so does his musical alter-ego Little Richard Penniman. Those high-pitched staccato runs really add something to \\"Back In The U.S.S.R\\", \\"On-La-Di, Ob-La-Da\\", \\"Why Don't We Do It In The Road?\\", and \\"Helter Skelter\\". While the \\"cute one\\" was thrilling listeners at home and abroad with these fresh new perennials, Mr. Penniman was enduring some noisy, non-commercial rock and soul sides for the Brunswick label.<br />There's a wonderful snippet of sound tagged onto that miserably indulgent \\"Revolution 9\\", something presumptively titled \\"Can You Take Me Back?\\". This minimalist opus is what it's all about - listen in mono to the whole album - when you get to this one....switch to stereo.ray The 'K' was mystified about the phrase \\"stupid get\\". In 2008, I can say, as a lifelong Beatles' fan, that it meant nothing beyond the sound of the words. Like most of their material. \\"Hidden meanings\\"? C'mon!  As I wrote, Paul dominates and so does his musical alter-ego Little Richard Penniman. Those high-pitched staccato runs really add something to \\"Back In The U.S.S.R\\", \\"On-La-Di, Ob-La-Da\\", \\"Why Don't We Do It In The Road?\\", and \\"Helter Skelter\\". While the \\"cute one\\" was thrilling listeners at home and abroad with these fresh new perennials, Mr. Penniman was enduring some noisy, non-commercial rock and soul sides for the Brunswick label.  There's a wonderful snippet of sound tagged onto that miserably indulgent \\"Revolution 9\\", something presumptively titled \\"Can You Take Me Back?\\". This minimalist opus is what it's all about - listen in mono to the whole album - when you get to this one....switch to stereo.
B000UFAURI|5.0|Echoes, Silence, Patience, and Grace is in my estimation the Foo Fighters greatest album to date. It is a record that shows tremendous growth in songwriting and musicianship. Sure, there will be those who do not like it because every song is not loud and heavy. However, this is why I find it so magical. Tracks such as The Pretender, Erase/Replace, and Cheer Up Boys are rooted in a heavy rock sound. However, they have also written great songs that speak to the heart and soul. \\"Home\\" is a great song and it is just Dave and a piano. The standout track is Stranger Things Have Happened. I cannot hear this song enough, and it has become one of my favorite tracks of all time by any artist. This is a defining album that is worthy of its nomination as album of the year.
B0001KL5DA|5.0|In its second season, Six Feet Under continues to brilliantly build on what was established in the first season.  There were many stand-out episodes, particularly in the earlier portion of the season, and the directions each of the characters were taken is very interesting.  Federico, a character I found myself disliking during Season One, was developed quite a bit more.  Keith, on the other hand, showed an uglier side of himself that added some great drama into his relationship with David, which is one of the main plot lines of this season.    Come to think of it, each of the character arcs were risky in this season, and most of them paid off.  I'm not left with that \\"I need to know what happens next\\" as I was with the last season, but what I am is excited to see how these stories will continue.  The use of music and the direction continues to be phenomenal and I'm willing to bet that at least nine of these episodes will make you cry, and that all of them will make you laugh.  The plots jump around from Nathan/Brenda's relationship, to David/Keith's drama, to Ruth's situation with herself and Nikolai, to Claire's budding interest in the arts, and many more, but you'll never find yourself swamped by 'too many things going on at once.'  Each episode is planned well, leaving you feeling sad when the show ends with a white-out and the credits begin to roll.    I usually don't talk much about Special Features when reviewing a DVD unless the extras are really horrible or are outstanding, but I have to comment on Alan Ball's commentary track for \\"The Last Time.\\"  While Ball is, in my opinion, one of the best writer/directors out there, this commentary track is a joke.  It consists of him saying \\"this is a good scene because ___ did a good job\\" and then just letting the scene play without further comment.  The only thing other than the occasional talk of camera work (all of that is in the first five minutes) is him laughing at one of the jokes every now and then.  Why evenbother putting a commentary track if you aren't going to comment on the work?    But--special features aside--the second season of this brilliant show is absolutely a must-have.  I'm not quite sure whether or not it's better or as good than the first season, but fans of the first won't be disappointed.    9/10
B0000669JL|5.0|this cd came on time and was wrapped perfectly.the cd played well and i enjoyed it so much especially because i haven't really heard bob marley now in like a couple of years.its a real good collection of songs to have by him.thank you-
B000BTC5LW|5.0|An awesome product! I've been a Pink Floyd fan since Dark Side of the Moon & though this isn't the original group, nor is it the breakthrough group of Dark Side, they are still an excellent group. I haven't been a big fan of live albums because they tend to lack the sound quality of studio releases but this video has excellent sound, The picture quality is excellent also.    Pink Floyd is known for its shows & this one is no different; they have pulled on the stops on this one. David Gilmour is one of rock's greatest guitarists & he shines here. This concert DVD features them doing the entire Dark Side of the Moon album plus tracks from The Wall, Wish You Were Here, A Momentary Lapse of Reason & The Division Bell. There is a plethora of bonus material which should excite all Pink Floyd fans.    Enjoy!!!
B000P12LWY|5.0|I am not going to address the bad history.  This is television.  Did you really expect a history lesson?  Film has never done accurate history.  You want history go read a history book.  This is entertainment.  If it makes you curious about what was real and not, then it's done more than just entertain, but spurred you to ask questions.<br /><br />I am not JRM fan, but I cannot dispute his acting ability.  He is a powerhouse and goes full throttle for this production to show Henry in a manner not really portrayed before.  The supporting cast, right down to Sam Neill, is outstanding.<br /><br />I watched every episode several times on Showtime, and couldn't wait to get the DVD.  It's one that demands repeat viewing. I hope its success will spur more period dramas such as ala Deadwood and Rome to be produced.
B00005JLCI|5.0|Kenneth Branagh does a fabulous job.  The DVD arrived promptly and in excellent condition.
B000WQW988|5.0|This is the best unsplugged performance of a rock band ever. The atmosphere is unique and awesome, the songs were chosen wisely and played beautifully, and the DVD has a great quality, specially in DTS. A must have for rock and Nirvana fans.
B000025RHI|5.0|No Joke.  When I first heard this album, I was floored. It was clear that reggae had evolved.  Lee Scratch Perry is at his most creative and inventive on all the tracks.   The falsetto vocals of the Congos combine with the haunting rhythms and bizarre sounds to produce something that transcends music.  Take special care to listen to the tracks \\"Fisherman\\", \\"Can't Come in\\" and \\"Children crying\\".  Those tracks will immerse you into Lee Scratch Perry's magical, frightening dream vision of a world inhabited with Biblical images.  Don't pass this album up!
B000VLOKQI|1.0|I was more than pleased with the Amazing Journey. I've been a lifelong fan of the Who, and it was great to see their incredible story told with great interviews and amazing film footage.<br />I really enjoyed the Quickies, in particular the ones on Pete and John.<br />All rock fans should have a chance to see these two DVDs, because they really show what a fantastic band the Who was (and still is, although Keith and John can never be replaced).
0743486285|4.0|this is a well written book about the life of an entertainer who had to deal with all the pressures involved in being in the limelight. Well written and a good read.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|This is without doubt one of the best video histories of WW II that I have ever seen.  I have over 300 hours of video on this period and this set stands at the top of the list.  Well written and directed with virtually no fabricated shots.  The video that is reenacted is identified.  This is not the typical, all combat production.  Each of the major areas involved in the conflict are explored.  (Russian involvement, the British home front, the Holocaust, the stories behind the headlines.)  The interviews are incredible.  There is no judging or second guessing, just a clear and honest explanation of what took place.  This is a must have for any history buff.  It should be a must for everyone, to see how closely our present times mirror the period from 1933 to 1945.  This set will not disappoint you.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|This version of Persuasion is the best. The chosen actors were excellent in their roles. It was full of passion and drama.
B000002UA2|4.0|This is an extremely interesting collection of songs if only because it present Pink Floyd on the cusp of their breakthrough album \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\". Many of the trademark ideas and stylistic creations that have been etched so deeply on millions of fans and FM radio listeners can be found here, though given a slightly more tentative rendition. This is a mature band coming fully into their powers as players and writers and everyone shows their talents, especially David Gilmour and Rick Wright. The blueprints presented here would be improved upon on \\"Dark Side\\" the following year, though compared to the previous album \\"Meddle\\" the band had made a significant leap forward along the road of mass consumption-friendly rock.    For those put off by PF's space-y/psychedelic/progressive work prior to this I can wholly recommend this album.
B000ECX0QU|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time today and must say that it is a first rate espionage thriller. The movie has a great cast and a great cast of characters. It is smart and exciting. This is a cold war espionage movie of the first order and I rank it right up there with The Spy That Came In From The Cold and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Everything about this movie is top notch and I would expect nothing less from the master Alfred Hitchcock.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I got this for myself and my daughter.  It is beautifully photographed and very informative.  I haven't watched all of it yet but what I have is great.  Anyone who loves nature should definitely own this.
B000V6BE6M|5.0|A absoloutely fantastic piece of music. An absolute must for fans of Howard Shore & The Lord of the Rings movies. If, like me, you have bought and cherished the first two releases in this series - magnificent in content, performance and presentation - you will need no urging to buy this. For everyone else, don't be too daunted by the price tag, remember you are getting three full-length CDs for your money, (four with ROTK), and a DVD of the full score in magnificent sound, all beautifully presented. In short, but it, you will not be disappointed!!!
0761145613|4.0|I love Sandra Boynton books so the calendar seemed like a great idea.  I love the bright colors and cute pictures plus I like the layout.  It's possible that we could use more actual event stickers and maybe a way to hang it on the refrigerator but other than that I really like it.
B000YPUFA6|5.0|Item was shipped fast and in new condition as promised.  Would do business with again.
B000I2JKFG|5.0|This movie really shocked me, I think I was expecting a straight up action flick and instead got a very well done and acted modern day 1984 except with a littl emore action and more a optimistic ending.    The actors were great story impecable and was just a very very good movie.    I am atualy amazed it was allowed to be released in the US becuase of some of the things it mirrors with the current adminstration but thank god of freedom of the press and that being said its not an anti usa movie it is a movie that preeches the value of feedom.    These defiantly a movie worth watching.
B000URDEB0|4.0|The new album with Anette...honestly, I didn't even want to get this album because I knew nothing could to compare to Tarja's classically trained powerhouse voice.<br /><br />But I'm glad I did get it. The writing is awesome as usual, and it was extremely refreshing and exciting to hear \\"The Islander\\" and \\"Last of the Wilds\\" with Celtic twists. It was new but perfect for the band's new album. I'm also partial to \\"Bye Bye Beautiful\\" and \\"7 Days to the Wolves\\".<br /><br />The point is, this album is filled with good songs. Tuomas still remains one of the greatest composers out there. But, I miss Tarja. Anette is a great singer, but the absence of the operatic vocals is so un-Nightwish that I feel sometimes like I'm listening to girl power rock music or something...But still, good job Nightwish, I will definitely still remain a loyal fan.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Planet Earth is a must have for those of you that love nature, discovery channel or national geographic. This BBC documentary takes it to a whole new level. In 1080p BluRay format it is simply unreal. It's like you are right there. This is definately something I will watch again and again.    Drew  Toronto, On
B000GALEVS|5.0|I have been listening to this album since the moment I first heard it in 1986. Needless to say it's my favourite album out of the twenty thousand or so that I own. I hope that their 2008 album is a progression from St Anger. Hopefully Rick Rubin can bring the best out of them, he seems to have the Midas touch with most bands he works with.    This Japanese remaster trumps the DCC Gold remaster in my opinion.    Buy this now before it's deleted - I bought the entire catalogue of 2006 Japanese remasters and they're all worth it for both sonic purity and collectability (even St. Anger....)
0192547038|5.0|Mansfield Park is the story of Fanny Price, who at ten years old is taken away from her indigent family to live with her rich cousins, the Bertrams of Mansfield Park.  Both Fanny's uncle, Sir Thomas Bertram, and her Aunt Norris, his sister-in-law, want the distinction of rank preserved between Fanny and her richer cousins.  Consequently, Fanny suffers under the tyranny of her Aunt Norris and the neglect of most everyone else at Mansfield Park.  The only real exception is her cousin Edmund, who, as Fanny grows older, becomes both friend and counselor to her.  The monotony of Mansfield Park is upset when brother and sister, Henry and Mary Crawford, visit their sister at the parsonage of Mansfield.  Henry Crawford toys with the affections of Fanny's cousins, Maria and Julia, while Mary Crawford earnestly seeks the affections of Edmund.  Fanny quietly observes all.<br /><br />Mansfield Park is a complex and sometimes disturbing novel, and its conclusion has a tendency to feel less than satisfactory.  Jane Austen contrasts the very moral Fanny Price and her cousin Edmund Bertram with the very charming but amoral Mary Crawford and her brother Henry Crawford. While doing this, Jane Austen never actually tells her readers what to think about her characters.  She presents their thoughts, words, and actions in an almost unbiased manner and leaves judgment up to the reader.  The novel is definitely food for thought, and every time I read it, I find myself feeling differently about both it and its characters than I did the time before.  I appreciate both the storyline and its thought-provoking complexity.<br /><br />The Oxford Illustrated edition of Mansfield Park contains a copy of the play Lovers' Vows referred to in the novel, which is such a treat.  After reading both the novel and the play, one cannot help but be struck by the parallels between the two. I recommend this edition to anyone curious about the controversial play in the novel.
B000059LGC|3.0|Meant to match the success of the 1974 MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS, this all-star 1978 film is much more mobile but doesn't quite carry the haunting sense of evil of the other film (thanks to that film's famously disturbing pre-credit sequence). Here the only thing that matches the majesty of the great Nino Rota score (which brilliantly evokes a Nile steamboat, the location for much of this film's action is Mia Farrow's performance as Jackie. This was probably the best role Farrow got in the Seventies, and while it allows her to do her specialty in evoking hysteria it also allows her the rare opportunity to play a really intelligent character. Her scenes menacing her ex-lover and best friend (who have married one another behind her back) by turning up at Egyptian tourist sites and reciting statistics about the sites to them are memorably strange. Peter Ustinov makes a fine Poirot, and Angela Lansbury is a lot of fun as a Marie Corelli-like hack novelist, and Simon MacCorkindale is suitably dreamy as Farrow's ex-lover, but no one else is up to the scale the production seems to demand. Several actors seem terribly underused (particular Olivia Hussey and Maggie Smith), and Bette Davis as a Washington grande dame looks like a walking mummy (which should be suitable to the theme but instead is rather creepy). Very few of the characters have plausible motives for murder, so the time spent discussing whether or not they committed the central crime seems pretty tedious.
0385486804|5.0|I read, rather consumed this book during college, about 10 years ago. It completely sent me on a journey in my mind and soul. I was trucking along with Christopher McCandless, journeying into the wild with unabashed abandon, youthful vigor and bright sun-driven curiosity. Krakauer does a brilliant job at extrapolating the sporatic facts of Chris's last years and philosophies behind his actions into a thoughtful, reflective and poignant story... his life was so tangible to me, as a young woman in awe of the majestic wild in her backyard of Humboldt redwoods and oceans and mountains. I strapped my hiking boots on with him, with Chris, and away we went, as i followed him, Into the Wild... Into the Soul.
B000W10FWU|5.0|HD-DVD technology is still cheaper than Blu-Ray and the video is the exactly the same quality that is on the Blu-Ray version.  I still am recommending people wait before buying a next gen technology.  Unfortunately the war is still not over no matter what the studios will lead you to believe.<br /><br />Either way Blu-Ray or HD-DVD the video transfer on all of the Harry Potter series is very clean and crisp, just the way you want your HD to be.
0765348276|5.0|This is a great piece of writing.  It is fun to speculate about what happens to people when they die, and this book gives an interesting possibility (pay attention to the \\"Ghost Brigades\\"). It is also fun to speculate about what can happen with biological engineering in the future. The story centers around a really \\"practical\\" answer to that...in fact one that could come true by the end of this century.    I recommend you skip the first 50 pages. They are what book-people call \\"character development\\", and take place on earth. In fact, it is a boring part of the book. However, once the characters travel into space, everything changes. The adventure starts once the humans reach the \\"Beanstalk\\" and slowly become more than they once were. You won't miss a thing by starting anywhere around page 50.     The ending is exquisite!
0634049011|5.0|I'll keep this short since there are already so many 5-star reviews for this product.     This book is the one. If you want to learn the notes on the fretboard and all minor/major scales and modes and chords and practical music theory, this is the book to get. It's not terribly long, but it has a lot of useful information and doesn't waste any time. Many times through the book, it will have you fill out a series of 8-10 fretboard diagrams with some new idea you just learned, then it will ask you to play what you just wrote. I really think this is such an effective method, yet it's so simple. It also asks you to say important ideas aloud so as to learn them better.
B000YXMMAE|4.0|You know what, it's not really that surprising the level of hype this album has received. The fact that they initially took a \\"teaser\\" release online may have been, even if artists had taken albums for cheap and/or free, although Radiohead left this one open to its fans. But now that download thing is just becoming a thing of the past. We already know about it and it was closed over a month ago. There's also this desperate attempt at claiming a new Radiohead album as their \\"return to rock\\", but just because someone couldn't get past [[ASIN:B00004XONN Kid A]] doesn't mean we should try to keep selling the band on said people. After all, the supposedly \\"rock\\" [[ASIN:B000002TQV The Bends]] was more like a mix of pop rock and folk songs, although some with a sharp and rocking edge. Radiohead is just Radiohead though, and they have really transcended the necessity of a genre label. There is a big eclectism in the music and they've gone the way of that for several years.    It's probably the most acclaimed Radiohead record since \\"Kid A\\" and arguably the best from the band since that one. The record may not be amazing for you as a listener but at least the songs are genuinely decent even at their worst. And many of them are fairly memorable, even if it feels more like a song collection for some at first. It is definitely a step ahead of [[ASIN:B000092ZYX Hail To The Thief]], as it cuts out filler and doesn't go for longer than necessary.    It is not my favorite Radiohead album but there are some definite highlights. The one radio caught on to, \\"Bodysnatchers,\\" actually does seem like kind of a \\"return to rock\\" type of songs, with a type of energy that is rarely ever heard in a Radiohead song, complete with some really moving chords that you loved about the band. \\"All I Need\\" shows the record at a melodic high and while maybe slow for some it's a real favorite of mine. The closing piano closer \\"Videotape\\" is the greatest closer of a Radiohead album since \\"Street Spirit (Fade Out)\\" for my money. The lyrics are still the typical gloom found in many Radiohead albums and while I am not usually in such mood I still enjoy the record quite a bit.    I think that if you like Radiohead that you'll enjoy this record and that if you dislike Radiohead that you won't like it. It's not really that polarizing in the least, and follows with what they've done since [[ASIN:B000002UJQ OK Computer]], but this one really focuses on songs and ideas and is definitely worth more than a few listens. Chances are though that 90% reading have heard and/or own the record already.
0321202082|4.0|Very funny in typical Austin fashion. A must read for any Jane Austin fan. It is a bit difficult to follow the characters and the relationships at first;  Once you get to know who the characters are it is easy to appreciate them and their interactions. Austin's version of the Gothic novel.  The Longman edition is very helpful in setting the context for the work. Being relatively new to Austin it was valuable for me to understand the historical setting and read the examples of contemporary authors that this edition provides. I highly recommend this edition for anyone who is not already familiar with the life and times of this period.
B0002CHIJW|4.0|I Spit On Your Grave is perhaps one of the best revenge stories ever told on film. The story is very captivating and the gore satisfies. Only a few revenge movies have really had an impact, And this is one of them.<br /><br />The story revolves around a beautiful author who is taking a peaceful and relaxing vacation in a cabin. Of course this is all blown to hell when a local man and his pals notice the young woman at a gas station. He finds it practical to follow this woman and attempt to make a play at her. When she declines, He dosen't take no for an answer.<br /><br />He and his pack of goons brutally rape and beat her to the point of death . But when she recovers she isn't going to let it slide that easily. She suduces the leader of these men who just so happens to have a wife and children into believing that she liked what happened. And wants more. Of course this is not the case. She gets him into a position to where he is so comfortable that he lies back and lets her cut his penis off. In a hilarious scene that is guaranteed to make a male viewer squirm.<br /><br />The film is controversal, But we already know that. We already know that it was considered a woman hating piece of garbage. Never the less i'm not going to go into a big story about it.<br /><br />I hope that you decide to purchase this film. It will make any horror fans day!
B000W4KT6E|3.0|I see a lot of Broadway shows but had missed this one until last summer when I got to see it done live onstage.  I didn't really think I'd care for it but I had a really good time.  The music definitely captures the sound and the feel of the early 60s.  The movie is not as good as the stage version.  Too many \\"subtle\\" changes in the plot and you can't watch the mother without thinking THAT'S JOHN TRAVOLTA???  It's one thing to watch it \\"live\\" and know THAT'S A MAN?  But to know it's a 'star' detracts from the overall effect.  It's still fun and the music is basically good but not a first choice.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|Michael Buble is so awesome! We saw him 3 times in concert, the best in Radio City in NY.  Our son who is 9 yrs old and our daughter is 6 yrs old love him as much as we do!  He is the absolute best in the standard songs and his songs.  He is a very inspiring artist because of his many talents: sings, plays instruments and comedy.  All his concerts are the best and we love his music and have purchased double in cds so we have them at home and in the car!
1582701709|1.0|Want this book to be awful, Think the this book is awful than this book is awful.<br />From page one the BS starts all the way to the end....
B000B5MI3Q|5.0|Received my watch from Amazon about a week ago. Looks great!  Better looking than the newer version SKX173 which Amazon sells for $193.00. The SKX007 is the last of this classic diver from Seiko. Better looking dial, doesn't say \\"Movement Malaysia\\" on back like the SKX173. Mine is picking up about 10 to 15 seconds a day which is not only well within the boundaries of a mechanical watch but normal for this Seiko when new. They tend to slow  a little after 3 to 6 months of wear and then keep excellent time for up to 10 years without even a cleaning!
0812550706|4.0|This book is a fantastic book for a first-time reader to introduce him to sci-fi. I wouldn't say I couldn't put it down, but it was a real page turner nonetheless. Shane, author of Enemies Among Us
1401307957|5.0|This is a great book!  I read it in an hour and a half.  I enjoy knowing the process people take in order to deal with life's occasional hiccups that knock the world out from under you.  It helps to know that you're not the only one sometimes.  It's always a relief when the person works it out positively and thinks enough to want to share it with others.  Thank you, Danny!
B000MCH5P4|3.0|If you liked the movie Crash then you also gonna like this one. Is about the same subjects of racism, stereotypes, hidden truth, violence, love and emotion just like in the movie Crash.<br /><br />Like Crash, this film has great acting, different stories and a emotional storyline. Both movies aren't THAT good because of the predictable subjects but I think that this one is a bit better because of the stories.<br /><br />P.S: I'll maybe buy this movie because even with all the predictable stuffs the japanese story was kind of cool to me.<br /><br />Adios.
B00070Q7VO|5.0|Excellent!  I saw Michael on Glenn Beck.  Hadn't heard about him before so I ordered 2 CDs.  Lovely voice, fun music, brings back memories of Bobby Darin and others.  Even my teenage daughter loves the music...especially \\"Everything\\"
B000RZIGZ4|5.0|Obviously a fantastic movie.  The HD DVD plays well, without any glitches.  The best part for me is the audio, which is crystal clear and fantastic.  The scenes at Top Gun and over the Indian Ocean are magnificient.  I have this movie on SD as well, and this version is definitely better even than the SD upconverted version.
B000IOM0YM|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST DVD BOX SET,IN HIGH QUALITY VISION AND IN 5.1 SURROUND!! ITS \\"BOMBASTIC\\"!!!! IF YOU DID NOT ORDER THE BOX SET,HURRY UP BEFORE ITS TO LATE!!
B000E8QVWY|2.0|I like Juaquin Phoenix. I absolutely and always have loved Johnny Cash. I did NOT like this movie. Not at all. I didn't buy Phoenix as Cash for one second. It was merely Phoenix doing a Cash impersonation the whole movie. For comparison's sake, Gary Busey did a superior job of Buddy Holly. This movie offered me nothing further that I didn't already know and even did a poor job doing it, didn't entertain me in any way I cared to in relation to J.Cash, and I found it merely a stepping stone for it's actors. Anymore, you do a great impersonation of a famous celebrity or historical figure, you change yourself form a supermodel to a loathesome murderer (see C.Tiegs in \\"Monster\\") and you have the Academy and movie goers talking about you as if you just invented celluloid. This movie is okay for those who didn't necessarily grow up on J.Cash. To those who've followed him for decades, even subjected to ridicule for doing so by the very folks who now claim J.Cash fanaticism in hindsight, this movie just didn't do it for me. As far as Phoenix, this isn't even his best role. I liked him better in \\"Inventing the Abbotts\\" much better than this one (I actually liked that movie better than this one, but that's another debate.) In short, this is one of those, \\"the audience loves the movie for who's in it.\\" I can't sit through more than 10 minutes of this masquerade. I seriously think it's no more than a high school production of a portrayal of one of my favorite artists ever. Save your money and buy one of the many Johnny Cash Concert DVDs, or comprehensive collections.
B000UX6THK|5.0|\\" Falling, falling .. are we falling in love ? \\"<br />What can I say ? Twin Peaks was one of the most original, imaginative television series ever created. It's a shame that Mark Frost and David Lynch handed over control to other people durring the second season but none the less the entire series was riviting.<br />I re-watched this errie, sometimes hilarious , sometimes heartbreaking, always spellbinding series and was still amazed and moved by it. If you remember watching Twin Peaks, watch it again and relive what you loved about it..... if you've never seen it ..... don't let the oportunity to see it escape you.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I love this show and it's a damn shame FOX canceled it. I do, however, think I know why many people couldn't get into it.    This show came out close to year after 9/11. Overall the show was about \\"Fighting the Establishment\\", unfortunately it came out during a time where people needed the \\"Establishment\\" for comfort and most importantly, some answers.    I guarantee you that if this show was to premiere today, it would have an unbelievable fan base the likes of \\"Lost\\" or \\"American Idol\\".    I give this show a 10/10 hands down.
B00000266S|5.0|I remember when I watched this movie back when I was 8 or so.  I used to have the tape but I literally wore it out from listening to it so much, so I have the CD.  I don't have any flight games to play this with unfortunately, so racing games have to do for now.  Still, listening to \\"Danger Zone\\" while chasing someone down online for 1st adds a bit of determination.  I, of course, highly recommend this CD to anyone who is thinking about buying it, or to anyone who's never even heard of it.
B000002IOJ|5.0|This album is prove that bands like Testament could make great music without going over the commercial side of the music business. Testament emerged from the Bay Area is SF, the same place where giants Metallica and Megadeth were formed. I still don't get why Testament isn't the the Big Four list..in my opinion they could replace Anthrax. Practice what you preach is a real trash album with so many elements that make it so interesting and melodic without falling in repetition. Alex, the lead guitarist, makes a great job here with his amazing solos and technique which still surprises me to this day. Testament is back and are here to stay!!
B00006LI4S|5.0|This DVD is a must for all Pink Floyd Fans. It has a warm up close and personal feel to it. A true pleasure to watch how the music developes before your eyes and ears. David Gilmour is amazing!!!- John Garrison
B0010ZR160|4.0|This movie starts with an engaging whodunit and in the last 30 mins or so turns into a moral question I still don't honestly know what the right anwser is, yet the film gives both sides equal time. Very good film that deserves a look and it will stick with you long after the end.
B000002VQQ|5.0|This album is easily the best work Patti Smith has ever done, as it succeeds as a ground-breaking experimental work that is pre-punk and highly lyrical.
B00000AFWZ|4.0|This box set is a must for 60's garage rockers. The sections represent the era well. They are also the original recordings. a delight to have in a collection of garage rock.
B000V6BE6C|5.0|This CD is Awsome. These guys can do any thig from Metal to Soft Rock.
B000UR9T8C|4.0|This is for my young son who is a big spidey fan.  He loves all the spidey movies including this one, though I tire of them easily.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|There is a ton of reviews for this blu-ray disc but I shall leave one anyway. The first time I saw this film was mid 80's on VHS and from the moment I saw this film I was smitten by the pure unadulterated style of the production and the enchanting electronic score. The score now sounds only slighty dated possibly only due to me remembering 80's, the style however seems all the more potent now, with the visions of decrepit vistas and deviant weather paterns giving visions of the future 25 years after the original release.  There are probably a few people looking for a true adaptation of P. K. Dick's book (Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep?) and if you do you will be sorely dissapointed as there is virtually no resemblance to the original text. I would recommend the film however to even those who have read the book (detach yourself from the text) and to those who are not science fiction enthusiasts as there is plenty in this film for all who watch. with unmatched art direction, cinematography, and direction  to name but three, this is however let down by slightly patchy acting and some stilted dialogue.  The weaknesses are however out weighed by the strengths, with a superb score and a must see final scene that is amongst the best on celuloid. This Blu-ray version is superb value for the cost and is an immaculate transfer with the 'final cut' of the film being an extremely clean version of a very slightly tweaked version of the 1992 directors cut. This coupled with just about every other version of the film and a healthy dose of extras makes for good value. (this version also works in the UK)(sorry for the poor spelling)   text.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|Every song in the movie you can find it in this CD, the music is great, and they are both really talented singers. For people who didn't see the movie, I suggest you go and see it, but even if you haven't seen the movie, this is still a good choice of music.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I bought this after watching the DVD version.  This was amazing.  The hi def is crystal clear.  I am not a wildlife miniseries fan, but I was still amazed by the nature that is depicted.  Any Blu Ray owner should buy and enjoy this series.
B000WQ9UA8|3.0|This cd number 2 track makes one wonder if it is her own autobiographical pleas of us wanting a \\"piece\\" of her. It goes on to have a track dedicated to K-fed that really explains it all. Her music is not the quality of the Britney we know from the past .If you are a fan add it to your collection. If you are just curious this is not one of her best to buy. It is her best for an anthem to her life as of now.
B00005JPXY|1.0|I just finished watching this movie at the UA Cinema in Hong Kong.  I left about half way.  My wife stayed.  The entire movie was shot with a camcorder (or envisioned to be) so throughout the entire movie you are watching - constant shaking and upside down images, it was someone walking and running with the camcorder on.  Not a good way to make a movie that anyone would be able to watch without getting sick.  I tried to watch this movie and got sick due to the perceived \\"motion\\" of the camcorder.  The story is poor and the actors are all novices.  I thought the National Tresures movie I recently watchere in this same Cinema was bad, but this one is much much worse.  Totally lack of story and lack of any conclusions.  I would not recommend anyone with a sound mind to have to sit through this bad movie.  It is not worth 5 cents.
B0001GL3K4|4.0|This is a great British comedy. It could be a sleeper Christmas hit. I forgot how good it was till I saw it on cable and then I knew I must have it. IF you want to laugh out loud and be drawn in to the lives of 5 strangers whose lives all intermingle, its for you!
0385522401|4.0|I rarely describe a novel as \\"slight\\", but it seems an appropriate word for Ian McEwan's On Chesil Beach.  Low in page count, low in plot, it is not a bad book, but it is a slight book.    The entire gist of the book can be summed up in a few words:  two sexually naïve newlyweds attempt to consummate their marriage in 1962.  Their honeymoon is on Chesil Beach, and the bulk of the novel is the few hours after their wedding, when they are in their little hotel room.  For Edward, this is at long his opportunity to have sex with the woman he loves; for Florence, sex is repulsive, a marital obligation that must be endured but not enjoyed.    As they slowly move from the dining room to the bedroom, there are flashbacks about both their family lives and their own romance.  It is almost love at first sight, but it is also obvious that for the two of them, what that love means is rather different.    With McEwan's novel Atonement getting a new boost due to its movie adaptation, I would imagine that a lot of people will be picking up this book thinking that it will offer more of the same.  These people will likely be disappointed, as this is a completely different type of novel   That's too bad, because this is actually a decent book, another of McEwan's well-written works.  If you're looking for action or an intricate story, you will not find it here; instead, this is a story rich in characterization that offers a look at what happens when reality does not meet expectations.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|I have owned this cd about 4 times and it keeps disappearing. Its that good! If you are a Lenny fan and would like a one cd to not have to keep changing cds out , this is perfect. If you have never experienced Lenny or want only his main steam hits, it is perfect!
B000VDDDVO|5.0|This is great!  I had video taped this movie back in the 80's when it was aired on television in the former colorized format. The tape was not very good quality, but I really liked and preferred the colorized version. I had been looking for a DVD copy of that colorized  version for awhile, which was fruitless until I did a new search right after Christmas 2007. That's when I found this one! The colorization quality is great, yet it still has that feel like an old timey movie!  Thanks y'all!
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This is probably the quintessential high definition experience.  Every owner of HDDVD or Blu-Ray should own this wonderfully filmed set of features illustrating the beauty and wonder of our planet.<br /><br />Everything in this was filmed with the highest quality high definition filming equipment and it really shows the quality that we will hopefully be able to expect from out Hollywood films in the near future.<br /><br />MUST BUY!
0321525655|5.0|Buy it! You won't be sorry. Like a great speech it leaves you wanting more. Especially, more Garr Reynolds. If I had one recommendation it would be that - more Garr Reynolds and less reliance on all the other experts, and books on presentation. It's well written, the ideas are sound, and the book itself is beautifully presented. An example of what Garr proposes.
0805066691|5.0|How good is this book? Well it's got 160 customer reviews before this, most of them positive, most of them believing it's a book worth reading: As do I.                                                                                Is it biased? Of course! Because it's a book about the final days of the `Indian Wars' highlighting atrocities committed against the Indians, a book that was required to offset the books, fact and fiction, that only highlighted the atrocities committed by the Indians.                                                                             Has the book had a positive influence? DEFINITELY! Not just for Native Americans, but also for other indigenous people round the world. Not enough of an influence, but better than none at all.                                                                Does the book tell the FACTS about what happened? One reviewer says that Dee Brown wasn't an historian, he was a librarian. Well, a library is a great place to research history, and if Mr. Brown researched this period of history does that not make him a historian.   Answers? To: Five Stars for being the most blatantly Politically Correct denial of Reality concerning Indians, January 5, 2006 by Kosto Barry Granlund.   1. FACT re:KBG   Indians too stupid to learn English. All translators were incapable of translating correctly, so every speech or statement by any Indian was written by white men wishing to romanticize Indians.      By the way: These are FACTS that MUST be assumed, according to KBG.                                                                                             Therefore all Pro Indian statements false, all Anti Indian statements true.                                                   Is it possible that the speeches and statements by Indians were more beautiful and profound than those published, due to poor translation?                                                                                                        How accurately were all the speeches and statements of officials, soldiers, settlers, etc. recorded? Who wrote their speeches?  2. FACT re:KBG    Indians did not have defined territory, therefore they could not comprise Nations.                                                                                                         Dictionary: Nation - A body of people marked off by common descent, language, culture or historical tradition. Surely Indians qualify for nationhood?                                                                                                                                                Of course there were no boundaries! What do you want: Picket fences?                                                     Question: `How did the Indians hold out for so long with their Stone Age technology?'  3. FACT re:KBG   No Indian tribe EVER had a distinct and stable homeland, therefore there was no such thing as Ancestral Land. The Sioux and the Comanche were intent on exterminating other tribes. (Not the Kiowa or Cheyenne?) The Crow, although vastly outnumbered by the Sioux (the exterminators in the North) and the fierce and prolific Comanche (the exterminators to the South) and surrounded by other tribes, survived in a nice chunk of territory by being superior fighters to them all: Except the tribe that drove them out of the swamp.                                                                                                                                               Indians based their lives in territories best suited to their needs, where they had the strength to defend that territory. Tribal boundaries overlapped. The territories most tribes roamed would have stayed relatively stable for generations, as population growth was very slow, and is in most tribal cultures.                                   How many generations living in an area does it need for that area to become Ancestral Land?Tribes also traded with each other: Before they tied to exterminate each other of course.                  Tribes going round trying to exterminate each other would have caused too great a loss of life to their own people and would have been detrimental to the health of even the biggest tribe. Neighbouring tribes WERE allowed to defend themselves, even retaliate.                                                                           Changing boundaries: You mean it's not happening now. I should have kept my old school atlas: Nothing has changed.                                                                                                                                       Extermination (Genocide): You mean it's not happening now.    4. FACT re:KBG   Indians unable or unwilling to train wild prehistoric horse so killed them all. Indians only able to ride modern horse as already tame.                                                                                    Information from Head Smashed In website: Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump is known around the world as a remarkable testimony of prehistoric life. Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump bears witness to a custom practiced by native people of the North American plains for nearly 6000 years.                                                                                                                                                  6000 years!  Did they have horses back then?  How big were these herds of bison? How on earth did so many survive for the Europeans to slaughter? After all, the Indians had managed to kill all the horses -          and, according to another reviewer, all the mammoth as well. Maybe the horses are underneath the bison?  Hold on!                                                                                                                                 FACT re:KBG    `IT IS A MATTER OF FACT that the only reason why the Indians did not kill more wildlife in greater numbers is because they lacked the technology to do so'. Ah! `They could only kill so many bison or deer or antelope with arrows, spears, or cliff stampedes, and that's why the populations of the tribes remained basically constant and low in numbers. They had reached their capacity to support their populations by means of their Stone Age hunting and technology, and their numbers simply didn't grow beyond a certain point because of this'.                                                                                               So, there were enough Indians to kill off the horses and drive so many bison over cliffs that they wasted vast amounts of their food and clothing and shelter supply. But, because they were so bad at hunting there wasn't enough food to support an increase in the population? I would have thought that the Indians must have been, at least, okay at conservation, surely, otherwise how did they survive for so long? Ten or fifteen thousand years was it?   I would have thought that arrows, spears or cliff stampedes would have killed all of the bison, deer or antelope if the Indians had wanted to. They did kill all of the prehistoric horses, after all!  Nice of the Indians to leave millions of bison for the white men to kill: Really!  5. FACT re:KBG    `The plains Indians built their one-dimensional cultures around two simple components. These were hunting and warfare. These tribes hunted for their subsistence and warred with one another primarily to obtain the best hunting grounds and secondarily to achieve \\"glory\\" within the context of their value systems'.                                                                                                                                     No room for trade or friendship with other tribes? No room for any kind of spiritual life? Were the kids allowed to play?Amazing there were so many tribes left, what with all the big tribes killing off or enslaving all the smaller tribes.                                                                                                                                                All round the world: Now, there are people being held as slaves, many of them being raped and tortured. All round the world: Now, there are poorer, weaker people having their land taken from them by richer, stronger people.                                                               6. FACT re:KBG   The Indians DID NOT suffer terribly at the hands of European invaders. (Surely he didn't mean to use the word \\"invaders?\\")  They actually killed each other, even members of their own tribe.                                                                                                                                                   FACT re:KBG    The Indians broke all the treaties. (I'm learning so much!)                                                FACT re:KBG    `It is a FACT that the Indians never had any distinct \\"homelands\\" in their tribal histories.'   He's not giving up on this one, is he? I didn't think the other two FACTS needed a reply. If you believe them there's no hope. Or is there?   7. FACT re:KBG  (in reply to:The view of Bury My Heart At Wounded Knee seems to be that the so-called \\"glorious Horse Culture\\" of the plains tribes was \\"lost\\" because of being \\"destroyed\\" by European invaders.) `The so-called \\"Horse Culture\\" of the western tribes came about as a result of the European invaders in the first place! As stated earlier in this post, the Indians caused the extinction of the prehistoric horses on this continent by hunting them as food. It was only after the Spanish brought domesticated horses to the plains and the tribes saw how these animals were used by the European invaders that the \\"horse culture\\" actually got underway'.The fact that Europeans introduced the modern horse into Northern America does not mean they did not destroy the horse culture of the Plains Indians.                                                                                                                                                         FACT re:KBG   `The decorative costumes and elaborately feathered war bonnets of the plains tribes didn't exist until trade with the European invaders began. There was no colored beads, no thread, no needles, no colored yarn, no colored linen, no glue, and no colored dyes among the tribes BEFORE the terrible invading Europeans arrived and used all these items as trade goods. None of these elements were possible PRIOR to the arrival of the terrible Europeans and all their trade goods!'                                                                                                                                                 Could they do anything? All over the world tribesmen and women are dyeing and gluing: But not the Indians.           8. Question from KBG.  \\"I would like to ask both the potential reader of \\"Bury My Heart At Wounded Knee\\" AND those who have already read it and feel that Whites were so terrible to Indians, what they think the condition of the American Indians of today would be if the European invaders had approached conflicts with the wild tribes in the same way these tribes dealt with one another? That is, if we Whites had used the tactics of the Sioux or the Comanche on all the tribes, where would their decendants be today?\\"       Dear KBG, the whites DID approach conflict with the so called \\"wild\\" tribes in the way YOU say they dealt with each other. Luckily there were some people who didn't believe genocide to be the correct way to behave. Even in the last fifty years, there have been many attempts at genocide in different countries which have failed: Watch the News. Even if you believe the Indians were committing genocide, it's hardly specific to their race.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I know KBG is reviewing \\"Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee\\", but every review I have seen of his regarding the history of Native Americans and their conflict with the white men can be summed up as:                                                                                                      Books that say Indian life is \\"just awful!\\" GOOD.                                                                                          Books that say Indians were murdering savages. GOOD.                                                                                                                                           Books that say anything else: Politically Correct, Bleeding Heart pseudo-history.                                  And this is the review KBG tells us will give us \\"THE FACTS\\".                                                                        KBG says the Indians were all about killing and torture: Does that excuse the Europeans? Did the Europeans go there expecting the Indians to let them have the land? What were the Europeans doing there in the first place, if not to take control of the land and \\"civilize\\" the natives?                                   What is the problem with being a savage?                                                                                              When it comes to the destruction of the earth, \\"civilized\\" men come out way ahead.                          Overpopulation: Civilization wins hands down.                                                                                    The numbers of people killed, in war or otherwise, by so called \\"civilized\\" men, make comparisons laughable.                                                                                                                                     Savages: There's no comparison.                                                             In closing, I would like to state that, KBG DOES know all the FACTS about the Indian way of life: Their customs and rituals, their thoughts and feelings. So barricade your doors America: They're out to get you.  Just Another Bleeding Heart.  PS: Thank you to all the other `Politically Correct, Bleeding Hearts' for their excellent posts.
B000002LEE|4.0|Having heard for the first time this album around 20 years ago , and seeing how it continues to be a solid production that still manages to please us after , 20 years .     One of the most amazing things that music can do , is that after an extended period of time - still be listenable .  That's the case with this album for me .  We all have different tastes and preferences , but after seeing other bands and their albums not stand the test of time , and fizz out or not be a hot product , it s definitely worth what productions we think are the ones thats till blow us away .     This whole album is solid , strong and without low points .  It s true that Janes style doesnt reach all audiences , probably .  But the arrangements & songs are so catchy , deep and beautifully done that it should receive a well deserved praise by its fans , old & new .       Please dont think ' Where does this guy , being from Chile know so much about this group ? ' .  I lived i the US from 1985 - 1999 .  between the ages of 10 - 23 .  So that really important stage in our lives , I lived w you up there , and have some of the most powerfully positive memories from those years up there .     What would i recommend from Chile that is up the level of Janes ?  Los Blops , a group that mesmerized Chile from 1970 to 1973 .  3 albums , staggeringly good tunes .  Just like Farrell , Pearcy , Avery and Navarro
B000KRNCYY|5.0|This is a CD full of beautiful music sung with the sweetest, gentlest voices! Easy to listen to, soothing, beautiful!
B000687M48|4.0|When i first heard of this i kinda expected worse but when i got it it was actually a lot better than i imagined.I have seen Evanescence live before in NM and i thought that Amy sang a hell lot better than she does on this cd/dvd. She kinda sounds funny in a way and doesn't really say whole words, she kinda starts a word and doesn't finish.lol. but still, overall she put on a good performance in this dvd. I think the videos in the extras are sweet. I love \\"Going Under\\" Amy looks so damn HOT! well i rate this a good buy, and for a good price!
B00000811N|1.0|Even knowing the songs where old, I was still very,very disappointed!<br />I will call it \\"garbage from the body\\"
0761145613|5.0|This is a must have for any busy mom. This calander has it all...a column for Mom, one for Dad and up to three columns for your children/pets or whoever else you need to keep track of!! The calender comes with stickers to mark important dates or appointments. I've used other \\"Mom\\" calenders and this one is by far THE BEST!<br />-Meghan[[ASIN:0761145613 Mom's Family Calendar 2008]]
B000K15VSA|1.0|I would guess that just about every film ever made has production flaws also known as \\"goofs\\" on the IMDB. Blade Runner is no exception. However as another reviewer had stated \\"I thought is was a classic back in 1982\\", I would strongly agree. The updated 25th version production crew did an excellent job regarding  correcting the flaws, but it is a totally different film than the original 1982 version. This is my list of complaints: 1) The digital scanned print made the 25th version look synthetic and digital not analog, 2) The colors were very saturated (1982 film stock does not look this way), 3) The interview production footage did not fit with the mood of the original film. It had a boring set design and to much emphasis was put on the cast and production crew members talking. I would have prefered voice overs with stills and actual production footage. Every extra on every DVD produced that I've seen uses the same interview format. Very unoriginal. The extra items in the case like the Spinner model, the Origami unicorn etc. were cheap and not worth the wait. I would have prefered a solid production book with quality stills of never before published production images. I think that what makes something a classic is the human component and \\"flaws\\" within the subject or object. The original should have been left alone. What's next, removing brush hairs from the canvas of a Dali painting because they don't belong there?
1594489505|5.0|This book was both touching and shocking as it reveals the conditions of Afghanistan. I enjoyed \\" The Kite Runner\\" very much and this is a another look at the lives of these people as their country changed. Freedom is such a precious gift-good reminder for all of us.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|I had awaited this DVD with much anticipation. After seeing the Las Vegas show this past October with my sister, Sara, I had hoped that the videography wouldn't change what the audience acutally sees. And it doesn't!! The production is exactly as you see it and the songs are alive and bright. The extra takes are wonderful and you cry and sing and live the life with Celine and all of the dancers and crew. Outstanding!! Last weekend it was cold and wet and I had a \\"Celine Weekend\\" and watched the entire two disk set--I came away filled with so much joy. Thanks, Celine!!
B000YA9R3C|5.0|As a fan of Daniel Day-Lewis (especially In the Name of the Father) and hearing this film hearkening to the glorious films of the 1970s era, I came into There Will Be Blood with high expectations. The film did not disappoint. With Daniel Day-Lewis in just about every scene for over two hours, the film gives us a portrait of an oil developer, Daniel Plainview, who knows who he is down to the marrow of his bones. He says at one point (and I'm paraphrasing) that ambition and success are insufficient for him. There is a malignancy roiling through his bloodstream, a drive to dominate and conquer others and to never be satisfied until he sees his competition defeated. As his name suggests, he has a very plain view of who he is and yet he is helpless to do anything about it. He is indeed a creature helpless in the face of his irrational impulses. The film's soundtrack and plot all serve to illuminate this internal malignancy that consumes the ambitious oil developer. That a film can take this philosophy of psychological determinism and make it so dramatic and entertaining attests to PT Anderson's incredible film making skills and of course the rare acting talent of Daniel Day-Lewis.
0307120007|5.0|This is the best touch and feel book I have come across...your baby can not only pat the bunny but also do several other things like learn to play peek-a-boo, smell the flowers, look in the mirror and so on...my daughter absolutely loves looking at the book and I love reading it out to her...whenever she cries I start reciting the book to her to calm her down and it works! she has the book memorised coz as soon as I get to the end she starts waving bye-bye just before I get to that part...however, I wish this book would come in a sturdier version (like a board-book) as my daughter has already torn off her first copy and I had to buy another copy for her...
B000YA9R3C|5.0|This has been a highly touted movie. After seeing it I can see why. This  movie is about the early days of the oil industry. Daniel Plainview is the  starring role in this movie(played very ably Daniel Day-Lewis. Plainview  makes his first oil strike in Coyote Hills in California. He is then given a tip about bountiful reserves in Little Boston in Southern California. After buying up the surrounding land he begins drilling. He  brings in a huge well(knowon as an elephant field in the industry). When  the field comes in his son is injured and loses his hearing. Standard Oil   offers to buy out his holdings. He refuses and decides to build a pipeline  with Union Oil. All the while he is showing signs of being unstable.This  movie was also well researched in the industry of oil. You have a good  showing of drilling techniques as well as putting out a burning oil well.  They did a good job of obtaining oil equipment fot the mpvie.Daniel Day  lewis did a very good acting job in the movie. Desoite a long movie you  will not leave your seat.
B000WTBMBK|5.0|I just came to be aware of Burial by chance and I think this CD is the best dance vibe I've heard since \\"All Systems Gone\\" by Presence which is actually  house music with a so called chill mode. Burial is a lot darker and not being that aware of dubstep since I am a Yank but I'm old enough to know that the roots of Burial is also house music and some of the great techno that came out of Detroit which was also rooted in house. I just wanted to add my 2 cents since I am really hyped up on Burial. I just love it!
B000JU7N7E|5.0|In this world of universal brouhaha one must, on occasion, stop and laugh.  This book fulfills that simple goal.  Other reviewers will give you specifics but I simply wish to pay tribute to the abilities of Misters Gaiman and Pratchett for bringing to the world a brief respite from the non-stop threats and chaos that assail us all on a daily basis.<br /><br />For additional reading, I recommend \\"American Gods\\" by Neil Gaiman and \\"The Truth\\" by Terry Pratchett.
B000OYC3J8|3.0|I heard a lot of great things about this album before it came out. I read a lot of reviews proclaiming it's singular brilliance. I myself am a massive fan of The White Stripes. The stage could not have been set any better for this to be a new favourite of mine. That said, there was, of course, the small matter of actually listening to the album.  It's not bad. It is, however, terribly average. Opener \\"Icky Thump\\" is bold, and I like it very much. The cover this time around is \\"Conquest,\\" which I adored. The rest of it didn't hit me as terribly exciting. \\"You Don't Know What Love Is\\" was touted as one of, and, as it is now the next year, I can say it was often included in lists of, the year's best songs, and I found it to be far to average; I've heard the same song a hundred times before, if not more.  There are great moments here, but the album as a whole does not live up to Elephant or Get Behind Me Satan, and is certainly not deserving of most of its praise.
0805079831|5.0|The Shock Doctrine by Naomi Klein    [ a very brief summary by Dennis Bowles ]      Please do not dismiss this brief summary or the complete book lightly. The information presented by Ms. Klein appears to be extremely well researched and documented. It is disturbing and indicts those of us who sat back and accepted official government accounts of global political and economical events from 1973 through 2007.    Ms Klein details how \\"disaster capitalists\\" used the shocks of such natural disasters to implement disaster capitalism schemes devised by Milton Friedman. Friedmanand other \\"Chicago Boys\\" - as University of Chicago neo-conservative economists came to be known - advocated extreme economic measures such as denationalizing industries and deregulating prices. These measures systematically attack the economic lower and middle class - via hyperinflation and unemployment to the benefit of the ultra rich and multinational corporations. One could describe the process as \\"reverse Robin Hood\\" syndrome.    When Chicago School style neo-conservatives encounter opposition to the implementation of their economic shock plans, the usual response is individual shock. Using the CIA Kubark Manual as a guide, torturers use \\"rendition\\" and \\"enhanced interrogation\\" to control key individuals such as labor leaders and activists. Another curious response to opposition is to impose martial and suspend elections to ensure that economic plans proceed. Most of us associate the term disaster with nature- tornado, tsunami and the like. Friedman, et al expanded the definition of disaster [ and shock] to also include such political events as the Pinochet coup in Chile, Tiananmen Square Massacre, and the collapse of the Soviet Union. Sadly CIA, IMF, WTO, and USA collusion in the shock doctrine and disaster capitalism is exposed.     Perhaps the most surprising revelations in the book are outsourcing of government functions such as security [ Blackwater ] and military support [ Halliburton] inIraq and Homeland Security and reconstruction after Hurricane Katrina. Sadly, this is more of the \\"reverse Robin Hood\\" syndrome in that the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Worst of all, in this variation, the U.S. government serves as a conduit- collecting taxes then awarding no bid contracts for work that is often over-billed and under-completed.    The book does end on an upbeat note showing examples of communities that have recovered from the devastating effects of shock doctrine / disaster capitalism. Unfortunately, this recovery has   taken up to 30 years.
0374280967|5.0|Through an unfortunate couple of circumstances the Queen of England is introduced to the evil of reading books. Happening on a mobile book van one day she tours the vehicle and meets a kitchen servant, Norman who seduces her into reading  a book. Matters get worse when she promotes Norman to an aide who advises her on reading material. Naturally the Queen's staff is upset over this new habit of hers. She now finds herself carrying a book wherever she goes, and despite the efforts of her minders to hide her books, she sinks deeper and deeper into her addiction.<br /><br />One day it's Balzac, and then it's Fielding and even Hardy. She neglects her official duties of ribbon cutting and mingling with the common folk. Why spend time in those endeavors when Proust sits on her bookshelf demanding to be read. To stop this downward spiral Norman is spirited away from the castle and sent to a distant location.<br /><br />Oh the horror of it all. What can be done? She pays less and less attention to her dress, and withdraws into the life of a reclusive bibliophile. The suspense mounts. Will she somehow be rescued from this debilitating habit? Well, of course, I can't give that away. You'll just have to read this extremely funny book to find out.
0142000655|5.0|once i got the shippment from amazon, i open the book to check it, and i start read the first page, by the time i recognise that i should contenue what i was busy with, i found that i reach to page 50, and i am still reading, very reach with variables and .... what can i say here, \\"Drawing With Words\\"
0618918248|4.0|I started to read this as part of a challenge from a discussion group. Although I don't see eye to eye with Dawkins I find it an interesting and thought provoking read. I'd recommend it to anyone seeking to understand atheism and some of the objections about believers, particularly Christianity. If you're already an atheist you might find a kindred spirit  {no pun intended} in Dawkins as he encourages atheists to be open and vocal.
075640407X|3.0|For the first half of the book, I was intrigued by the concepts and characters along with the novel take on the fantasy genre but ultimately this book disappointed.  The character development was interminably long, is there some rule that every fantasy story has to span thousands of pages?  Do they have editors at the publishing houses anymore?  The book really dragged on and the psychoanalysis of the hero got fatiguing.  I am all for having a developed plot and characters with depth in a fantasy series but there has to be some way to keep the writing tight.
0316067598|5.0|This might have been the best book I've read in my 46 yrs of life, other than the Bible.... Marcus gives us the feeling that we're there with him,Axe, Danny and Mikey on that granite mountain top and falling all the way down with Marcus. Watching this impossible situation unfold for these gallant, noble, loyal, tough as hell American heroes is riveting to say the least. I found myself with tears streaming down my cheeks at multiple points of this book. Not because of typically sad parts but because of the love, sacrifice and courage these men displayed for each other and our great country.   I come away from this book with an increased respect and love  (and I already respected them greatly) for our military, especially Special OPS, and a greater love for my country. Marcus' continued reliance on his faith sustained him in many ways through his harrowing experience and I'm sure will continue to guide him the rest of this precious life. The good Lord watched over him and he noticed and didn't take it for granted.   I'm sure Marcus will fight those demons forever but he's man enough no doubt. 'Seal Team 10' will forever be in my prayers and this awesome book about Brotherhood,Bravery, Sacrifice, Family, Faith,Love and Perseverance will always set the standard for those traits. God Bless the members of Seal Team 10 and their families, including Marcus Luttrell, and God Bless our Military. HOOYAY!
B000P6PVLC|5.0|Babel is easily the best fim released in 2006. It combines scenery, drama, chance, tragedy and in any case the best soundtrack produced in many years. I can tell from some reviews not everyone is grasping the concept. All the better: this was never meant to be a film for everyone. If you do get the message however it is brilliant.
B000QFAJ7S|2.0|I'm very disapointed by this cd. I first heard Kelly on the dvd of The princess diaries 2 and bought her album Breakaway soon after. Now that is an amazing album. So I thought I should give this one a try and wow, I was surprised at how bad it was. Overall I only like 2 songs on this cd. I think the main thought I had while listening to it was: It's not because you can sing loud that you need to do it constantly.
B00005JKED|5.0|Denzil Washington arguably is one of the best if not one of the Top Ten actors (male) working in Hollywood in present time. This is not a bold statement. He's a natural, and has that innate ability to evoke emotion from his audience.<br /><br />Denzil won the Oscar for Best Actor in 2002 for his role in Training Day. I have not seen the film in years and it presented itself the other day, reminding me that actors like Ethan Hawke & Denzil Washington, when working with a good script, (author, David Ayer) can do wonders...and both artists' certainly rose to this particular occasion, making Training Day a memorable film.<br /><br />Personally, when not reading for study or research, good thrillers and detective stories are my genre of choice; Training Day from the start pulled me in as we do not know how \\"bad\\" Alonzo (Washington) really is...but he's bad to the bone!<br /><br />Training Day is not your usual plot for this genre.<br /><br />Training Day is a well crafted film, authentic L.A. locations, great soundtrack, and Director Antoine Fuqua along with the spot on editing of Conrad Buff and excellent soundtrack (original) Mark Mancina along with the original song by Tobin Asperence, \\"Last Resort\\", only adds to the films production value and class.<br /><br />But films like Training Day are the films that attempt to reveal \\"reality\\" in its based form and accomplishes it.<br /><br />Seeing Training Day again after many years shows me that the attempt to suspend disbelief, particularly pushing for genuine \\"reality\\" in film, with a good script and great actors, is hard to beat.<br /><br />Training Day is one such film.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|This cd is completely amazing, some of the new rock bands could take a good lesson while listening to this cd. Not one bad song. If you like rock music you need to have it.
0307387178|4.0|The story of Chris McCandless is one that struck deep into the recesses of what I believe to be my soul. I can't really pinpoint how or why every time I think of the story (well written btw) or even hear the music that embodies the movie version of his tale, that it sends shivers down my spine and throughout my body. I can't help but understand the romantic idealism that Chris portrayed and sometimes the deep depression and dissatisfaction caused by materialism and greed and just the unfortunate realities of life that we all suffer through or just blindly accept. But in his way, he rebelled against it, even if it was ill-planned. He did not prepare well for the wilderness - this is true.     The book did a wonderful job of piecing together his spotty life after he left from Emory, and more-so an even better job of convincing its readers that this is the actual truth. The book may be non-fiction, but for the most part, Krakauer has to be reliant on the people that he intervied to piece the story together, and he has to rely on the inconclusive suggestions that McCandless may have poisoned himself with the seeds he was eating.     Yet what about our hunter-gather ancestors of the past, they didn't have so much as gore-tex shoes, a shotgun, fancy weather resistant clothing, bags of rice they could buy from the store, or any of these modern accoutrements that we do. With that said, they did however LEARN the skills necessary to survive. Did McCandless not bring food and supplies necessary to survive? He lived for three months! I think he was doing alright for a time, and I believe he managed to get by day to day in a caloric perspective. He lost a lot of weight and body fat, but he was getting enough calories for the majority of the time to where he could hunt and forage without great difficulty. Then something went wrong - No one ACTUALLY knows what went wrong. Krakauer can deduce whatever he wants and suspect that there were alkaloids or molds or whatever sorts of toxins, which have not been actually proven to be in Chris' system at the time, and he can then change his story again in another new version of the book. In his most current version, Krakauer deduced from weather forcasts from the time Chris was in Alaska, the seeds were then moldy because a persiod of ten days worth of rain, and Chris ate moldy seeds (don't you think he would have noticed mold??). I think Chris was intelligent enough to not eat moldy seeds. But that is something only Chris would have been able to tell us.     Life is tough, and anyone who calls Chris stupid himself is not even trying to look at the world through his eyes.
1594489505|5.0|Afghan-American novelist Hosseini's second novel tops his first, Kite Runner.  This story covers three decades of civil and cold wars in Afghanistan.  Mariam is the illegitimate child of a wealthy businessman.  At 15 years of age, she is forced to marry a 40 year old shoemaker who is desperate to have a son.  When she fails to have any children after many miscarriages, he turns psychologically cold and physically brutal.  Many years later her husband takes in a 14 year old girl (Laila) whose parents were killed in rocket fire - in pursuit to have her bear his son.  She marries him after she decides that she has limited options aside from prostitution and starvation.  The physical abuse eventually extends to both Laila and Mariam and the story continues.  Hosseini paints a vivid picture of the environment where women have little freedom and are solely dependent on men (and sons) for their survival and their destiny.  Life for Mariam and Laila is harsh and filled with despair, physical violence and little hope - and Hosseini tells his story in such an effective manner you can feel each kick and punch.
B00006CXSS|5.0|The best movie and series ever made. Great insight into the great valor of the men of the 101st. Can't wait for The Pacific War series to come out in 2008.<br />Hero's of Heros!
B000002LSV|4.0|mostly fun to listen to...on the way to work it is motivating!  I don't care from Track 5&6 but that is a personal preference.
B000VBJEFK|5.0|This is a great movie for everyone, it has a lot of humor and the picture and audio quality are some of the best I've ever seen.I would recommend this to anyone.
B000NA77YO|4.0|Many Sabbath fans seem to be divided into two camps:- Ozzy era and Dio era. The Dio era fans seem to be far more narrow minded and won't accept Ozzy's contribution to this classic group. For me Black Sabbath's albums from their first release up to and including the magnificant Sabotage are pure class.     However,the two final Ozzy albums with Sabbath are very sub standard with drugs and Iommi's ego taking their toll. Iommi also tried to push them into a more mainstream sound making Sabbath sound like Queen. Ozzy was given the push and along came the little man with the big ego,Mr Ronnie James Dio     However the results, Heaven and Hell and Mob Rules were stunning. The sound was totally different and Sabbath came bombing into the 1980's It's hard to chose the best songs from them, but The Dio Years album has done a pretty good job. Neon Nights, Lady Evil, Die Young, Turn Up The Night etc. Fantastic!     We are given 3 songs from Dehumanizer and although they're not of the same standard as Heaven And Hell and Mob Rules, they're still very credible.     I'm glad that only one song has been chosen from Live Evil. The sound is tinny and muted and the audience may not as well have been there as they're so far down in the mix     The 3 news songs:- The Devil Cried, Shadow Of The Wind and Ear In The Wall aren't exactly earth shattering and won't go down as classics, but they're very listenable all the same.     So I highly recommend this album. Ozzy fans, don't close your ears to the Dio era and Dio fans, don't close your ears to the Ozzy era. Both are fantastic.
B00008V5VN|5.0|After Sleeps Holy Mountain has infected your brain with it's purity and perfect metal essense you will want to go deeper into the music.. this album delivers on that in a big way, a single 60 minute track of the best heavy metal ever created.. broken into several movements it's a deeper release than \\"Holy Mountain\\" and delves further into less constructed elements and more structureless forms.
B000009HF2|1.0|For years this album has been highly placed in the \\"best live rock albums ever\\" stakes. I 've read glowing reviews of how fantastic it is. I'd heard two songs from it \\"Baby, I Love Your Way\\" and \\"Show Me The Way.\\" I'd thought that they weren't exactly rock and indeed they were usually played on easy listening stations.     So I took the plunge and bought it. What a let down. I can't even begin to fathom how such lightweight, overdubbed, easy listening rubbish has wormed it's way into the \\"great live albums\\". Doobie Wah, Wind Of Change, Penny For Your Thoughts etc wouldn't be out in a hotel lobby     I'm not denying Frampton is a good guitar player, but don't assault your ears with this pap, you'd be far better off with Humble Pie's Rockin The Fillmore.
B00000583F|5.0|You will put this in your system and never take it out.. this is one of the greats of heavy metal. from the opening riffs of Dragonaught, you know you're going on a auditory journey into space and time where your soul will be thrown into an endless chasm of grinding riifs and massive basslines, there are few albums like this and I reccomend you buy it now.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|This is a fantastic remaster! no marks crackles or pops. Previously i had bought a cheap version off play, terrible copy, unwatchable. This is brilliant. and the colour version is unbeliveable! you cant belive your eyes ,it is so good, buy it!
B000YENUIQ|4.0|This movie is a surprisingly on of the best movies i've seen in a long time. At least it's not a remake of another movie or TV show. Vigo Mortensen plays a very believable Russian gangster. I loved the details that they put into the tattoo work. The fight scene in the shower is very exciting to watch. It's not one of these scenes were the main character goes in and beats up everyone , and never gets a scrath. The only thing I could say bad about this movie is that it has a typical David Cronenberg ending. It just stops. It leaves you thinking \\"THATS IT!\\"
0694003611|5.0|How wonderful to locate reasonable prices on ageless classics such as \\"Good Night, Moon.\\"  Watching a 3-year-old grandson enjoying the same pictures that your own children loved - life doesn't get any better than this.
B000VL9XNI|5.0|if you are a fan of old and new acdc this is a must for any collection
B000003CMB|5.0|This CD is of the Allman Brothers Live at Fillmore East in NY. In an interview with Rolling Stone Magazine and Bill Graham (owner of Fillmore East and West) they asked him what were some of the best concerts he ever put on and he replied: Allman Brothers live at Fillmore east.And this CD can back up that quote!
B000EGF0QY|5.0|When David Sedaris is in top form, there is nobody funnier. I think this is his best collection of all - hardly a dud story in the bunch. The \\"rabbit of easter\\" story, detailing hilarious misunderstandings in his French class, can make me howl just remembering it.<br /><br />A very funny writer, at the top of his game. The only thing funnier than reading this book is to hear Sedaris read the stories on tape.
B000021Y7X|5.0|Talking Heads is a Great Band and this Video is probably one of the best things they did. Its a concert that is so energetic that you can't sit down to watch this.
B000KKPN5C|4.0|When used straight on it does the same thing as the in-built flash, I suppose I should have bought a diffuser to it. But when I bounce it it's just awesome and creates professional looking results.
B0009UC7H0|5.0|THIS MOVIE ROCKS! A co-worker recommended Clive Cussler to me to read, but told me not to watch the movie based on his 11th Dirk Pitt book, Sahara, because I would be grossly disappointed. After reading the first book I was hooked and mildly curious how the subject matter could not be easily translated into movie form. I took the challenge then and there. In the course of three weeks I read book after book, thousands and thousands of pages, until I read the entire series through Sahara. I then purchased the movie to make my own judgement. As mentioned earlier this movie rocked. It was fun and exciting. Sure it wasn't the exact plot from the book. Sure it didn't have a life changing message. It has all the things you want in an escape from reality movie. Just sit back and enjoy the ride.
B00004STUL|5.0|This movie for the time is one of the great hits.  this movie is a must have.  Can't beat this price, and i did shop around town.
B000OCY7JE|5.0|This movie is a must see. I have not seen a better movie in many years.
1592289444|5.0|Outstanding book. Hard to believe he survived. Shows how things were in USSR and cruelty of humans. Also, kindness displayed by strangers.
B000YIGNKE|1.0|I am \\"all astonishment\\" that the BBC could film such a version of Persuasion.  No chemistry between Anne and Captain Wentworth, no suspense in the relationship between Anne and Mr. Elliot, no character development, and the end, which in the book was romantic and satisfying was a total let down.  Buy the Amanda Root 1995 movie.  It is much truer to the spirit of the book.
B00005JPXY|3.0|Think \\"Blair Witch\\" meets \\"Godzilla\\" meets \\"War of the Worlds\\".<br />A monster attacks NYC and You Are There... thanks to a group of twenty-something yuppies who happen to be making a home movie when the attack occurs. They leave the camcorder rolling--\\"to document the event\\"--while they run for their lives, from one scary gory scene to the next.  Ok, that wouldn't really happen, but hey, this is a sci-fi horror flick, so let's pretend and see where things go...<br /><br />The film is nothing more than the video shot by the characters as the action unfolds.  It's a creative device that provides great realism.  We see events occur from the eyes of those experiencing them, complete with jerky camera movements, as the filmmaker reacts to horrific events.  You really do feel like you are there, with all the fear and shock of living through a nightmare.  Which begs the question:  why would anyone want to see anything like that?  But for those that enjoy films of this genre because they are adrenaline junkies and like to be scared out of their wits, this film will be all that you could want.<br /><br />Yet there are problems with sticking to the camcorder perspective.  First, the camera is poorly operated, meaning all during the film everything is tilted, jerky, blurry, etc.  It's hard to sit through 90 minutes of that.  It's also difficult to get to know, or care about, any of the characters when all you know of them comes from brief poorly-filmed video clips unfolding in real time.  The plot line involves these characters bravely trying to rescue each other and save themselves.  It could have been emotionally powerful, but we feel strangely detached, because we haven't connected with these people and we are watching all the action through distracting camera shots.<br /><br />But the biggest limitation is that we can only ever get a narrow view of what is a grand spectacle, and we can never know more than what the characters know.  Think of it:  a monster is traipsing through Manhattan yet all we can see are glimpses of it through a jerky camera.  As a sci-fi fan, I wanted to know more about the monster:  where did it come from, what were it's intentions, what could the government do against it, etc.  The film tries to compensate for those limitations by allowing the characters to see TV news reports and go up in a helicopter where we get a bird's eye view of the destruction.  But it wasn't enough for me.  My questions were never answered, and I found the ending very unsatisfying.<br /><br />Sci-fi horror films of an era can reflect the collective fears of the time.  During the 50's, it was the Soviet Union, showing up as aliens threatening our way of life.  This film clearly draws inspiration from the attacks of 9/11.  The monster represents our fear of the terrorist threat, arriving without warning and taking aim at symbols of our culture (here, the Statue of Liberty) before trying to destroy everyone and everything for no apparent reason.  In that sense, perhaps the film is merely a reflection of our collective anxiety, and there are no good answers.  If so, then the film succeeds as a realistic and scary portrayal of a nightmarish event.  Still, I would have preferred a more satisfying story.ttan yet all we can see are glimpses of it through a jerky camera.    As a sci-fi fan, I wanted to know more about the monster:  where did it come from, what were it's intentions, what could the government do against it, etc.   The film tries to compensate for those limitations by allowing the characters to see TV news reports and go up in a helicopter where we get a bird's eye view of the destruction.   But it wasn't enough for me.  My questions were never answered, and I found the ending very unsatisfying.    Sci-fi horror films of an era can reflect the collective fears of the time.   During the 50's, it was the Soviet Union, showing up as aliens threatening our way of life.  This film clearly draws inspiration from the attacks of 9/11.   The monster represents our fear of the terrorist threat, arriving without warning and taking aim at symbols of our culture (here, the Statue of Liberty) before trying to destroy everyone and everything for no apparent reason.    In that sense, perhaps the film is merely a reflection of our collective anxiety, and there are no good answers.     If so, then the film succeeds as a realistic and scary portrayal of a nightmarish event.  Still, I would have preferred a more satisfying story.
B000YIGNKE|2.0|Although this version is easier to follow than the Amanda Root/Ciaran Hines edition, I really did not care for it.  It moved too fast, and just wasn't as believable.  Did not care for Rupert-Penry Jones as Captain Wentworth.    Glimpses into Anne's thoughts and diaries really help viewers understand the intricacies of her relationship with Wentworth, but there just wasn't any chemistry in the film.    Glad we bought the Amanda Root/Ciaran Hines version.
B000QCUB8I|4.0|In listening to Justice's album 'Cross' one gets the distinct, almost inescapable, sense that this band really, really, really wants to be Daft Punk. Sadly, the only people that can pull that off are already walkin' around with goofy helmets and hanging out with Kanye West. That being said, this is a really good album. There's a lot of creativity and talent that comes across in 'Cross'. A great 'discovery' for anyone with that 7 year itch.
B000P6YNSE|4.0|I admit I tend to see this as the weakest of the three seasons offered so far; this is mainly because the first six episodes that aired before the Christmas break got entirely too bogged down with the Jack-Kate-Sawyer triangle and ignored the rest of the castaways at the beach. But still, when the action did finally pick up, it did not disappoint at all. Here are all the creepy coincidences, plot twists and solid drama we have come to expect from this first-rate series.I have noted that each season seems to have a major theme running through it: with the first it was \\"Fate vs Free Will\\", in season two it was \\"Faith vs Science\\" and for number three it's \\"Us vs Them\\". Expect lots of explorations of group dynamics: belonging to them, being exiled from them, or leading them. Deciding who is friend or foe and how one defines an \\"enemy\\". Great stuff here; a must have for all Losties.
B000GLKLCK|5.0|I have owned Murray Perahia's Mozart: The Complete Piano Concertos in all of its incarnations: audio cassette, lps, individual cds ,1991 box set and now this, the definitive release of these legendary performances-the 2006 DSD(Direct Stream Digital) remastered collection. The reputation of Perahia and the ECO in the Mozart piano concertos is almost without peer. Indeed, there are many fine sets available that come close, including Uchida, Anda, Barenboim, Bilson, etc. (many of which I've heard and/or owned,) but the Perahia 2006 set is truly the finest. The sound is brilliantly new & clear on this remastered set, now available at half what the 1991 set cost when it was first released. Perahia has a special bond with these works, very much like Artur Rubinstein has with the music of Chopin, Zoltan Kocsis has with the music of Bartok & Debussy and Georges Cziffra has with the music of Franz Liszt. It is quite apparent that the Mozart piano concertos touch Murray Perahia to the depths of his artistic soul, stunningly shown here on this latest complete box set.<br />My wife recently asked me if I could keep only one release from my extensive classical cd collection ( numbering in the neighborhood of 2000 discs to date,)what would it be. There is no doubt-this Mozart set from Perahia is the one! It would be among the absolute crown jewels of any good music collection.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|she is a very talented singer....good quality... fast shipping
0743298039|4.0|I went on a book shopping spree when I got paid, and I ended up picking up this. It sounded interesting, and it was about books. What more can I say? I love books, I have three bookcases full, and ever since I learned to read (my dad just could NOT do the voices in the Narnia stories), I've always had my nose buried in a book.<br /><br />The thing about The Thirteenth Tale, is that there's so much more to it than the actual blurb gives away. There's so much in it, and it tells the story so well. And I loved the title. I also loved a quote on the back, which said that you'd start reading it on the bus, and got so engrossed in it, that you would miss your stop. I never believe these random little quotes, from newspapers/magazines etc, but that one I did actually believe. It totally draws you into that world, and you end up turning the pages as fast as possible. I even ended up reading well into the night, under the covers, with my mobile light to read by, not something I've done since I was young, when I used to sit by my bedroom window, so I could carry on reading!<br /><br />If you pass this by in the bookshop, pick it up. It's well worth the read. Just don't blame me if you miss your bus stop!
B000AYEL6U|5.0|BBC's North & South is one of my favorites.  The plot (struggles with the rise of both the working class and their manufacturing employers) and the romantic thread throughout the movie were realistic and engrossing. Pleasantly surprised to see an actual working cotton mill.    Very believable cast.  Even the supporting characters fit the parts perfectly and contributed greatly to the enjoyment of this movie.    Found myself holding my breath, hoping Margaret would look back.    It's a great story, that illustrates very well both sides to the labor/management issues.  Found myself siding with both Mr. Higgins and Mr. Thorton at times.  The story comes to completion naturally and believably.    And of course, it has one of the best endings!
0486417751|5.0|A classic that should be read by anyone interested in expanding their vocabulary, and their use of the english language
B000MRAAJW|5.0|I originally saw the series on the discovery channel without HD and knew I had to get it.  I know have an hd capable tv with an hd-dvd player and this makes the series unbelievable.  The picture looks amazing!!!!
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is a great series about Easy Company.  Pretty much the perfect gift for any guy, especially those in the military.
0439882826|5.0|This is an awesome book.  It takes \\"pop-up\\" books to a new level.  With working lightsabres and fantastic detail, it is a must for any Star Wars fan.
B000001FKY|5.0|This is the best album of the 1980's.<br /><br />It goes right to the edge of selling out without doing so.......Hysteria amounts to a greatest hits album....20 million sold...and 20 years later it is still better than anything on the radio.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|Like this version of \\"Persuasion\\".  Amanda Root and Ciaran Hines fit the roles well.      Amanda's \\"Anne\\" suffers quietly, but is not a martyr.  She expresses well her frustration with her self-centered sister Mary, without saying a word.    Only drawback was that it was difficult to understand who was who and their relation to each other at the beginning.  Had to watch it twice to catch on to all of the plot.  Read the book later, and they did stay true to it.      It's one we enjoy watching again.
1559408855|1.0|This must have been one of the worst movies i have ever seen. I mean with all the hype that i had read up on i thought it would be worth the time. When i started the movie i thought to myself oooo i cant wait to see some gore and watnot. I got nothing wat soever nothing to even think of looking away from the screen. I thought to myself this film is just more of a werid fantasy of a old deranged man who was beaten and abused as a child. To recomend this movie to a friend i would rather save my breath and time which i wont get back from watching this movie. STAY AWAY
1595141715|5.0|I was lucky enough to hear the author and one of his writing friends read an excerpt from this book.  I got goosebumps listening to this haunting tale and vowed I HAD to buy this book.    Clay Jensen comes home from school and finds a box of tapes from Hannah Baker--a girl who now is dead.  The tapes reveal the names of several classmates who affected Hannah in some way.  Clay listens to the tapes and finds out some secrets that might have lead to Hannah's final act.  But he also learns the truth about himself.  Life will never be the same.    A haunting tale that is guaranteed to keep the reader at the edge of his seat.  The serious subject of suicide is one that is discussed but how many people actually know what to do when someone they know is crying out for help?  One scene really hit me hard.  In one of Hannah's classrooms  she writes an note saying she's thinking of suicide without signing her name.  The reaction of the teacher and class will shock you.    This book stayed with me long after I finished the last page.  I highly recommend this story.  If anything it will have you think twice about what you say or do around others and realize that there are consequences to your actions.
0061251305|5.0|Tribal Leadership provides a tool to leaders and groups of people working with one another that will turbo-charge their ability to accomplish great things together.      The authors offer clear insights into how we can substantially improve performance, not just in corporate environments, but in all endeavors that involve opportunities for people to collaborate with one another.  In addition to improving what the \\"tribe\\" might accomplish together, the insights offered in this book describe how naturally occurring leadership skills can intentionally, consciously be improved by each of us as individuals.
B000KCHZK6|5.0|If you like Norah Jones, you'll love this CD.  I'm a huge fan and the tracks on this CD are quintessential Norah.  I love it!
B00005JLD4|5.0|This movie illustrated what so many people with different beliefs have had to suffer through at the hands of those who thought they knew what was best for someone they perceive as different (and wrong) and who abused the power they were given. Mr. Neville was given the task of \\"protecting\\" the Aboriginal people but in essence what he was doing was hoping to extract the Aborigine from the \\"half-castes\\", as they were called, the children of mixed parentage to make their descendants \\"white\\" again. The three girls were taken forcibly from their mother simply because they had a white father. In watching the movie, I wondered why the children had white fathers and in one telling scene, it appears that these women were treated as whores by white men and left to raise these children. In many ways it makes me ashamed and disgusted to be white when I see injustices such as these being played out.   This was a religious battle, as the girls were sent to a Catholic internment camp. Some of the girls had given up but in some scenes you see the joy in knowing that those three girls got away. They wish it had been them.  They still held fast to their own heritage in spite of it and you could see the pride they felt when in reading an article, it was said that the only trace they found of the three girls was a rabbit skin. They giggled over this and you just knew that they were feeling the pride of their own heritage and background, having been raised to be hunters themselves. My favorite scene was the one where the mother, grandmother and other women of the tribe were chanting and praying to the spirits to watch over the girls.   This was an incredible movie, it touched me as a mother and as a person.
B000NZD9RS|5.0|This seller gave me a good deal, and the LP was in great condition. Great price, shipped quickly.
B00006CXGM|5.0|I beleive Brad Pit is at his Best in this Movie.n  The entire cast is Great.    I would Recommend this movie to my friends.
B000VI6T6K|5.0|It's about time that Jimi's monumental show at the Monterey Pop Festival has been re-issued on audio CD. It's been out-of-print for many years now, and up until this point, the only way of acquiring an audio recording of this beauty, was to own the Monterey Pop boxed set (and even this is a bit hard to come by, nowadays.)<br /><br />Well, it is back, my friends! Any major fan of Hendrix, and/or classic rock in general will - no doubt - know how legendary the night of June 18th, 1967 was for Hendrix, and his \\"experience\\" (Noel Redding on bass, Mitch Mitchell on drums), not to mention what we fans of rock were treated to. It was truly a miraculous night, and Hendrix and crew blazed through these cuts with a raging passion, only to top it all off with the infamous conclusion of \\"Wild Thing\\" (to spite Pete Townshend, to blow the minds of everyone who saw it, and for a good ol' healthy \\"release\\"--all three of these feats were accomplished, and them some!)<br /><br />The re-issue itself has nice remastering, and the sound is amazing. However, the packaging is a little strange to me...particularly the liner notes. Of course, I realize this was released in conjunction with the DVD version of this concert, but this still needs to be said. First off, the CD comes in digi-pak format (as opposed to standard jewel case format), and the booklet is housed on the left side of the cardboard package. The booklet contains quite a few photos of the gang; some came from the show, while others are more rare shots taken from soundchecks. The liner notes strike me as strange, due to the fact that what's mentioned is more about the Monterey Pop Festival itself (e.g. how it came about), than it does about Hendrix and the Experience's performance that night (given this program is for Hendrix's spot during the show, and not about an overview of the entire 3-day show, and all the artists that appeared.) The liner notes that are included seem as if they would be more appropriate for the complete Monterey Pop Festival boxed set (if it ever resurfaces), than they would for a single artist featured from the concert; not one word was mentioned about Hendrix & The Experience's legendary performance that night (though I suppose many already know the gist about their performance that night, but that's not the point.)<br /><br />All in all, this needs to be snatched up, if you're a diehard of Hendrix. You never know how long it'll be around, before it gets taken off the shelves...again.stival boxed set (if it ever resurfaces), than they would for a single artist featured from the concert; not one word was mentioned about Hendrix & The Experience's legendary performance that night (though I suppose many already know the gist about their performance that night, but that's not the point.)    All in all, this needs to be snatched up, if you're a diehard of Hendrix. You never know how long it'll be around, before it gets taken off the shelves...again.
B000OCXMAE|4.0|I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it.  I like it, not as much as her, but it's still got a few great tunes on it.  Linkin Park is a good band and the CD is an overall quality acquisition for Linkin Park fans.
B000002LSV|5.0|I had this album on tape and enjoyed it . I purchased a cd because i was wearing ou the tape.
B00008PC2O|5.0|My dad and I have always watched these movies together. This DVD was excellent quality for a cheap price.
B000TLTUL0|5.0|I haven't see this yet. I plan to, when it comes out on DVD. I was just wondering, how much of Sweeney Todd is legend in the movie/musical, and how much was based on what actually happened?  Chantell
B000E8N690|5.0|If you're a Johnny Cash fan, a country music fan or just a fan of great movies you need to add this one to your collection.  It's excellent!
140120306X|5.0|Once again, the Nottingham Bard fails to disappoint. Even with the story no longer concentrating on the original line up and bringing a slightly more contemporary feel to the book this latest addition falls nicely in with the previous volumes.    Slightly different in style to the previous books with the main plot being more intercut with excerpts from the titular Black Dossier (on varying paper stocks and sizes for added effect) it provides an engrossing and layered experience.    The inclusions of classic British characters including Billy Bunter and the backdrop of 1984 (48) are often inspired and completely at odds with childhood memories.    A slight shame, therefore, that it's unavailable in the author's homeland ~ undoubtedly for copyright reasons too many to list~ and we are forced to import!    Bring your head - you'll need it on the trip!
B000MQC9H4|5.0|I love this movie. The way the characters are situated and what happens in their lives. So many of us could understand Iris and Amandas issues. The story line is good, long but good. Great movie for girls night out. Me, my mom and sister watched this one night for our girls movie night and we loved it. We laughed...we just enjoyed it.
B000W4KT64|1.0|We never got to see the movie as the dvd would not work and it was a replacement for a previous one that did not work  So we cannot review the movie.  sorry
B0000DJZA5|5.0|If you like the Beatles, add this one to your collection.  It's worth the price and the quality is excellent.
B000MTPANQ|5.0|I grew up listening to Neil Young this is by far the best piece of documentation of his carrier, I have ever had the pleasure of adding to my library. Clapton may be god, but Young walks the earth like jesus, and where ever he goes, like jesus, his words and music sooth the soul
B0001AVZA8|5.0|I love this movie. It's bright and hopeful. I like the ages of the characters and their maturity. The story line is good too. I just don't like the few uses of profanity. I don't see how that is needed.
0143038419|5.0|While I 'm still only on the 27th \\"chapter\\", Italy. My review is somewhat jaded towards Gilbert's unsparing ability to openly reveal her gut's to her readers. \\"Self absorbed\\" Maybe, yes; however, she is writing about HER experiences, HER journey. How many publishers out there believe in a writer strongely enough to \\"foot the bill\\" on her trip, before the \\"boat has even left the dock\\"? Something to consider... Plus, let's not forget, and be thank-ful for, the many choices we have available to us in the ever unfolding, \\"book world\\". Once again, I like her fresh approach and ever self revealing belly.<br />Surely, \\"Gilbert's style\\" finds a genre of it's own in the travel section!... Thank~God!<br /><br />In responding to the first two, un-happy reviews.<br />It would appear some have bought the book, thinking Gilbert would be offering up, yet another typical, \\"Travel journal\\"... Well, blah blah blah. And I say also, you have your choices amoung many hundreds, so... \\"go fish\\"!
B0007TKNL0|5.0|Phantom of the Opera is one of our favorite musicals. We got this DVD from Amazon at at good price, and delivery. Very pleased with end result
B00003CXAA|4.0|Great acting all around and is worth the purchase! The Movie's were great.. definetly would recommend this to anyone who loves a good mob movie collection or like myself is a fan of Al Pacino.
0380820846|2.0|I waited and waited and was so excited when this book arrived...but the excitement was quickly forgotten. The story line is not good. I believe the writer could have done a much better work. In the beginning of the book the heroine \\"Penelope\\" is soft-spoken, shy, and has low self-esteem. Then all of a sudden she decides midpoint in the book that she shouldn't be this way..then it's like she changes out of nowhere. She starts to be outspoken and seeing that she is valuable. Nothing is wrong with this of course but it just wasn't believable.<br /><br />The hero \\"Colin\\" was way too nice. It was almost as if he was perfect. Nobody's perfect. I think the story line would have been better if he was a little bit more mean to her.<br /><br />Bottom line...out of all the Bridgerton series....this one has to be the worst.
068485743X|5.0|[[ASIN:9951408109 Vrasjet Dhe Makijazhet (Njesia Speciale E Krimeve, 1)]]<br /><br />Mr. Lukeman's book should be on the same shelf as your Shrunk and White's \\"Elements of Style\\" and Stephen King's \\"On Writing\\".  This book takes individual parts of fiction, explains what makes good writing and what makes bad writing, and then guides you through improving your own manuscript.  Mr. Lukeman's background lends authority to what he has to say, and he presents his ideas in a manner that make perfect sense.<br /><br />I wouldn't say that reading this book and following the suggestions will guarantee your own novel will be published.  Technique can be taught; talent comes from somewhere else.  But if you feel you have the capacity to be a writer, you can't go wrong incorporating Mr. Lukeman's teachings into your craft.
B000RW3YYA|5.0|As the Atlantis story continues, the episodes only become more funny and entertaining, as well as revealing more of the characters. This season has some of my favorite episodes including \\"McKay and Mrs. Miller\\" and \\"Phantoms.\\" The Atlantis team at their best.
B000MV90IU|4.0|The film is good and has the iconic car chase, but the extras are fantastic. One is a McQueen bio that is great. The two movie specials give alot of insight to the actual making of the film.<br />Blu-Ray picture is very good.
B00003CXSM|4.0|I love Jlo and even though her movies are mediocre this one is pretty good. I think the story line could have used some help in certain places but overall they both did a good job. The music is awesome. If you like Maid in Manhattan and How to lose a guy in 10 days...you'll like this.<br />The good think about it is it's a calming movie. Its a way to calm down and relax.
0393061310|4.0|This product is a great book.  It is everything I expected it to be and more.
B000YMBBH0|4.0|The movies rock - and I would have given the trilogy and price 5 stars, except with the shifting of 2 more movie studios to Blu Ray, it seems HD DVD will be dead before long.    Go with normal DVD's or Blu-Ray.
0375842209|3.0|This was one of those books I bought purely on hype and a great cover. The actual contents of the book left me not entirely convinced of its merits. Reading the other comments here made me realise it may originally have been intended as a teen read, which would place the style and content in better context.<br /><br />The story and plot of The Book Thief is essentially as simple as the synopsis on the dust jacket - it's a story about death, a jewish fistfighter, an accordion player and a woman who calls her husband a pig with monotonous regularity.<br /><br />The strength of the novel isn't really in the plot, but instead in Zukas' descriptive writing. He has a unique flair for metaphor that allows one to appreciate each moment from what feels like a unique vantage point.<br /><br />The story is also clearly intended to exert a strong emotional tug, but somehow it ended up feeling a bit contrived to me. Perhaps the problem is that several other writers have already explored the period and subject with great sensitivity - the novel 'I am David' comes to mind.<br /><br />I'm afraid there isn't much else to say about it, the writing is innovative and imaginative but the storyline and subject matter are unfortunately the stuff of cliché.
B000Y179KO|4.0|Well, it may not have had a huge punch like previous albums by the eagles, but its not a bad album. Some songs on the CD are very good and have strong meaning to them.     Songs such as \\"No More Walk in the Woods\\" is a heartfelt cry about the destruction of habitat that is occuring so much in todays' world. If that doesnt strike a nerve then there is the catchy country rock song typical of the eagles \\"How Long\\" which is one of the best. \\"No More Cloudy Days\\" another great love song crafted by Glen Frey. Other songs worthy of praise on the album include \\"Busy Being Fabulous, What Do I Do With My Heart, I Dont Want Want to Hear Any More, Waiting in the Weeds, and You Are Not Alone.     On disk two there is \\"Long Road out of Eden\\" which is a very different sounding song, but very unique as well.     Some of the songs on the album even reflect and mention religious content, which is really cool to see in their songs. One of them being \\"Frail Grasp on the Big Picture\\".
0061020710|5.0|Over the years I've read around a third of Terry Pratchett's Discworld book and have long intended to read the whole shebang from beginning to end.  In part as a personal gesture of support following Pratchett's recent announcement about a health problem that is probably going to bring his writing career to an end.  He has indicated that he has a novel that he is confident that he can complete, while he has laid down the outline for one more.  Unfortunately, neither of these is a Discworld novel, so sadly last fall's MAKING MONEY may have brought this wonderful series to an end.<br /><br />I initially read all of the Nightwatch books in the series, later adding a couple of random entries.  So I've had a fair taste of Discworld.  What amazes me about THE COLOR OF MAGIC is how complete and outrageous the series was from the very beginning.  Athena is said to have emerged fully grown from the head of her father Zeus, and Discworld seems to have similarly emerged from the imagination of Terry Pratchett.  I had expected to find the world I had come to love in the other books contained here only in embryo.  Instead, the whole world felt complete and familiar.<br /><br />The book concerns a visitor from a land very distant from Ankh-Morpork, Twoflower, who arrives with his luggage made of sapient pear tree and the attempts of the incompetent wizard Rincewind to act as his tour guide.  What ensues is an absolutely outrageous string of adventures.  What is amazing is the relentless brilliance of Pratchett's humor.  Things never turn out the way you expect, but always the better for that.<br /><br />I can't recommend this series highly enough.  The books have an order, but there is absolutely no need to read them in any kind of order.  I would say, however, that if one were to plunge into one of the series-with-the-series, like the Nightwatch books or the witch titles, one might want to stick to the order.  But from what I can tell, just about all the books in the series are worth reading.  My lone hope is that Mr. Pratchett's long-term health exceeds current expectations and that we will get to see additional Discworld stories.one hope is that Mr. Pratchett's long-term health exceeds current expectations and that we will get to see additional Discworld stories.
B000JZJYIA|5.0|Picked this up on a whim and was very glad.  I found myself chuckling the entire time.  Similar humor to Lamb.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|I found this to be a rare film, free of profanity and sex, depicting a life and an age to which I can relate, as I am 74.  This film, besides showing some beautiful scenic views of the midwest farmland, also gives us a glimpse into the mind of an old man (played by Richard Farnsworth) in his final years of life going to make peace with his brother who lives in another state and tells of the good and decent things of America he finds on the way.  A beautiful and unforgetable film. Of all the films I have purchased from Amazon, I consider this film to be one of the best.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas. He saw it in a BBC catalog and remembered watching it on Sunday afternoons when he was a boy. I was excited to get it for half the price on Amazon. He has enjoyed the DVD's immensely. Any history buffs would love them.
0143038583|4.0|After reading the Omnivore's Dilemma, you'll never look at the food in the grocery store in the same way.  Pollan loosely examines the ingredients in three meals (yes, the cover says four, but I count three): a MacDonald's drive-thru meal, eaten by his family in the car, a meal sourced from locally grown, organic meats and vegetables, and a meal comprised of foods that Pollan himself killed, harvested, or foraged for.  The Omnivore's Dilemma of the title refers to the tension within we omnivores between our craving for familiar foods and our attraction to novel foods.  Pollan develops this theme to ask, \\"What should we, who have so many choices (fast/organic/supermarket, etc.), eat?<br /><br />The book seesaws between great and self-indulgent.  When Pollan is giving us eyewitness details about the realities of \\"corn-fed beef\\" or background information of the impact of cheap corn on our social, economic, and environmental systems, I was rapt and drinking it in.  When he was navel-gazing, rambling on like a pothead, or reminding me of his wonderful lifestyle, my patience was taxed.  I think that's why it took me six months to get through The Omnivore's Dilemma.<br /><br />It's natural to compare the Omnivore's Dilemma to Pollan's previous book, [[ASIN:0375760393 The Botany of Desire]]. Both are personal narratives structured in sections that mix introspection with research and personal exploration.  The Botany of Desire is more disciplined, but still derails at times into navel-gazing.  I imagine it was the section on the potato in Botany of Desire inspired him to research the rest of the MacDonald's meal that led to the Omnivore's Dilemma.<br /><br />If you have no patience for the New Yorker magazine style of journalism, this book will make you crazy.  If you are a thoughtful eater, you will enjoy the journey in The Omnivore's Dilemma.  We are leaning toward organic at home and I began to reexamine some reflexive choices as I read.  Pollan questions everything, including his right to eat meat.meat.
B00003CXCT|5.0|I haven't watched the DVDs yet, but I have seen it on VHS.  Great for all ages.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|As I've said before Ewan is my favorite actor and this movie is a great example why. He and Nicole Kidman are a good match. Their chemistry together is wondeful. The looked like they had a blast making this movie. And they both can sing great. This movie is not for all people but for those who can relax and let your mind go what a wonderful trip you are getting ready to take. 5 stars all around (costumes, songs, dance, acting) and most important of all this movie will move you. Come what may indeed!
B000LE1FAY|4.0|While I have always liked Belinda Carlisle as a singer, I never thought that she would have such a depth to her tastes and class. To do an album of previously recorded material by other artists is a monumental task in itself, to do an album in another language and to sing these french pop classics with grace and to sing the language of love and romance so well was quite a treat for me to hear.
0307346617|5.0|This is a splendid book.  Written in as a compilation of interviews, Brooks presents the reader with the fictional history and stories of the post-zombie apocalypse world.  Powerful, often emotional, and always fun in that \\"cringing away from the memory of terror\\" sort of horror-movie fun.    A great read and I cannot wait for the movie!
B000002OHF|4.0|This was my first Wishbone Ash album and my favorite.  So Many Things to Say... what a kickoff!  If you have ever had woman troubles...The album is a little eclectic, but holds some real gems.  Doctor, Ballad of the Beacon, No Easy Road, Sorrel and R&R Widow are all keepers.  I love the bass on many of these songs as I play bass.  I think it is the guitar heroes who rate this lower.  I love it,,,ROCK ON!!!    I am waiting for a re-mix as the CD is mixed terrible - way too low.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|Great fun movie.  Space cowboys.  The series was short-lived but fun.  This moving fills in gaps.  Stands up to repeated viewing.  Amusing and wry.  Make another movie, please.
B000H2MTUA|4.0|\\"Worse than the miserable childhood is the miserable, Irish childhood. Worse yet is the miserable Irish, Catholic childhood.\\"  Imagine living in a one room apartment with what is left of your family: your alcoholic father who has drunk your family into the squalor of poverty, your exhausted mother, and your three siblings, as the three others have already died. Now imagine being only a child, going days on end without food or warmth, unable to understand your situation and unable to change it. As difficult as it is to imagine, these are the daily trials and the desolate lifestyle Frank McCourt depicts in his compelling memoir Angela's Ashes.    Frank McCourt was born in Brooklyn in 1930 to Angela and Malachy McCourt, recent immigrants from Ireland, hoping for new opportunities in America. However, when prospects remain bleak, their family is forced to return to Limerick, Ireland, where Frankie lives out the rest of his childhood. Once in Ireland, their family's hardships remain unchanged. Malachy McCourt remains a chronically unemployed alcoholic, drinking away the McCourt's small income. As both Frankie and his younger brother, Malachy, are too young too find work, the McCourts grapple to deal with the day-to-day trials of hunger and disease. Begging soon becomes their only means of survival, and even Frank and his siblings are often forced to search the streets for scraps of bread and leftover lemonade to quell their constant hunger. However, Frank McCourt persists in his attempts to improve the destitute lifestyle his mother, father, and relatives have grown to accept. It is not an easy quest, as Frank is constantly held back by his weakened eyesight and shabby appearance; but he maintains his determination, clinging on to the hope of a new beginning.   Frank McCourt writes, \\"When I look back on my childhood I wonder how I survived it all.\\" He proceeds to depict so many situations of overwhelming poverty and utter hopelessness that I was tempted to put the book aside in pure despair after only the first few chapters. His depictions are vivid and the emotions are real. The style is observant and memorable; he captures his feelings of confusion, loneliness, anger, and his wavering hope within the pages. Furthermore, his experiences are told from the point of view of his childhood self, an innocent boy struggling to overcome his desolate situation. For this reason, it was a difficult book to read because of the harsh realities of the author's life, and I often found it extremely depressing.   At the same time, I was struck by Frankie's determination in the face of his family's hardships. I could not help but wonder how he would overcome each trial and soon became enthralled in his family's struggles. At first, I found Frankie's point of view slightly confusing, but the further I read, his voice became a dialogue in my head. Seeing the story through the eyes of naïve child brought hope and laughter to the saddest of parts. Even in the most desperate of situations Frankie's constant wonderings made me smile, \\"Affliction,\\" he writes, \\"I'd like to know what that word means. I know that big people don't like questions from children. They can ask all the questions they like, How's school? Are you a good boy? Did you say your prayers? but if you ask them did they day their prayers you might be hit on the head\\" (102). Frankie's comic relief saved the book for me! He frequently includes lively vignettes of his childhood that lighten the subject matter. I constantly found myself laughing at times when I might have been crying. I would truly recommend this book, but not to just anyone. It is a compelling, eye opening, and well-written memoir, but overall, it is incredibly haunting, and sad.
0143038583|5.0|This is a great book and everyone should read it.  Michael Pollan is an inspiring writer and explains the issues very well.  Read it!
B000HEVALC|5.0|Just a fantastic CD!!! Hearing Elvis, Jerry Lee, Carl and Johnny in the studio, is like being a fly on the wall during this infamous session. The banter and the Spirituals were really moving. HIGHly recommended!!
B000OVLBEO|2.0|Ever since the superhero movie revival started in the late 90's with the movie \\"Blade,\\" movie viewers have been treated to a plethora of vigilantes in spandex to watch save the world.  Some movies have been delights and some have been frights; unfortunately, Ghost Rider belongs to the latter.    From the moment the film started with a corny monologue by Sam \\"I wish I could be something other than old west fill-in\\" Elliot, with all its disjointed scene editing, I knew I was in for a \\"treat.\\"  The following are the negative aspects I noticed about the movie:    (1)Bad dialogue.  When Nicolas Cage utters the phrase, \\"he [the Devil] may have have my soul, but he doesn't have my spirit\\" my head almost exploded; what is the difference between a soul and spirit?    (2)Too many unconvincing plot elements and loose ends, e.g., why would the Devil give anyone power that could be used against him especially to people that seem decent enough? Ghost Rider only fights people whom he judges evil; Why would the Devil have a spirit that only fights evil?  Isn't the Devil evil.  Wow, he must be dumb.    Also, the police seem really eager to capture Ghost Rider, but they suddenly drop into nowhere in the plot by the end.  I guess the just figured that it was pointless to stop a guy with a flaming skull who they think is killing lots of people; not to mention destroying our precious streets with his flaming motorcycle (I can only imagine how many tax dollars it would cost to fix those streets).    I didn't realize stunt motorcycling was such a popular sport.    How is it that the Devil cannot do anything on Earth, except make contracts and create spirits of vengeance, yet his \\"son\\", Blackheart, and his cohorts, can kill every thing and everyone?    This \\"power to create hell on earth,\\" that they keep threatening us with, turns out to be basically just a walking zombie.  You figure that much power would allow you to do more than you best T-1000 impersonation from Terminator 2.    How does Blaze control his Ghost Rider ability?  One scene he is struggling to just set his hand on fire, the next moment he is turning into skull head quicker than you can say jack-o-lantern.    (3)Uninteresting romance.  There is really no development in the romance between Nicolas Cage and Eva Mendes.  They see each other, they kiss; that sums up about most of their interaction.  There just is no chemistry between them, and I just kept hoping she would keep her promise that she makes in the movie not to show up again.    (4)WHAT VILLAINS?  One of the keys to a great super hero movie is a great villain.  Ghost Rider has none.  The Devil acts like a cardboard cutout with a cane; I figured he would be a little be more intimidating.  Blackheart's fallen angel companions are little challenge for Ghost Rider and die so quickly, if you blink, you will miss their exits -- they have the typical demeanor you would expect from any 2 dimensional lackey, not from a powerful fallen angel.  Blackheart, the closest challenge for Ghost Rider, still does not stand a chance.  Where is the drama, the threat of certain defeat?  Compare the scene from Spider-Man 2, where Spidey is holding back the L-train, or fighting Doc Ock, to any fight scene in this movie.  The villain makes a movie, just as much as the hero does.  I came away from the movie thinking that Ghost Rider was closer to Superman, without any flaws -- neigh invincible, and, hence uninteresting.    (4)  The film editing was horrible.  The scenes looked like they were sloppily pasted together, which destroys any hope of a good flow to the movie.  Maybe next time they should use crazy glue?    (5)  The acting was sub par.  I know Nicolas Cage likes superheroes, he just needs to find one that suits him.  Eva Mendes just wasn't good.    (6)  The fight scenes were short and uninteresting.  There were few, and they were short.    (7) Too short.  I think this was the reason there was very little character development.    Anyway, thereare much better options than this.  I would rate the quality of Ghost Rider right below Fantastic Four 2:  Rise of the Silver Surfer and right above Batman 4, with Arny.
1400032717|3.0|The idea of using an autistic child as the protagonist was a masterful one.  However, the reality of autism would be hard to weave into effective narration and so the characteristics of the boy are not realistic.  The incident was engaging but not effectively constructed.  I had heard a lot about this book and was disappointed
B000001FDK|5.0|Received the item quickly and in condition promised.  Now I can practice for Karaoke night...........HA HA HA
0805083367|5.0|This book is one of the books in a series by by Bill Martin (Author), and Eric Carle (Illustrator).  We truely enjoy giving their books as Christmas and/or birthday gifts.
B000VR824S|4.0|Has some excellent footage of the show-just not long enough. From someone who has been to the concert, there was too many great performances left out. Maybe a 3 or 4 disc DVD for the next one.
1401211909|4.0|Gaiman is a bit less dark in this novel than in \\"American Gods\\" and \\"Neverwhere\\".  Consequently, I did not enjoy it as much.  Perhaps dealing with a fictional land rather than a landscape somewhat familiar to me reduced my enjoyment.  He tells a fine story, however, and the book is better than the movie.
B000EMGAOY|4.0|I'm here today because I'm bored and it's bitter cold outside! I also need to get this on an 80-minute compilation CD.   JUPITER (DISC 1)   1. Dani California-I can't argue-5/5.  2. Snow (Hey Oh) -Not as good as the first song, not all that funky. Radio single, helps to bring women into the party, that's all. - 3.5/5.  3. Charlie- Catchy, different, can see it played in concert. -5/5.  4. Stadium Arcadium-4/5 at best.  5. Hump de Bump- What he said...5/5.  6. She's Only 18- Sessy! 5/5.   7. Slow Cheetah- Face the facts, you're reaching for the skip button quicker than I am! 2.5/5.  8. Torture Me-Alas, if we could only cut and paste that guitar solo onto a good song! -3/5.  9. Strip My Mind-\\"weak one\\"- 2/5.  10. Especially in Michigan-\\"Strip My Mind\\" is too similar to this song. -4/5.  11. Warlocks-Typical Chili peppers. -5/5.  12. C'mon Girl-It's Ok, 4-ish/5.  13. Wet Sand-Yawn. -2/5.  14. Hey-ZZZzzz... but I was already tired. -3/5    MARS (DISC 2)   1. Desecration Smile- Why? And why did the whole band come in, Neil Young kicked this in the rear back in the 70's all by himself! Acoustic work is not gripping and the solo slide guitar or whatever is uninspired. Just try right now to sing a bar or two... betcha can't! Someone explain what's so good about it. -2.5/5.  2. Tell Me Baby-a keeper.5/5  3. Hard to Concentrate- No, no, no. 2/5.  4. 21st Century- Not bad, but a \\"screaming\\" Anthony could've put it over the top. 4/5.  5. She Looks to Me-If I want to p_ss myself off I plug in Nickelback. On a Peppers scale...2/5.  6. Readymade- Pure filler, to be sure this will never make it on stage, except at a Bad Company Reunion. 3/5.  7. If- I actually agree with previous reviews here, weak! However let's rate it accordingly, 2/5 not 4/5.  8. Make You Feel Better- Ok, even I like a feel-good tune from time to time. I won't sue the Red Hots for this one but let's not get stupid, it's only 3.5/5 at best.  9. Animal Bar- Uggh, is this a good song? Does it grow on you? Whatever, -3/5.  10. So Much I- 3/5 -(No Comment).  11. Storm in a Teacup- Here's a jammer, Jimmy Hendrix gets out of his grave to sing this! 5/5.  12. We Believe- Passable, 4/5. (Am I'm going soft?)  13. Turn it Again- John does put in the effort at the end. 4.5/5. (does it get played on tour...I doubt it).  14. Death of a Martian- Different, so keep it but it's only 3.5/5.    Here is my compilation burn list:    1) Dani California   2) Snow (Hey Oh)   3) Charlie  4) Stadium Arcadium  5) Hump de Bump   6) She's Only 18  7) Tell Me Baby  8) 21st Century  9) Make You Feel Better  10) Storm in a Teacup  11) We Believe  12) Turn it Again  13) Warlocks  14) Death of a Martian  15) Especially in Michigan  16) C'mon Girl  17) Hey  18) So Much I    15 songs with impact, 3 or so fillers.
B000V8YSTA|5.0|Bien por Amazon al poner a la venta material en mp3.  Este en particular, excelentes músicos.    Manu muy maduro en su música.
B000683VI4|5.0|This is one of those films you would ridicule if described to you by a buddy, you would reluctantly agree to go to (only because it is your wife's turn to pick the movie) - and will end up staying with you forever.<br /><br />A young couple's love is tested through societal chasms, dreams and ambitions, a world war, an avaricious mother withholding his letters, a handsome rich suitor, alzheimer's disease stealing away the past...I will refrain myself here not to enter into spoilers territory.<br /><br />The story is narrated with flashbacks, as the notes of the girl (played by the young Rachel Adams and the older Gena Rowlands) are read to her by her friend (James Garner) who shares the same long-term nursing home.<br /><br />Does it hit all the sappiness buttons? Masterfully yes - but it does so to a purpose!<br />If you are depressed, see it to regain perspective of what is important in life.<br />If you are happy, it will make you appreciate your happiness more.<br /><br />RECOMMENDED!
B000W9DSVW|5.0|these are three of the best movies to come out in years and the release in 1080p hd just makes it that much better<br />if you like these movies and havent seen them in hd you are missing half the expereance
B00003CXDV|5.0|I love this Movie.  It is non-stop laughs.  If you are a sci-fi fan (Star Trek in particular) and also like a good spoof - this movie is for you!!!!
B000WQWPKA|5.0|The only movie that i've ever watched more than 3 times and for me that say a lot. This movie is on the top of my all time favorite movies list.  Its a great movie that everyone can enjoy.  Nice job Will.  Cant wait to own the blu-ray version.  Should be like watching the movie for the first time.
B00005JPNW|4.0|This movie does not show atheism in a favorable way.  It is merely based on a children's game.  Many such movies are being presented now with child actors from books and games written exclusively for children.  This one was colorful, but not deep in religious thought.  It was a little too loud for my sensitive ears, and so I decided I was not a child to live in fantasy as this definitely was.  There was no truth in this film not any intended.
B000V8I2QU|3.0|After seeing Bruce do several songs on the Today show (I Think it was \\"Today\\"!) I was particuarly blown away, like most people are, by Radio Nowhere; I watched it over and over; then I hooked my VCR up to my stereo to watch in full stereo (which it wasn't) and realized, wait a minute! No wonder this song sounds familiar, the verses have the same melody as one of my favorite Warren Zevon songs, Splendid Isolation! (Just faster paced). This makes sense, Springsteen was guilty of unitentional musical plagarism on the Ghost Of Tom Joad LP, with Dylan's Love Minus Zero/No Limit. Any big music fan can do this, and Springsteen has always been a fan, I don't believe this was concsious, no way! The real irony is Springsteen's song is about wanting to escape isolation, and Warren's is about retreating. I prefer Splendid Isolation, but that takes nothing away from the greatness of Radio Nowhere.  Which lures you into thinking this whole album will be exciting like it.    The other songs, well, lets see...  For starters, if you don't go into this album expecting the greatness that all the magazines are claiming, you may enjoy it. It's better than that Seeger Sessions live album, which for me, only had When The Saints Go Marching In and a definitive Highway Patrolman making it worthwhile, not nearly as good as the studio Seeger Sessions album, which was his most enjoyable album in ages--for a brief period. (His albums don't have the long-lasting power they once had).  The Rising was a great album in PLACES for me, but after certain personal events, I find it too painful to listen to now. (It was and still is hyped way too much also).  By the way, anybody reading this, I've been a fan for nearly 30 years (albeit mostly of his early material), and have followed him since then pretty well. I lost some interest around the Ghost Of Tom Joad album, for he was doing what he described in Better Days \\"it's a sad funny ending to find yourself pretending, a rich man in a poor man's shirt\\".I am one of the rare fans who doesn't like that album (\\"Ghost...\\"). But I did hear a few concerts from that tour, the songs came alive, well, most of them, except for the last few he'd play every night in the same order, the \\"border suite\\".  I'm glad also that he quit being this angry old grouch who would tell his audience to shut up! You can't do that in a rock concert at a stadium show anyways! Impossible to try...  Well, this being his first album of original material since the dreadful Devils and Dust (the album with the least cohesion of anything he's ever done), this is a lot better. But it's still not GREAT; it's merely decent.  People are complaining about the production, I didn't even realize that may be a problem here, so some songs are apparently diluted in spirit? That makes sense, this isn't exactly the energetic rock 'n' roll that you might expect based on the initial thrill of hearing Radio Nowhere. This is nonetheless better than anybody had a reason to expect him putting out. Which is why reviews are overplaying how it is, claiming it one of his best. Nonsense! His period from '72 through '78 will never be topped, and it's unfair to expect it from him.    Other decent songs on this, after said great song, are Last To Die, a fine song against our illegal, immoral war which we as citizens have clearly no control over as long as Bush is in power, thankfully that won't be TOO much longer (oh, the damage he can do in one day though! I don't wanna think about it!) Long Walk Home is alright also, ditto You'll Be Coming Down (this is a fairly depressing sounding album), also Your Own Worst Enemy, Girls In Their Summer Clothes, and the formulaic (I can't believe I'm using that term in a Springsteen review, but it's true) Livin' in the Future, an inferior re-write of Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out, with socially conscious lyrics replacing the poetic beauty of his then-personal angst, triumph through his band, and just plain Fun. It's not a bad song, but why botherstarting here when you can get Born To Run first? (I always recommend Darkness on the Edge of Town for Springsteen neophytes as the starter anyhow, it's his masterpiece).  Note: this album is a conscious attempt to re-create the magic (NO pun intended) he DID have once, right down to the sound aping Born To Run; but the songs ain't exactly \\"Backstreets\\". This album is at times a case of style over substance, really sad.    The second finest song on here is an unlisted, untitled song he doesn't seem to be doing live, according to the setlists on the Backstreets site, a tribute to the late Terry Magovern.  I recommend either getting this album as cheap as possible, or perhaps going for downloading Radio Nowhere and this song (\\"Terry's Song\\"?).  Songs like Magic, are just plain boring to me. I find it hard to understand how anybody familiar with Springsteen's body of work could consider this one of his best albums. It's just not, the songs are sluggish at times, and yes, the more I listen to it again, the more I can see that the sound, the production, is really pretty bad; it makes for a soporific experience almost at times, and considering this is Springsteen, that's a real shame; but then, he's almost always messed up his albums, since The River actually (some INCREDIBLE songs on there, but what a mess overall! look at what he left off!); esp. look at Born In The U.S.A., man , what a hard album to listen to now, even with songs as good as I'm On Fire; the production on that one STINKS!; Tunnel Of Love was quite overpolished, it took seeing him live to realize there was more to it than Walk Like A Man (still the best song on it); his '92 'comeback' albums, esp. Human Touch, are a perfect example of how he overthought himself in the studio then. In fact, go back to The River (where the over-thinking really began), and listen to Point Blank, and then listen to one from the Darkness tour if you can, and tell me he didn't ruin that one!)    So, to sum it up, a fairly decent album, a couple great tunes, a few decent ones, and some pretty dull ones as well. And sadly, that's all we have any reason to believe he will be able to do from now on.  This is overall decent, just not great: I believe his fans WANT to believe that this is great, his big comeback, because why wouldn't we? But let's face up to the truth, it's here for all to hear. I mean, look at say, the pages of Backstreets, or better yet, For True Rockers Only, from '92. People were RAVING about how great a lot of the songs from Human Touch and Lucky Town were, debating the merits of individual songs there. Then a couple years later, these same fans couldn't have cared less about them. But most all his big fans always will go back to his '70s output, and STILL find that thrill.    There's an old cliche amongst musicians; they always will say \\"this is my best album yet\\" and \\"the band has never sounded better\\".  Springsteen has stuck to these lies since he sold out in '84.  And all the claims that this album is one of his best is absurd. If you disagree, you are entitled to your opinion, but please listen to Darkness or Born To Run, or The Wild, the Innocent, and the E Street Shuffle albums and tell me this is still one of his greatest. You won't be able to listen to this much anymore, save a couple songs.    At least he unintentionally borrowed from Warren Zevon, and we have Radio Nowhere.
B0013D8LOK|4.0|He took his revenge the only  way he knew how.  Demon, no way!  More like an avenging angel.  Now this is one Johnny Depp movie I could enjoy. He plays weird characters, but this time a hostorical figure who actually made news. It wasn't so bloody. The music was effective. The ending was sad as his dearly loved was also dearly departed at his own hands. At he end, all of the guilty and some of the bystanders meet a gory fate. Go see this first rate movie and laugh.
B0000041TD|5.0|I'm sorry this is not a review. I was wondering if someone can tell me if libretto is included in this product. Thanks in advance.
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|As many other reviewers have said, this movie pretty much takes off where [[ASIN:B000RF7XYO Elizabeth (Spotlight Series)]] left off, however now she is no longer a Queen in waiting but a powerful monarch who has the unsavoury task of keeping Spain from invading her shores, as well as fending off attempts to get her to marry, for a woman such as Elizabeth would not be willing to share power with the man who might be King.<br /><br />As to this melting pot unrequited love, wonderful scenes from history, who can forget Raleight and the cloak over the puddles scene, as well as murder, treason and intrigue, don't forget Mary Queen of Scots here, and of course Sir Francis Walsingham, Elizabeth's right hand man and Britain's first true spymaster and you have a film that totally takes your breath away.<br /><br />Forget the fact that historically there are probably more holes in it than a Swiss Cheese, the movie follows the spirit of the era in my opinion and is worth seeing just for the quality acting from Cate Blanchett as the passionate Elizabeth, Geoffry Rush as the deadly Walsingham, and the lovely Samantha Morton as the doomed Mary Queen of Scots, along with sumptious constumes, a great soundtrack, some nifty special effects.<br /><br />I liked this film, it is as good if not better than the film Elizabeth and its a real shame it has not been nominated for more Oscars, certainly it deserved it considering what did get nominated this year!
6305692572|2.0|Not a totally off-the-mark depiction of the effects of alcoholism on families, but over-the-top acting and embarrassingly bad dialogue here and there, especially at the end. And it's a little unbelievable to see Meg Ryan having turned from sweet-and-perky-but-screwed-up, pre-rehab, to \\"Don't 'f' with me\\" street-tuff, post-rehab.  Best thing about this semi-soap, from my female perspective, is gazing at the always easy-on-the-eye Andy Garcia. MUCH better movies about addiction and recovery: Drunks (Richard Lewis), Jesus' Son (Billy Crudup), Clean and Sober (Michael Keaton) and the excellent, early-60's \\"Days of Wine and Roses\\" (Jack Lemmon), if you can wince through Mancini's syrupy-yucky title track.  (But it won the Oscar for best song, so what do I know.  Different times, I guess.)
B00005JPTI|4.0|Okay I have read the book and seen the film, usually I like one but not the other but in this case I like both even though one is not like the other!<br /><br />The plot centres around the last man alive in the world  Robert Neville played by the brilliant actor and rapper Will Smith (or so he thinks) who is immune to a terrible blood plague that has ravaged the whole known world.<br /><br />With his faithful sidekick, a beautiful Alsation called Sam Neville tries to set write a wrong that he has played a part in and paid the price, for he has has lot his family and now the only family he has left is his dog.<br /><br />A slow start quickly gathers momentum as the world goes to hell on a handcard, and we are treated to seat of your pants special effects, a fabulous sound track and some genuinely scary and \\"jump out of your\\" skin moments!<br /><br />People have compared this film to Charlton Hestons [[ASIN:B000P0J0BU The Omega Man]] and there are some similarities but I think Omega Man is far darker than I am Legend even though both have a very similar ending.<br /><br />With a great supporting cast including the understated Alison Braga and even Will Smith's daughter Willow, playing his on screen daughter, you have a great movie that packs a punch and is good enough to recommend to your mates.<br /><br />However the real scene stealer is Sam the dog, but then I was always a sucker for a cute dog who can act!<br /><br />Worth seeing.
0440238609|5.0|I burned through the entire trilogy in about a week, and if nothing else, I was glued to my seat for the entire ride. The first two books are great. The third one suffers a little, as the scene becomes a bit too complicated with too many competing factions, and the author stumbles during the major battle scene at the end of the book. However, discounting that battle seen, the third book is an exciting ending to a great series.
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters by mistake actually, not knowing what was out at the time.  My boyfriend and I absolutely were amazed by the story line and the music, it was simply moving and I had to order the DVD as soon as it came out.  This is a must see!
B000VNMMQG|5.0|Why did the Academy ignore this movie for Oscar Nomination?     Ioan Gruffudd plays William Wilberforce a member of Parliament who tries with all his might to have Parliament abolish the British Slave trade.    We have seen this story before with Amistad but there is a fluidity and ethereal quality that makes this movie so watchable. The cinematography, the empassioned dialogue between characters and the realism of atrocities committed by slave owners as described by those who lived to tell of it.    Albert Finney gives a powerful performance as ex-slave-ship captain John Newton who went on to write the beautiful hymn, \\"Amazing Grace\\".    Ioan Gruffudd is such a talented actor and does period pieces SO well-e.g. Horatio Hornblower, Great Expectations,Poldark, etc.. He SHOULD HAVE got an Oscar Nomination for this!    SPOILER ALERT: The ending of this movie is so moving, as a regiment of bagpipes plays \\"Amazing Grace\\" outside Westminster Abbey-the final resting place of Mr. Wilberforce which I had the privilege of visiting.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|I read Persuasion about 15 years ago and it became one of my favorite Austen books.  This film version stands on its own as a seperate interpretion of the story and that's what makes it worth watching.  I thought the manner in which it was filmed was fresh, especially with the reality-esque looks of Anne Elliot directly into the camera lens.  I ordered the DVD and have watched it multiple times, enjoying the sound of of it in the background while I work around the house.  It has a lovely soundtrack, equal to the soundtrack in the Keira Knightley version of Pride and Prejudice.  My only complaint is that the character of Mary Elliot was even more annoying than she is in the book.  Yes, the running at the end was a little overdone but I could appreciate what the director and/or writer was trying to achieve in showing Anne's desperation to convey her feelings to Capt Wentworth at the end.  I loved it.
1594489505|5.0|I just finished reading \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns\\" and it was one of the most amazing books I've read in a long time.  The characters & the background are so rich and it's truly a masterpiece.  I have raved about this book to all my friends & family.  This was an gut wrenching story about two women, so beautifully written.
B000HKCRW2|5.0|retains the exhilarating power of Rapture's previous release, \\"Echoes,\\" but presents it n an entirely new light. melancholy has left the building, and it's time for elation, but with no sacrifice to their brilliant sound.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|Amazing Grace is a stunning movie.  The actors and actresses chosen for this movie were perfect for their parts.  The history and the historical facts for this movie are timeless.  This movie is perfect for all age groups.  However, children under 13 should watch it with their parents/guardians.  If you want to know the true facts of the grisly business of the slave trade (which unfortunately continues today) without the \\"gore\\" this is the movie for you.  Anyone that wants to continue William Wilberforce's legacy should definitely see this DVD.  The last scene in the movie will take your breath away.  I feel privileged to have seen this movie.
B000GRTQXY|2.0|Have you ever had a friend, acquaintance or colleague confess to you that he used to play in a professional band and then hand you a copy of the album, so that when you play it you understand why a music career was not pursued?  Well, this is one of those albums.  I'm not sure what it is about Primal Scream that every other album strikes me as a stinker but they do have a propensity for erratic work product.  While this effort is at least inoffensive, it is also uninspiring and ho hum.  It's a great party tape so long as you are at the party with the artists, if you knows what I means.  Listen to the sound samples thoughtfully provided by amazon, the whole album is no better or worse, just longer.  I'd rate this one star but I like Primal Scream thus a pity star to go with their deserved ranking.
074356619X|5.0|I am amazed at the changes life can turn when you turn your mind toward it. I have practiced the art of the laws of attraction for 35+ years but a lot of things did not click as clearly for me till the secret came out. Major changes are in the works since I have a new perspective on it and applying the principles the secret talks about. I am amazed of some of the negative feedback some give this amazing cd. I wonder if they are not getting the message.  A number of my family members are into the secret now. As for myself things are looking up....Life is good!
B000TLTUL0|3.0|First a warning: if you see \\"Sweeney Todd\\" expecting another \\"Hairspray\\" or \\"The Producers\\", then you will be sorely disappointing. \\"Sweeney Todd\\" is not the sort of movie musical that viewers have become accustomed to in recent years. There are no big song and dance numbers and no toe tapping hits that will stay in your head for the next week. In fact, the songs aren't very good at all.    \\"Sweeney Todd\\" is the tale of a barber, Todd (Johnny Depp) who, fifteen years ago, was wrongfully arrested and sent to jail and who is now back in London to avenge the loss of his wife and daughter. He teams up with pie chef, Mrs Lovett (Helena Bonham Carter) and together they go into business, with Todd murdering his barbershop customers and Mrs Lovett turning them into meat pies.     Without the songs, the film itself is actually not bad. It is directed by Tim Burton, in his usual dark style, the story is interesting and the acting is excellent. Both Depp and Bonham Carter definitely deserved the Golden Globes that they won. However, it is the songs that let the film down. The songs are, for the most part, tuneless and repetitive and often take the form of just sung dialogue (as part of a conversation), rather than a whole song with verses and choruses, as you are probably used to. The first hour of the film is almost entirely in song, and I found myself struggling not to keep looking at my watch. Fortunately, the film improved in the second hour, when the songs become less frequent.    I'm glad I saw this film, and I don't feel like I wasted my money by going to see it at the cinema, but I also wont be seeing it again when it comes out on DVD. Overall, without the songs, I give this film 4.5 stars, but I only give the songs 1 star. This averages out to 2.75 stars.
B000IY03CS|5.0|This has been in my cd player since I got it !!  Love It !!!
0374280967|3.0|An Uncommon Reader is an enjoyible story of the making of a \\"great reader\\".  The 'Queen' starts by reading the recommendations of a servant. Her reading choices become more complex  as time goes on. She starts to keep notebooks regarding the novels she reads. She becomes more sensitive to things in the world as a result of reading . Her vision of the world changes. This novel is also very funny.  This is a good book for a book discussion. I gave it three stars but it is really three and a half.
B00005YXZH|1.0|Don't let these others hacks talk you into wasting money on this album.  Its boring.  There's no intricate sounds, amazing lyrics, etc... Its just plain boring.
B000VL9XE2|2.0|get calculating infinity, under the running board, and irony is a dead scene. buy all of them now and avoid this. dillinger used to be beautiful. this isnt diverse. this isnt album of the year. this is a good band who has turned to drivle to create a larger fan base and to make more money. theyre trying to make it catchier so trendy people can \\"get it\\". they need to change their name. dillingers a dead horse.
B00011D1OA|5.0|I have to be honest in that I am not a huge fan of musicals. I watch them mostly to placate my wife. That said, my wife and I saw the London production company last Sunday afternoon do this one at the Kennedy Center in Washington DC.<br /><br />Monday afternoon after we came home, we got out this version and watched it again. If you have the opportunity to see this musical, either in person staged by a quality production company or on this DVD, please do so. This is a wonderful story that gets richer in multiple tellings. My Fair Lady is like an old friend. Every time I see it I am happy with it.<br /><br />This particular edition also gives insight into the production process that helps to connect with where the play came from.<br /><br />A definite \\"must have!\\"
B000ICLRIE|5.0|much better then the original release. 50 minutes of additional footage that wasnt seen in the theater. it makes the story line so much better. this is a must buy for anyone.
6304698798|5.0|Everyone recognizes the familiar score and Eastwood's famous scowl. This movie is highly recommended for anyone's movie library for the years to come.
0805079831|5.0|This book is not for the faint of heart or anyone afraid of what the Bush administration will do to you if you speak out against their facist domination of our society. The author tells us what is really going on, how the greedy Friedman acolites are undermining human societies everywhere on the earth for their profit, and how their secrecy hids and twists the truth of the really awful things they do.<br /><br />It is truely shocking! Those terrible people are heartless, totally lacking in any form of human empathy, well orgainized and in complete control of the world economy. I URGE EVERYONE TO READ THIS BOOK AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!<br /><br />The author is an ivestigative reporter and the book is fully documented with sources you can check for yourself.<br /><br />Terry Lesh
B0009MDPYW|3.0|There are movies that you want to sit down and spend your time absorbing, and there are movies that you want to watch with your brain set on cruise control. The latter applies to this film. Keanu Reeves is considered by many to play one role well, and that is of Keanu Reeves. Throw in some religious overtones, gun play, and supernatural forces to get Constantine. I've never read the comic book or checked up on the canon storyline but I can only give the film 3/5 stars. It is enjoyable but not something I'd *must* watch.
B000I2J2X6|4.0|My favorite book of the series. Got this on a buy 1 for $20 get one free. Was an AWESOME deal. I HATE Warner Bros. for abandoning the BEST HD movie format HD-DVD. Great movie great price
B0001ADAVK|4.0|The cast list reads off many aspiring young actresses as well as the talented Julia Roberts. It delves into a hidden world of the desires and aspirations of many young women who struggle between a dichotomy of conforming to societal frameworks and rebelling towards a path of progressiveness.
B000W10FWU|4.0|Probably the weakest in the Potter Series but great quality and extras. I absolutely HATE Warner Bros. leaving HD-DVD. $10 for this movie was an incredible deal!
072325804X|5.0|This book is a must have for anyone with kids or grandkids. We love all the stories and read them over and over.
B000QCUB8I|5.0|I'd heard this album around Christmas time last year, and was really impressed with what I heard so I bought it. \\"D.A.N.C.E\\" and \\"Waters of Nazareth\\" are probably the catchiest songs off here. I highly recommend this also to fellow Daft Punk fans. Not as clean sounding but definitely worth a liste.
B0000024RZ|4.0|This is coming from someone who is not a die hard Bob Dylan fan, in fact most of his music just leaves me flat, but I enjoy listening to this album from beginning to end. His voice & guitar playing are both strong & the songs are heartfelt & meaningful. If you are put off by the legacy of Dylan, this album is worth an objective listening.
006085880X|5.0|Within the first ten lines of this novel, I was hooked.  I loved how the story moved and kept you riveted by moving from past to present.  The constant moving made me not want to put it down.  She moved the story along perfectly.  I was kind of surprised to see some of the not-so-good reviews about the book.  Some comments about Emily's character left me aggitated, but to each his/her own I guess. And how someone could feel as though they would 'never get through the book'?  Then stop reading!    Ultimately, the book was one of the best I've ever read.  I am also waiting for the Lifetime movie to come on so I can watch it, although my guess is that the novel blows it out of the water.
B000065VA1|4.0|First of all, the sound quality on this re-mastered version is quite excellent. This album spawned no less than 5 major hit singles in the UK and/or the US (and, I think, most parts of the rest of the world as well) - 'Red Rain', 'Sledgehammer', 'Don't Give Up', 'Big Time', and 'In Your Eyes'. It is regarded as one of PG's more accessible albums, with it's leanings towards mainstream pop-rock. Yet, the album still has some of the trappings of art-rock (i.e. it's fairly elaborate arrangements, the emphasis upon keyboard driven synthesized sounds and the (so called) cerebral lyrics). Musically, there is a lot going on and, although it is music that is reasonably easy on the ear, it is also music which is best listened to while you are not doing anything else. PG turns in some outstanding vocals - his voice has a slight 'raspy' texture (perhaps not to everyone's taste) which combines well with the 'cleaner' synthesized sounds behind him.<br /><br />Some comments about selected tracks (all songs written or co-written by PG) :<br /><br />SLEDGEHAMMER - An upbeat song with a strong soul-funk groove - it features solid percussion, brassy horns and some very tight female backing vocals; also, raunchy lyrics 'with attitude' - phallic references abound. You could be forgiven for thinking that this track was a late 1960s product of Muscle Shoals, Alabama, instead of a mid-1980s creation emanating from the rather genteel city of Bath in Somerset, England (where it was originally recorded).<br /><br />DON'T GIVE UP -  A slow tempo song with a fine melody - the incomparable Kate Bush provides the chorus. The song parables the emotions of a man who is unable to find work. A man who feels bitter and disillusioned at being abandoned by a once trusted socio-political system - his mood is one of resignation, despondency and he even contemplates suicide. The only 'ray of sunshine' being his wife who offers words of encouragement  ('don't give up') and reassurance; potent lyrics most certainly, but some may find the song depressing. There is no 'happy ending' - in fact, there is no ending at all.<br /><br />MERCY STREET - Another song which is high on melody; atmospheric, haunting, eerie, chilling, 'dark' - all adjectives that can be used to describe this mid-tempo song. It is a heart-wrenching and evocative song about the life and death of the American poetess Anne Sexton; she suffered from severe manic depression and finally took her own life (the word 'darkness' is used a number of times in the lyrics). Also, some of the lyrics seem to imply that, as a child, she craved attention from her parents - but this was less than forthcoming. You cannot fail to be moved by this song - in my opinion, one of the best songs ever written by PG (arguably, one of the best songs ever written by ANYONE).<br /><br />THIS IS THE PICTURE (excellent birds) - A rather repetitive song, but one that has a hypnotic quality. The lyrics are rather 'opaque' (which basically means that I haven't a clue about what they are supposed to mean) - colourful words thrown together without actually conveying anything meaningful (well, that's how I see it); listenable but not essential.<br /><br />With it's variety of musical styles, 'So' probably has something for everyone. However, whether you can enjoy all of the album much depends upon how catholic your tastes are. The two biggest hit singles -'Sledgehammer' and 'Big Time' are not, in terms of tempo and rhythm, representative of the rest of the album - you should not buy 'So' simply because you liked these two songs<br /><br />I think the music samples are pretty useless in this case - 6 of the songs, each in their full length glory, can be listened to on You Tube. A couple of songs, 'We Do What We're Told' and 'This Is The Picture', are too far 'off the beaten track' for me. Perhaps, a little self-indulgent sometimes but, by and large, 'So' is an album of sophisticated pop-rock for 'grown-ups' (regardless of age).rtainly, but some may find the song depressing. There is no 'happy ending' - in fact, there is no ending at all.<br /><br />MERCY STREET - Another song which is high on melody; atmospheric, haunting, eerie, chilling, 'dark' - all adjectives that can be used to describe this mid-tempo song. It is a heart-wrenching and evocative song about the life and death of the American poetess Anne Sexton; she suffered from severe manic depression and finally took her own life (the word 'darkness' is used a number of times in the lyrics). Also, some of the lyrics seem to imply that, as a child, she craved attention from her parents - but this was less than forthcoming. You cannot fail to be moved by this song - in my opinion, one of the best songs ever written by PG (arguably, one of the best songs ever written by ANYONE).<br /><br />THIS IS THE PICTURE (excellent birds) - A rather repetitive song, but one that has a hypnotic quality. The lyrics are rather 'opaque' (which basically means that I haven't a clue about what they are supposed to mean) - colourful words thrown together without actually conveying anything meaningful (well, that's how I see it); listenable but not essential.<br /><br />With it's variety of musical styles, 'So' probably has something for everyone. However, whether you can enjoy all of the album much depends upon how catholic your tastes are. The two biggest hit singles -'Sledgehammer' and 'Big Time' are not, in terms of tempo and rhythm, representative of the rest of the album - you should not buy 'So' simply because you liked these two songs<br /><br />I think the music samples are pretty useless in this case - 6 of the songs, each in their full length glory, can be listened to on You Tube. A couple of songs, 'We Do What We're Told' and 'This Is The Picture', are too far 'off the beaten track' for me. Perhaps, a little self-indulgent sometimes but, by and large, 'So' is an album of sophisticated pop-rock for 'grown-ups' (regardless of age).
B000I0QL82|5.0|This iis a very enjoyable movie and we all enjoyed watching it. Fred Astaire and Bing Crosby were terrific in this movie.
B0009X7664|5.0|The movie version of To Kill a Mockingbird was cast so well and follows the book closely. I have watched it so many times I can't keep track, but it's like visiting a dear friend again.   I bought the DVD for a young friend of mine who hadn't even heard of the book or film and I was convinced that she would love it, but she didn't.  She refuses to watch any movie that's in B&W and even though she watched this one she thought it was predictable and boring. How can that be possible?  I consider this film a classic that has aged well through the years but maybe younger audiences aren't interested in character developement and an excellent story. They want action, sex, and/or gratuitous violence which, fortunately, this movie doesn't offer and shouldn't need to. (In all fairness, I wasn't impressed with Citizan Kane and it's considered one of the greatest films of all time!)
1594489505|4.0|With this book, Khaled Hosseini has given us a look into a civilization many of us in the west know little about.  Hosseini skillfully tells a compelling story.  While I believe his prose is sometimes a bit cliched and he writes with an idiosyncracy that can be a bit irritating, overall the book is well-written.  His prose is sparse, which fits the landscape and the story of Mariam's and Laila's lives.    On the idiosyncracy, he often puts Farsi words into his sentence:    \\"They don't see that they're spoiling their own nang and namoos, their honor and pride.\\"    Particularly when these sentences come in bunches (only rarely), this method feels too much like one is reading a primer on the language which interferes with the story.  On the other hand, providing the reader with some sense of the sound of the language, if only in bits, is better than ignoring non-English words altogether.  There was one point, though, when it started to annoy me.    Overall, it is an interesting story that is well-told.  While it is certainly not the finest writing I have read, the spare style serves the setting and story well, allowing the action and psychological suspense to pull the reader along.  I highly recommend this book.
B000NVL9FQ|5.0|A timeless work.  Anyone born in the 1950's remembers this from high school or college days.  ELP could play you a symphony but were in the delivery room for the birth of electronics used in music.  This version contains \\"..and he died.\\" in Lucky Man.  Older fans will know what that means, younger fans can Google it.
B000GIXEIG|4.0|Since I'm on the Bathory kick I'd might as well talk about a viking type movie.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's common knowledge now that this movie isn't a faithful adaptation of the poem(but then again, no filmed version of Beowulf really is), but is it an entertaining movie?  Yup.  The poem was a little more of a cut and dry tale of good vs. evil, but this movie tries to blur those lines a bit.  Grendel's father is killed in the beginning by the Dane king, and he grows up to be a hate filled \\"troll\\" hell bent on revenge.  Kind of like a Troll Charles Bronson!  When the king builds a new mead hall, Grendel sees it as a good opportunity to swing on by whenever he feels like it and slaughter a few Danes.  Naturally the king doesn't care much for this and soon former Dane and badazz hero, Beowulf comes to the rescue.  Most of the movie is spent with Beowulf in pursuit of Grendel and piece by piece figuring out what the full story is(not to mention boinking Sarah Polley along the way).  Then he begins to have an inner conflict about what he's doing, and soon he finds he has Grendel's mother to deal with.  Folks like to yap about the deviation from the source material, so if this kinda stuff bugs you, you'd might as well keep away.  As an adventure movie, it's quite good.  Not to mention the movie is wonderful to look at being that it was shot entirely in Iceland.  If you watch the bonus features you'll see that it's a miracle the movie got made at all considering the harsh weather conditions.  One of the things brought up in many reviews both on Amazon and on the internet is that this movie has no cgi.  This is usually brought up as a high point and something considered unique about the movie.  It's rather a sad thing when the lack of cgi is considered a unique thing in an adventure movie these days.  It just shows how commonplace it is.  A few years ago it was exactly the opposite.  But this is very welcome since it makes the movie look real and not like a video game cut scene(ya hear that Mr. Zemeckis?).  Grendel was described in the poem as more monsterlike in appearance, but here he looks like stepped over from the set of Quest For Fire, but more muscular.  This is also a complaint to some, but I didn't mind it.  Grendel's mother looks a little more like she's described in the original story.  I haven't seen Gerard Butler in many films, but he makes a good hero.  And it is nice to see a fairly unfamiliar face in the lead when Hollywood would have just as soon stuck someone like Brad Pitt in the role, not because he's best for the part, but because he sells movie tickets.  All in all, I really enjoyed this movie, moreso than I thought I would.  You may not feel the same way, but I thought it was so refreshing to watch a good old fashioned adventure film with a budget as well as some obvious hard work put into it.ne(ya hear that Mr. Zemeckis?).  Grendel was described in the poem as more monsterlike in appearance, but here he looks like stepped over from the set of Quest For Fire, but more muscular.  This is also a complaint to some, but I didn't mind it.  Grendel's mother looks a little more like she's described in the original story.  I haven't seen Gerard Butler in many films, but he makes a good hero.  And it is nice to see a fairly unfamiliar face in the lead when Hollywood would have just as soon stuck someone like Brad Pitt in the role, not because he's best for the part, but because he sells movie tickets.  All in all, I really enjoyed this movie, moreso than I thought I would.  You may not feel the same way, but I thought it was so refreshing to watch a good old fashioned adventure film with a budget as well as some obvious hard work put into it.
0679809015|5.0|My 16 mo old daughter LOVES to read this book and can lift the flaps on all of the animals.  I LOVE its petite size!  It easily tucks in her diaper bag or my purse for instant entertainment if we get caught in a slow checkout line at the grocery store.  We read it over and over both at home...and on the go!
B000WTNCQS|5.0|For over 20 years I've been an avid fan of U2 and I don't see this changing anytime soon.  The remastered Super Deluxe Edition is a keeper.    If you want to get closer to the band, this edition masters this and allows an introspect of each of the individual members.    I have the original Joshua Tree when it was first released, and comparing to the remastered edition - the quality is so much better.    It was well worth the cost, especially with the added bonus of viewing their 1987 concert in Paris.      Enjoy!
B00005JLEU|5.0|Yes, I am biased... I have been a Hayao Miyazaki and Studio Ghibli fan for a long time, but I will also say that I have worked in movie theaters and been a general movie addict for a long time as well... this is literally the only movie I will lend to and buy for people time and time again.  It's simply magical.      The story is about a young girl, Chihiro, who is moving to a new town with her parents.  Along the way to their new home, they get lost on a back road and explore an abandoned amusement park, only to find that (as many things are in Miyazaki's films) it is definitely not what it seems!  Chihiro finds her parents enchanted by a witch who runs a bathhouse for spirits.  With the help of Haku and other friends she has to make along the way, Chihiro must find a way to set herself and her parents free.    I lost track of how many copies of this I have purchased, but there's been atleast a dozen or so.  If you like any of Miyazaki's other films, like Princess Mononoke, Howl's Moving Castle, My Neighbor Totoro, etc, you will definitely enjoy this one!  It's the best of the bunch.
0618918248|3.0|I haven't read Dawkins' other works but am familiar of him through his public reputation as a brilliant and well respected evolutionary biologist. Therefore, as a person of faith, before reading `The God Delusion', I earnestly tried to keep an open mind and prepared to have much of what I believed to be sufficiently challenged. After reading his work I was astonished by the shallowness of his analysis and the overall immature tone of his writing.<br /><br />First it's unclear to determine exactly who the intended audience is. If his intent is to affirm the beliefs of atheists or at least convert skeptical agnostics than his obnoxious writing style makes some sense. But if he intended to reach out to the devout religious community then many of his points will get lost in his bombastic and sardonic style. And it isn't that Dawkins doesn't make some good points because he does every once and a while, but there are many other works that provide much better arguments without resorting to juvenile sophistry.<br /><br />For example, he tackles intellectual giants like Thomas Aquinas and Blaise Pascal, men who helped build Western Civilization, and in a few short paragraphs Dawkins essentially describes their arguments for God's existence as lame, without ever really disproving their points. He actually believes Pascal's wager is really about feigning religious piety because Dawkins claims people can't decide to be faithful. Ok, let's accept his point for the moment, does Dawkins offer anything more substantive to challenge Pascal? Nope.<br /><br />You can't help get the feeling that Dawkins bit off more than he can chew in this diatribe against faith. His dismissal of the Bible's wisdom and its influence in shaping Western Civilization is breathtakingly arrogant. Yes the Bible contains stories that are difficult to grasp, but Dawkins writes as if he's the first person in the whole world to reveal this. Thanks for the newsflash Dawkins but some of us already know this yet still manage to find wisdom that is applicable to our 21st century lives. And no, you don't need to believe in God to get value out of the Bible.<br /><br />He's on his strongest footing when he sticks to what he actually knows which is Darwinism and evolutionary biology. I would've been more satisfied if Dawkins didn't bother critiquing religious thinkers and admitted from the outset that the source of his atheism comes mainly from his faith in Darwinism, which for him, is the theory of everything. Unfortunately for Dawkins, Darwinism has its limitations. I'm not a creationist because I believe science has the potential to explain our biological origins but I wish Darwinists were a bit more honest about the incompleteness of their theory. For example, Dawkins accuses Christianity of being unreasonably discriminatory against groups like homosexuals. Fine, but how does Darwinism explain homosexuality? Why would a `selfish gene' program an individual to try to procreate with another individual of the same gender where there is no hope of it ever to perpetuate itself? Also, religious people almost always tend to produce more children than the non-religious. If faith is irrational why does natural selection tend to favor those with religious faith? Darwinism can't explain these anomalies, among others.<br /><br />Dawkins' book will be a welcomed affirmation of the beliefs of many atheists but this work will not sufficiently provide them the ammunition they need to completely put to rest the `God' question because ultimately his points are not adequate refutations of faith. Dawkins would do well to read works from his friend Steven Pinker who is the superior atheist philosopher. Being flippant can be entertaining for a short while but you've got to do more than just throw pebbles at the notion of faith, because, good and bad, faith has been the main source of values since the dawn of human civilization and always will. This does not mean that his book will not be influential. It is and will be for the years to come which is why it's essential for people of faith to read Dawkins work so they have the opportunity to think more critically about their own beliefs and be sufficiently prepared to counter arguments from those who wish to aggressively banish God from every sphere of society.to come which is why it's essential for people of faith to read Dawkins work so they have the opportunity to think more critically about their own beliefs and be sufficiently prepared to counter arguments from those who wish to aggressively banish God from every sphere of society.
B00005JPXY|2.0|The idea, conceived by producer J.J. Abrams, is brilliant, and the story told here is exciting, riveting stuff. It's tense and, at times, genuinely scary. If not for one little problem, I would have thoroughly enjoyed this film.<br /><br />The problem is in the presentation.<br /><br />Since the entire movie is supposed to come from a single hand-held camera, everything is in Shaky-Cam (or, as Roger Ebert aptly called it, \\"Queasy-Cam\\"). Hence, the movie quickly and continually induces vertigo in its audience; of the six members of my party, four reported some degree of motion sickness. Somewhere further down in the theater, we heard at least one person vomit.<br /><br />No matter how good a movie is -- and this one is, in its way, very very good -- it suffers when you can't bear to look at the screen. It's hard to appreciate the filmmaker's craft when you're trying to keep down the buffalo chicken sandwich you foolishly ate on the way to the theater.<br /><br />by Tom Knapp, Rambles.(net) editor
B000WC3AGM|4.0|I actually bought this particular giftset for my daughter aged 14 and she loves it!  She has watched the movie 20 times and has decorated Linc Larkin's Locker.  John Travolta in drag, what's not to like.
1881273156|5.0|This book was so difficult to read because of the preachy writing style of the author. However, it's a quick read and the concept of the book is worth everything. I have a wonderful relationship with my husband so came across this book by accident. As it turned out is was wonderful for better understanding why we get along so well so we can continue to preserve it for the years to come. It also helped me understand my relationship with my mom, my dad, my sister and my husband. It's not just about love for a husband and wife but for anyone you love. Worth every penny.
B000QRIHXO|5.0|Eckart Tolle is one of the highest spiritual thinkers of our times. What is great about this book is that it is so much more than information; it is actually written in such a way that it does what it sets out to do, which is to help us change our way of thinking. Each and every one of us can help bring about \\"a new Heaven and a new earth\\" by becoming more aware of now and by connecting with that which simply is. Practise what God said to Moses - \\" I am that I am\\" - in your daily life. If you read only one spiritual book among all that exist, let it be this one.
140120306X|5.0|Great for any fan of League who doesn't mind a little reading.  The parts of the Black Dossier being interspersed throughout the book were a great idea, and they provide the history of every generation of the league (and some information on France and Germany's leagues as well).  The comic portion delivers too.  If you hate actual reading, this may not be for you at this price, but if you don't mind...pick this up.
B000ULPFGS|5.0|Great intrigue and hard to figure who is really part of the bad guys.  Actors who serve the plot very well.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|This movie takes the TV series and blasts it into warp speed!!!!!!!!  I just felt like saying something cliched, but it fits perfectly.  I loved the TV series, and I would say the movie is actually better.  This series and movie is something that every since sci-fi fan should watch immediately.  The extras in this collector's edition are great for someone like me who did not buy the original DVD.  We can only hope they make another one of these masterpieces.
B000NDIAWY|5.0|The first time I heard Brandi Carlisle sing on the radio, I pulled the car over so I could listen to the song. It absolutley captivated me. I was sure she had to be in her 40's. The grit and soul in her voice sounded like a woman who had REALLY lived. What a shock when I saw her video! I was blown away that someone her age could write and sing on that level. She is amazing! My whole family loves this album! Even my husband, who doesn't usually like country music, enjoys this album.
B00000ILDE|2.0|I purchased this DVD, in order to add to my scifi collection. The price was good and I purchased the item brand new. Received the item within a few days, GREAT service. HOWEVER, the DVD itself, gets stuck or skips. It's not my player, its the disc itself. Was extremely disappointed because this is the first DVD I have purchased from Amazon that was faulty.
B000K15VSA|4.0|Having been a Blade Runner fan since it's theatrical release, I was more than happy to see the director's cut for DVD which was like seeing a new movie. One that made you use your brain. Although the gimmick is nice and you get all 5 versions including the work print, I was slightly disappointed at Mr. Scott's commentary. No real discussion about the movie and why he did this or that or why this was symbolic of this or that. Just a regurgitation of what was in the supplementary documentaries. I got more from Rutger's insight about the film or from the actors/writers than I did the director. Too bad he didn't take the time to really give us a sense on why he did what he did. Then the set would be really complete. But you do learn quite a lot from the supplementary material to keep this a definitive collectors set.
B00005JMJG|2.0|This movie seems to want to throw everything at you but the kitchen sink... actually staring at the kitchen sink would have been more entertaining ... and call it entertainment.  The movie had an interesting premise which was clouded and ruined by being over-eventful and consisting of a relationship between a shy man and a woman who clearly has a personality disorder, probably Borderline Personality Disorder.  If this relationship were examined in a more straightforward manner, without all the gags and tricks and minor characters trying to steal the show every second, the raw and bittersweet facts of such a relationship might have been affecting.  I once dated a woman with a similar personality disorder and so I found myself remembering how superficially charming and how difficult to disengage oneself from such people can be.  THIS is an interesting premise.  But it was as if the film-makers did not trust in their own premise enough to leave it to stand on its own feet and instead had to dance around it in such dizzying circles that it was entirely obscured.
