1558216847|5.0|This is on of those books that sticks with you. Like when hell was in sesion J.Denton or The Gulag archipeligo.  You'll never forget this moving story of what horors men can inflict upon one onther. And how brave others  can be .  A classic true good V. evil story. Like all the best stories it's  true.
0515125024|5.0|Die Trying is the sensational sequel to Killing Floor by Lee Child. If you haven't read Killing Floor I would recommend doing so before you read this book as it provides a basis for Reacher's character realism. As before the  main character is Jack Reacher, ex military policeman and all round  superhero. Reacher is intelligent, deductive and physically prodigous, so  if you like heroes of the elite variety then this is the character for you.  If you prefer cardiganed librarians and lack the ability to suspend  disbelief (an essential criteria for FICTION readers) avoid this book as  the storyline is astounding with a capital ASTOUND. Lee Child has produced  a book that captivates and ensnares its readers with suspense, intrigue and  a plot with more twists than a bowl of particularly tangled spaghetti. A  man mountain of a psychopath, a beautiful FBI agent with more secrets than  the FBI itself, moles galore and the president of the United States, all  come together in the valleys of Montana, in a literary feast. If that isn't  enough there's even a spot of romance (but not too much). All in all a book  for those of us who believe in a world where heroes do exist.
1859849296|1.0|I worked in one of the MC's hospices in seminary. They took in those no one else does and do work that no one else will. I bet the author has never changed an AID's patients diaper. I also bet the other critics haven't done  it either. When I see them taking over Mother Teresa's good work then they  have the right to be critical. I never saw such hard working and dedicated  women as those nuns. Certainly the Indian people have expressed their love  for Mother Teresa during her funeral. These critics are typical liberals  who hate the church for opposing their anti-child and anti-family policies.  I guess my main question to them would be how many children have you saved?
0871137380|5.0|I am not much of a reader, but being in the military, I thought this would be a good book to read.  Boy, was I right.  Blackhawk Down is a terrifying look into the black soul of battle.  The courage and bravery these men  displayed is matched by no other.  Even though they are supposed to be the  best, and beyond fear, the terror that the Rangers and Delta Force faced is  enough to make any man go insane.  If you are in the military and have  soldiers of your own, I strongly encourage reading this masterpiece, and  then make your soldiers read it.  We can never be truley prepared for what  terror combat might bring, but Blackhawk Down shows us what to guard  against and how to best overcome the worst of a situation to accomplish the  mission.
B00000IRED|4.0|New plot to a story.  Very good, well done.  Plot was so good they could have been much deeper in the delivery than they were.  Never the less found it to be different and entertaining.
0060922583|5.0|I have had strong psychic abilities my whole life. I didn't talk about it much, actually I learned to bury it. After reading this book I connected to so many parts of it. I realized that my being an artist, my passion, my  inspiration and my psychic ability were all connected. I could not afford  to bury any part of myself any longer. Concealing my psychic ability buried  my inspiration and my creativity with it. I have now gone through the most  wonderful life change.  Artists today,always complain that they can't find  inspiration. Inspiration, consciousness, spirituality, creativity and  psychic abilities are all there inside everyone. We are all too busy being  distracted by modern life. When the world wakes up to the holographic  concepts of the universe, they will find a more peaceful mind within and in  turn, their minds will change the world. I thank the author for writing  this book. His work has empowered me to &quot;SEE&quot; the hologram we  live in. I'm changing mine, will you?
6300213668|5.0|The movie is best thats all I can say i live in finland and the most people here love it the music is ROCK`N`ROLL and i love it !!!
B00000F1D3|5.0|This cd proves that Cher is an icon for millions, sensual, throaty and alive! She brought dance music to a new heighth, and &quot;All or Nothing&quot; is the next &quot;Believe&quot;. Buy it!!
6303168507|1.0|I warn you not to see this movie. Watch your dog sleep instead!!!!!
0380977281|3.0|I truly enjoyed reading this book, even once missing my subway stop.  It's fantasy for people who can't abide the current Tolkien derivitive word flushers.  Still, there's something lacking - a certain heart-feltness.  The characters were not quite cyphers, but neither did they engage at the  level that great fiction must.  Reading the book was like eating an  appetizing, but not filling, meal.  This reader was left hungry.
B00000IRED|4.0|The Truman Show, Jim Carrey: New plot to a story. Very good, well done.  Plot was good,different. However they could have been much deeper in the delivery than they were.  Never the less found it to be different and  entertaining.
6304806434|4.0|This movie was action packed and it was pretty good, but it was kinda...well, goofy. Come on, every bad guy in the planet on one plane, and only one gun. This was obviously a very ill-planed operation. But if you  shut your brain off and just enjoy the movie, its not half bad.
B0000041Z6|3.0|This set is great because it is inexpensive, and the recordings are generally very good.  While none of these are the definitive recordings of the symphonies, they will all suffice.  The symphonies 1, 5, 6, and especially 9 in this set are all good recordings, and they make it worth  it.  Solti has a tendency to take this works extremely fast, so the Mahler  purist may find them a little different.  The other symphonies have their  moments, but in general they are fairly sloppy and a buyer could do much  better.
6303979882|4.0|This movie was a great movie because it shows great freindship. I recommend it for people to see.
0783113943|5.0|When I saw this video, I was touched at the &quot;realness&quot; that was brought out in Gia's part.  I have recommended this film to many people and they have also enjoyed Angelina Jolie's performance. She brought life back  into Gia.  A must see!
6301334523|5.0|I saw this for the first time about a year ago because I was reading the book for a class, and while the book is certainly interesting, the movie just blew me away.  Outstanding acting on the part of all, especially in  the dynamic between the male and female roles.  Highest recommendations!
6305265496|5.0|I like every single thing that has to do with this film. I loved it and you will too!!!!
B000002UJQ|5.0|The only Radiohead song they play here is &quot;Creep&quot;.  I think Creep is a great song but it gave me the wrong impression of Radiohead (I didn't except to like the albums).     My friend let me borrow &quot;OK  Computer&quot; and it's awesome. Every song is great. I had to listen to it  several times to get to know it, though. I never guessed Radiohead would be  one of my very faveorite bands, I'm lucky I heard this.<br /> &quot;The  Bends&quot; is great too. <br /> If anyone knows when they'll be touring the  US or knows if there are any plans for a new albulm please email me.
B000002KGT|5.0|They sang with such more mature understanding of life and it's longings and lessons. Hear how the lyrics have changed in songs like Reanna by Stevey and such great power in their artistry.  Just listen the old  versions and then the new again or at the same time and hear the soul and  heart in the new works. Powerfull stuff!
006092988X|5.0|If you miss &quot;A Tree Grows In Brooklyn&quot; you will deny yourself a rich experiance. It is a poignant novel that shares the deep understanding of child and family relationships. It is profoundly moving, honest and most  importantly it cuts right to the heart of life.
B00000DHTF|3.0|Bruce Springsteen was heralded as the &quot;new&quot; Bob Dylan when he arrived on the scene in the 70's.  His recent release underscores the fact that although he is an outstanding songwriter, he is no Bob Dylan.  Tracks  begs to be compared to Dylan's Bootleg Series Vol 1-3 and it comes up on  the short end. Bruce has released capable outtakes that rightfully so never  ended up on his albums.  Rarely do you say to yourself, &quot;Why didn't  that make the album?&quot; as you do constantly with the Dylan set.  Listen  to Dylan's &quot;Let Me Die in My Footsteps&quot; or &quot;Moonshiner&quot;  or &quot;Blind Willie McTell&quot; and tell me there's one Bruce track even  in the ballpark.  Good work, yes, but hidden masterpieces, hardly.
B00000F1D3|5.0|The voice! The hair! The face lift! The diva is back! This album could be easily mistaken as a Stock Aitken Waterman project and surely will make Donna Summer green with envy. Although most of the tracks in this album sound similar from one to another but Cher's energy saves the day. Apart  from everybody's favorite title track, Strong Enough and the next single  Dov'e Amore should get to your attention. The Latin beat of Dov'e Amore  reminds me of Gina G's 'Ti A Mo' a couple years back. By the way, both  songs were written and produced by the boys at Metro. Pop this CD into your  car and enjoy the ride.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is a classic and should be seen by all ages
B000002C1W|1.0|I THINK MOST PEOPLE EITHER LOVE OR HATE PINK FLOYD.  I WAS ONE OF THE LATTER.  THE OPENING NOTES OF &quot;MONEY&quot; DRIVE ME UP THE WALL.  BUT &quot;ON THE TURNING AWAY&quot; IS THE BEST FLOYD SONG I'VE EVER HEARD.  I'M TEMPTED TO BUY THE ALBUM TO GET THE SONG.  I DON'T SUPPOSE I'VE HEARD  ANY OF THE REST OF IT.
078322706X|5.0|I'm not a Brad Pitt fan.  His physical attributes don't astound and thrill me!  But, I've got to give it to him:  He was convincing in his dual roles as the coffee shop sweetie and Mr. Death.  Claire Forlani, whom I've never  seen in a film before was simply luminous.  She's the perfect Susan in this  parable of one man's last days on earth.  Anthony Hopkins as Bill Parrish  is remarkable, as always.  He truly makes you feel as though he's a man  with little time left and has to spend the rest of his alloted time  cleaning up his act, making amends with his loved ones, assuring his  daughters that he loves them and has always loved them.  Also, Marcia Gay  Hardin and Jeffrey Tambor are both extremely good as the number two  daughter (in her father's heart) and her slightly inept (business wise)  husband.  They're both touching.  I wasn't put off by the length of the  film.  I think we should take the time to savor some things in life.  Slow  down, relax and enjoy this beautiful offering from Martin Brest.  You did a  good job, Marty!
B000002KFJ|5.0|I sometimes have dreams with music so grand, that I can never hold it inside my head long enough to get it down. This album sounds like one of those lucid dreams of mine and I LOVE IT!! It's hard for me to pick a favorite Sabbath album, but for now this is my favorite. The sound alone  can take you places. I am still in awe of the production value put into it.  The music sways from mind-numbing terror to absolute beauty. The Writ, with  so many twists and turns, is my favorite track on the album. This music  defies catagorization in my opinion. &quot;Heavy Metal&quot; doesn't cut  it. If Paranoid was the bands masterpiece of raw power, than Sabotage was  the bands masterpiece of grand production.
630197767X|5.0|This movie deserved to be named one of the greatest movies of all time. Sylvester Stallone really made a great movie here. He was very smart when he insisted on being Rocky, I can't picture anyone else playing the role.  This movie in every way shows a million to one plot. The most inspiring  movie ever made. Much better than Diggstown.
B0000033OZ|5.0|This newly formed band (only months old) already sounded like a veteran supergroup. This album represents what happens when the right musicians find each other at the right time. All three fresh from other notable bands (King Crimson,The Nice,and Atomic Rooster) it was a &quot;meeting of the  gods&quot;, all the way until the end of the Brain Salad Surgery tour.(I  know people who saw ELP on the BSS tour and said that no other sound system  or performance even came close) If you like adventurous music, this is one  of the best albums you'll ever hear.
0767802470|4.0|This is one of the best examples of where DVD excels. You can watch the original German with subtitles or in dubbed English. A riveting story that makes you appreciate life beneath the waves. Only problem was having to  turn the disk over and side A up meant side B was playing (strange).
B0000033PB|2.0|When I bought this album I was already a huge early ELP fan. I was really hoping they would write at least one song that harked back to their progressive days, but sadly they didn't. Most songs, although tightly played (as you'd expect from world class musicians) range from decent to  weak. A drab offering of music stuck between pop and geek-rock. A project  with alot of unfulfilled potential. Pass it up.
6304490119|3.0|The sound on this DVD seems not as good as others I have in my collection. I found the picture quality OK and obviously the story is superb. Having to turn the disk over is a real pain. The original movie was in DTS so I'm  hoping a DTS DVD will appear where they can rectify the sound.
0783229526|5.0|The reviews I've read only confirm my belief that most great works are either adored or loathed. Either you got the whole message and loved every minute or you couldn't wait for it to be over. It would definitly help to  read and enjoy the book before watching the movie. I doubt anyone could  have hoped for a better transfer from book to screen. There is so much  energy in this movie if your eyes are pointed the right way.Some fans only  seem to appreciate F&amp;L as a drug-culture flick, but it really goes alot  deeper than that. It's about two guys desperatly searching for the world  they once knew and attempts to tear down alot of the &quot;hippie&quot;  ideologies that many were stuck with after the summer of love. A real  masterpiece from both Thompson and Gilliam.
B00000IFWE|2.0|Only two songs that rock, Billy The Kid and Rhino  Skin.  The first 8 all sound the same like one  continuous song.  Slow melodic more of something fit for an easy listening radio station not really rock at all.  It is  similar to Springsteen's Ode to Tom Joad, nothing in it to really stir the  emotions, just something to listen to to put you to sleep. You can really  tell that he has been hanging out with Dylan too much.  Alot of times  Petty's sounds alot like Dylan.   Really disappointed with this CD.  Hope  during the tour he does more old stuff and not much off this CD. Only  people who want to own everything by Petty should buy it.
0792151720|4.0|No movie is going to get a perfect five stars in my book, nor a &quot;10&quot;. Four stars is perfectly fine (and still not a perfect movie). A &quot;9&quot; is the highest possible score any one movie can  possibly achieve. In a view of opinion, TITANIC rises and sails above  nearly all undistinguished movies of this millennial age. And if you don't  like this excellent production, then by gosh, go out and see THE MATRIX! I  enjoy all kinds of movies in all different ranges of categories, and this  is no big exception! Like what you like, and forget it! The debate is going  to go on the same way as the lyrics of Celine Dion's music track.
6305313687|4.0|Not the greatest movie, but you will be hard pressed to find a better acting performance than that given by Edward Norton.  When I watched the Oscars, I was thrilled to see Roberto Benigni win the Best Actor Oscar, but  having since seen Norton's performance for the first time, I can honestly  say that he was robbed at the Oscars for the second time in as many  nominations.  See this film, if for nothing more, because it contains a  truly great performance by a truly great artist.
0374172897|1.0|Overweening in it's pretense and preciousness.  I suspect Hollywood will be hot on it's heels.  Read Woolf, not Cunningham.  Absolutely phoney.
6301025083|5.0|Quite simply put, the best, most original piece of film-making of all time.  Fans of intellectual cinema are cheating themselves if they have not yet seen this masterpiece.
B000007OY0|5.0|Its amazing to me to read the two negative reviews of this film, because quite frankly, it has moved me like no film before or since.  For one, the direction and style of the film are superb, and the way the incredibly  gorgeous music of Thomas Newman enhances the wonderful story and acting is  unsurpassed in my mind.  The first time you watch this movie you're in for  a treat. Please if you haven't seen this movie, take a look....it will  restore you're faith in cinema as an artform and move you emotionally.
0375707972|5.0|It was a book I will not forget for a very long time. At first it collided with my values and made me grimace with disbelief. But then, it connected with my soul and made me pause for reflection.
B000002B7W|5.0|Randy Rhoads was the greatest guitarist that music has ever seen. I love Hendrix as much as the next guy, but Randy could have smoked him any day of the week. He is sorely missed, especially nowadays when we have bands like  Matchbox 20 and The Offspring busting out with 3 cords in a song and no  solos. Randy shows us all that if you want to play an instrument, stay the  hell away from the guitar because he has conquered it. This is his greatest  album, unfortunatly out of only three with Ozzy and two with Quiet Riot.  The fact that he died so young is a real tragedy, he will be missed by all  who follow him...
B00000FCBC|1.0|Yeah, whatever, James.  That is by far the worst track on the album.  Metallica Does Sesame Street.  Though. . . Elmo would make a nice addition to the band.  They can't get any worse, no?  Then the six of them can go on the Rosie O'Donnell Show.  Share their cheesecake recipes with the world.   If they're gonna go commercial they might as well go all the way...
0451188470|2.0|This is only slightly better than The Evolution of Jane.  The female characters are shallow, arragant and bitchy.  Frankly, the characterizations of the women seem to be written by a bitter man instead  of a woman.  I've thrown good money after bad on this author and won't make  the same mistake again.  I sincerely hope that the forthcoming screenplay  left out 95% of the book and rewrote the rest.
6304145217|5.0|How Zefarrelli ever got these youngsters to perform Shakespeare so perfectly is beyond me. Watch this and realize that this is one of the bard's masterpieces.  Mercutio and the nurse are to die for!
6305177473|5.0|I really love this movie and I could see it a thousand more times.It's my favorite,and Linsay Lohan is really good!It's great for the family to enjoy together.It's absolutely much better than the first one,it is more lively  and fun.
0312199066|4.0|I am not an astronaut-phile but I throughly enjoyed reading this book. An insiders account of the space race and the astronaut experience. The downside - having to overlook Cernan's enormous ego.
0385474547|1.0|I had to read this book for my freshman world geography class.  I would have rather read the section about Africa in my textbook (at least it's shorter!)  The writing style is to boring to get into.  It made Dickens  seem fast paced!!!  If your looking for a good novel about African people  by an African writer, it's not here.  Try Toni Morrison.
0374172897|5.0|Cunningham's novel uses Virginia Woolf as an author as well as a character.  His interweaving of  the characters of Mrs Dalloway, Clarissa and Woolf is both lyric and literary.  The three stories are compelling and  beautifully written.
0871137380|5.0|A very thorough depiction of urban combat seen through the eyes of the men who were there.  Bowden has created a fiction-like telling of actual events, without interjecting opinion.  He tells you a story - here is what  happened, you decide where blame should be placed, or which actions should  be morally judged.  I could not put this book down.
0792840054|5.0|This movie is about one woman's determination to succeed in business.  With all success, however, a price must be paid.  The viewer's attention is caught at the beginning of the movie and held to the end.
B000002BPS|5.0|Q: What do you get when you combine rock, punk, and tons of insightful lyrics? A:&quot;Ixnay On The Hombre&quot;, the best Offspring album there ever was. Listen to the songs and you'll know what I mean. This CD has  everything, from fast-paced punk (&quot;The Meaning of Life&quot;) to some  slightly slower rock. There's that painful song &quot;Gone Away&quot; and  the kinda bouncy song &quot;I Choose&quot;. And don't forget the other  songs: &quot;Mota&quot;, &quot;Me and My Old Lady&quot;, &quot;All I  Want&quot; and &quot;Cool to Hate&quot; just to name a few. Yup. All good  stuff. This is way better than that diappointing and disastrous  &quot;Americana&quot; which just loses the all stuff that makes the  Offspring so great. I mean, who wants to know about some dumb fly guy? If  you like punk rock, this is THE album to get. Oh, and don't forget to check  out &quot;Smash&quot; too.
6300151379|5.0|I never thought that David Bowie was so multi-facited. He is an excellent actor as well as musician. you need to put pressure on the company to re-release the video.
0553293397|5.0|Applying standard techniques of mystery analysis, you can figure out the murderer fairly easily.  But Asimov is an SF ethnographer, historian, and psychologist, not an Agatha Christie clone.  And as an SF work, it's one of  the best.
B0000024K1|5.0|Public Enemy changed hip-hop forever on this, their second album.  No longer could a rap group speak about partying and girls and expect to be taken seriously.  Chuck D, the one true &quot;prophet of rage&quot; took  rap to another level on songs like Bring the Noise, She Watch Channel  Zero?! and Black Steel in the Hour of Chaos.  This is the paramount  achievement of rap music, and has earned its place in the pantheon of the  best music of all time.  And, with the exception of our unfortunately  misguided friend from georgia with the sloping forehead, I don't think  there's one person who could think to contest that.
B00000IBRX|5.0|This is a movie that will make you think of what Heaven and Hell are really all about.  The plot is great and I can't see anyone else but Robin Williams playing the part of Christy because he exemplifies emotion in this  movie.  The portrayal of Heaven in this movie is a slice of what we all  hope it to be, and it makes you think of all the loved ones you've lost  over the years, and brings hope of seeing them again. Overall, one of the  BEST movies I've ever seen.
0671027344|5.0|The book is beautifully written.  I constantly am thinking about different scenes in the book.  A great first novel.
B000002J0B|5.0|These guys, Led Zeppelin, stand out among all of the great bands, and this album stands out among all of their albums.  Every song on here is good (except maybe &quot;The Crunge&quot;); you can listen to all of them over and over again.  The guitar of &quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot; and &quot;The Song  Remains the Same&quot; is awesome.  The best song on here is &quot;Over the  Hills and Far Away&quot; because of Plant's vocals.  Robert Plant is one of  the greatest vocalists ever, and this shows on the album; his  sometimes-screeching voice is so cool because it is unique.  The best Led  Zeppelin fans may have the 4 CD box set, but they still need this CD to  make their collection complete.  I just started getting into classic rock  after I discovered all the new stuff is terrible, and Led Zeppelin has  become my favorite band.  Even if you never buy a Led Zeppelin album again,  you must have this one!
0393317552|5.0|Diamond's book is a gem (no pun intended). It's clear, well-written and geared to the general reader. This is the first science book that I found to be a &quot;page turner.&quot; This book rests on good science and a  wonderful pulling together of different disciplines.  Don't miss this book.  It should be REQUIRED reading for every high school student and for all  teachers.
1572522232|3.0|While this is not a movie that is suitable for all adults, at least those that cannot appreciate graphic Italian horror films, &quot;Suspiria&quot; is one of director Dario Argento's best films and my personal  favorite.<br />What helps to make this film scary is the loud soundtrack from  The Goblins and the dark photography.  If you want to see a really good  Italian horror film, let Suspiria be the one.  Keep in mind that this is an  extremely violent film.
B000007MVM|2.0|when i saw this in the cd shop, i gasped in excitement.you see, i've never knew syd released some solo albums after pink floyd.i love his songs in the pf albums, the 66,67 singles and the piper album.those great melodies and  moody lyrics.obviously i grabbed this first solo work.when i played it,i  fell on my face!those great hooks and melodies were gone!and he seemed to  be just playing his guitar all alone,sounds more like a demo.anyway i know  some love this, well not as bad as those crappy boy bands i hear nowadays,  but could have been better with more polished arrangement.
6303617719|5.0|This is really one of my favourite movies because of its atmosphere. Of course it is a very funny comedy which makes you laugh until your stomach aches but I love it the most for its silent moments, the ones when Meg Ryan  and Kevin Kline just don't need to speak. It is just the way they look that  expresses everything. It really makes you shiver. This film is a must, it  is packed with romance!!!!
6303961665|3.0|Although I prefer &quot;Jesus of Nazareth&quot; over all the Biblical films depicting the life of Christ, this film comes in at a close second (&quot;King of Kings&quot; is enjoyable although loses most of it's luster  when compared to &quot;Greatest&quot;). Max Von  Sydow (with those piercing  blue eyes) turns in a notewrothy portrayal as Jesus and should have at  least gotten an Oscar nod for his performance. Charlton Heston with his  booming, commanding voice and rugged, masculine physique is the idyllic  John the Baptist and should have been an Oscar contender in the supporting  actor catagory, Dorothy McGuire is radiant as the Virgin Mary ( even if she  does have a small role--which should not have been so relegated) and Jose  Ferrer gives a wry, yet somewhat gruff portrayal of Herod Antipas while  Claude Raines is a terrifying Herod the Great. Telly Savales is rather  mediocre as Pontius Pilate, Angela Lansbury as his wife Claudia, should  have had more than one line and John Wayne should never have been offered a  part in the film. Despite the few minor flaws this is an enjoyable film and  does not lack the essence of the Gosples.
B000002GQG|2.0|Considering the prominent display of &quot;remastering&quot; hoopla on this disc, I was quite surprised to find it one of the poorest CD reissues I have heard in some time; to my ears, the dynamic range sounds severely  limited compared with the LP version; a real disappointment: caveat emptor.
6304414145|1.0|Dull.  Bad.  Over violent.  Mel Gibson trots out his three acting tricks.  Only Gary Sinise manages to create anything credible in this stupid flick.  If you want to see an interesting movie with a similar plot, rent  Kurosawa's High And Low.  Avoid Ransom.
B00000AOSL|5.0|FROM THE DAYS OF BEING A THIN LIZZY TOURING GUITAR PLAYER TO BACK ON THE STREETS A TRUE ROCK CLASSIC IN THE SAME LEAUGE AS &quot;BLOW BY BLOW&quot; AND &quot;BECK-OLA&quot; GARY MOORES GUITAR SCREEMES 4 MERCY UNLIKE NO  OTHER. I HAVE THE ORIGINAL ALBUM I BOUGHT IN MY EARLY YEARS OF &quot;HIGH  SCHOOL&quot; .A ALBUM IM SURE YOU WILL NEVER GET TIRED OF . I HAVE  NOT!!!!!!!!! .VICTIMS OF THE FUTURE AND CORRIDORS OF POWER A MUST BUY!!!!
0394548442|5.0|The book may be small, the writing may seem simplistic, but this account from several survivors of the first atomic bombing truly drives home the horror of what happened. By leaving out the &quot;drama&quot;, Hersey  effectively translates the shock, the mind-numbing horror that was  experienced by the people of Hiroshima during and after the dropping of the  bomb.
6302636779|5.0|This is truly my favorite movie.  It has all the right ingredients - great photography, exotic local, haunting music, unrequited love, a unique plot, a small part by the late great Colleen Dewhurst, and of course, the ever  spectacular Audrey.  Save the experience for a lazy, drizzy day: You will  be mezmorized!
B0000047EC|5.0|If you're a fan of either Methany or Haden- and I am a great fan of both- then this is simply a must have. This is perhaps Methany's best acoustic, small ensemble work to date, and Haden just keeps getting better and  better.<br />If you're not yet acquainted with these two musicians, then this  would be a great place to start. These are two musicians who start with  good, solid melodies, whether jazz, pop, country or whatever, and build on  them. Who else could take a Roy Acuff song and make it sound so hip?
079073639X|2.0|I recevied this DVD through a promotional offer (5 free discs with my DVD player) and I am so glad I didn't pay for it.  Dustin Hoffman is just annoying, the script has so many holes you could use it to pan for gold,  the special effects are average (at best)... The ONLY thing that made this  worth watching was that the underwater sequences sounded awesome in 5.1  surround.
B000001E18|5.0|Zooropa is one of the most under-appreciated CD's of this decade!  From the trippy title track with its tempo change, to the beautiful Wim Wenders inspired &quot;Stay (Faraway, So Close)&quot; with its wonderful lyrics and  bass line, to &quot;The Last Time&quot; questioning God's love, you can't  go wrong.  What a treat this CD is!  It is my favorite U2 CD (and I love  Joshua Tree, AB, etc.)
B000002NBY|5.0|This is Simons best work, I like the the entire album, there isn't a song that should be skipped, I listen to it all the time, it rules! Defenitly a five star rateing
B000000WF0|5.0|Moody, emotional, mellow, rocking, melodic.  A memorable CD which is better with every listen for me.  I bought it the day it came out and a week doesn't go by that I don't listen to Urban Hymns at least once.
6305263248|4.0|It's a homage to the existential thriller films of the '60s and '70's - we don't know much about the characters, the central objective remains a mystery, and the entire movie feels like it's spinning madly around a void.   Yet, the movie is fantastic in ways that many thrillers aren't - it  promotes cool-headed professionalism and preparation over histronic mayhem  and it grounds the viewer with a definite sense of place and locale rather  than in inpersonal, corporate settings. The story between the big action  set pieces doesn't seem like padding and Frankenheimer sees clearly the  loneliness and viciousness of people who can't have any kind of human  contact beyond the merely professional. The film didn't grab me on first  viewing - the whole MacGuffin about what's inside the case seemed too  outdated and affected in my view (it still does).  But the atmosphere that  Frankenheimer, and Robert de Niro and Jean Reno (as two ex-spies working  with a team to retrieve a case for a mysterious client) create is uniquely  somber as well as exciting.  It's a great action picture, all right - the  chase through the Paris traffic tunnels is an instant classic - but its an  action picture that doesn't sacrifice details or tone for thrills.
B000002C4C|2.0|There is nothing wrong with sticking with something that works!  The only difficulty that I have is that no one seems to be able to hear the effects of all these vocal pyrotechnics on her voice.  She has taken a gift and  completely destroyed it.  IF she ever had seven octaves (a piano covers 7  and a half), I would be surprised to learn that she is functioning with  anything more than three right now.  My advice is to get rid of some of the  rollercoaster and opt instead for some smoother sailing.
0385472951|4.0|Except for the ending, this was a very good book with realistic characters and one helluva plot!  Patrick Lanigan, you are just too smart!
0385493800|2.0|I usually like Grisham.  His contempt for the legal profession is amusing &amp; there is some of that contempt here.  This book starts off really good &amp; quickly turns in to an adventure down a river.  BORING.  If I  want a travelogue/study of other cultures thing, I will go find Michener
015650300X|5.0|Au premier lecteur de ce conte, on comprend une belle histoire d'un petit garcon qui fait un voyage epatant. Helas! au fond de ce conte se trouve une histoire de laquelle on se rappelle l'importance de la vie,  l'amitie et  fidelite, et  la responsalite que l'on a vers notre planete. On se rend  compte de la beaute de l'enfance, et que meme les adultes, nous devrions  garder l'enfance qui se cache dans nos coeurs.
0553525964|5.0|I listened to the audiobook. The narrator &amp; reader did an excellent job of presenting this book. At times, I actually wanted to keep driving in Washington, D.C. just to keep listening. I feel Grishamhas presented us  with a different theme with this book..many authors continue to write along  the same theme..he has started to change with each book. He also did this  with Street Lawyer. In addition, he is exploring social and religious  issues and presenting them in a very factual, appealing manner.For  christian readers desiring a good secular read, this is it!!!
0553288105|4.0|I found this book to be quite good on two levels.  First, the story and theme of this book is quite intriguing.  The story isn't exactly a page turner, but none-the-less engages the reader in a strange way.  The theme  of this book sugest that rather than preventing human stupidity, one should  rather use their own wisdom to counter it.  The second level of this book,  the science, is quite interesting for those who have the background to  understand it.  The only trouble with this book I found is that those who  do not know Asimov's style or the science behind the plot will be utterly  confused.  For such people I recomend Reading the Robot and Foundation  novels befor atempting this book.
B00000IPAX|5.0|me heard around 3-4 songs they kick ass...but they seem a little bit peacefuler(?).....
0553282980|4.0|I finished reading the book in just a day. The language used is simple and not too heavy. This book strikes a chord with me as the quotes that Mr Keating used from A Midsummer Night's Dream brought me back to the era of  my secondary school days. It was like going down memory lane. My friends  and I really loved to quote off-handedly from this play way back then. I  still occasionally quote from Shakespeare. In addition, Mr Keating's  advocation to carpe diem also transported me back to the days of junior  college. Ever since carpe diem found its way to my vocabulary (as I was  doing metaphysical poems with the above theme by Andrew Marvell), I have  sworn to live by it.However, I find that the book has told more than show  and there are room for expanding on its description. In a way, this  drawback has made the book border on the superficial. But on the whole,  Dead Poets' Society is still a book worth reading, especially for starters  who are 'learning' to take an interest in Literature and hence, may not  want to get heavily bogged down by literary jargons or a  particular  subject. My caution for these people: Take care of thyselves as thee  venture into the poison springs of Literature.
6305265666|4.0|What was just a simple fairy tale, taken for granted by adults after having loved it as a child, is now transformed into a semi-historical account.  Thanks to Leonardo da Vinci.  The idea of personifying the  &quot;fairy godmother&quot; image into Da Vinci's mold is one of the  movie's novelty.  The transformation was explained, together with the  existence of the glass slippers.  Though the fairy tale boasts of an  original but simple plot, the movie tried to inject a balance of modern-day  attitude and historicity into the simple story of a maltreated  stepdaughter.  It took bits and pieces of Da Vinci's works to be sewn into  the life of Danielle (Cinderella).  But the real selling point of the movie  was its romantic angle.  A must-see for dating couples.
B000005ITX|5.0|There are some albums that just don't sound old or tired, and this is one of them.  I am going to enjoy this one for a very long time!
630518299X|5.0|this is the best comedy movie i have seen of jim carrey. good work. best of luck in the future jim.
0553275976|5.0|I don't wish to make a proclamation that this is the &quot;best American book ever written,&quot; nor do I want to complain about an &quot;inadequate&quot; ending.  All I can say about this book is that, from  the first chapter's over-the-top description of the mayor's speech in  Harlem, &quot;Bonfire&quot; consistently held my attention.  (I'm sorry to  say that I can't say the same about the more recent &quot;A man in  Full.&quot;) The sheer unfortunate reality of Wolfe's writing is, as many  will tell you, a precise color photograph taken then and there in 1987,  complete with polarizing filter and an all-too-true vibrancy.  It's the  kind of book that might be depressing to read soon after its publication  and yet evokes quite a few biting, almost nostalgic memories of those  infamously coarse upwardly-mobile days of yore.  And while I was a mere  four years old when I myself was caught in the middle of that web of  58th-and-Sutton &quot;would you like to draw pictures in the Met,  Samantha?&quot; Upward Mobility, this seems to accurately capture that era  that I at the time failed to understand but am now sure existed just as  Wolfe has said.<br />And yet &quot;Bonfire&quot; is by no means historical  fiction.  Rather, our good friend Tom manages to do what I've always  maintained a good satirist should do:  Keep a perfect distance.  Wolfe  manages to edge close enough to his characters to dig into their minds and  show us what's inside -- and yet he stays far enough away that he can poke  fun and them with his usual slightly-supercilious air.<br />This perfect  distance of his seems to be what ensures a constantly entertaining read.   Seldom do the often-lengthy descriptions bore the reader; such minor  allusions as that to the &quot;tub and shower stall module -- module! -- a  single molded unit that deflected slightly when he stepped into the  tub&quot; remain startling real, making the abrupt ending not at all  unsatisfying but rather entirely appropriate and understandable; with  literature this interesting, why would one ask for a happy ending?
0312954468|5.0|Wilbur Smith (no relation) has over 20 African shotemups, all great. You have to be to sell 65 million copies. The River God is my favorate. I read it at the same time that I read Ramses by Jacq, I got dizzy a lot. River  God is the best, what I call a good meaty book. Tanus is our hero who tries  to bring the two parts of Egypt together. Up and Down  Ha-Ka-Ptah goes our  hero, with foxy Lady Lostris and the know it all slave (you get to the  point where you just want to smack him, Taita). What a great ending, which  I'll not tell, Amazon has a copy of this if you just have to know. I will  tell you, it sets up the stage for the next book called Seventh Scroll.  There's a lot of bang-bang shotemup, ancient Egypt style, with a lot of  main players doing a stage left. But good ol Wilbur leaves enough on their  feet to finish the book. Don't tell Amazon what is on page 79 or they will  pull the book..you know how they are. Thats your Smitty review for  today...30.
6305311463|1.0|Oh my god! WHY? Originally the Criterion collection was meant to preserve classic films and not shovelware from Hollywood. This film needs no preservation becuase it is already dated. Please burn the original  negative. PLEASE!
0606001743|1.0|I had to read this book this summer, and I am lucky that I got through it.  It has no climax and no plot twists.  Nothing to keep the reader intrested in the book.  It just goes on and on.  I know it has historical inportance,  but how can anyone get though this book without falling asleep.  I take  comfort in knowing I will never be forced to read it agian.  A school can  only torture you once.
0871137380|5.0|I am still haunted by this book even having finished reading it over a month ago. Bowden did an excellent job in yanking the reader into his story and perfectly capturing the horror, the shock, the blood, the pain, the  terror, and the heroism of the battle. The situation reminded me of a  modern-day Little Big Horn. I can't praise Bowden's skill as a writer  enough. His in-depth interviews of combatants from both sides of the  conflict, coupled with the compelling story, make this a very difficult  book to put down once you start reading it. Like in the best fiction, the  reader is transported to Mogadishu for one hellish night.
1558216340|5.0|I first had this book read to me as a 12 year old student by a Polish surviour of Germany's concentration camps. He was my teacher. It has been my favourite book ever since. As a teacher I read this book to all my  classes (9-13 year olds) and they all enjoy it. It is gripping and shows  the endurance that a human being has when faced with trials. And the love  that men, struck down with torture etc., can show to a young woman. nd how  this young woman can, herself, bring peace to tormented souls simply by  being there. A great read and a must book to own. You'll read it many  times.
6305263248|4.0|This movie has the best car chase ever captured on film.  The movies was full of action, and also had a quality story.  Well writen and directed.  De Niro is as good as usual and Jean Reno casted perfectly for his part.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK COMPUTER IS AMAZING! I bought PABLO HONEY AND WAS FLOORED then I bought THE BENDS AND WAS BLOWN AWAY, and said, ''There is no way Radiohead can do better.'' WOW, WAS I WRONG!!! OK COMPUTER IS FLAT OUT AMAZING. BUY THIS CD NOW YOU WILL TRULY LOVE IT!!!!!!!!
B00000IIXH|4.0|Let's face it, Fever is worth the cost of the CD alone.  Born in the USA harkens back to the Nebraska days and Promise is 1978 all over again.
6302902010|1.0|Can someone out there ask the Gershwin family to get their heads out of their collective as&quot;&quot;&quot; and DIG UP THE BURIED version of the ORIGINAL PORGY AND BESS with Sydney Poiter, Sammy Davis and the great  Dandridge!  Can't they take a hint!!!  Maybe if they're reminded that  there's big bucks to be made they'll relent.  I'll pay the price to see  this classic.
B000000WZ4|5.0|Long before this album appeared in april 1997, I had the Depeche Mode fever. I felt something great was going to happen, especially after hearing Barrel of a Gun. When it finally came out, the album turned out to be even  better than expected. It still is getting better and better, after two  years. I love all the songs. Personal favourites are beside &quot;barrel of  a gun&quot; &quot;sister of night&quot; and &quot;the bottom line&quot;,  but my opinion changes all the time. One period I am convinced  &quot;Insight&quot;is the best track, the next I think it's &quot;It's no  good&quot; etc. Now I would say it's &quot;Sister of night&quot;. Black  celebration is my second favourite album. It's unbelievable that some peope  prefere older stuff like from the Speak and Spell and Broken Frame period  over this stuff. Those people haven't grown along with the band. This is  serious stuff.
0800177177|4.0|Francis Ford Coppola's 'Dracula' failed to leave a positive impression after my initial encounter.  However, subsequent viewings forced me to alter my previous opinion.  This modern rendition of a 'classic literary  myth' is sumptuously designed and effectively utilizes just about every  'stylistic flourish' imaginable.  Many fanatics of the original novel will  be quite disheartened by this modern update but film buffs will enjoy it's  innovative theatrical style.  The castle sequences are beautifully rendered  possessing a sense of morbidity and terror though out it's duration.   Highly recommended.
B00000DHRX|5.0|Two awesome CDs for the price of one!  One to play when you are getting ready to go out and hit the town and the other to play when you are enjoying the company of that special someone.
0790740443|3.0|I doubt anyone involved in the production of this movie ever made it through boot camp, or served a day as a soldier.  The pretext of this movie is that 'soldiers', particularly American Soldiers, as they are the only  ones seen in this film committing one mindless atrocity after another, at  their core are mindless automatons that can be ordered to do anything and  will follow through gladly. The inference seems to be that this is the kind  of fighting men that we are heading for, if we don't already have them.          &quot;The Seven Samurai&quot; had it right.  Warriors are the ones  complained about, insulted, critisized when there is no danger, but when  the alarm sounds, or there's a dirty job to do, they are the ones that you  run to.       &quot;Real Soldiers,&quot; if it's even possible to define  that, are as complex and diferentiated as the society that they come from.   Some are capable of any atrocity that you care to name, others would risk  everything to prevent the same.     If anything good could be said about  the theme of this movie it's that it presents a nightmare vision of what  some people think soldiers are, or should be.  However, in a democratic  society soldiers are what we ask them to be.
0871137380|5.0|I can't recommend this book enough, its hard to believe its a true story. You'll find yourself unable to put it down and have to constantly remind yourself that these are real people and not characters out of a Clancy  novel. Its a fitting tribute to the heroes of our Armed forces, men who  sacrifice for what are often dubious causes. Mark Bowden's style is  reminiscent of Stephen Ambrose, first hand accounts (from both sides) woven  together to give you a detailed picture of the battle. This is an excellent  book, read it!
0800197879|5.0|I found &quot;Annie&quot; to be wonderful.  Although, i think it would appeal more to a younger child than to adults. I loved Carol Burnette's role; she was absolutely hilarious!  I have seen this movie many times and  I plan to see it many more!
6303983812|5.0|My three year old calls it &quot;The Rest of the Cats&quot;. We all love it but she watches it every day.
0670813028|5.0|I've read almost all of King's books and I am an fan, but this is simply a masterpiece, you go through all the range of emotions. This is the best novel I've read. Bram Stoker's Dracula has lost it's first place. A MUST  READ!!!!!!!!!!!
0780623134|5.0|I love THE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION.  Robbins is fantastic, Freeman is (as always) perfect.  Direction is magnificent.  The opening fly-by shot of the bus arriving at Shawshank is a classic piece of cinemaphotography.<br />But  I'm baffled by the review by Jeff Shannon (above).  Specifically, when  Shannon writes &quot;we realize there's reason to believe the banker's  crime was justifiable,&quot; WHAT ON EARTH IS HE TALKING ABOUT?!?  Just for  starters, the banker DIDN'T COMMIT THE CRIME!  And nowhere in the film is  it even vaguely implied that it was a justifiable crime---JUSTIFIABLE  DOUBLE HOMICIDE?  HUH?!?   I know there are a lot of films to write about  on Amazon.com---but you still need to watch AND PAY ATTENTION to each one,  Jeff!
0380713802|5.0|If you've ever traveled through Europe, with a backpack or briefcase, you will enjoy reading the different cities he's traveled too.  He puts into words the feelings we've all had while exploring new cities, meeting new  people and trying to figure our how to make the most of the short vacation  time we have.
0140177396|1.0|I'm torn between giving this book one star for making me depressed and giving the book five stars for how well written and how honest the book is.  All in all, the book deserves the classic status it has attained, but do  to how the story made me feel, I had to throw my copy away.  I am not a  reader that will say a simple &quot;this book sucks&quot; but this book  made me feel bad.  The truth behind the tale disturbed me.  That was  probably the point trying to be made, but even so, I cannot get by how it  made me view the world at the end.
6305268843|5.0|My husband despises the fiction of Jane Austen and the Brontes but he agrees with me that this film is one of the best we've seen in years. What won him over, and within two minutes? The stunning cinematography, the  intelligent directing and editing, the compelling performances, and the  resonance of the images. There are no villains in this piece, yet--amazing  for film--interior conflicts, exciting and dangerous, surface to draw the  viewer in.  There's lots to think about here as well as much to see. I'm  sorry this film didn't receive more attention: I would have loved to see it  on the big screen. But the positive to that negative is how lucky one feels  having stumbled upon it. The last time that happened was with &quot;Before  the Rain,&quot; another wonderful find!
0783226160|5.0|My wife and I watched the 20th Anniversary cut recently and howled all the way through it. It's terrible that Doug Kenney left us when he did, because his attention to detail comes through in this movie time and again. This  movie is kind of an extension of the National Lampoon's High School  Yearbook, for those who recall that effort. If you wanna know what it was  like, or be reminded of, being young and full of hormones in the early  60's, this is the place to look. It is a companion in many ways to American  Graffitti. Rock and roll, wet-head haircuts, garter belts, overbearing  college administrators, frats and sororities, beer busts, miniscule grade  point averages, peaceniks and the draft board lurking in the  background...it's all here.
6304639457|5.0|I was skeptical that FM could recapture the magic of the past, but this video took care of any skeptisism that I had. I disagree with the comments made about shelving &quot;Go Insane.&quot; It was Lindsey's high point. And  the intro to &quot;Rhiannon&quot; was hardly cheesy - I was moved by  Stevie's pain. Christine McVie is excellent throughout. But the highlight  is &quot;Silver Springs&quot; Hearing Stevie sing about a broken love is  just incredible.
6304510861|5.0|This is VINTAGE David Lynch, Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me an Lost Highway must be the two most under-rated films of the 90's, they are both true masterpieces of sound design, cinematography, complex plotting and  surrealism.<br />I can perfectly understand people like Nick Palliser not  liking this movie, but why they would come to this page simply to leave a  narrow-minded, negative review is beyond me. Just because you have not the  intelligence to understand the films of David Lynch, doesn't mean you have  to try and discourage other people from discovering it.
0887307396|5.0|When one comes to analyse the success of a company the timeline is a must, we need companies that last long enough to generate wealth to the community it is in. This book presents the results of a magnific research on how this  kind of companies are runned. The directions and hints presented should be  part of the everyday life of any manager (of all levels) who intend to  really make his/her business grow and last. We recommend to read the  paperback edition which has a new chapter that summarizes the whole idea of  the book.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader brings to life a love affair truly based on friendship. Schlink's message is clear - a first love is never to be forgotten, no matter the passage of time.
0684800713|5.0|This is simply the best book I have ever read. The writing is as strong and powerfull as a swift kick to the head.  This book will make you want to get on a plane and fly to Pamplona Spain.
6300208699|5.0|sellars is at his best in this acerbic view of the power of mone
6305177473|5.0|I have seen this movie many times and think it is terrific for both kids and adults.  It is funny, thoughtful and romantic.  A real find.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Having followed the musical carreer of SB for quite some time, one never knows what to expect listening to her latest CD. This CD is no exception. This is one of her best ever made. SB and Wolfgang Peterson have outdone  themselves this time. The CD is a beautiful descent to SB's intimate place  called &quot;Eden&quot;. You are swept away to her realm of music, fantasy  and your own imagination. Will SB be able to top this CD, only time will  tell, but knowing her track record, she probably has some great CDs up her  sleave. Note to the Americans: Having seen SB last night in Brussels  (Belgium) I can give you one advise: Go visit one of her concerts in the US  in may/june 99 - it will be a night in &quot;Eden&quot; you never forget.  SB is one of the last great soprano stars in the league of Callas,  Schwarzkopf...If only she would make a full classical CD of aria's.
6305171769|5.0|When I went to see this I was completely blown away.  It was suspenseful, scary, and action packed. Jamie Lee Curtis did a fantastic job and so did the rest of the cast.  Chris Durand did a great shape and when Laurie  finally...oops sorry, I shouldn't give the ending away.  It's a great film  and those of you who don't think so, get a life!
0783231202|5.0|This is the best movie that has been made in many years. Every scene, every image was done so perfectly that it is mesmerizing. I just love the part where that guy has the bible and he looks up at the ship and the masts  look like crosses and its just like they are being crucified for their  cause. The extreme talent that went into this movie is amazing.
B000006ZPY|1.0|Unless you are a solo artist, I really can't consider one original member left in a band the same band as it started as. If you look at all the Black Sabbath albums made after Born Again as a Tony Iommi solo project, then its  not so bad.  Some people can find beauty in anything. If you are planning  on buying this, I sure hope you have their first 6 albums because this will  scare you away if not. But I mean, hey, its the 80's. Most heavy metal  bands sounded like this. Generic metal vocalist, you've heard it all  before. If you really like those first 6 albums, do yourself a favor and  save some money on this.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Nothing is good about this movie. Not only is the plot utterly rediculous, the acting disgustingly bad, and completely lacking of any intelligence whatsoever, but it can cause permanent brain damage. Anyone who likes this  movie is an idiot. It is just another lame attempt to cram lots of stupid  special effects together and ignore artistic concerns.
B000002L71|5.0|This is a great intro CD for people just getting into one of the most ingenious bands ever around.  Just remember that some of the songs on this  CD sound a lot better than on the original albums (case in point,  &quot;What A Day That Was&quot;.  Anyone know where I can get a copy of the  video for this?  I'd LOVE to see it!
0780625129|5.0|This is one of the best movies of the decade.  Edward Norton plays an outstanding role as Derek Vinyard. Dont wait to see this movie!!!!!!
B000002KNY|5.0|This is, by far, the coolest Talking Heads album ever.  It's music is dark and forboding, yet funky and dancable at the same time.  This CD is a collection of contradictions: from the electricity of &quot;Drugs&quot; to the torpor of &quot;Heaven,&quot; the Heads rip it up all the way.   &quot;Animals&quot; is a great song, and even better to listen to when  you've had a bad day  : )
0399143904|2.0|I did not like his previous book that focused on John Clark instead of Jack Ryan either.  This book is cheesy and very predictable.  The character development was weak except for the few main characters.  The supporting  characters were important enough that they should have been developed  further.  He has sunk to the level of the rest of the pack of military  techno-thriller authors.  While this would be an accomplishment for some,  his previous books demonstrate that he is a better author.
B00000ILBK|1.0|The very best episodes of the Star Trek television series (pl) are those which hold up viewing after viewing--a strong plot, charismatic characters, believable dialogue, and unique (usually) story. The same holds for the  films, which is why this one is disappointing compared to most of its  predecessors.  The story lacks strength, the humor scenes are contrived,  and (in my opinion), the characterizations are wrong.  Most of the main  characters of The Next Generation cast are lost in the movie, particularly  Geordi, Troi, and Dr. Crusher.  The effects are good, but I would have  preferred less effects and more substance.<br />However, this is a fairly  &quot;good&quot; movie by box-office standards, and worth seeing at least  once, although three or more times would be too many.
B000002J09|5.0|LED ZEPPELIN IV AND ALL OF THE OTHER LED ZEPPELIN ALBUMS KICK!!! THE BEATLES ARE CRUD COMPAIRED TO LED ZEPPELIN! LED ZEPPELIN IS GOD!
6305127638|1.0|I admit I can't understand what so many TREK fans see in this film.  It doesn't feel like STAR TREK at all--more like the typical forgettable action-adventure flick.  Great special effects, but as with Jurassic Park,  they don't make a good movie in and of themselves (dj vu!).  It efinately  doesn't stand up to repeated viewings like its immediate predecessor  Generations.  I do like the continuity with the original series episode  &quot;Metamorphosis&quot; in the character of Zephram Cochran, but other  than that this movie seems to me to be an attempt to make a box-office  blockbuster (i.e., use of the Borg once again, lots of action scenes, dark  lighting, etc.) instead of a STAR TREK feature.  Little substance, lots of  standard action-movie clichs and tricks. I also don't think the way the  Borg were portrayed in the story fits in too well with the way they were  portrayed during the TV series.  The story's not as flawed as some of the  other ST flicks (The Final Frontier and Insurrection), but it still  retreads over old, well-worn ground with the time-travel device (used over  and over again throughout STAR TREK), the saving-Earth and/or the galaxy  syndrome (Star Treks I, IV, and VI), the shallow villain syndrome  (especially Star Treks III, V, and IX [Insurrection]), etc.  Everything  about the film, including the new ship, conveys a dark, menacing impression  despite the fact that at this point the war with the Dominion had yet to  begin.  As with nearly all standard action flix, after seeing this two or  three times it becomes almost painful to watch all the way through.
B000002L7Y|4.0|I'm the one that gave three stars last time, but I've revised my opinion upwards--in case anyone's interested!  The album has grown on me, especially &quot;The Blue Sky&quot; -- catchy, with sentiments both  sophisticated and sensitive.  Kids may like the sound of a-ha, but the  angst is definitely adult.
6300214370|2.0|Okay I just bought the CD to the Broadway recording and saw the show on Broadway and loved it. The music is great.  But I was so disapointed when I saw the actual movie, it was below expectations.  Skip this soundtrack and  go the Cast Recording one, the singers are much better.
6300151379|5.0|My sister and brother have always loved this movie. We are 15, 19, and 13 now and still love it. It is an exciting adventure story with great puppets and costumes and good music. Kids love it and fairy tale loving teenagers  and adults will too!
0440219078|5.0|i dont read very often, but i took the time to read this one. i absolutely loved it. if you are into science-fiction you will enjoy this. i still to this day read, and re-read this book. it is possibly my favorite book i  have ever read.
0679731725|5.0|This is the first book (in two years) that everyone in our book group liked -- and some loved -- two wept at the end.  And it is excellent for a discussion.  We had a really good one. All that repression....it might also  be fun to link a book group discussion with viewing of the video, as some  of us had seen it and some of us hadn't. We kept bringing the movie into  the discussion, too (because the housekeeper's role felt more prominent in  the movie). -- Pat McNees
6304286961|5.0|The Doors, i found it to be a cool movie! VAL KILMER should have won an oscar playing the role of the legendary Jim Morrison. I am not really a Val Kilmer fan, but when i saw The Doors, man he did a great job. Not only does  Val look like him, but Val had to actually SING all of the doors songs,  which made all of those live concert scene seemed more real! (by the way  Val sounds alot like the Lizard King). so if you loved the REAl Doors band,  then you should see this movie!
0451147960|3.0|I read this book based on Amazon's Book Matcher recomendations.  It was ok, and I read it fairly quickly (less than a week), but it is definitely not as good as his more recent works.  I wouldn't go searching for a copy  of this book (borrow it from the library, if you feel that you must read  it).
B00000GRL0|5.0|Any man who punches so fast that the crew has to change to a higher speed film deserves everyones respect.  The looks at Taoism are a welcome gate into the more introverted side of the martial arts, and I am so glad that  they reintigrated the cut scene on Bruce's fighting philosophy.  A must  see.
0385493800|2.0|I am a Grisham fan and I was dissappointed with the predictable plot and the lack of depth in the characters described. A good basic story line, but  I was expecting  more.
0345423496|2.0|Generally pretty lame, although the idea it takes off from is kind of fun--the recovery and resuscitation of astronaut Frank Poole, whose body had been flash-frozen one thousand years before. -----      For me the book  was particularly marred by one of the silliest popular misconceptions  current, namely that religion is responsible for most of the world's  suffering. The two great causes of persecution in this century have been  atheism (particularly under the former Soviet Union and its vassal states)  and racism (under the Thousand Year Reich, during its decade or so under  the sun). Also ripe for blame are political ideology and territorial  ambition. Clearly, something else is happening--call it man's inhumanity to  man. It doesn't seem reasonable to blame religion for a common human  failing. -----      Arthur C. Clarke is a fine thinker when he sticks to  his area of expertise. His book on the terraforming of Mars is wonderful.  This one is a duck.
0790731983|5.0|Hey you!  Well I bet that you have heard of CABARET with Liza Minelli well guess what its AWESOME, SPECTACULAR, INCREDIBLE, AMAZING, STUNNING!!!  So give it a chance hey it was nominated for an amazing 10 (YES, THAT'S TEN)  ACADEMY AWARDS and WON 8 (YES, THAT'S EIGHT.  God I love Bob Fosse (he is  awesome and amazing) and hey guess what this movie has it all!!!  God Liza  I love ya!!  Cabaret is spectacular but the one that I loved the most was  Mein Heier (Is that the way it's spelled??).  God when I saw this movie I  almost cried so come on see it, buy it, rent it!!!
B000006GDB|5.0|This is the film that introduced me to Dario Argento.  I can still remember when _Suspiria_ actually came to the local theater and my sister, of all people, went to see it.  At the time, I couldn't stand horror  movies--they gave me nightmares, etc., etc.<br />When I bought my first VCR,  way back in the early 80s, I received 10 or 15 free video rentals and  _Inferno_ was one that I picked up.  I was older then and ready to connect  with Argento's surreal, dreamlike approach to horror.<br />If you're looking  for story, this probably isn't the place--the narrative here makes almost  no sense.  But the images and the camera angles are amazing, with the  underwater scene a true highlight!  This sequence has a real dream  (nightmare) logic to it, even though the more discerning fan might scratch  his or her head at it all.  I won't say more--you really should see this,  spoiler-free.  This film is a must-have for fans of Italian horror or  director Argento.
0767802659|3.0|The first time I saw this movie,I hated it. I thought everything in the movie was dumb. Then I saw it once more and like it but didn't think it was great. Then just the other day I saw the movie again and saw the light.  Even though the acting is still some of the worst Ive ever seen. The action  seens and special effects are some of the best that Ive ever seen. The DVD  is great with some cool features.
0920236251|5.0|This book is a favorite with my two daughters!!  They've even suggested that we purchase a copy for friends and the classroom as a gift!
0783229887|5.0|BRIDE OF CHUCKY is a scary, funny and down right entertaining movie that has a cool soundtrack. It's the best in the Chucky series. A got to see movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I give it an A+
0679409866|5.0|I have to agree with the other reviewers of Jane Austen's Persuasion: this has to be one of her best works.  The poignancy of the emotions throughout the novel were so present, so real.  The writing drew me into the story,  and I could hardly put the book down.  Was the language too flowery?  Not  at all.  It was beautiful.  And I was quite sorry to see the words  &quot;The End.&quot;<br />There is something to be said about a book that  captures the imagination and piques the curiosity.  This book is one of  them.
0871137380|4.0|Bowden cpatures the essence of the battle from both sides. The full range of emotions are effectively described. Bowden also illustrates tthe flip-flop of our foriegn policy and the futlity of committing troops to a  no-win situation. Enlightening, Enjoyable reading
0374172897|5.0|Although I side completely with those other flying five-star reviews, I could not help but notice what extremes the we go to in our opinion of this novel.  The worst, the best, and almost nothing in between.  It is on that  observation alone that I argue how original the novel is.  No one liked it  - they either hated or loved it.  By the way, I loved it.  But importantly,  I, like the rest of you, felt something.
0553278398|5.0|This is the first book by Asimov i have read, and I was not disappointed.  This book was completely enthralling, and I coundn't put it down!  The ending was wonderful- it had me guessing until the last moment.  I can't  wait to read the other Foundation novels!
B00000IFWE|2.0|This cd extends the music that was on so many of the previous efforts that I wish were longer. If you like Tom Petty's other cds you'll love this one! If you've never heard him before, try listening to Full Moon Fever and  Wildflowers first. I've got tickets to see TP at the Gorge Amphitheatre on  September 4th and it's going to be great!
0790729709|5.0|Want to review and see if I can buy i
0684867621|5.0|Only Stephen King can write an entire novel about  a little girl being lost in the woods and make the story and the character so interesting that you can't put the book down.  Definately a great book.
B0000069KS|5.0|This one was more complex than &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;, but I wouldn't call it better or worse --- just different!  Obviously, their budget was a lot bigger, as the number of different and exotic locales  shows this!  But one thing BOTH movies shared is the GREAT Beatles'  soundtracks!  They had the BEST music!
0385493800|4.0|The Testament is a great book to read if one can uncover the meaning behind the text. For the people who cant or do not want to, i would not reccommend it.
6301095294|2.0|The ONLY good thing about &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; is the music!  The Beatles were incapable of producing a poor soundtrack.  But this mini-movie was horrible, even if you're one of those who loves the Fab  Four!  Terrible plot, no acting.  The best part: &quot;I am the  Walrus&quot;, the first-ever music video in the classic mode.
0399143793|1.0|Child has great potential as an action writer but lack of proper research and too many coincidences destroy one's abiltiy go along with the story. Example: Most FBI agents have not carried .38 revolvers with speed loaders  in many years. Child needs to either educate himself as to all his facts or  have someone who knows law enforcement and military facts edit his work for  accuracy. &quot;Die Trying&quot; also had a very weak plot even though well  written.  He could be a great writer. I will not purchase another of his  books until I see strong evidence of improvement.
0440224764|5.0|It's not his best, but one of them. The story is very well written and very intelligent. I recomend it after the &quot;The Firm&quot;.
B000003S5H|5.0|Anyone that has developed with music or plans to  to develop with music probably already owns this album.  If you don't and you plan on sitting down to take the time to understand why this album could be one of the most important albums of the decade. . .well then I must ask you one thing. . .  and that would be &quot;Why do you listen to music?&quot;  Yes, I know it  is a question that could be answered from many angles, but if you truly  think about why one listens to music it would be AIR.  Yes that is right,  Air has taken all things that another might see or hear as simple notes and  made them into a pure masterpiece - reexpressing what ever person strives  for and that would simply be &quot;Innocence&quot;.  Air - a world that  wants to give and gives to one another repeatedly. AIR - gives every  listener another go at life through the recipient's terms and this world  they have created for you  &quot;the listener&quot;. . . allows you to back  for more and more each time you listen.  For those who don't hear it the  first time around, listen again. . .because not many gifts come this easy.
B00000F1D3|3.0|It's amazing how diverse the previous reviews are - everything from &quot;worst I've ever listened to&quot; to &quot;best album in the world, ever&quot;. I would opt for a compromise.<br />I originally bought the album  because I liked &quot;Strong Enough&quot; (and because it was on offer),  liked it a lot on first hearing it but feel a bit more mellow about it now.  As one reviewer said, it's great for singing in the shower, and it's fun  for the feet, but, well, Cher HAS done better. The album does sound  suspiciously like fishing for a larger market share among a younger age  group (who, unfortunately, do not seem to appreciate the attempt - witness  comments along the lines of &quot;She's sooooo old... this is for old-age  pensioners who want to feel like they're with it&quot;  etc.).<br />&quot;Street cred&quot; aside, there is of course the bonus of  Cher's unusual, deep-toned voice (another issue everybody seems to be  disagreeing on) which I infinitely prefer to the ear-splitting wailing of  the Whitneys, Mariahs and Celines of this world (sorry Titanic fans) -  that's why I rather regret it being so goofily distorted in the otherwise  very infectious &quot;Believe&quot;. I find &quot;Taxi Taxi&quot; somewhat  annoying, and the silly cover of &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; is by far  the most unnecessary track on the album; still, there's &quot;Strong  Enough&quot;, &quot;Runaway&quot; which especially appealed to me, and the  exquisitely kitschy &quot;Dov' l'amore&quot;.
B000001E8P|5.0|This album is a must if you like music.  The words are irrestible, you just must sing along. I SPY &amp; COMMON PEOPLE are a must.<br />Does anyone know if they are coming to Florida any time soon? please email me.
B000002U82|2.0|Sorry folks.  This album is not that good.  I know its been on the music charts for years... I know its constantly being played on the radio... I just fail to get it.<br />      &quot;Money&quot; and &quot;Time&quot; seem to  be the only tunes to my liking - the others just seem to be drug-induced,   slow,  and  depressing.  After owning this album back in the late 70s,  I  never once thought about getting it on CD.  <br />     Just to let you all  know,  my favorite Pink Floyd album is 'ANIMALS'.  That one you can't miss  with.
B00000I8BX|5.0|This is a must for any hardcore metal listener in the universe. I just saw them perform live and they are one of the best bands around today. &quot;Shock&quot; pummels the ears and the addition of five bonus tracks makes this a must buy even if you have the original 10 track album. Metal  never sounded this great before.
B000002C1Z|5.0|If I had to come up with one word to discribe Pink Floyd's ANNIMALS,    it would be 'haunting'. Play it at night and you'll see what I mean.            'Dogs' takes up about 18 minutes of strange,  thought-provoking lyrics,   screaching blues-guitar solos,  and a 4 minute organ / sound effects piece  towards the end of the song.  It might be a bit depressing,  but the music  is creepy.<br />     'Pigs' is a tune that runs 11 minutes long and it's a bit  more up-beat and light-hearted than its predicessor.  Check out the guitar  solo by David at the end.  It's his finest work,   even out-doing his solo  in 'Comfortably Numb'.<br />      The end of the 'Animal' trip is 'SHEEP' -  the best cut off the album.  This is where Rog and the boys start to kick  out the jams, while in the middle of the song, there is a strange,   haunting recital from a well-known verse of a psalm.<br />     Again - listen  to this one at night.  It will stand up to repeated listenings and won't  leave you for a couple of days.
B000002BVN|5.0|I have not been too much of an M.J. fan but this  album is one to go and buy. I got History, it is the greatest CD. of  M.J.  B.O.T.D.F. is  the best party CD. I have heard in while.  He  is  the  KING  OF   POP!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
B000003S09|5.0|There are a few significant, transforming experiences in each person's life metaphorically described as passing through a door through which there is no return. On your first listening to this album, you will pass through  one such door. Listening to music will never be the same again.
B000000OXH|5.0|&quot;Alpha&quot; is an indelibly vivacious Prog Rock powerhouse from Asia.  This CD, along with their debut &quot;Asia&quot; (1982), &quot;Astra&quot; (1986), and &quot;Then and Now&quot; (1990), has the  ability to uplift you from Life's most bleakest misfortunes!  Why shouldn't  it?!  Asia combines John Wetton along with Prog Rock overlords Carl Palmer  (ELP), Steve Howe (Yes), and Geoff Downes; that says it all!  The guitar  work and the keyboards are a work of art, and Wetton's vocals burst with  inspirational energy in each song.<br />Every track on &quot;Alpha&quot; is  musical medicine for the broken soul.  The very best tunes include  &quot;Don't Cry&quot;, &quot;The Smile Has Left Your Eyes&quot;, &quot;Eye  to Eye&quot;, &quot;Midnight Sun&quot;, and &quot;Open Your Eyes&quot;.   However, I'm most madly in love with &quot;My Own Time (I'll Do What I  Want)&quot;.  This is one of the most positively healing rock tunes ever  written!  It seeks to tell you that you are worth something in this  sometimes chaotic world, even if you do the right thing in your own way in  lieu of much pain, opposition, or doubt because you know that good things  will eventually come, even if you face it on your own. I don't think I  would have ever gotten over breaking up with my First Love if it weren't  for this song!  God bless you, Asia!
B000002L7J|4.0|This was the Smiths' 2nd album, and a very good one at that. I would still recommend &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; or &quot;The Smiths&quot; (debut) before this, but it's still a worthy one to add to one's collection.   &quot;Meat Is Murder&quot; shows Johnny Marr's maturity and mastery as one  of the 80's best guitarists. &quot;I Want The One I Can't Have&quot; and  &quot;Headmaster Ritual&quot;  absolutely rock. Flat-out stunners. And  &quot;Well I Wonder&quot; and &quot;That Joke Isn't Funny Anymore&quot;  show the Smiths at their more contemplative brooding mood. I think I'll go  listen to it right about now!
0061003697|5.0|This to me is the greatest book I have ever read. The famous Hercule Poirot making you think your hardest. you will want to read it again and solve it with the master detective.
0767802772|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie alot and the music is great, but why isn't there a soundtrack? - Anyone with an answer or at least a list of the songs? Thanks!
B000002MUQ|5.0|Balance...... by far is the BEST release Sammy has done with Van halen. His voice is powerful and his lyrics are meaningful. Eddie's guitar work is sensational. His solo's kick ass!! The whole band spent quality time in the  studio to put this masterpiece together. From rip-roaring cuts like  Aftershock,Don't tell me what love can do,Amsterdam, and feelin to classy  ballads like Not enough and Take me back is without a doubt the BEST Van  Halen release I've heard since the release of 1984. It's a shame it could  be their last!! Van Halen 3 was TERRIBLE!! Eddie dump Gary he sucks. Van  Halen needs a new singer. How about Axl Rose?? Eddie give Axl a call and  get him out of hiding!! Now that's what I would love to see. Axl's superior  voice with Eddie's guitar along with Alex and Mike would make the rock band  of all time!!!!!Meteor-Man@webtv.net
0679720200|5.0|At first this was just one of those books assigned to read during tenth grade English.  The sheer immediacy of the tale changed that.  This book is philosophical to the hilt, questioning the general concept of reality  itself.  The reader begins to mistrust everything, especially government  rule and its version of justice.  A true revolutionary novel and one of the  best written, ever, hands down.
0800177177|5.0|I loved this movie. It has the most sumptous costumes and set design that I've ever seen. Gary Oldman was a perfect mix of evil and heartbreak. <br />The ending was a bit of an anti-climax though. They make a big deal  about how they're going after Dracula etc etc but their actual  confrontation of him only lasts a minute or so. That's a bit of a let-down  but other than that the movie is a visual feast.
6302799066|5.0|There is truth in this farce.  Dark, terrible truth.  The distillation of government competency is howlingly funny (and unfortunately seemingly real).  If there was one film that ever went for the jugular it was this  one.  Non-conformist to traditional film ideals this deals with the  scariest possibility that those entrusted with power know absolutely  nothing about how to use it.  Except to misuse it.  Ignorance in the  highest reaches of  government is sugar coated as satirical humor.  Afterward, in reflection, the audience understands there's nothing funny  about it.
0345363132|5.0|They've filmed just about everything else so why not the Wars of the Roses? Maybe it would be more suited to a mini-series than a movie but if they could make Braveheart and Titanic why not this? I mean they've done  the Shakespearean version but it's never accurate. For a start the actors  are usually too old and practically everyone in this book was dead before  they were 40. I'd like to see a movie of this that is really spot-on  accurate regarding age, costumes, events etc.<br />Only who could they  possibly get to play Richard III? I can't think of any young actor who  could do it - they're pretty big shoes to fill. Anyone have any idea who  could portray him or any of the other characters?
B000002JEV|5.0|If your a fan of Blues or Heavy Metal or just a Zeppelin fan, you must have this CD. It's a look into a live,gritty,powerful performance by God's favorite Rock band. Despite the live quality of the music, the recording is  still resonant and deep. Listening to this CD will spoil you on other so  called &quot;Rock&quot; bands. Zeppelin is in their Bluesy best here and  listening to Page and Plant's improvosations on the now-familier songs  takes you back to a time when Led Zeppelin strutted the earth as the Rock  Gods they were.
1558801871|5.0|Classic Spike Lee filmmaking with a good sountrack. The movie is great if you are either a jazz lover or a Densel Washington fan.
0517122707|5.0|I have just finished reading this book for the second time (back-to-back), and found it even funnier the second time around! I LOVED EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER portrayed in the book, and I only wish Mr. Toole had lived long  enough to have written a sequel. Can you just imagine the trouble poor  Ignatius would have gotten into while trying to adjust to life in NEW  YORK?! BOY! HIS POOR VALVE WOULD HAVE CLOSED UP ON HIM PERMANENTLY! A movie  version of this book, with the late John Candy in the starring role as  Ignatius would have been GREAT!  I recommend this book highly!
630534731X|5.0|Forget the wooden characters, the ham-handed dialog, and the rather lame storyline. The SFX in the Black Hole come as close to an artistic vision as anything ever to come out of Hollywood.<br />Keep in mind that this was the  last hurrah for the same art and effects director who did the gloriously  stylish and imaginative settings for Mary Poppins, Peter Pan, and Sleeping  Beauty (I think...)<br />Some of the bonuses... * Vincent Borgnine goes way  out of usual character... * The malevolent droid is really quite scary... *  Who cares about what happens to the good guys in the Black Hole! The kicker  is what happens to the Madman and his cyber-goon. (An eternity truly worthy  of Dante...)<br />What's more...even the eerie, haunting, and chilling imagery  depicting the final fates of all concerned are acceptable for older kids.  <br />It's hokum all the way through...but it's plied with true visual art.  The musical score fires it all along.
6304765789|5.0|David Fincher to put it simply is the MAN!!!  He amazed me with SEVEN and did it agian with this movie.  I loved seven so I went to see The Game in the theaters and was blown away.  Fincher is my favorite director he makes  ORIGINAL movies with great twists and turns.  You have to see both SEVEN  &amp; THE GAME as soon as you can!!
0684867621|5.0|What a wonderful captivating book about how a little girl manages to overcome the very real dangers of being lost in the woods.  I feel King did an excellent job in using the girls love of Gordon to help keep her focus  on the one thing that would get her out alive.......&quot;going for the  save.&quot; It was not the usual &quot;gore&quot; King is known for but the  issues of reality dealt with here actually seemed more scary than the  fantasized ones that we would most likely never encounter. If you go  hiking, remeber to stay on the path.....it really could happen to you.
6304994540|5.0|The is one of the funiest movies of all time.  It was made by the same guys that did Fargo and I loved that movie.  So I went to see this in the theaters and didn't expect too much.  Boy was I wrong I went to see it 3  times and got the tape as soon as it came out.  If you havn't seen this yet  see it now!!!!
6305311463|4.0|Why can't some people take certain movies for face value?  Let's face it, not everything needs to be Citizen Kane or 2001.  Armegeddon is a fast food movie that delivers the goods to the core audience it was intended for.  It  was one of the few movies in the last year where I could justify spending  $8 bucks for.  If you want something with a little of action, romance and  emotion and are able to take it with a grain of salt, this is the perfect  flick.
6301942647|5.0|This is one of the most stunning, hypnotic films ever made. His themes of Life, Death, and Rebirth are great mythic creations of the 20th century, already classical wonders. Each time I see this film I am stunned by its  beauty, transported to the &quot;dream&quot; state of Mr. Kurosawa. This  film begs for DVD format as the music and special effects are hypnotic and  profound and would be that much more entrancing. Any word on the likelihood  of its release on DVD?
6303481272|5.0|Ninja Scroll was the first anime I ever saw. It's my favorite movie. The only thing that's better then it is Dragon Ball Z. Project A-Ko is right after Ninja Scroll. This movie is about Jubie Kubagomi, and how he must  defeet the shogon of the dark. But befor he can do that Gema, an old  achnemasis, take's over Jubie's killed him once only to find he can't be  killed so how can he beat him.
0451167716|5.0|this is the greatest piece of writing ever. Puzo is a genius, if you liked the movie, you must read the book. The book goes into more detail than the movie, gives more insight, and explains some things the movie doesn't.  You  will not want to put this masterpiece down
0684867621|4.0|I have read a few Stephen King books, but admit I only read the ones I feel have potential to reflect Shawshank and Stand By Me qualities.  Most don't but this one does.  King presents a wonderful story of how baseball  and God often drag the outcome to the last pitch of the last inning.  As a  youth pastor two things ring true, God often makes us wait until next year  and then answers in the bottom of the ninth, and we don't always like the  final score.
0140186395|5.0|East of Eden is one of my favorite books. Shaped by Steinbeck's own life, the story is intricate and absorbing. The characters are indellible and the imagery has stayed with me for many years. I would definitely recommend  this book for anyone who has the time to read it.
0060977264|1.0|I am now proud to be a brazilian.  Paulo Coelho has proven that we can export the same trash the first world has dumped on us for the past century. Go ahead:  BUY AS MANY COPIES OF THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE AS YOU CAN!   And call it literature, if you may.
0788811355|4.0|Despite its length it's a great achievement for the independent film market. Very few films can echo the splendor we first encountered in &quot;Casablanca&quot;, &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; and &quot;Doctor  Zhivago&quot;. Great photography and a haunting score make this one of the  better epic films of the 90's. Plot may remind some of the films mentioned  here.
6305426651|5.0|This is definatly THE movie to see, and re-see. It is trully magical, making you cry and laugh. Wonderful. Fantastic. Well deserved of the Best Foreign Film Oscar. Go.... Roberto!!!
6302763835|5.0|Definitely one of the better sci-fi films of the 50's, with awesome effects that may look dated yet still look menacingly real, especially those long distant shots of the spider stalking its brutal way across the  desert. Yep, that's Clint Eastwood. You should recognize his voice. This is  perfect for a Saturday afternoon with friends if you love horror flicks  from the 50's.
B000006OAM|5.0|Natalie's wonderful voice is showcased in this incredible work of musical art. The CD is well balanced with soft mistical songs as well as upbeat postive ones.  There is not a bad song on the C.D.. I would recommend to  anybody. Two listens and most will be hooked. Well worth the money!!!!
0767809246|5.0|Stand By Me is my absolute favorite movie... no other comes close.  My husband and I had our first dance at our wedding to the song Stand By Me.  The movie and the song say so much about love and friendship.  It's hard to  believe that those boys were only children when they gave their  performances.  The leeches, the train scene, the campfire scene all were  true gems of comedy!  I rarely like to watch movies more than once, but I  would gladly see Stand By Me over any new release!
B000000OU6|5.0|SLASH MAKES THIS ALBUM.  HE MAKES GUNS &amp; ROSES.  HE IS JUST CRAZY
6305311463|5.0|Why do I give this movie 5 stars you may be thinking?  Well, I personally believe that this film deserves 4 stars but others have given it one star which I definitely feel this film does not deserve bringing its average  down to 3.5 (half a mark below what I want it to be).  Sure this movie  lacked some acting (Liv Tyler for ex.).  They could have picked any actress  over her, but then they may have not gotten the awesome soundtrack from  Aerosmith.  What matters to me when watching a movie is that I enjoy it.   This must be one of the most exciting films I have ever seen.  Deep Impact  leaned more towards the characters than effects but seemed a bit long  overall.  This 151 minute film seems to go by in less than 2 hours which is  a very good thing.  The ending kinda touched me to (which surprised me).  I  DO NOT KNOW WHY!  Overall, I feel this film had lots of class and is the  best DVD out there due to the 2 DVD set.  It's amazing to have over 5 hours  of features (over 7 1/2 hours with the movie).  Since it just came in  yesterday I obviously have not seen everything yet, but I am very pleased  with what I have seen so far.  Oh yeah, I think you will be surprised how  many trailers there are!  With the teaser there must be like 30 on there!!!   It shocked me!  Shows how much time and money they spent on advertising.   I agree with some critics whom say this movie is like a roller coaster  ride.  I suggest that you either buy the Criterion Collection or go to a  friend's house and watch it for yourself.  The quality is amazing!  (not as  good as A Bug's Life but the second best I have seen so far on DVD) One  more thing, see The Rock!!!  Bad Boys, another film by the duo (and Don  Simpson) is worth seeing too.  Actually, see all the movies produced by Don  Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer!  They are all wonderful!
0140067477|2.0|I would have been more interested in a high-schooler's ten-page thesis on the subject.
6302968100|5.0|That is a line in the movie by Arquette that can sum up this film.  It is a roller coaster of a ride, but with calming undercurrents.  Cool.<br />Banter between Michael Rappaport and Brad Pitt is hilarious.  &quot;...cleaning  products!&quot;  &quot;Don't condescend me man.  I'll fXXXin kill  ya!&quot;<br />So many great scenes.  You HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!
6304078145|5.0|Probably the best and funniest movies I have ever seen. Don't listen to the critics.
B00000I8UD|4.0|I think that David Sylvian is probably one of the finest &quot;non commercial&quot; musicians of our times. From the meditative &quot;Secrets from the Beehive&quot; to the extraordinary  and strong &quot;Gone to  earth&quot; and his innovative works with R. Sakamoto and Robert Fripp, he  has gave us a real gift of sensitite and unique music. Surely &quot;Dead  bees on a cake&quot; is not one of his best, but it doesn't matter  (although the track &quot;I surrender&quot; worth to buy it). Sylvian  deserves this kind of liberty. He's still an exception in our world, full  of &quot;money oriented&quot; musicians. Thanks David
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher one of the most popular women singers of all time.On the Sonny&amp;Cher show she left Sonny and made several hits  by her self but not as good as Believe,I think.I'm looking forward to seeing Chers new  movie Tea with Mussolini.
0684867621|5.0|Looks like a classic King read--modified style, in the tradition of Cujo and Misery, while knowing the heyday is past.  King's books, like the man himself, are more psychologically developed than those earlier, strictly  horror genre novels (with the &quot;common touch&quot;) like The Shining  and 'Salem's Lot. Where does ...Tom Gordon fit in?  I'll let you know in a  later review.  It would be more encouraging to read reviews written by  readers literate in the English language.
6304510861|5.0|this movie is fantastic. its bitter confusion and utter madness secure its role as an amazing theatrical accomplishment. the people giving this movie negative reviews cannot deny that they were fastened to their seats for its  duration trying desperatly to make sense of its terrifying and intriguing  nature. This movie sucks you in, envelops you beckons you to search your  own depths for answers. because the plot was not pretty, clear and obvious  makes this movie great. its what modern cinama needs. hollywood has been  putting out some pretty crappy movies latly lynch should be praised for  giving movie lovers a breath of fresh air. the lost highway explicitly  defies the beaten path of mainstream cinema. i for one cannot wait for  another lynch title.
B000006YYW|4.0|This CD is a must for all Robin Gibb fans, however, it's not his best work.  Some of the songs were a bit out of his range.  Still, his voice is beautiful and charming as always.  A few fun up-beat songs and some jewels  such as &quot;Juliet&quot;, and &quot;Another Lonely Night in NY&quot; make  it worth while.  *Also liked &quot;In and Out Of Love&quot; really well.
B00000I8UD|4.0|I think that David Sylvian is probably one of the finest &quot;non commercial&quot; music of our times. From the meditative &quot;Secrets from the Beehive&quot; to the extraordinary  and strong &quot;Gone to  earth&quot; and his innovative works with R. Sakamoto and Robert Fripp, he  has gave us a real gift of sensitite and unique music. Surely &quot;Dead  bees on a cake&quot; is not one of his best, but it doesn't matter  (although the track &quot;I surrender&quot; worth to buy it). Sylvian  deserves this kind of liberty. He's still an exception in our world, full  of &quot;money oriented&quot; musicians. Thanks David
B00000DFTH|4.0|Reunion: a careful regurgitation of Sabbath's more popular titles Iron Man, Paranaoid...yada yada yada. Need to spend some more time in the studio..the 2 new trax are none the less AWESOME!! Iommi is still the  undisputed master of heavy metal!
B000002KIK|3.0|Never Say Die &amp; Junior's Eyes are worth the price of admission alone.  I wish the DIO years or the current Ozzy reunion would pick these 2 songs back up.  I always liked the melodic, less dark Sabbath songs &amp; these  are 2 of the best.  Rest of the album isn't all that bad.
B000001EYW|5.0|I once heard a comment in reply to Still Waters being over produced: &quot;They can only be accused of being too good.&quot;  Though I feel that &quot;Obsessions&quot; should have been a single instead of the title  track, it was an excellent display of their craft.  &quot;I Will&quot; is  exquisite as is &quot;My Lover's Prayer&quot; and &quot;Closer Than  Close!&quot;  Excellent, wonderful work!
0385472951|5.0|This is probably the best book that I have ever read.  Once I started it I couldn't put it down.  I'm not a big reader, but if all books were this good, I think that that would have to change.
1558216847|5.0|While going thru my divorce after 22 years, I found myself at the bookstore searching for a book on &quot;new&quot; relationships. The Long Walk was misplaced, obviously. I was in the intimate section of  relationships. I felt an omen and thought I should read this book instead.  Wow. It is forever imprinted in my heart; I share it with everyone I know  experiencing tough times. My divorce was an absolute breeze even though it  took 12 months. I am buying this book again for a friend.
B00000FCBC|3.0|I already had most of this music, from earlier garage releases or from the actual artists (no Seger though, heh).  Too many people refuse to recognize or just plain don't understand how this band has fallen.  I'm certain their  live show rocks still, but what do you expect on the albums when they use  Bon Jovi's producer?  The hair bit doesn't matter either way, I'm mostly  worried about the suck music they've been writing for about 6 years.  They  didn't write music on this last one guys, it's a cover/b side album, so  it's ok (except I've heard most of it).  All I can say is that I hope  Maiden's reunion turns out ok, or Manowar or Motorhead come out with  something, because metal is falling apart.
630512065X|5.0|Am I getting old, senile? Why do I alone appear to be the only person (having read all the reviews) that saw Victoria Phillida Crowley Smith as the most incredible, awesome dancer of the entire Cats cast?  This young  lady's physical mastery of ballet style dancing mixed with the choreography  of the show, was absolutely beyond belief, and I've seen Baryshnikov, and  Tall Chief do their thing, and do not believe they even come close to Ms.  Crowley-Smith's performance.  Am I alone out here?  Did anyone see the same  dancer I did, or am I hallucinating?  Hello?  Any Victoria admirers out  there?  OH, and if anyone knows more about her, I'd like to know too.
6305268843|5.0|Sadly, a classic example of what happens when &quot;Hollywood's&quot; corporate middle management indifference and ineptness -  prevails. Nobody hears of it. Nobody sees it. Fortunately, the damn fools have to try to get  their money back. Word of mouth alone should put the video release of this  motion picture on the map for all time. There is not a false note anywhere.  The performances - all of them - are magnificent. The emotional  underpinnings of Christopher Gunning's compositions are breathtaking. In  capturing even the minutest nuance, WILLIAM NICHOLSON has written and  directed a motion picture classic.
078322706X|1.0|My wife is a Brad Pitt fan, and even she hated this movie.  I am truly shocked at the 35 favorable reviews here (only 2 negative).  I must let readers know that critics were right the first time.  This movie must be an  embarassment for Hopkins if not for the other actors.  The plot was full of  holes, Pitt's character was very unlikeable and the movie crawled at a  painful pace.  Hopkins was great as usual, the scenery and photography were  luscious, but this was not nearly enough to make up for the shortcomings of  htis movie.
0767824571|5.0|I can't say anything more than I have seen this several times and I still hurt myself laughing just at the thought of it.
B00000DCWQ|5.0|If someone asked what ONE album best sums up all that is great and wonderful about Tull, I'd point them to the amazing &quot;Songs from the Wood.&quot;  This album is like a musical version of Shakespeare's &quot;A  Midsummer Night's Dream&quot; -- full of fantasy, mischief, and magic.  Its  lush medieval imagery, unforgettable melodies, and vivid portrayal of the  English countryside make for one of the most intoxicating albums I've ever  heard.  Pure enchantment, as another reviewer put it.  Definitive Tull,  &quot;SFTW&quot; is as merry, as joyful and as magical as some of Mozart's  best-loved works.  Even the sound quality of the recording is excellent,  bringing out the beautiful tones and nuances of the acoustic guitar,  mandolin, flute and other instruments, including Ian's incomparable voice.  Dazzling!!!
6301773551|5.0|I have seen the first 'Star Wars' 28 times there is nothing more to say: it is brilliant and has revolutionised the way the whole world looks at movies: yes I agree anything less than 5 stars is sacrilege.
6303921248|5.0|Five stars is so inadequate for a film of such perfection!  I've watched this series more times than I can remember and never tire of it.  It follows the book faithfully, confirming that the as the author, Jane  Austen's own &quot;sense and sensibility&quot; were more than adequate to  carry a film - even in the 90's.  Thank you A&amp;E!  For those who want an  amazingly touching, beautiful film, you've just found THE one to take home  and treasure.
6304362498|4.0|Usually, science fiction novels that are translated into film usually have their themes altered to suit the filmmaker's own vision (e.g.,Lynch's DUNE).  However, I feel this film breaks that sad tradition and actually  moves both the plot points and the themes from page to screen.  The acting  is excellent all around (although I personally feel that Burton's portrayal  of O'Brien, though more than competent, is a strange take on that  character).  This is well worth seeing.
B00000IBVC|5.0|This DVD of Turandot is one of the most well done releases I have had the pleasure of seeing.<br />It puts your DVD player through its paces, and you get quite a lot for your money, I have only  one problem with this  production the Two pricipals Calaf and  Turandot both sing quite well, but  they do not seem to be able to act well enough to really get into their  respective characters. The rest of the cast perform quite well and the  production itself puts many another to shame.  As I said before this  release is an excellent example of how to do a DVD release, many other  companies could take lessons from BMG et al on this.
B000003TAW|5.0|In 1994, all my friends bought 2 albums: Dookie by Green Day, and Weezer's eponymous debut.  I bought Dookie at their urging, but was disappointed sorely by a mediocre album with songs that all sounded alike.  I decided to  stay away from Weezer, since they steered me wrong on the Green Day album.   However, I caved in when I heard that Weezer sang songs about sweaters,  garages and Buddy Holly.  Hey, I thought, how bad can an album that quirky  be?<br />Boy, am I glad I bought it.  From the opening chords on My Name is  Jonas, I was hooked.  When I heard the first riffs on No One Else, I knew  I'd found my all-time favorite sing-along song.  What everyone else has  said about this album is true: Every single song is excellent.  The lyrics  are quirky and self-deprecating (they're geekier than geeky and proud of  it!), and the tunes are almost outrageously infectious.  I've seen the boys  play live; they sound even better than on the CD.  Best of all, 5 years  later, the songs still remain relevant and as fresh, which is something I  can't say about many of the bands I picked up during the mid-90s, like the  Meat Puppets and Stone Temple Pilots.<br />Weezer rules!!!
6305265488|2.0|Why does everyone put four or five stars for this movie??? Barrymore is completly miss casting as Cinderella. She is not a image of Cinderella at all to me. Only Anjelica Houston is correct at casting as the step mother.  I enjoyed the &quot;Disney Cinderella&quot; more than this. I shouldn't of  bought this video and I wish my money will come back!!!
0316920045|5.0|I'm stunned by the number of readers who found this book cold or lacking in an ending.  For one, I adore the characters.  For another thing - the first chapter clearly takes place six months AFTER the 'end' of the novel.   I've had many wonderful conversations with other readers as we try to piece  together those missing months.  We've had some success, and the discussions  themselves have been very enlightening.  To me, this is what great novels  are all about; thought provoking and worthy of further readings.      Wallace has constructed an utterly unique world of the near future.  His  concerns are political, spiritual, cultural, and -to me, at least - deeply  personal.  If the style seems a bit off-putting it is because it is unique;  all the comparisons to Ulysses are very accurate.  And like Ulysses, the  novel beomes more accessible, touching, and funny as you grow accustomed to  it.       One reader's tip:  Pay attention to those footnotes!  Seemingly  irrelevant or merely satirical details become more and more important to  the plot.
6305342741|1.0|I guess I'm spoiled.  I've never thought this film had much merit except the beautiful visuals.  Otherwise, sleep through it.  The acting is cheesy because they had a cheesy script and no actor can improve atrocious  writing.  Forbidden planet didn't have many decent effects, but at least  they had a decent story and some first line actors.  Max Schell actually  looks embarassed in places, look carefully.
B00000IIXH|5.0|Considering this is a colection of out-takes and b-sides from singles, the quality is remarkable. An excellent introduction to Bruce, perhaps better than the soporific &quot;greatest&quot; hits disc of a few years ago.<br />My  only doubt surrounds having to pay for three new tracks not on the full box  set &quot;Tracks&quot;. This will surely annoy many true fans, but the  three additional songs are all excellent (in my opinion among his best  EVER) and well worth having. In addition, most people buying this  collection will not have bought &quot;Tracks&quot;.<br />Excellent. Now all we  need is Tracks 2 - there is surely enough quality to sustain such a  release!
0440219078|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  It gave me a view I had never seen before, that maybe perfection wouldn't be so great.  I realize now that differences are wonderful.  At first I thought I would hate it, but then I read it for  school and loved it.  Thank you Lois Lowry!
B0000025T6|5.0|Springsteen's masterpiece and the best album of the '80's (with maybe The Smiths debut close by). Tough listening and harrowing subject material hide a more varied album than people often think. In retrospect, with the  original version of Born in the USA, among others, available on Tracks this  album resulted in Bruce's most devestating and heartfelt essay Bruce has  delivered in his career. Could it all have been downhill from such a  colossal work?<br />A masterpiece - the work of a genius at his peak.
B00000BKDY|1.0|The best thing about this album is the artwork on the cover.  I remember way back in high school, I couldn't wait for this album to come out.  I had been reared on Number of the Beast, Piece of Mind, and Powerslave, and I  thought this album would have to be awesome.  Instead, I got this  synthesizer laden recording with only the faintest hints of the Maiden I  had come to know and love.  <br />The lyrics are hackneyed at best (witness  the clumsy &quot;Heaven Can Wait&quot; and the tortuous &quot;Alexander the  Great&quot;)  All the songs here are smothered in synthesizer, which just  doesn't fit Maiden's metal style.  It's like they found a new toy and  didn't know when to stop using it.<br />To this day, I don't understand why  there are no Dickinson songs included here.  He started using his  song-writing skills on Piece of Mind, but he penned nothing here.  Perhaps  he heard the direction the band was going and decided not to waste his  talents.
B000002B30|3.0|What a waste - probably the shallowest and poorest  summary of a wonderful rock career. This should have been a two disc set AT LEAST.<br />All the songs are of course excellent but I feel cheated that this is pretending to be  the &quot;best of/greatest hits of......&quot; Bruce. <br />Nothing from his  first two albums - no Rosalita, Blinded by the Light, Spirit in the Night,  Incident on 57th Street, etc., etc. But even worse is the omission of some  true classics - mostly &quot;album tracks&quot; like Point Blank, Stolen  Car, Reason to Believe, Johnny 99, Jungleland - the list goes on.<br />The new  tracks, particularly This Hard Land (much desired since his '93 tour) are  excellent and greately appreciated but it is now difficult, in the light of  Tracks and 18 Tracks, to see their inclusion on this release as little more  than a cynical marketing ploy.<br />Sadly, the Bruce album I play the  least.<br />Worth buying for those new to Bruce, but will disappoint others.
B000002KHH|5.0|This is the penultimate Sabbath album.  These are the songs that made the band famous.  If you think songs like &quot;Iron Man&quot; and &quot;War Pigs&quot; are a bit overplayed, there are a few other gems here too.   &quot;Hand of Doom&quot; is a track which shows Sabbath's heavy blues  influence, while &quot;Electric Funeral&quot; is an oft forgotten  classic.<br />The instumentation here is excellent.  I love Bill Ward's  shuffling, understated style of drumming.  It is a very welcome change from  the heavy, elaborate style which dominated today in bands such as Metallica  and Korn.  Ozzy's vocals really shine throughout.  Who would have thought  an English guy could sing blues like this?<br />If you want classic rock, this  album is a must-have.
0792151720|1.0|waited to see this for free on an HBO promo weekend because i refused to spend the money on it. now i know why. decaprio was far better in gilbert grape. i was told people wept in droves but (and i do cry at movies) it  didn't do a thing for me. the language and mannerisms were so out of synch  with the period of the movie that it was very disconcerting to watch. plot  was very contrived and derivative. not worth the money, the  time or the  oscars (l.a.confidential and good will hunting, among others, were much  better movies overall). 20 years from now will anyone watch this? i doubt  it. this was as moving as &quot;love story&quot; which also was  tremendously overhyped and as deep(NOT).
B000002KET|5.0|This is the last great album the original Sabbath line-up produced. There isn't a single song on this CD that I don't like. The only complaint here is the tinny quality of the vocal tracks, which is quickly overcome by the  quality of the music.<br />This album is a departure from the first four which  shows a tremendous amount of growth. From the title track to &quot;Killing  Yourself to Live&quot; and &quot;Spiral Architect,&quot; the melodies and  song structures are superb.  Lyrically, Sabbath leaves you haunted as  always while exploring new subject matter ranging from science to religion  and obsession.  These songs will stick in your head and keep you coming  back for more. This album is a classic ranking right up there with Paranoid  and Master of Reality. To put it simply, this album rocks!
6304539258|5.0|I know it may have some flaws (like Mark Hamill's wooden acting in the first few scenes) but Star Wars: A New Hope isn't just a movie, it's an event.  Seeing it makes you feel good about your fellow man.  It makes you  believe in the good guys again.  And in a world full of negative imagery, I  like the escape that Star Wars has to offer.  I'd rather tolerate a few  minutes of mediocre acting than a whole movie of despair.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Although her new album is not out yet, but most of songs inside this album are live performances of her past albums, i have listened two songs from this album in real audio, she sings the songs in a fresh new kind of way  (of course, this is her live performances, we expect something more  personal),so if you are a big fan of Sarah, you shouldnt miss this album;  but if you havent buy any of her albums before, this may be a good start.  Personal favorite: &quot;I will remember you&quot;, &quot;fumbling towards  ecstasy&quot; which is also the title song of a Canadian film call  &quot;Kissed&quot;.
B000000OA6|5.0|Did I mention that I like this album. It's so brilliant, I can never get tired of it. 'These Are The Days Of Our Lives' is my favourite, a brilliant song. This album is my all-time favourite .
B000002LOM|3.0|I think this album was unfairly scathed by critics and fans alike. &quot;Kill uncle&quot; wasn't tantamount to Morrisseys debut opus &quot;Viva hate&quot; artistically but, in my subjective opinion, it was  good enough to meet my satiety. Defintely one that will be lost in the  shuffle. Worth checking out in my opinion just to hear the brilliant  &quot;King Lear.&quot;
B000002GXS|5.0|What's this album about? Driving in the rain, broken hearts and dreams, true love, and loneliness. Falling down drunk and landing on the moon--the stories of the night city. A poet giving form and rhythm to the musings of  the soul. American music, straight up, and from the heart. This came out in  1974, and just like the mentioned Napoleone's Pizza House, it is still  around, delivering the goods.
B000002BMD|5.0|It's to bad that two thirds of the American public don't even know they exist.
0783231482|5.0|If your a fan or not, buy this video.<br />Includes 17 minutes added into the movie itself! You get expanded car chase scenes, an expanded country club scene, and best of all-a scene where Elwood (Aykroyd) loses his job at a  spray paint factory, but not before he does a little embezzeling!!       -Cory
6303421563|5.0|&quot;The Professional&quot; (a.k.a. Lon) is one of the best films ever made. The plot is simplistic, but it goes right to the heart. Jean Reno is excellent as &quot;the cleaner,&quot; Gary Oldman is his usual brilliant  self as a bad cop, and Natalie Portman makes an excellent dbut as  Mathilda, the young girl who harbours a deep understanding with Leon.  Wonderful cinematography, excellent soundtrack (composed by Eric Serra),  and a great cast. I highly recommend this video.
0380789019|5.0|I have always been a fan of Neil Gaiman's, ever since I was introduced to his work through the &quot;Sandman&quot; series of comic books, so when I heard he had written a novel, I was anxious to read it to see if the  storytelling was of the same standard.  I was not disappointed.  All the  characters are well depicted, with the names taking on a fascination for  those who have lived in, or are familiar with London. Despite my penchant  for horror, I still found the main demons repulsive and their activities  almost too well-described for comfort. The story was a page-turner, and  even though I had devoured it over a short period of time, I found myself  lingering over the last chapter, not wanting it to end. This is right up my  street, doesn't wallow in descriptives, and provides the correct mixture of  horror, fantasy and humour with a touch of pathos.  I can't wait to read  his next book, and may even splurge on the hardback rather than wait for  the paperback version!
B000002GVO|5.0|What can you say about this Album.........not much I think someday this will be the greatest album ever made..........you can check out any time you like, but you can never leave...........
B00000IFWE|5.0|As a long time (20 years) Petty fan who owns every album including his box set, I can't understand how Echo can be considered inferior to any of his other works.  Yes, the sound is still the same - you've heard these tunes  before - but isn't that what we love about Tom and the Heartbreakers in the  first place.  Echo is long overdue with a few classics that are among his  best.  The album flow follows the same patterns of the past, but once you  play it through, you'll repeat the disc over and over until sooner or later  you won't be able to get the damn songs out of your head.  Not being able  to put another disc in the player sums it up best.  If that's not a sign of  a 5-Star disc, I don't know what is.  Lastly, just caught Tom and the  Heartbreakers in NYC at Irving Plaza.  Best show I've ever seen and they  still forgot to play almost everyone of their greatest tunes including some  from Echo!!!  Bottom line: It's as good as it gets.
0783229526|5.0|Of course, this is sickeningly pale in comparison to the big screen experience but if you need an experience that is close enough, pick up this DVD.  The extra scenes (most of which occured in the book, although some of  them weren't really necessary) are great.  The sharp detail of the DVD  makes all the visual effects look that much more stunning and uncomfortably  real.  Pick this up if you're a big fan of the movie.  You will not be  disappointed.
006020706X|5.0|My children love this book.  They feel relaxed and fall asleep fast, and I find myself yawning, too.
0141301139|5.0|Fantastic Mr. Fox, by Roald Dahl, is an adventure story for kids that are in the 2nd to 4th grade.  It is funny. In the story, there are three hideous farmers: Boggis, Bounce, and Bean.  They want to outsmart Mr. Fox  because he steals their food.  They try many different ways to kill Mr.  Fox. You will have to read the book to find out how it ends.
6305126062|5.0|I wish it were possible to tell Robert Redford personally how much I was touched by this film.  Every detail from the casting (especially Kristin Scott Thomas) to the original score was perfectly done.  Anyone who has a  love for the western lifestyle and breathtaking scenery of the American  West will want to watch this film again and again.
6300214753|5.0|Matthew Broderick was awesome! Classic like the movie Glory! Funny! you can watch it 5 times a week! great movie! Pick up a copy!
B000002HIK|5.0|This CD is by far one of the weirdest discs I have heard. And I love every second of it! A few songs (&quot;Mookid&quot;, Come On You Slags!&quot;) sound like hard ambient (wow, there's a rarity!) while some (&quot;Icct  Hedral&quot;) resemble nightmare soundtracks, and then there are a few  (&quot;Ventolin&quot;) that defy description. &quot;Ventolin&quot; is  particularly bizarre, with its piercing &quot;eeeeeeee&quot; and weird  repetitive &quot;ba de bomp BING! Bomp bomp bomp&quot; beats, but it's a  worthwhile listen. &quot;Icct Hedral is my favorite song on this album; its  melancholy atmosphere and haunting noises make it sound like music for a  David Lynch movie. All in all, if techno/ambient/esoterica floats your  boat, and you're not above random experimenting, buy this album. It's an  experience you're not likely to regret.
0671045865|4.0|I read The Little Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon, with great expectations. Hoping for another classic like the Shining or The Stand. While i considered it quite good , it just left me wanting a little more at the  conclusion. I think Trisha spent too much time in the woods, but not enough  at the fringe of the woods where she encounters the beast who has been  preying on her.
0060977493|5.0|The narrative voice in this book is astoundingly real, and quite unique. Roy's precise prose and her understatement cast a stark light on the institutionalized injustices that motivate and condemn her star-crossed  characters. I found it gripping, emotionally honest and downright  horrifying. Beautifully done, and very revealing.
0792139771|4.0|If you wanted a documentary you went to the wrong place.  Stay home and watch PBS and leave more room in the theater for those of us who want to go be entertained.  With that said, this is an excellent piece of fiction  based on real persons and events which I found very entertaining.
B00000ILBK|5.0|This is a good movie with excellent sets and acting. I don't see how any could not like it.
6303168507|5.0|Not only should one see this movie because of its great performances and painful realism, but also because we should NEVER forget the atrocities man is capable of committing.
6302878527|5.0|TWO FOR THE ROAD had been nearly forgotten except by a few film buffs until Audrey Hepburn's untimely death. People are discovering it and finding it ageless for a number of reasons. The theme of a marriage  changing through the years is a well-understood premise. It could be  predictable were it not for the wonderful acting by the entire cast,  primarily Albert Finney and Ms. Hepburn. Eleanor Bron and William Daniels  are a terrific pair of American snobs who join them through a period of  their adventure in marriage. The ingenious filmic vehicle(s) that moves the  characters through various periods in time is unexpected and beautifully  manuevered by the film's tender and loving director, Stanley Donen. Anyone  who accuses Donen of being a one trick pony (Singin' in the Rain) should  SEE THIS FILM!
B000002MTU|4.0|A good blues album, but is this entirely EC.  It seems he's back doing the covers again. EC is a great guitarist but I can't help feeling he's lost some of that creative talent. I'm a great fan of his earlier albums 461  Ocean Boulevard and Slowhand but even then he was doing covers.  I can't  help feeling that EC gets a lot more credit than is due. It's his best  blues album of recent times,  but I'm sure he could produce some original  material.
0451191153|5.0|For me, The Fountainhead is the best book that Ayn Rand wrote. As a Rommance, the fountainhead  is way better than Attlas Shrugged. The characters are much better constructed, the story is more interesting and  plausible. I'm not saying that I dont like Attlas Shrugged: Actually its a  great book too, but in a philosophical sense. Attlas Shrugged exposes  Rands Philosophy in a complete way, and maybe because of that, as a  rommance, attlas shrugged is not so good as Fountainhead.  Howard Roark is  one of the most fantastic characters ever created, as well as Peter  Keating, Gail Winnand(perhaps the most intriguing of all, a character which  Victor Hugo would have liked)and Ellsworth Toohey. The psicological side of  the protagonists are fantastic, and so is the story itself.  For my  personal taste, the best Rommance ever written is &quot;Le  miserables&quot;, by Victor Hugo. The Fountainhead is not very far from  this. A great Book!
B000002UJQ|5.0|While OK Computer doesn't have one specific &quot;hit&quot; song on it, the album as a whole is incredible.  This work ranks up there as one of my all-time favorites.  I would recommend it to anyone even if they aren't  into Radiohead.
B000002KM6|5.0|This is, in my opinion, Van Halen's best.  Don't get me wrong, I think the 3 that preceded this (I, II, Women &amp; Children) were fantastic as well, but this album just never lets up.  There is not one song here that can be  classified as anything less than great.  And it contains  &quot;Unchained&quot;, probably Eddie and Dave's finest collaboration.   This album just rocks, that all I can say.
630417893X|5.0|Only &quot;West Side Story&quot; and &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; can compare with this lavishly designed, profoundly well-acted rendering of the Broadway smash hit that people still love today. Although Audrey Hepburn is  my favorite actress (along with Ingrid Bergman, Grace Kelly, Kate Winslet  and Marissa Tomei) I still think Julie Andrews should have had the role of  Eliza Doolittle for the film version. It has been said by many (including  Audrey) that although she wanted the part and was grateful for it she did  feel that Julie should have had the part especially after it was revealed  that Audrey would be performing a small part of the singing and the rest of  it would be dubbed by Marni Nixon (the famous &quot;ghost singer&quot; who  had also dubbed Deborah Kerr in 1956 for &quot;The King and I&quot; and  Natalie Wood in 1961 for &quot;West Side Story&quot; and a year after  &quot;Fair Lady&quot; came out in the movies she would be playing as well  as singing the part of Sister Sophia in the film version of &quot;The Sound  of Music&quot; (which was her first on screen performance). Rex Harrison in  the role of his career won the Best Actor Oscar to no suprise that year for  his brilliant portrayal of Professor Henry Higgins. The previous year's  best actress winner Patricia Neil (winner of 1963's &quot;Hud&quot;) had  just had a life-altering stroke and was too ill to attend the '64 Oscars  and announce the year's best actor. So, at the last minute, Audrey was  asked to present the award. When Harrison won he asked Audrey to stand next  to him on the podium to thank her as well as Julie Andrews (who was in the  audience and who ironically won the best actress Oscar that same year for  &quot;Mary Poppins&quot; while Audrey was not even nominated for &quot;Fair  Lady&quot;-due to the fact that the Academy wanted to &quot;punish&quot;  her for stealing the part from Julie) for allowing him to work with the two  of them and expressed his &quot;deep love for...well two fair ladys&quot;.  Audrey and Julie were all smiles backstage for publicity pictures with  Harrison, best director winner George Cukor (who had won his 1st Oscar [for  director of &quot;Fair Lady&quot;] after at five nominations) and Jack L.  Warner (who won the best picture Oscar for &quot;Fair Lady&quot;). This  film is really a milestone in the history of musical films. See it if you  havn't already and see it again if you have. It's always worth another  look..well two fair ladys&quot;.  Audrey and Julie were all smiles backstage for publicity pictures with  Harrison, best director winner George Cukor (who had won his 1st Oscar [for  director of &quot;Fair Lady&quot;] after at five nominations) and Jack L.  Warner (who won the best picture Oscar for &quot;Fair Lady&quot;). This  film is really a milestone in the history of musical films. See it if you  havn't already and see it again if you have. It's always worth another  look.
6303430570|5.0|I loved this movie.  I'm from Jersey, so it's easy for me to identify with the characters here.  Even if you are not from NJ, you should be practically pissing yourself from laughing.  Judging from several of the  earlier reviews, this movie does not play well in Iowa (I guess they just  don't understand) but everyone else should love this one.  Definitely not  for kids, though.
B00000ILBK|1.0|In space yhere is no air how come you can hear the space ship?<br />Nomad.....
0684874350|5.0|It's been a few days since I finished reading this book, and I can't stop thinking about it. &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; moved me in a way that no other memoir has. I felt so many emotions while reading this book. I was  horrified at the utter squallor that Frank McCourt and his family lived in.  I was shocked and angry at the way Frank's father treated his family. I  cried when Frank's little sister Margaret and his twin brothers died. And I  rejoiced when Frank finaly achieved his dream and emmigrated to America.        This book was beautifully written. It was an ingenious idea to write a  memoir from a child's perspective because that made the story all the more  powerful.       &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; did something else for me: it  made me grateful for everything I had as a child growing up in America. I  wasn't rich by any means. I had a middle class upbringing by caring ,loving  parents. However, when I compare it to Franks childhood in Ireland during  the 1930's, I realized how very fortunate I was.       This book should be  read by everyone because it really teaches you to apprecate what you have  in life.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|You have to see this movie if your a Ghostbuster fan or not!  It's funny but cool!  It has an awesome story line too!  It has some of the greatest comedians in it too!  So I suggest you get this movie as soon as possible!!
0684867621|3.0|Immediately prior to beginning work on the exquisitely boring Gerald's Game, some one made the mistake of telling King his female characters were &quot;too thin&quot;, that he needed to work on rounding them out.  Evidently someone made the same mistake and told him his characterizations  of female children needed work.  Thus, we have The Girl Who Loved Tom  Gordon. Like Gerald's Game, it's somewhat pointless. But unlike Gerald's  Game, it's actually a neat little package.  I'm still unsure if I was  turning the pages to see what happened next or turning them ~hoping~  something would happen next, but regardless, it was a page-turner. And  while the &quot;monster in the closet&quot; was nature all along, it was a  formidable (if invisible) monster. While a departure from what I normally  read King for, I enjoyed it.  And I hate to admit that.
0385493800|3.0|I couldn't wait to read the latest Grisham - the premise of this book had so much to offer; the signing and witnessing of a billionaire's will by his money hungry family just waiting to devour the spoils; and then the last  second signing of a new will and testament immediately prior to his  suicide. Most of what followed were tedious journeys into the jungle to  locate an heir and that's where I was turned off. Too much time spent in  the Pantanal.  I would have preferred and expected more development of the  family characters and their predicaments of frivolous spending and the  legal battle for &quot;their&quot; money.  Then again this would not have  made for the suspense Grisham was seeking nor for the lawyer Nate whose  derelict life had him left him washed up - no courtroom scenes for him. The  religous aspect was something I wouldn't expect to find in a novel of this  genre but I respect Grisham for including it. It provided the closure for  Nate and his slow but steady rehabilitation.  He was at peace with himself  unlike the other relatives. The Testament, however, does not compare to  many of his earlier works which were worthy of 5 stars!.
078401213X|4.0|Forget fractals, Fibonacci and Fermat. This is crazy, disturbing, painful, engrossing and so, so simple. I beleived it, I loved it, I even copied his hairstyle. This is a gotta see, but be warned, it stays with you.
0671015206|4.0|This book reads well but it is a little tedios. Many points could have been summarized and more real life examples could have been thrown in, to make it more interesting.  Nevertheless, it was insightful and if you read  it all, there are many lessons to be learnt.  I think those that criticise  the authors for suggesting one can become a millionaire at the risk of  having no life are missing the essential point.  The authors state that  these millionaires, who made it by careful money management, are happy  because they are financially independent. It is having that security which  gives them happiness. So, if financial independence is what you desire the  book tells you to modify your life in order to achieve it. If you don't  want financial independence then don't read the book but be warned about  your old age which could be a time when choices will be pretty limited.
0800128052|5.0|&quot;Rudy&quot; is a triumphant cinematic effort in that it's a true story of one person's indomitable spirit that allows him to accomplish great dreams against unbeatable odds.  Why this film wasn't nominated for  any Oscars is puzzling considering its lush cinematography, well-written  script, and stirring score by Jerry (&quot;Poltergeist&quot;) Goldsmith.   Sean Astin was a judicious choice for the lead biographical role of Rudy  Ruetigger, a Illinois youngster growing up in circa 1970 who is impassioned  to one day play football for the illustrious Fighting Irish of Notre Dame.   However, Rudy's family and his peers believe that his dreams are just  wishful thinking considering his small build and his below-par academic  achievement in high school.  Astin, who's been known to play underdog  protagonists quite effectively in &quot;Encino Man&quot; and in &quot;The  Goonies&quot;, really shines as the film's misunderstood, yet tenaciously  optimistic hero.  &quot;Rudy&quot; was beautifully shot on location at the  Notre Dame campus and in the greater South Bend area.  I've actually been  to some of those campus places in the movie myself: the stadium,  &quot;Touchdown Jesus&quot;, the gold-domed chapel, the candle sachristy  where Rudy fervently prays for his dreams to come true, and the lake where  Rudy poignantly reads his long-awaited ND acceptance letter (my First Love  from Purdue &amp; I used to have picnics at that lake, she was from South  Bend).  Also, Rudy's high school, Joliet Catholic Academy, and my old high  school have been in the same Chicagoland HS athletic conference for years.   So, &quot;Rudy&quot; has a lot of sentimental value to me in those aspects.   Also, one cannot resist the film's touching finale as Rudy laces up for  the ultimate memory of his lifetime: to play in the one ND game he would  ever get to play in and to show to everyone who ever doubted him that his  dreams had come true.  No one would ever be able to take that feat awayfrom him, not ever.  The crowd's chanting of Rudy's name at that game is  contagious as it is uplifting!  <br />If Life ever gets too hard with no hope  in sight, remember &quot;Rudy&quot;!
630463949X|5.0|I've never seen a concert or a concert video of this historic band before. So, it's a true pleasure for me to watch them and their perfoemance on this DVD. All the songs are great and bring me back to 70's and 80's with some  memeries. They all are very talented. Particularly I was mesmerised by  Lindsay with his guitar: &quot;Big Love&quot; is awesome! And it's so good  to see Stevie with &quot;Gipsy&quot; and Christine with  &quot;Songbird&quot;. It was a nice try to perform with the marching band.  So... try this!!
0449215644|5.0|This book is a wonderful read!  Stewart keeps the suspense up untill the end! I highly recommend it!
1573301051|5.0|I've been watching this DVD over and over again without cloying. Very exiting and absorbing. I like all the divas(one wanted to be a divette though) and their songs with pure energies. A very well arranged concert.  This DVD made me fall in love with DVDs especially because of their  availability of subtitles. I can't wait for the new one: &quot;Divas Live  '99&quot;.
0375707972|4.0|A thoughtful, philosophical account of a marring, coming-of-age sexual experience.  Although the translation is wanting at times, THE READER  forgiveness, shame, sexual passion, diminished self-esteem among a few. The  illiteracy explanation, however, is weak.  Given the time and setting, not  being able to read was neither as uncommon nor as embarrassing as it may be  today.  It is also an unconvincing reason for Hannah's behavior.  Nevertheless, it does serve to further weaken Hannah's character making her  even less likeable.
B000002INR|5.0|This was the C.D. that launched Skid Row into stardom, which is where they deserved to be after releasing this album.  The vocals are amazing, almost on Rob Halford's level when it comes to the high notes.  Musically, the  album does not let the listener down.  What can I say, I feel this album is  one of the top ten metal releases of the eighties.  Not many releases stand  up to this one.  A destined classic.  People that trash Skid Row and this  album are probably the ones who were first in line at the record store when  this album was released.  I guess some people think it's not cool to like  Skid Row anymore, but they don't know what they are missing because this is  one killer album.
B000002IST|1.0|This is boring stuff...music without inspiration...Collins is so insincere. The title song is such a dumb tune, it makes me sick. Genesis has died.
B000003TA4|5.0|Sure, Nirvana gets tons of hype, but it DESERVES all the attention it gets.  Nevermind is truly one of the best albums ever recorded (I would say *the* best, but I guess maybe Sgt. Pepper and one or two others are up  there too).  Despite the fact that nearly all of the songs have been  horribly overplayed, they never really get boring or obnoxious the way many  overplayed songs do.  Currently, the song endlessly on repeat in my stereo  is the misunderstood, insulted, ignored &quot;Polly,&quot; which may be  unpopular among some dumber fans who don't know the story behind it and  honestly think it is about a bird, but in my opinion it contains some  incredible emotions and awesome chords.  But every song kicks, so go buy  this album and some other Nirvana ones too because they're all incredibly  cool (my favs: Unplugged in New York and In Utero).
B0000026T4|5.0|Maybe just a little more commercial than I expect from Alice.. but a good, solid album. Can't leave  it out of a collection.  Good tracks: Poison, Only My Heart Talkin', This Maniacs' In Love With You, I'm Your Gun  Bad  tracks: House Of Fire, Why Trust You, Hell Is  Living Without You Something  different: Spark In The Dark, Bed Of Nails, Trash
0780625129|5.0|This movie really showcased Norton's talent.. The man is an incredible actor, I think, one of the greatest actors of all time.  He brought, the skinhead, Derek, so too life that you really felt his anger and hatred.   The man should have gotten an Oscar. (okay, begnini was excellent too, but  norton rules!) This is a really important film, and I think all the other  performances, especially Edward Furlong, and Beverly D'angelo were  excellent.  It was a little difficult for me to sit through it due to the  topic at hand.  but it was worth every second.  Rent it now!!!  You will be  stunned..if not by the topic by Norton!
B000000ISW|5.0|A wonderful blending of music and sci-fi places the title track among the best conceptual pieces ever written. A 20+ minute seven part song/story that excites the imagination and even flexes the intellect. Rush's finest  achievement and a welcome addition to rock history.
B000002UZ4|5.0|This is a great cd to get an overview of the first half of the pet shop boys' careers. It contains top hits like west end girls, it's a sin, what have i done to deserve this, etc. the pet shop boys are simply one of the  finest pop groups the world has seen in the past generation, and for the  casual fan or anyone who's interested in superb thoughtful witty dance-pop,  it is a MUST have.
6303421563|5.0|This is DEFENETLY one of my favorite movies. i HAVE to buy it
B000003N7K|5.0|Words don't easily describe the smooth, low, velvet sound of Hartman's voice.  With Coltrane, Hartman recorded the definitive ablum of love, but this CD is more than that.  It is a beautiful melding of instruments and  voice wrapped around sentimental lyrics.  This is the finest album ever  recorded.
0790739909|5.0|I loved the ending.  It shows us how to appreciate  and how to go on.  This movie affected me for a week.
B00000IBRX|1.0|I'm sorry but this movie is awful!! I read some of the other reviews and wondered if I had watched the same movie. I love Williams and admire Cuba Gooding, but they were both in a loser.
0375707972|1.0|I began reading this book in a kindof &quot;captive audience&quot; situation in which I had nothing else to do for a stretch of time. After an hour, I had already finished a 1/3 of the book. Now, I can't seem to force  myself to pick it up again. The writing (perhaps due to the translation) is  overly simple.  And I don't mean &quot;simple&quot; in a poetic way.  I  mean &quot;simple&quot; in a childish way.<br />The premise itself sounds very  promising, but I can't get past the writing style.  Thinking it might be  me, I gave the book to a friend, who also passed it back to me -- not  caring if he finished it -- after getting only 1/3 of the way through.
B00000I8UD|5.0|You know, when I was a child, I would do things that kids do. But as I grew up, I got older. And as I got older, I discovered David Sylvian. Dead Bees On A Cake is beautifully created, and though it may sound as if little  old Davey is mellowing (maybe getting a little sappy) in his aging process,  we discover that the &quot;average listener&quot; needs a lesson in  Sylvianism. First off, David has become happier; he's gotten married and  has two children. So, to compare this work with Secrets from the Beehive,  Gone to Earth, or Brilliant Trees (where he was living with photographer  Yuka Fuji-the girl he &quot;stole&quot; from fellow Japan member Mick Karn)  would be a mistake. For starters, the last of those albums was completed in  1987. That's twelve years ago!! True Sylvian fans will appreciate the  musicianship here, foremost the inclusion of guitarist Marc Ribot. New fans  will like the contemporary sounds here, with just enough oddities to get  them ready for the rest of his catalogue. My advice for Sylvian fans who  didn't enjoy the album; twelve years of build-up is a long time, so give it  a chance.
0385493800|5.0|I am an avid reader of Grisham.s books and have enjoyed them all.  This book ranks at the top by far.  This is the most original story involving a lawyer fighting for his client that I have ever seen on TV or read.  It was  fast paced, insightful, and well thought out.  A must read for anybody who  reads period.
0141301155|5.0|I gave this book 5 stars first of all because it's written by one of the greatst of all time Writers Roald Dahl.Second of all because a poor boy who loves chocolate but only get's one piece a year finds a 1 dollar bill on  the ground and decides to buy Scrummdiddlyumptios Wonka Bar and does.What  he finds inside you will have to find out yourself.         From,Colton May
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman has surprised me again. I just got the CD today and I thought of writing this review after being mesmerized by this angelic voice. The soft rhythm and the sweet melodies in songs such as &quot;SO  MANY THINGS\\", &quot;LASCIA CH'IO PIANGA&quot; and  \\"ONLY AN OCEAN AWAY\\"  truly touches my heart. If you have heard &quot;TIME TO SAY GOODBYE&quot;  and you love titles from Celine Dion or Enya, I truly recommend this CD for  anyone. This is definitely a classic for all ages to enjoy. Sarah Brightman  we love you and thank you for bringing quality music to our  lives.<br />Framke, Ralph
B000009ED0|5.0|This CD rules!!!  It's about time somebody made this kind of noise.  It's got thumpin bass, blasting guitars, phat rhymes, and even one awesome mellow song.  This album is the bomb - check it out!
0679735259|4.0|Cool, coolness, and the countenance to do it. If you like Hunter S. Thompson's 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas' or any of Tom Wolfe's early work, e.g. 'The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test', this is your book describing  the experience that affected an entire American generation. Herr's work on  Vietnam is seminal. As the co-writer of screenplays for both Coppola's '  Apocalypse Now' and Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket', Herr provides the 'real  deal' from the trenches of the Vietnam experience. Not being a participant  but rather a correspondent during the Vietnam War, he provides an  objective, accurate and colorful account of the US involvment in Vietnam  and more importantly a glance at the true psyche of the American warrior in  Southeast Asia. Also recommended: A Rumor of War - Philip Caputo
B000002TP7|5.0|This is one CD that you can listen to begining to end. With the rock songs like &quot;Sabotage&quot;, and straight rap like &quot;Get it Together&quot;, it can't be beat. Fantastic beats and great samples never  stop. This has been in my changer for years.
6301647734|5.0|Have you ever wondered what would have happened if Christopher Robin didn't leave Hundred Acre Wood?  Well, Harvey, or more correctly, Elwood P. Dowd will show you.  Elwood is a man of simplicity, doing what he enjoys,  and making friends all along the way.  In the end, he reminds us that it  isn't the destination but the travel to it that's important. This movie is  a feel-good &quot;must see&quot;.
B000002C1X|5.0|i have always been a huge fan of floyd, i have everthing that they have ever put out, and i never get tired of listening to the music. mellow, relaxing, and quite to the point in a lot of the lyrics!!!
0060977493|5.0|Splendid. It's one of the greatest works from Indian-English authors. It's really surprising to note that many people didn't like this book. This may be because of astonishing closeness to reality and heart wrenching sadness  of the story. The style of her narration is definitely one of the best i've  ever read.
6300270424|3.0|The concert footage, while not featuring Zep at their peak, is a must have for any fan.  But the fantasy sequences and faked back stage scenes are at best annoying interuptions of the real show.
B000002L9Y|5.0|When I first heard this album, it was on a rough copy off of my parent's record.  Needless to say, I fell in love with each and every song on the record.  When I reached the end of the last track, I would immediately  rewind and list again, over and over.  Pick this one up; you won't regret  it.
B00000I78Y|5.0|the average 6 star rating says enoug
B000002A3T|5.0|With such powerfull songs as High Hopes and Cluster 1, it is no wonder this album is awesome.  Buy it!!!
0374172897|3.0|Is this the first 3-star review?  All the others represent extremes of repulsion or devotion--perhaps a good sign for a book.  After all, it draws a reaction.  To measure Cunningham's prose against Woolf is perhaps  unfair--but, he sets up the comparison himself.  He's a good writer,  perhaps a bit precious and too self-conscious about writing a good  line--and all in all he did a pretty great job of pulling together three  separate narratives about characters that range from boring to merely dull  to fascinating (Woolf).  The story line about the California wife I found  excruciating until she decides to check into a hotel. At that point I  thought &quot;great.  She's going to kill herself and we can get on with  the good stuff.&quot; <br />A lurid question:  Did Woolf really only use one  stone to drown herself?  I thought there were several....
B00000F1D3|5.0|I was hesitant to get this CD based on the tepid reviews I read at this site about 2 months ago;  however, I just LOVE the song BELIEVE, and I loved her last 2 albums ...  Needless to say, Cher did not disappoint!  It  is excellent, and I wait with bated breath for the remix Cher and Madonna  are recording of(track #7) Dov'e L'Amore.  It's so difficult to pick a  favorite on this CD!  Way to go Cher!  Thanks for another great CD.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Can it possibly be true?  Is Fox really re-releasing Aliens SE on VHS and DVD?  This will be a dream come true for Aliens fans worldwide.  Aliens is without a doubt the best scifi/action movie of all time, and with the  cutscenes added back in, it gets even better!
0060925000|4.0|To Seth's credit, this mammoth study of four families living through India's growing pains soon after independence is engrossing throughout.  With great warmth and humor, he deftly weaves together the personal and  political.  Never boring (miraculously so for such a long book) this is a  good bet for anyone who appreciates historical sagas.
B000002BNB|5.0|ghostface does a great cd and havin raekwon and cappa d in it was great rza keep em comin
0307010856|5.0|I read this book to my children in the 1970's when they were young.  Now, 25 years later, as they are beginning their own families, they remember this book fondly.  I'm ordering copies for them, and to read to my  grandchildren when they visit!!
6300214753|5.0|Best movie eve
0684867621|4.0|Waterless Cookware!!  Pretty good book. Stephen King once again proves that he actually is a very talanted author and not just an oowy-goowy gross out master.  I am happy to add this novel to my ever growing King  collection, (I have all of his novels but one 'Cycle of the  Werewolf'...cant find a first print for the life of me!!).  This latest  work has again secured me as a lifetime fan, (not 'your number one fan',I'm  no psycho!) and I look eagerly forward to future works by Stephen King.  Thanx for this book Stephen.
6303149200|1.0|I rented this one at the video store, and when it was over I wished I hadn't.  Basically, it's just an island where the druids still reign, unbeknownst to the rest of England.  They still practice human sacrifice.   It started out promising, but in the end I wondered why they even bothered.   A waste of my time.
0780622553|3.0|This film is truly visually stunning, but I tend to go along with the more negative reviews of it.  I found the plot not to be intellectually &quot;challenging.&quot; but just plain convoluted.<br />It does support my  idea, however, that one should always go for the DVD version of a film
078322687X|5.0|That was my life for four years
0800141857|5.0|Lush and poignant scenes.  Streisand is at her comedic and dramatic best.  Lauren Bacall is equally compelling in every scene.  Top notch writing of LaGravenese is worthy of the star power throughout this film.  The Academy  Award nominated score by Marvin Hamlisch is both memorable and story  appropriate.  If you think this is just another ego trip a la Streisand,  you have missed the point.
B00000BKDV|5.0|This albumn, from beginning to end, is amazing! Every song kicks ass! If &quot;Revelations&quot; or &quot;The Trooper&quot; don't get you going, don't bother with any other band; your dead! These songs still drive me  insane! Iron Maiden kicks ass! There is a new albumn due at the end of this  year; I hope they bring back the sound of the early '80's Maiden! Up the  Iron's!
0385493800|5.0|I enjoyed this novel, and found it to be done with the tradtional Grisham style.  He ties you in so deeply to the plot on the first page, and keeps you tied in till the very end.  In this particular novel I found it less to  be a court room dram, but an adventure story.  I enjoyed this novel a lot  as much as the Street Lawyer.  He is truly one of the best authors in his  field.  I highly recomend this novel if you are into adventure and thrill  ride of your life until the end.
0201634988|5.0|I own the original book and love it, but I was a bit surprised when I bought the CD and saw that the price only covers a single user - the normal price does not allow you to the put the CD on a web server for a group of  programmers. Given the way software works, maybe I shouldn't have been  surprised, but come on, if you buy a CD of WEB PAGES, shouldn't it be made  clear up front that you're not supposed to put it on a WEB SERVER?! Caveat  emptor...
0446364495|5.0|A must read for all those who believe in true love. Reading this book makes you hope fervently that there's a Francesca or a Robert somewhere out there for you.It reaffirms your belief in love.Never read anything like it  before.
078881172X|2.0|I ordered both the Walt Disney Peter Pan video and the Mary Martin Peter Pan video for my son at the same time and the differences between the two are shocking.  Walt Disney has exaggerated to the point of stereotyping  many aspects of the story.  For example, Tinkerbell, who represents a  spirit in the story of Peter Pan, in the Walt Disney version is such a  flirt and jealous, as well as overly concerned with how big her hips are  that the whole meaning of her is lost.  The indians in the Walt Disney  version are stereotyped as well and I was shocked that as my son now says  Indians don't have faces.  The Walt Disney version contains much  unnecessary violence.  All and all the Mary MArtin Peter Pan is so much  more heart-warming and magical and fun.
0780624890|1.0|HI HAVN'T GOT LONG, GOT TO SAY TA FOR SUPPORTING BLADE, IT WAS FUN TO DO. GOT TO GO BE BACK SOON.
0767822617|3.0|It's no secret in Hollywood that about 45 minutes or so of footage was cut out of this film prior to its original release.  20 minutes of that was taken out after test preview audiences didn't like the political  storylines!  <br />For the life of me, I can't understand why that missing  footage wasn't put in this 25th Anniversary edition!!!!????????  And not  even to put it in a wide-screen version is a further  mystery!!!!!????????????
0780624890|5.0|Best film ever, brilliant graphics, good acting, best speical effects ever, cool comtumes, weapons and story. IF YOU'VE NEVER SEEN THIS FILM, WATCH IT, BUY IT, HOW CAN ANY BODY NOT LIKE THIS FILM!!!!!!
B000001FKY|5.0|I have reviewed Hysteria by Def Leppard and I reccommend it to everyone. I love the song &quot;Pour Your Sugar On Love&quot;. It's one of the best songs I have ever heard.
6304613199|5.0|Greatest movie out there, but should be on DVD already
B000007T1M|5.0|i would of given this a 10 star but amazon lets you give up to 5 stars...but all i have to say is that this is the best i have ever heard yet!!!
0679745653|5.0|When choosing to read Truman Capote's works for a major research project for my English class, I was disappointed to learn that he wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's.  I soon, though, after reading the novella was pleasantly  suprised to find it quite enjoyable!  Years earlier, I had seen the movie  and disliked it very much.  However, after reading the book, I have a  sympathy for the characters, but still struggle to find a point to it all.  Overall, though, I found the novella quite fun and imaginative.  Kudos to  Capote!<br />P.S. I am currently seeking assistance with my project concerning  the works and life of Truman Capote.  If you have any information, and have  the time, please email at me Katg0ddess@aol.com (the 0 is a zero)  Thank  you!
B000002KKS|5.0|I can only imagine how shocking it was for Sabbath fans to hear Dio's voice for the first time.  Having become a Sabbath fan at the relatively late date of 1983, I thought this was a great record, and I still do.   <br />The last reviewer wasn't entirely correct when he said Sabbath seems to  intentionally abandon their old sound on this record.  I think they were  moving in this direction with their two previous albums, Technical Ecstasy  and Never Say Die.  Dio merely takes this musical direction to its fullest  fruition.  Ozzy's voice just isn't suited for this kind of music, and Dio's  lyrics have more depth and eloquence than anything on the two records  mentioned above.<br />Before I get flamed for that statement, let me just say  that I love the original Sabbath as much as anyone.  Having heard Dio sing  the old songs, I must say Dio's voice isn't really suited for &quot;War  Pigs&quot; or &quot;Iron Man,&quot; either.  Somehow, Dio's lyrics about  knights and magic wouldn't have fit that bluesy style of music.  Ozzy was  perfect at that time, just as Dio is perfect for what Sabbath is trying to  do here.<br />Heaven and Hell contains music with power, drama, and melody.  I  don't think Dio ever reached this level of excellence with his subsequent  solo career, so if you like his solo music, you will LOVE this record.   It's a classic.
B000003TAW|5.0|listen guys! i bought this record 4 years ago, and it is still the one i play the most in my collection. unfortunately i couldn't enjoy Pinkerton as much, but if you wanna have a truly fantastic album in your CD stack, this  is it.
630242335X|5.0|This was the best of the original cast films.  It had the battle sequence, conspiracy, humor, and allowed all the characters to be fully developed.  Plummer was excellent as the villin and the Klingons actually looked as  scarey as they were supposed to be.  This was a fitting end to the original  cast.
6305327084|5.0|This movie, if it has to be compared, is a Big Chill meets Lolita. Great, honest, funny characters make this movie very likeable for everyone.
6303201954|3.0|This movie was an efficient stepping stone for the movie series.  It was elegant, the special effects were avrage in some areas, (Klingon ships)but astounding in others,( warp drive).  The music was good but the story line  and character development was in need of help.
B000000H5J|5.0|THIS IS ONE BADASS ALBUM THIS IS THE FEAR FACTORY ALBUM TO HAVE
6305365121|4.0|I don't know this film could have been a 5 star film but it missed something. The idea of starfleet in coherts with this new evil race was good, the effects were good, characters were good, but it missed a good  ending.  I agree with some of the other reviews it got; I am tired of the  beam me off and ride into the sunset endings.
B000002U9W|5.0|I never have put much truck into what the critics say and being a total Floydhead I love this album. I have loved it since the first time I heard it not long after it was released. Pink Floyd have always been way ahead of  their time and this ambitious album is delightful, especially the title  track. I find it totally fascinating to listen to all the instruments and  gadgets used to bring it all together and since I am more into the music  than singing anyway, the lack of lyrics doesn't bother me in the least. I  find listening to it quite uplifting and emotional. It is one of my  favorite Pink Floyd albums and it's a must in any true Floydian collection.
6301543408|1.0|This was simply the worst of the Trek films.  Aside from the horrible effects, the &quot;God&quot; complex that seems to grip the crew, unbelievable acting, and poor character development,the whole movie had a  &quot;Nimoy did it so why can't I&quot; attitude.  As a long time Trek fan  I only have this video to complete my collection.
0871137380|4.0|As a soldier with more than 17 years of active duty under my belt, I've always been amazed at the average civilian's perception of just what it is that soldiers do and why they do it.  I gave this book to a civilian friend  to read and he refused to believe it as a true account.  He said &quot;This  sort of thing just couldn't happen&quot;   His major problems were in  beliving that the Army would  let itself be caught off guard as they were  and also, as he put it &quot;The slaughter of innocent civilians&quot;.       To say the least Mr. Bowden's work has opened the eyes of at least a few  people to the reality of modern conflicts and the true dangers involved in  this country's peacekeeping efforts around the world. Thank you, Mr. Bowden  for telling their story.    I only hope that whatever movie deal comes out  of this does true credit to the fine Americans who fought there.....and  doesn't turn in to some lame shoot-em-up starring Bruce Willis.    Fiendish
B00000IL67|5.0|I am only 20 and it was several years ago when I discovered one of AC's albums, &quot;Trash&quot;. I was totally mesmorised by the passion of the songs, with a real sense of fun to them. If I had the box set years ago I  think it would have blown my mind with all the great songs, Alice is not  just simply a rocker he can not be labelled, he is totally ecclectic and  everything he does is brilliant, the lyrics are always thought inspiring  and if you want to change your life for the better, and are an AC virgin  BUY this set!!! I urge you! He is one of the best entertainers this planet  has and do not miss out on this brilliant compilation of almost 30 years of  his works.
B000002I25|5.0|Best Album in the world? Perhaps. Greatest Impact? BINGO! The Doors' incredibly strong first and best album took the nation by storm. Said that he was Freudian in his songwriting, Jim Morrison may never have heard of  Sigmund but his music used all the tools to beguile a receptive America.  Like a master surfer catching the wave of the century, The Doors cornered  the coveted Best in IMPACT trophy for the 24 karat Gold years of music.  Manzarek's incredible keyboard ride in Light My Fire and the carnival tones  of Alamaba and Soul Kitchen graced the humble stereos of hip youngsters  everywhere. The memory factor is unmeasureable! Break on Through and  Crystal Ship also deserve kudos as well as The End. Morrison did use  symbols of sexuality to captivate his listeners on their most vulnerable  level. Try Back Door Man. He assumed and maintained the personnae of a Love  God. Don't get me wrong, we didn't know what most of the words meant back  then, but we sang the words! Trying to honestly size up the Doors is like  trying to give an objective overview of your father. 'Can't be done...  Impact too great. We lived the Doors. This music was the AIR, then. THAT's  what it's ALL about. That's the Doors. Oh... Ok... Greatest Album of all  Time!!!
B00000269M|5.0|This album has a very vibrant upbeat,hip-hop sound to it.Lets see first there is &quot;Bad&quot; which is  song with Michael asking who's Bad in other words meaning you may think you are tough but  you're just  faking.Then there's &quot;The Way You  Make Me Feel&quot; which Michael is  trying to tell  this hard-to-get-type of girl how he really feels about  her.Next comes &quot;Speed Demon&quot; which I'm still starting to  understand.Next comes &quot;Liberian Girl&quot;.Then the Stevie duet  &quot;Just Good Friends&quot;,then &quot;Another Part of Me&quot;(my  fav),then comes &quot;Man In The Mirror&quot;.Next comes &quot;I Just Can't  Stop Loving You&quot;,&quot;Dirty Diana&quot;,&quot;Smooth  Criminal&quot;  and &quot;Leave Me Alone&quot;.ALL MY FAVES.This album is very explaintory  and receptive.I guranteed you will play it a lot.
B000002C1X|5.0|This is no joke.  If you are a fan of this album (or even if you're not), you really gotta try this!  Play the album while watching the movie Wizard of Oz and you will be amazed at how well they flow together.  Probably a  coincidence, but surely worth seeing.
0783229003|5.0|This movie must be seen by everyone.  It is a comedic classic of classics
0783225903|5.0|Brazil is an amazing movie, but for the real fans, the Creiterion Edition comes out on June 29th.  It is three discs.  The first is Terry Gilliam's cut of the movie (142 mins)with his commentary track as well. The second  disc includes interviews, storyboards, featurette, and the famous  &quot;Battle for Brazil&quot; documentary, etc.  The third disc is the  &quot;Love Conquers All&quot; (97 min) version of the film.  It has a  commentary by a newspaper reporter, comparing the cuts of the film.<br />So  while owning this movie is essential for any serious fan, if you want the  real Brazil, as well as Gilliam's own thoughts and the history of the film  (the controversy, etc.), wait for the Criterion Edition.  3 Discs, June 29,  1999.
6302732875|5.0|PACINO IS FANTASTIC, LEMMON PERFECT, BALDWIN MARVELOUS, SHOULD I GO ON, THIS MOVIE IS A TOUR DE FORCE FOR FIVE OF THE GREATEST ACTORS KNOWN TO AMERICAN CINEMA, CLASSIC DIALOGUE, YOU'LL BE REPEATING FOR YEARS TO COME.
6300183211|5.0|This is the greatest movie ever!!! I cant count how many times I've seen it. Al Pacino is at his best playing a Cuban refugee but he is also at his best playing an Italian mob boss, not to mention he plays a pretty  convincing Satan role too. No doubt he is the best actor ever!! Tony  Montana, Don Corleone, and Satan. What a resume' ! Any one who doubts that  he is best needs to see any one of his movies.  And Justice For Al !!!!
0783228317|5.0|This film is one of the most outstanding masterpieces of the modern-day motion picture era. Hunter S. Thompson describes every aspect of the characters lives in a very distraut manner that makes complete sence,if you  think about it. This is one of the few movies that requires the thought of  its viewers to get everything out of it. No special effects, and no movie  magic. Just a twisted way to see the world, and a helluva good movie.
6304025831|5.0|There's just too many good things to say about Casino. Although the movie is kid of long at 3 hours, one never loses interest. The storyline follows Sam &quot;Ace&quot; Rothstein (Robert DeNiro), as a business genius being  sent to Las Vegas in 1973 when kids didn't go and everything was run by  people you didn't see. Being the brains of the operation, the bosses know  that Ace must need muscle to protect him and take care of the dirty work.  Everything seems to be running perfectly well until beautiful hustler  Ginger (Sharon Stone) Walks into Ace's life. This film brought Robert  Deniro, Joe Pesci and master director Martin Scorsese back together with  famed writer Nicholas Pileggi (Wiseguy, basis for the 1990 mafia hit  Goodfellas). Stone was nominated for Best Actress at the Academy Awards for  her portrayl of the sexy scarlet turned alcoholic. Casino is a must-see and  fans of any mob-style movie like the Godfather Trilogy, Goodfellas, Donnie  Brasco, etc. Should not miss this!
6300248550|5.0|Everytime that I think of this movie, I can still feel what they had been trying to portray in this movie. Even though I knew what was going to happen in the end, I could still feel the despair of Jane and sat on the  edge of my seat waiting for the ending. I first found Jane Eyre when doing  a dialogue for a drama class in high school and realize that I did not do  the book justice in my version once having watched this wonderful  portrayal.
0876855575|3.0|It's been a cold, rainy week in Minneapolis and I've just finished Ham on Rye, which I've torn through.  I do not know what to make of this book.  It's quite disturbing, in terms of the frankness, and finishing it actually  made me cry...especially the ending, which of course I will not give away.   The main character, henry Chinaski is more disdainful than Holden  Caulfield.  He is so hard, yet I know he has a sensitive soul.  Anyways, as  I patronized the local record store I noticed one of the local bands in  Minneapolis is called Chinaski and that spooked me.  So, in all, I  recommend this book, you will become attached to Henry, I promise
0684867621|5.0|I loved this book.  I am an avid Stephen King fan and was delighted when I read this book. True, it was not one of his usual &quot;scare me to death&quot; stories, but it was indeed captivating.  I don't know about  you, but as I read about Trisha's ordeal, I really did feel like I was the  one lost in the woods.  It was hard for me to get beyond all those  mosquitos!  And, it would have to be just that way if you were truly lost  in the deep woods.  I found myself pulling for Trisha at every turn.  The  one thing I couldn't swallow was the fact that Trisha's parents could even  sleep at all the night she disappeared.  It takes all kinds.<br />Be sure to  read this book and enjoy it like I did.
6305177473|5.0|The original Paren Trap will always remain a true classic from my childhood, but this 1998 re-make was very well done and suprisingly better than the original!  Clever special effects, glossy production, lush  exteriors, and a great soundtrack make this movie a treat for the entire  family to watch over and over again.  The casting of Joanna Barnes as  &quot;Vicky&quot; was a brilliant decision and she looked great after all  these years. Hats off to Disney for actually making a re-make that  works!!!!  Enjoy!
0800184327|5.0|This movie is so sexy (but without any rauch) and Rafael is dreamy and oh so sweet (How I wish MEN like him really did exist). This IS how romance should be. And the dancing was absolutely superb. Not since &quot;Seven  Brides for Seven Brothers&quot; I have been inspired to get up and dance  for the absolute sheer joy of it. Don't miss this one!
0790736039|1.0|A T E R R I B L E  H O R R O R  M O V I E! I E X P E C T M O R E  F R O M  S T E P H E N K I N G.
0684867621|1.0|Lost me after the first 25 pages.  Skimmed about 20 pages more, then gave it back to the library.  No dialogue, just thoughts going through a little girls head while she get lost in the woods.  Big disappointment...
0780624890|5.0|A TECHNO SOUNDTRACK, PLENTY OF GORE, VIOLENCE,BLOODSUCKING,PROFANITY, HORROR THEMES,NASTINESS and WESLEY KICKING THE LIVING  %^&amp;* OUT OF PLENTY OF VAMPIRES WITH MARTIAL ARTS&lt; SWORDS,GUNS,BLADE'Z, AND SYRUMS (  YOU'RE GONNA LOVE THIS MOVIE VAMPIRE MANIACS!!!!!!)
B000002572|4.0|Boston was an odd experiment in perfectionism, perhaps taken a bit too far. There's nothing wrong with doing it right, but this kind of finicky obsessiveness (much boasted about in all of Boston's sleeve notes) tends to  rob the music of a little bit of heart. Mostly these songs are of  impeccable quality, and &quot;Hitch a Ride&quot; remains my favorite.  &quot;Rock and Roll Band&quot; is kind of annoying in its smugness.
6300263673|5.0|This captures the feeling of tough 60s teens from the Northeast where I grew up...from their seductiveness and beauty to dwelling on problems with resolves of typical shortsightedness - it's all here. The older sister is  my underground hero - I entertain my family with HER dancing.  This is my  #1 movie to watch... and after I lost everything to fire last fall, this  WAS the first video replaced. Jennifer Gray really pulled it off with this  one...
630512065X|5.0|I never thought that I could be moved by a musical before.  I always thought that I was a bang-bang shoot-em-up movie kind a guy.  Well, Cats opened my eyes.  I have never gone through such a range of emotions before  I saw this video. If I knew that I could make people feel this way just by  dancing, maybe I would have chosen a different path in life.   Incredible!!!! I am now making plans to see the play in New York.  I live  in North Carolina so it isn't easy, but I will do it.  I have been to the  Wintergarden Theatre long ago to see &quot;Beatlemania&quot;.  25 years  later and I am going back.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader was an interesting read.  It was a bit short, but I don't think that the story could have been stretched out any further.  It tackled important issues about life and love. However, if readers feel that they  cannot overcome the concept of an adolescent being with a woman in her  mid-thirties, perhaps they should stay away from this book.  But hopefully,  the age difference is not a deterrant for people because it is a  well-written book.
6302897270|3.0|This film caused quite a stir when it came out, but with the passage of time one has to ask why. Kim Basinger's devotion to Mickey Rourke never seems very believable, while for much of the movie he seems to be parodying  his own part. One thing that can be said in its favor is that it captures  the atmosphere of New York much better than most films. Also, even if Miss  Basinger's striptease is pretty ludicrous, the video is almost worth  getting just to listen to Joe Cocker's &quot;You Can Leave Your Hat  On&quot;. As for the fruit scene, well, it must have been more fun acting  in it than it is watching it.
B000002BYD|5.0|As you can see, the average customer opinion of this cd is 5 stars.  Okay?  They can't all be wrong.<br />Critics bashed the hell out of this cd saying that grunge and pure rock was dead.  Well, let me tell you something,  they're wrong!<br />I was waiting in line for a midnight release party the  night this cd was released and was I ever so glad that I did. I got no  sleep at all that night--even though I had a test the next day--because  this cd demanded my total attention, and I let Yield have it.<br />So Good.   Pearl Jam's best work.  I've been a huge fan ever since Ten, but they've  never satisfied me like they way they did here.<br />I saw them on July 5 in  Dallas and even though Rodman was there, this was still the best concert  that I've been to.  These songs are just as great live as on cd.<br />Just buy  it.  You won't regret it.
6300163431|3.0|Yes, the film conveys the atmosphere of the early 1950s quite well, and the plot unfolds nicely enough. But all the rats in gutters and the constant rainfall in New Orleans seem a bit overdone, not to mention the  blood dripping from a ceiling for no apparent reason. Why is it that Mickey  Rourke often seems to be parodying rather than acting his character parts?  Robert de Niro does his best to avoid parody in playing the devil, but in  the end the essential frivolousness of the storyline defeats even him.
B000002AZ8|5.0|This is Pearl Jam's 3rd cd.  It didn't captivate me as much as Ten did, but still marvelous in its own right.<br />My favorite PJ song of all is on this cd, Immortality.  And I know my PJ.  I have about 15 PJ cd's.<br />The  only disappointing thing about this cd is the last song,  heyfoxymophandlemommathatsme.<br />Get it anyway.
6304132271|3.0|When I first saw this film, I was in Madrid, Spain, and I found it just about as shocking as anything I had seen in 20 years of movie-watching. My partner said she was utterly disgusted and never wanted to watch it or  anything like it ever again. Three years later, we decided to have another  look, and neither of us was particularly shocked or disgusted at all. We  just thought that the plot was nothing special and the ending was  unconvincing. Which goes to show, movies that specialize in shocking  viewers tend not to last as well as movies that concentrate on the basics -  good scripts, interesting plots, and an atmosphere that isn't laid on with  a trowel.
1878424114|5.0|My life was, quite simply, meaningless: an endless round of gettin' up in the mornin' and goin' to bed in the evenin' before I read Mr. Chopra's work. I'm not much of a reader (wife says so), but this book is  life-changing--lifestyle changing and mind-set changing. Utilize its wisdom  (and be motivated by excellence), and I promise (along with Mr. Chopra)  success.
6304602979|4.0|Like &quot;Reservoir Dogs&quot; and &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot;, this movie has several stomach-churning scenes and an awful lot of bad language mixed in with uproarious gangster comedy. Gary Oldman takes the prize as the most  outrageous and unpleasant pimp ever depicted on screen. Especially  memorable is the scene in which Dennis Hopper, playing a decent retired  cop, explains to Christopher Walken, a Sicilian crime chief, his theory  about the negroid origins of Sicilians. The movie has the familiar  Tarantino ending in which everyone finishes up pointing a gun at each  other, but it's handled rather more convincingly than in &quot;Reservoir  Dogs&quot;. The music's very catchy.
B00000IFWE|5.0|It's simply great rock n roll....all TP&amp; the HB fans gotta have this CD. &quot;Won't Last Long&quot; kicks ass!
6305075352|5.0|Gene Hackman and the rest of the cast excel in this stark and utterly gripping portrayal of the FBI's crackdown on racism in Mississippi. It is far from 100 per cent historically accurate, but name me a film that is. In  any event, it captures the mood of the times well enough. Some may not be  comfortable with its suggestion that the FBI had to emulate the racists'  thuggery in order to defeat them. But surely the main point is that the  movie's overall message is uncompromisingly in favor of tolerance and a  shared humanity.
B00000F1D3|4.0|this is to the person that talked about the vh1 divas being stupid and cher sucking.....miami beach april 16)i dont think you know what you are talking about and if all those divas werent any good then they wouldnt have  sold as much as they have and have a show made up for them...you obviously  lack something when it comes to having a good ear for music and i dont  think it is fair for you to judge them all when i guarranty that you havent  heard all of those artists albums....you dont like them so how would you  have given them the time to listen to them to know if you like them or not?    cher is an icon in the music industry and she has made it when all others  havent.  so take a class in music education and give everyone a chance.  i  bet not everyone likes your music choices.
0790701251|5.0|Kubrick proves that he is a under-rated director. Modine proves he can be a great actor. This film really kicks ass. Great stuff. The battle sequences are strong and visual, and the Marine training scenes are  shocking and amusing. A must-watch for any film fan.
6300208699|5.0|A movie about the nasty little truths we all work so hard to deny, but still feel so amused when anothers are exposed. Each scene brings out what we all think is below us but succumb to as greed wins out. The last  segement(The USS Magic Christian) should awake us to where our reality is  based, and on how non-open minded we often are. Of all the fantastic stars  in this movie, I am stil surprised how many have never even heard of it. I  have introduced it to alot of my friends and still enjoy their shock at who  appears. If you haven't seen it make sure to settle in before it starts, it  has a very important lead-in as the credits roll, without which the rest of  the story becomes hard to follow.
0451524780|3.0|Another astounding story of the great Sherlock Holmes. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle composed a well-written novel that is one of teh better mysteries I've read.  Some parts of the book can definitely be cut down.  This 170  page novel could be cut to a 100 page novella.  Good action and critical  thinking solutions make this novel very interesting.
B0000004F9|5.0|It's impossible to choose one or another record. Both of them are excellent. So, take all of them in a single package!!! Wise investiment. You won't gonna regret.
0553278223|4.0|Ray Bradbury did an excellent job in this collection of short stories.  Each story written at different periods of his career reflect human emotions and the human urge to explore.  Definitely not meant to be read as  a novel though.  It is one of the best eerie works of fiction I've read.   Especially good stories were &quot;-and the moon be still as bright&quot;  and &quot;the martian.&quot;  Bradbury has similar stories like the  Illustrated Man and Dandelion Wine.
0679731725|4.0|Stevens, the perfect professional butler, devotes his exemplary career to the service of an English Lord who, assisted by Stevens, rises high in the service of his country in the 1930's as an advocate of international peace  and understanding. Unfortunately, the Lord's popular policy of appeasing  Nazi Germany ultimately leads to disaster. Stevens is thus left to meditate  on whether his life had any purpose. He is left mouthing platitudes about  the importance of setting an example of professionalism to other butlers,  which the author implies is just pathetic rationalization.<br />The problem is  that Ishiguro misses the key point that a real Stevens would have  understood: Very few can accurately discern the future course of global  events; rare statemen like Churchill are, by definition, rare. But the rest  of us can contribute in other ways: for example, by setting an example of  professionalism in our particular career for others to aspire to. After  all, although Stevens happened to be employed by this Chamberlain-like  figure, he could just as easily have been Churchill's butler. And then he  would have been celebrated as the butler whose selfless devotion helped  Churchill save the world. That it didn't happen that way was pure chance,  but that Stevens did the best he could within the circumstances he was  dealt to set a sterling example for other professional servants to emulate  (such as Churchill's own much-abused staff) redounds to Stevens' credit.  Clearly, Stevens lead a worthy and honorable life.<br />That Ishiguro blows it  at the end should not distract too much from the novel's many delightful  qualities. However, if you are looking for a similar novel of equal  virtues, but with a more sensible and unconventional moral view, try John  Derbyshire's &quot;Seeing Calvin Coolidge in a Dream.
078322706X|5.0|Meet Joe Black looked kinda stupid in the previews, I know. But it was great. It made me scream, cry, laugh, and (of course) drool over Brad Pitt. It's an interesting story and, although it's really long, it's worth it.  But buy it later once it's not so freakin expensive.
B00000IFWE|3.0|Not his best work, but much better than some recent efforts (She's the One comes to mind).  Room at the Top and Free Girl Now and Swingin' are great.  My only problem is that most of his &quot;rockers&quot; now all sound the  same (e.g. they're all in the mold of You Wreck Me).  Here's looking for a  little more diversity next time.
0380973642|5.0|I should point out first that (a) I've been Neil's friend for many years, and therefore not without bias, and (b) some of these stories I've read several times before.  However, due to various health problems, I have been  spending a lot of time in a series of doctor's waiting rooms for months  now, and Smoke and Mirrors has been my book of choice for resisting lure of  six month old issues of Field and Stream.  I have read it from start to  finish, resisting the strong temptation to flip forward to the stories I  hadn't read, savoring each offering as I would a course in a lavish meal  (and considering I'm on a diabetic's diet that's more savoring than I'm  allowed in the traditional sense).  It's been an unalloyed pleasure.  And  yesterday, while waiting for my endcrinologist to check me over, I finished  the last story.  <br />I rationed myself on this book, but you don't have to.   If you only know Gaiman from Neverwhere or his Sandman comics, this is a  chance to see the full range of his writing chops, which are formidable.  I  defy anyone to find me a better story this side of Nathaniel West about the  mythical land of Hollywood than &quot;The Goldfish Pool and Other  Stories.&quot;  I cannot think of a more bizarre marriage than the melding  of epic poetry and bikini bimbos that is Baywolf.  I heard the ghost of  Peter Cook at my ear in &quot;Shoggoth's Old Peculiar.&quot;  I took  inordinate pleasure in reading &quot;Snow, Glass, Apples&quot; aloud to a  group of my son's friends, and watching them laugh uneasily.<br />There is a  wealth of fine storytelling here, a veritable trove of style and substance,  passion and pastiche, wit and bite and vision and venom.  The art of the  short story is in excellent hands.
B000001IMX|5.0|I first heard this album when I was 15,am 30 now, and was instantly thinking if I had a band it would sound like this.Old school skatecore, before Mike Muir turned into Ozzy,you gotta like it!
B000002H2H|5.0|This is the best Metallica album, every song is good, and they all have a different sound. Almost all the songs have a sieres of different sounds, and the acoustic guitar on Fight fire with fire, and fade to black was  awesome. An excellent pick for anyone who enjoys metal.
0684867621|4.0|Stephen King tends to wander from every day reality in most of his novels, however &quot;The Girl That Loved Tom Gordon&quot; is a thrilling adventure of a circumstance that could happen to any one of us. As a reader you  become engrossed in every step the little girl makes.  I loved it!
6304808038|5.0|now, this is my type of movie, it's excellent, the script is strong, the acting is extraordinary and just when you think it's over, the whole situation changes...Of course, Laurence Olivier is the icing on the cake in  this movie. I just wish they released it in dvd zone two for us in europe  as well!!!
0780624890|5.0|What can I say? this is an action film if ever I saw one, great opening scene and an even better ending, Wesley Snipes showed his Kung Fu expertise and Stephen Dorff made an worthy adversary. The direction and editing were  slick and smart and the special effects were good too. Overall a  mindblowing experience and an roller coaster ride, a bit weak on the story  side but in the words of Clark Gable 'Frankly my dear I don't give a  damn.'. (In terms of extra features this is the best DVD i've got, the  commentry by hte producer, director, writer and stars is amazing to hear  while your watching the film ...not to metion the other great features on  the DVD.)
6304288433|5.0|For about a year after my first viewing of H2 in 1986, I never would have been able to visit a hospital after-hours without an irrepressible sense of dreading what might be lurking around every corner!  13 years and many  desensitizing viewings later, I would like to say that H2 is one of the  very best horror/suspense sequels out there today!  It has excellent  continuity with its predecessor, but with a more spookier John Carpenter  score, a more mystery-laden plot, a creepier-looking mask for Michael  Myers, and a higher body-count than in most of the &quot;Halloween&quot;  movies!  Michael is still the nearly-invincible killing machine who has a  panoply of weapons at his disposal in this gore-ridden installment (butcher  knives, scapels, medical syringes, a hammer, and even a scalding-hot  hydrotherapy pool).  The hospital sets greatly aid in evoking a sense of  trepidation and insecurity for the audience.  Michael could be anywhere at  any time hidden in the dark shadows of the Haddonfield Memorial Hospital's  many rooms and corridors ready to strike!  The chase-sequence between him  and Jaime Lee Curtis is probably the only time I still feel some terror  after so many viewings of H2.  That dark, red-lit hospital basement they  run down to (coupled with the newly synthesized chase music) would give any  unsuspecting first-time viewer nightmares for a week!  It turned out that  director Rick Rosenthal had a great affinity for the grim, obscure  sentiment portrayed in German Expressionist art.  He used this ideology,  coupled with John Carpenter and Debra Hill's script saavy, to make the  dimly-lit hospital sets accentuate Michael's demonic aura.  Also, hearing  the cheery classic song &quot;Mr. Sandman&quot; in H2's beginning and end  credits makes a stark contrast to the blood-curdling macbre inflicted by  the wrath of Myers! Great performances by Donald Pleasance and by the  &quot;Scream Queen&quot; Jaime Lee Curtis in their original roles of Dr.  Sam Loomisand Laurie Strode.  <br />H2 is a trick-or-treater's horror film  delight all year around, despite what those pompous critics thought back in  1981!  If you love it like I do, get yourself the soundtrack CD and  possibly the Widescreen edition for more scares!
0812931017|5.0|Excellent book which incorporates the birth and survival of a big business along with a CEO who lives on the edge.
B000002NFM|5.0|This is a great CD.  If you like techno or heavy metal, &quot;Fat of the Land&quot; will also be to your liking.  This is a new heavier sound for The Prodigy which I think is the most orginal sound I've heard in years.   Because of this CD's sucess: artist should never be afraid of trying new  mind-expanding ideas in the world of music.  By far the best The Prodigy  has to offer!
0451191153|5.0|I've been through Faulkner I have a working knowledge of Stephan King I know Moby Dick I'm on a first name basis with Will Shakespeare and I write my own poems and I worship Dr. Ike (Asimov) like a demigod<br />But  Fountainhead is one of the most moving and powerful, intelligent and  entertianing novels I have ever encountered.<br />It WILL change the way you  think, if not the way you believe
0140283587|5.0|&quot;extremely funny&quot; - the sunday times<br />First time since ages since I really scared people because of my sudden busts of laughs while reading a book :)<br />This is a great satire...
0792151712|5.0|The Titanic is one of the best James Cameron movies.  I would recommend it to kids over 7.  Jack and Rose are very good actors.
0767802772|3.0|Hmm, let me see. Post-yuppie Matthew Perry learns the meaning of love, life, and signs through exotically spiritual, border-crossing, unconcerned-with-making-money, pregnant Selma Hayek, and this makes for  (dare I say it!) acceptable interracial romance. Sorry, folks, but the  Mexicans here are still loud, Catholic, superstitious, and ominously  protective of their women. My favorite scene is when Hayek's family takes  over the Perry-Hayek home and redecorates it with bright colors and crosses  (not to mention a suspiciously Taco-Bell like chihuahua). Still worth  seeing, however, as an exercise in cultural anthropology.
0783211856|5.0|Everything about this film is perfect and unbeatable.  THE Last word on holocaust films and films in General the finest directors finest achievment
0790729989|2.0|As many have said before, Seven is a great movie.<br />Unfortunately, Seven is also an extremely poor DVD.  Not only is the disc a flipper, requiring you to turn the disc over mid-film, it includes absolutely no extras.   Granted this disc was produced in a time when RSDL-capable mastering plants  were scarce, but that is not the case now.  There is absolutely no reason  why a disc of such poor quality is allowed to remain on the market
6300213668|5.0|Grease is a very good musical comedy.  John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John were very, very, very good actors like Leonardo Di Caprio and Kate Winslet in the Titanic.
0684867621|5.0|While fans of horror author Stephen King may be disappointed with this mainstream novel of wilderness adventure and survival, fans of Stephen King, just plain author, ought to get a big kick out of it.  Taking off his  Master of the Macabre hat and taking a more than healthy dose of Gary  Paulsen pills, King delivers a short, sharp tale of suspense without  resorting to the usual genre trappings.  No killers, no spooks, just a nine  year old girl pitting herself against the environment.  I loved it, and  couldn't put it down.  It's the first King novel that could be made into a  really good Disney kids movie with almost no alterations (maybe cutting  some of the language), and it's great.
6304578458|5.0|I saw this movie on a Tuesday and then every day for the next week.  It was more than witty, more than funny and more than brilliant!  It's been a long time since we have seen anything fabulously original from Hollywood.   John Cusack has confirmed my long held belief - he is a genius!  We need  more movies like this!  Excellent in every way and only capable of getting  better with every viewing.  I should know, I've seen it more times than I  care to reveal!
0783230710|5.0|The story is simply great. Regarding the sound, this was my first DTS DVD and I was really astonished by the quality delivered by this disc. Every single detail of the soundtrack can be heard (I.e the buzz of the  electronic components in the LEM module can be heard), transitions between  all the speakers are smooth and powerful. Much much better than the AC-3  soundtrack. I recommend DTS to everybody. The bad point: there are not  enough title yet in DVD.
B0000025HU|5.0|4 vynil and 2 CD copies later it's becoming obious to me that this is the best Rock'n'Roll record ever made. Not the best punk, reggae. etc. Just Rock'n'Roll. This LP pulsates with energy, rythm and everything else Little  Richards ever promised us. Welcome to Garageland. Wrong'em Boyo
B00000F1D3|3.0|Cher is back to Brazilian trendy night clubs with the song &quot;Believe.&quot; Two or three other tracks are also very good and that's all. Other songs are just a repetition of melodies... Buy it if you  like &quot;Believe!&quot;
6304994540|1.0|Having loved Barton Fink, I was looking forward to something amazing! I didn't get it! I couldn't understand what all the fuss was about! But then, we can't all like the same thing. I gave it one star for Jeff Bridges.  Usual his presence would guarantee at least a 2 star rating, but he wasn't  exactly lust material in this.
B000007OY0|5.0|I originally was told about this movie by a friend who was in awe at the fact that I hadn't seen it yet.  &quot;You will never be the same again,&quot; she said.  &quot;Oh, Please,&quot; I thought.  It had been  ages since I had seen a movie that was OVERALL superb.  My friend was  right.  This movie has a message about hope, freedom, and the will to  survive in the midst of hardship.  HOPE.  That was the message intended and  that was given.  Morgan Freeman was superb.  His performance was Oscar  worthy, and Tim Robbins was his best since The Player.  This movie is tough  to watch at times, but its message alone makes it worth seeing it.
B000002W3R|5.0|I remember getting this album as I turned seven years old.  Elvis was still alive and touring at the time.  This was my second album - the first being his original greatest hits - so everything n the album was new to me.  Tracks that stood out were &quot;Let Me Be There,&quot; &quot;Way  Down,&quot; &quot;Moody Blue,&quot; and the best version of &quot;Pledging  My Love&quot; I've ever heard.  Granted, for hardcore Elvis fans, much of  this material had been released before, but for me - it was one heck of a  good album.
B000001FKF|5.0|I have always loved Bon Jovi . I like the older stuff. <br />I was wondering if anyone has heard the slow version of &quot;Living On A Prayer&quot;. If anyone has , where can I get a copy? I heard this version about four years  ago and fell in love with it. I moved and lost the tape. I really want to  find it and no one has heard of it or carries it. <br />Please help.
B000002UVX|5.0|I've had Jimi Hendrix's Band of Gypsies album for about a month now and I just can't seem to stop listening to it. I did buy Live at the Fillmore East before this one, but I find Band of Gypsies to be slightly better.  Every song on the CD is simply amazing, the centerpiece of course being  Machine Gun. But I also really like Who Knows and Them Changes. They're  probably my two other favorites on the CD. Anyone who likes Hendrix, or  great guitar playing in general, should get this CD. <br />'Experienced'  Hendrix fans should also pick up the Live at the Fillmore East 2-CD set to  hear more from those great Fillmore concerts. And of course the Woodstock  album is a must for any Hendrix fan.
067942850X|5.0|Jon Krakauer portrays the life of a young man with a dream to go &quot;Into the Wild&quot;.  This book was an amazing portrayal of just this.  After writing an article skimming the topic in an issue of the  &quot;Outdoor&quot;  Magazine, he was moved, and decided to recreate the  life of this man.  He researched through family, and friends of John  McCandless.  And succeded in putting all of the gathered knowledge into one  horrifically true novel.  This is truly a great read.
B000001DYD|2.0|Ok. I will admit that the first time that I came into contact with Harvey's music was with Is This Desire. I was blown away and thought that it was brilliant. Obviously I had to try her older work, so I got Rid Of  Me. What a disappointment! I know that other reviewers have commented that  they enjoy the sound on this CD, but I think it is terrible. It is  overwhelmimgly repetitive, not even vaguely aesthetically noisy and  impossible for me to listen to.......and believe me...I have tried a few  times to get into it....with absolutely no success. the only reason i gave  it 2 stars is because it is PJ and maybe this paved the way for a work of  pure genius...ie...Is This Desire. Well, time now for me to rid myself of  this
B00000IIXH|3.0|&quot;The Promise&quot; is a great song, and it's great to see it finally released, but the version released here is certainly not the best.  &quot;The Fever&quot; is also a great song, and this version is excellent.   &quot;Trouble River&quot; wasn't worth releasing.  The extracts from  &quot;Tracks&quot; are a mixed bag.
B000002HRE|5.0|This is the best album yet. FUEL ROCKS!!
B000005JJA|5.0|Great Soundtrack - The lead in from the choir singing Psalm 121 to Pats guitar syth lead into Flight Of The Falcon &quot;is classic.&quot; Pedro Aznar does the vocals on this project and does a beautiful job throughout  in the true Pat Metheny Group style. Steve Rodby conducts the National  Philharmonic Orchestra for the orchestrations (not Pat &amp; Lyle - sorry  James). But in agreement with James Green on the rest, this soundtrack can  stand alone without any connection to a movie. The unlikely pairing of The  Metheny Group and David Bowie on &quot;This Is Not America&quot; produces  an excellant and memorable collaboration. Highly Recommended!
B000000WF9|5.0|The movie, the music, outstanding.<br />The best movie no one knows about...and that makes it better.
0385493800|1.0|Troy Phelan's plot to get his last testament executed the way he wanted it was mildly interesting, but there were hundreds of pages left after that.  No suspense thriller, this.<br />I've read all the reviews and have to wonder:  Many of the 5-star raves sound like they were written by Grisham's  publicist or publishing house.  I'd advise readers to take these online  reviews with a grain of salt.  I loaned my copy of The Testament to other  Grisham fans, all of whom were 1) disappointed and 2) relieved they hadn't  bought it.
B000002BE9|4.0|I lie in an early bed/ thinking late thoughts/ waiting for the black to replace my blue/ I do not struggle in your web/ because it was my aim to get caught...To think a teenager penned such lyrics puts to shame much of  the mindless songs that are presently written.
0789302691|5.0|What's great about this book is that it's actually from the band, so you get to see these great unpublished photos that were selected by the guys themselves. It's so much more personal then all the other wannabes out  there. A must for all true Pearl Jam fans.  I should also mention that's  it's really good-looking--a great packaging job.
B0000057C5|4.0|Rammstein is industrial with a pretty good helping of heavy-metal.  They remind me quite a bit of Ministry, but the German lyrics make it even more disturbing than Al Jourgenson's twisted raving.  Once translated the lyrics  lack subtlety, but the content of their words isn't where Rammstein is  strong.  Their guitars are phenomenal, their drums gut-shaking, their  keyboard work absolutely splendid, their vocals demonic, and their bass  truly ear-blasting.  All together, Rammstein is a sonic cocktail of raw  anger.  Their music vibrates every molecule in your body and projects you  onto a plane of pure rage, allowing you to vent all that pent-up bile from  all the little things in life that really get to you, leaving you feeling  cleansed.  Truly wonderful for fans of the heavy.  Tracks to give a special  listen to: Tier, Buck Dich, Alter Mann, Kuss Mich
B00000IPAX|5.0|I know that the cd isn't out yet but I had to wright a review for them because I know blink, and this will be a great album, and besides I'm one of their biggest fans. The song &quot;What's my age again&quot; is out on  the radio and it's great.
B000002C2E|5.0|This is Bob Dylan's best--bar none!  The words hit you in the gut, lay you flat on the floor and don't let up for 70+ minutes.  Best of the decade?  If there's justice.
B00000AFWW|1.0|First, she had Kurt Cobain write Live Through This, now she had Billy Corgan write Celebrity Skin. How long do we, the intelligent people, have to wait before everyone sees that she killed her husband? Courteny Love is  a liar, a poser, and evil for depriving the world of such a beautiful  person. Let's not let her get away with it. Let's not give her the  attention she so craves. I'd rather her fade from sight than burn out.
0783233477|2.0|Long, drawn out dialogs.  Tedious and inconsitant melodrama.  Ranks right up there with &quot;Legends of the fall&quot; for stark, empty performances.  This is not a romance.  It's just drama for the sake of  drama.  Devoid of substance, lack of palatable characters, dragging on and  on.  With no one to empathize with you are left without any payoff after  having sat through 3 hours of drivel.  A contrived speech by Hopkins in the  last 5 minutes leaves you shaking your head and wondering why they even  bothered.  It was spurned at the box-office for good reason.  No merit.  Save your money.
0800141709|5.0|Whenever I find myself talking with friends about movies, I think that &quot;Strangelove&quot; is invariably the one movie which I end up telling others that they just really MUST see. It seems that every time I watch it,  I pick up something I hadn't noticed before. Peter Sellers gives one (or  better put, three?) of the great performances in movie history.  &quot;Strangelove&quot; is a work of great daring and absolute genius.
6302508878|5.0|Hit \\"pause\\" during the Kong-Allosaurus fight sequence just as Kong back-flips his opponent, and as you advance one frame at a time you'll get a look \\"behind the scenes;\\" three frames of film clearly  reveal supporting rods holding the stop-motion figures in position for  animating. Hardly a lapse, since movie audiences could scarcely perceive  something so fleeting. In fact, sophistication of filmgoers hadn't advanced  all that much since OBie fooled a Magicians Society meeting a decade  earlier - people couldn't grasp the fact that they were watching small  models. In the March 13, 1933 issue of Time magazine, a scale-impaired  writer reports that King Kong was made with the aid of a robot 50 feet tall  with \\"eyes as big as tennis balls.\\" The very next month, Modern  Mechanix and Inventions dutifully reported that Kong was a normal size  actor in an ape costume; an animated series of photos were later cut into  the hand of the ape to give the illusion of carrying Fay Wray. Much later,  the Chicago Sun Times wrote that an actor named Ken Roady \\"really is  King Kong.\\" \\"I worked on that picture for more than a year, made  $150 a week and never could get along with either Fay Wray or Robert  Armstrong. They never realized how important I was to them, I guess,\\"  Roady explained.<br />- JOHN MICHLIG, author of IT CAME FROM BOB'S BASEMENT
6302610702|5.0|Movies just don't get any better than this. The Godfather is quite likely the best American movie of the past 50 years, and merits serious consideration as the best EVER. One truly must experience it for oneself.  Part II is even grander in scope and more ambitious than the first film,  although perhaps not quite as riveting to watch. But I would hardly make  that a genuine criticism.  As for Part III, well...even Ted Williams struck  out once in a while.
B00000IL67|3.0|Back in High School we took a road trip to see Alice bring the Billion Dollar Baby tour to  Milwaukee. It still remains one of the most vivid concert experiences in my life. A combo of rock and theater that has never  been matched. That was a long time ago and with hesitation I picked up the  box set. The good news is that most of best material has remained fresh 25  years on. But I also remembered why the later albums became less  enjoyable...they seemed  to veer more toward metal than the hard  melodic  rock sound that the vintage lps owned. But the high points of the later  work are here, Hey Stoopid, Man Behind the Mask, Trash, From The Inside.  The material from Love It To Death, Killer, Schools Out, Billion Dollar  Babies, Muscle of Love and Welcome To My Nightmare represent quite a run.  Rock doesn't get much better than that. It's nice hearing Alice's old snarl  again...and also realize that all was done with tongue firmly in cheek.  That sense of humor is what is lacking in today's pretenders.
B000002ULO|5.0|This is his best album since Tug of War. Sure, there are a couple of crappy songs like Used to Be Bad and the better than Sominex Somedays. Beautiful Night is a bit grandiose. However, there are lots and lots of  great songs on this album that far outweight the rubbish.<br />Songs like The  Song We Were Singing, The World Tonight, Young Boy, Calico Skies, Flaming  Pie, Heaven On A Sunday, Souvenir, and Great Day are all excellent and  strong songs. The jam Really Love You - featuring Ringo on the drums, is a  fun song. <br />I believed McCartney had lost his touch after the dreadfully  hideous Off the Ground, but this album proves that he's still got it, as  long as he brings in people to help out on the album who aren't afraid to  tell him when one of his songs is a piece of trash.
B00000BKDZ|2.0|That pretty much sums it up.  Dorky lyrics and bland music really killed this one.  I bought this one the day it came out, still have the tape.  I listen to it about once a year at the most.  I've long since worn out my  other Maiden tapes and replaced them with CDs but this one won't ever get  replaced. Up the Irons!
0684867621|5.0|The images were so vivid, it was a well told story with feelings anyone can relate to.  I have enjoyed Stephen King for years, and he just keeps getting better!!!!
0441003257|1.0|Despite an attempt to emulate the Douglas Adams style of humor, this book is just not funny.  It drags, it lags and it becomes more of a chore than anything else.  I love Gaiman and Pratchett's writing when they're solo.  Here it simply doesn't work. I reviewed the book when it came under  consideration for a film and I think it would be as unfunny on screen as it  is in print.
6302158249|5.0|Dire Straits has gone through many stages as a band. This video is a fabulous example of the bands sound, quality, professionalism, and grace shown at the Hammerstein Odeon in 1983.  This is set in the period after  their smashing debut album, and just before the 20 million selling Brothers  in Arms.  These are the two albums that most fans are familiar with.  I,  for one am a huge Dire Straits fan, and have listened to the band for 13  years now.  The concert concentrates on Knopfler's incredible guitar work  which shows on such compositions as &quot;Once Upon a Time in the  West&quot;  and &quot;Wild Theme--Local Hero.&quot;  The music is strong  and solid, always taking you in and immersing you in a visual display of  rock at its absolute best.  Vintage country music is also an obvious  influcence to Dire Straits' sound, and is shown in  Two Young Lovers, the  only song they play off of the now discontinued EP, Extendance E Play.  I  strongly advise you to purchase the video and soundtrack to this live  experience.  The quality of this band is unsurpassed by most any band  before or since.
B00000DF6O|5.0|My wife and I grew up in east Texas and as youngsters heard blues music as a part of our daily lives.  I didn't know how much I missed the words, rhythm and motivation of blues until I heard this cd.  It was like a  flashback to early childhood and a much simpler day and time for this  world.  We have thoroughly enjoyed each selection of this fine cd and  listen to it daily.  It just has that sound that gets you moving and often  gives you a chuckle to hear and feel the words.  B. B. King has given us a  lot of musical enjoyment with this cd and we plan to buy more blues cds to  add to this one.
B00000IFWE|4.0|TP gives us a more mellow, folk-like album this time around.  There's not as much rock as I would have liked, but still a great album.  It seems with old age, comes a softer side.  Still, this album resembles some of his  early work that started his great career.  Full Moon Fever and Greatest  Hits are the best two albums to buy to hear his best, but this should be in  any TP fans' collection.  If its just to listen to Room at the Top, Free  Girl Now, Accused of Love and Echo, this album is a must buy!!! Rock on  Tom!
B000009ED0|5.0|This is one of the best albums I've heard. Get it, I don't see how anyone couldn't like it, all the songs are good!
630512065X|5.0|In the video, Cats, John Partridge was wonderful not to mention he has a eautiful booty. He is Rum Tum Tugger. Buy it and watch him shake it. If you like Tim Curry, you'd love John Partridge. The whole video was spectacular.  -Amanda
0553278223|5.0|I think that all of Bradbury's books that I have read are fantastic! Bradbury has a way of telling every little detail. This book was my favorite book of all time. I have currently read it for a third time. And I  still feel like I'm on Mars interacting with the Martians. I am also  reading now &quot;Illustrated Man&quot; which is also great so far.
0393317552|5.0|Besides putting forth a compelling thesis (as to the origins of the world's haves and have-nots), Diamond's book is full of interesting facts from a variety of academic fields.  (Every night in bed I'd say, &quot;Hey,  Ellen, listen to this...&quot; and share some obscure but fascinating  tidbit from zoology, epidemiology, linguistics, geography, paleontology,  etc.)  Diamond's treatment is admittedly broad-brush, but highly insightful  nonetheless.  If it is &quot;politically correct,&quot; that is because it  also happens to be...correct.
B000002UVZ|5.0|Listening to Murmur, Reckoning, Fables and Pageant really brings back the memories. The albums after Pageant seem to be of a more mature and less innocent REM (still excellent albums). I've talked to stock brokers,  doctors and others with me in the legal profession who can look back and  remember the words to every song on this album. A friend once told me when  I was down, &quot;we'll always have Life's Rich Pageant.&quot;  He was  right. It's nice to have a treasured album of such quality to which you can  always return.
0684867621|5.0|This book got my attention on the first page, and I could hardly put it down.  It is not a work of horror, like most people would expect, but instead it is a well told story.<br />Stephen King makes you feel like you  are in the woods right next to the main character the whole time.
B000000H4A|5.0|King Diamond rules ! This Cd is a classic
9996782514|5.0|I picked this book up with little prior knowledge, only that a friend had mentioned it in passing.  I can't believe how much I enjoyed this book.  I couldn't put it down.  The way it is written is so ture, so honest, and for  any of us who have ever traveled, so hauntingly real, it is a true  masterpiece.  I would truly advise reading this book - not only if you are  20- something with a sense of adventure, but for anyone who appreciates a  well written, moving story.  Garland really led me on a wonderful journey  through his words, and now I can't wait to pick up his next book.
0790729741|1.0|I wish I could get my money back from the theater because this movie sucked big time.  Not only can Micheal Jordan not play basketball but he can't act either.  If I could give it fewer than one star I would, as a  matter of fact they me stars for this piece of trash.
1572522232|5.0|I really enjoyed this. Visually it is impressive almost like fine art. The plot is sort of dumb but for the most part makes sense. Scary movie especially the scene near the end where the heroine discovers the Black  Queen in the cellar. Must be seen in wide screen uncut to enjoy it to it's  full effect. Best horror film I ever saw!
B00000IGGA|5.0|I find it too easy to label this album as a throwback to the &quot;Rain Dogs&quot;-era Waits.  Surely &quot;Big In Japan&quot; is somewhat reminiscent of &quot;Hang On St. Christopher&quot; from 87's &quot;Frank's  Wild Years&quot;, likewise &quot;What's He Building&quot; to  &quot;Dogs&quot;' &quot;9th &amp; Hennepin&quot;, etcetera.   &quot;Mule&quot; is less noisy than Waits last two albums, 1992's  death-obsessed &quot;Bone Machine&quot; (which featured some of his finest  work), as well as the torture-theater of 1993's vicious &quot;Black  Rider&quot;.  But it's no throwback.  In fact, if anyone has been lucky  enough to witness/hear his live performances post-Black Rider, in which he  was playing &quot;Good Night Irene&quot;, and the blues-flavored version of  &quot;Filipino Box Spring Hog&quot;, as well as his various folk and blues  appearances on such projects as &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;, &quot;The End  of Violence&quot; soundtracks, the Chuck E. Weiss blues album  &quot;Extremely Cool&quot;, &quot;Louise&quot; and Old Time Feelin'&quot;  from the Ramblin' Jack Elliot &quot;Friends Of Mine&quot; album, or his  contribution to the Kinky Friedman (re:folk) tribute &quot;Pearls In the  Snow&quot;, &quot;Mule&quot; seems a highly appropriate chapter in the  artistic growth of Waits.  Granted, he has spared us of much of the less  accessible (and some of the braver) elements of his last few studio  projects, as far back as &quot;Frank's Wild Years&quot;, but this is no  reason to see this album as a regression.  If anything, Waits has  progressed, both musically and lyrically.  Look at &quot;Hold On&quot;  compared to 85's &quot;Downtown Train&quot; or 80's &quot;Jersey  Girl&quot;.  The fact that Waits is album to say &quot;I miss your broken  china voice&quot; in a top-40 (if there were any justice) song says much  about his innate poetic sensibilities, as well as the level by which Waits  maintains his singular artistic gift.  The guy's a total pro.  Beyond  comparison, the album seems like innovative blues, well beyond &quot;Gun  Street Girl&quot; off the seminal &quot;Rain Dogs&quot;.  Consider  &quot;Get Behind the Mule&quot; or &quot;Chocolate Jesus&quot;, or the  tender &quot;Pony&quot; with John Hammond on mouthharp.  &quot;Cold  Water&quot;, &quot;Filipino Box Spring Hog&quot; and &quot;Big In  Japan&quot; are  fine blues stomps, the former a campfire sing-along gone  bad.  Waits is still able to further the bone and gristle (to some extent)  poetics of &quot;Bone Machine&quot; in &quot;House Where Nobody  Lives&quot;, &quot;Pony&quot; and the seminal &quot;Picture In a  Frame&quot;, the Leadbelly/Blind Willie Johnson-influenced &quot;Georgia  Lee&quot; or the impressively personal &quot;Take It With Me&quot;.  That  Waits is able to combine extraordinarily perceptive and personal lyrics  with some of the most innovative and original music in recent decades is a  tribute to his amazing talent and professional credibility.  I'd go so far  as to name him the premier songwriter of the latter half of the 20th  century.  He deepens things.  When the rubble clears . . . If you purchase  the LP version of this (and I suggest you do, for reasons of sound  quality), the 4th side (that's right - - - it's a double LP) is essential:   &quot;Georgia Lee&quot;, &quot;Filipino Box Spring Hog&quot; &quot;Take It  With Me&quot; and the gospel perfection of &quot;Come On Up To The  House&quot; drive it home and fix it a drink.
0790731452|5.0|Mars Attacks will probably go down in history as one of the greatest cult sci-fi movies of all times. It ranks right up there with The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Little Shop of Horrors, Dune etc etc. A must see for all with  a sense of humor and a love of Sci-fi
0380977281|5.0|This book didn't have the omph that Neverwhere did, but was more evenly drawn out with its stories and inner stories and such. I loved the imagery used and never failed to smile in reading this most fabulous novel.  Compared to Neverwhere (again) they would equal out with the number of  stars that I'd rate them. (oh and by the by...if you haven't read  Neverwhere and are reading this.....GO AND READ IT!!! yes, thats a direct  order)  Anyways, I give it two thumbs and toes up, with a enthusiastic  grin! Neil is truly a master....he chains me to his work!
B00000G3PA|4.0|A very enjoyable &quot;no brainer&quot; movie with great special effects, good humour and reasonable acting but let down by being a two sided DVD, there's nothing worse than getting into a film then having to get up and  turn the thing over!
B000001ZS3|4.0|If I am limited to buying only one CD from Jean Michel Jarre, this CD would be it.  The music is very complex and yet easy to listen to.  It was one of the best analog recording around at the time.  On a digital medium,  i.e. CD, its sound quality suffers when compared to newer  recordings.<br />This CD is a must for New Age fan.
B00000I924|3.0|Hey everybody, I'm a J.B. nut, but i was left a bit dissapointed. Many of the tunes were simply riffs played again and again while Jeff would tease us with some fill-ins. Declan is my favorite, very haunting indeed. Still  he is without a doubt my all time favorite. Im happy I got to see him play  and of course, he blew the audience away.... P.S. check out CRAZY-LEGS, now  there is some incredible playing real mind blowing blistering BECK!!!!!!!!!
0375707972|1.0|Has nobody noticed that Bernard Schlink gets away with a very smooth trick in these pages - never once mentions antisemitism as a cause of the holocaust? Incredible.
0783225547|5.0|The decade is almost over.  I think Dante's Peak is one of two of the best natural disaster movies of the 90s.  The other, of course, is Twister.  The movie is packed with awesome visual effects.  The DVD is packed with great  features especially a one hour documentary about the making of the movie.   Not only the movie is entertaining, it has its educational rewards, too.   Pierce Brosnan and the other scientists portrayed  true life professionals  about volcanos--what the signs are for an erruption and the do's &amp;  don'ts during the erruptions just like what Pierce had said to the kids in  their escape &quot;DON'T LOOK BACK&quot;.  This movie is great for the  whole family to enjoy.
0553108034|5.0|Martin is amazing. This story was even better than the first book. The character's aren't superhuman, they are people. This is something that fantasy in this troubled time lacks. I can't think of anything I disliked  about this book, the only problem I had was that it was perhaps too short.  This is fantasy as it should be , grity and real. Martin has surpased  almost every other author of fantasy with this. A song of ice and fire  dethrones J.R.R. and puts George on top ( not that tolkein even has a  chance up against this). Grade A fantasy, a must buy.<br />                             -Cliff
6305280762|5.0|The DVD is packed with special features.  If you already own Earthquake, the Poseidon Adventure and Airport 77 in DVD formats, your collection would not be complete without the Towering Inferno.  A collector's item for  disaster movie fans.
B000002UB6|3.0|OK, first of all, to the people that are trying to set the record straight by saying that &quot;The End&quot; on Abbey Road, NOT &quot;Get Back,&quot; was the Beatles' last song to the world, YOU'RE BOTH WRONG!  Have we  forgotten that &quot;Her Majesty&quot; was the last song on Abbey Road (the  Beatles' last recorded album)?  Speaking strictly from a track-sequence and  album-release-date point of view, &quot;Her Majesty&quot; was the Beatles'  last song.<br />So...enough of that.  I give Let It Be three stars simply  because the GOOD songs on the album are easily worth the album's price.   Still, there is some pretty slight stuff on this album, like &quot;Maggie  Mae,&quot; &quot;Dig It,&quot; and &quot;For You Blue&quot; (sorry George).   And the unmodified versions of &quot;Across The Universe&quot; and  &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot; on the Anthology CDs are superior to  the orchestrated, Phil-Spectorized versions on Let It Be.  Also, the single  version of &quot;Get Back&quot; is superior to Let It Be's version.  (The  song is just not the same without the &quot;high heels and low-neck  sweater&quot; part.)<br />But the album version of the song &quot;Let It  Be&quot; is MUCH superior to the single version.  (George's guitar solo and  Ringo's drumming are way out in front, which is great.)  And hey, it's the  Beatles, it's still good, and if you're reading this, you probably already  know that.
0553108034|1.0|Now, I've read a lot of George R.R. Martin's work, and loved it.  So, I eagerly anticipated his new series, only to be sorely disappointed.  There is NO sense of fantasy or wonder, no engaging with the characters, no  desire to keep on reading.  The book reads like a bad, disjointed history.   Give it a pass.
B000000W71|5.0|I have been looking for this cd for nine years, ever since I heard &quot;Still Got the Blues&quot; for the first time.  The moment he started that guitar solo, I fell in love.  If this CD doesn't make you smile and  yell out, no CD will.
0060245867|5.0|My daughter and I just love to read this book together. We turn each page with anticipation,(even though we have read it hundreds of times, and know the story by heart). This book is a great read along! I would recommend  that all children have a copy of this fun book.  It's my personal favorite.
0684867621|5.0|&quot;The Girl Who..... was one of my favorite King books so far!!!!  I started it on Wed. night and finished Fri. afternoon(I work 9 to 5). Trish talks like she's 40 and she's as smart as a whip!!!  This book was very  true-to-life. I just wish it was longer.  I hope for a sequel, or at least  another book that mentions this wonderfully smart creature!!!
6300151379|5.0|The acting, the music, the characters all mesh together so perfectly in this movie that it touches nearly everyone who sees it on some level.  There's humor, romance, heartbreak, adventure, all clean.  The female main  character is so poignantly perched on the verge of childhood/adulthood that  you can almost feel it yourself.  David Bowie is awesome as the Goblin King  and his songs set the tone of the movie. The entire cast of Jim Henson  characters are completely lovable, even the Horrible ones.  My favorites  are the worm, Ludo and the fairies that Hoggle sprays with fairy-cide.  Please, please, please forward all these requests to the studio so they  will re-release it both as a theater movie and a video.
B000002C4J|1.0|I loved Celine's Falling into You, but now I find her annoying, pretentious, verbearing, and nauseating.  What a ditz!  Titanic is the stupidest, worst CD and will someone tell Celine to shut up? The boat sank,  the guy died, get over it.  I'd say where she can go stick her heart, but  I'm not going to.  If you want really beautiful music, listen to the Goo  Goo Dolls.  If you want mindless screaming and kind of scary chest banging,  listen to Celine Dion.  But before you, do, take a moment and think about  your poor ears.
0679720200|5.0|This book certainly rings as true today as it did when it first came out, as our society produces more and more non-heroes like this, dulled to most everything. An important work of modern literature.
B000002C4J|1.0|I loved Celine's Falling into You, but now I find her annoying, pretentious, overbearing, and nauseating.  What a ditz!  Titanic is the stupidest, worst CD and will someone tell Celine to shut up? The boat sank,  the guy died, get over it.  I'd say where she can go stick her heart, but  I'm not going to.  If you want really beautiful music, listen to the Goo  Goo Dolls.  If you want mindless screaming and kind of scary chest banging,  listen to Celine Dion.  But before you, do, take a moment and think about  your poor ears.
6302798450|5.0|Man what a thrill ride, the cheesy special effects and great one liners bring me back to the days when movies didn't need 170 dollars to be good.  I loved this movie, there's not one scene I haven't memorized and with the  alternate endimg you too can see what happens when ash stays in the past to  lead his people, and marry shella.
B000002NJS|4.0|I LOVE MADONNAS NEW C.D. IT'S REALLY GREAT-- IT GOES GREAT WITH HER NEW IMAGE-- WAY TO GO MADONNA!!!
6305169187|1.0|This film is a waste:  It took millions of dollars, several actors and an actress who have done good work in past films, and two of Hollywood's most successful, if superficial, producers to make and what are the results?   The plot is not only idiotic but totally predictable, the perfomances are  laughingly bad and hammy, and even the special effects are boring.  The  entire film is more or less just a long Aerosmith video.   The worst thing  in this movie is Bruce Willis's speech to his daughter before he bravely  sacrifices himself to save Earth from the big rock.  It doesn't come off as  a father who has always been unable to tell his daughter how much he loves  her saying goodbye before saving humanity.  It comes off as a jerk actor  reciting lines, while thinking about his twenty-million paycheck and how  he's making the audience cry.
B00000IL67|5.0|Exceptional mix of music.  I'm thrilled to get the previously unreleased songs.  I hope he keeps on making music forever.
B0000025RI|5.0|Thriller has been a part of the consciousness of civilization for so long that there's nothing I feel right writing about it except that its one of the greatest albums ever made.  Whatever you may think of Michael Jackson,  if you don't like this album you have no right to listen to music.
0767830547|5.0|Taxi Driver is one of the top five films of all time. Martin Scorsese is the greatest director of all time and Robert De Niro is the greatest actor of all time. The film is great in every way. Quite possibly the most  powerful film of all time.<br />- RL
630018403X|5.0|The dialogue in this film can only be described as magic. The interaction between the individuals is very clever and you have empathy with all the characters. Judd Nelson is excellent and plays the part of the rebel  brilliantly. His sharp, one liners leave you speechless. This is one of my  favourite films of all time and I can watch it again and again. The music,  of course, is just perfect!
6305358613|5.0|Take it for granted that this film is NOT a history lesson.  But as a lesson in how to create an icon, this film is amazing.<br />Beautifully shot and acted, this film is worth seeing.<br />Cate Blanchett and Geoffrey Rush  are superb, Joseph Fiennes is adequate (though his performance was too  similar to his &quot;William Shakespeare&quot; for my taste).
6303566898|5.0|I have seen hundreds of movies that move me, but &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; has been my favorite as long as I can remember.  Many people find it corny and old fashioned, I find it uplifting and as true in content  today as the day it was made.  No one could have portrayed the character of  George Bailey like the unforgettable Jimmy Stewart....and Donna Reed and  the entire cast.......Wow!!  I think Frank Capra must have had a sixth  sense when it came to knowing who would cast well with whom.  I cannot  count how many times I have viewed this movie, and every time I do it's as  though it's the first time I have seen it.  I am hard pressed to pick a  favorite scene, but if I did I think it would be when the druggist, Mr.  Gower, realizes that George did not deliver the capsules that contained  poison, and hugs him.  Without being asked, George tells him he will never  tell a living soul......and does not.  In closing, I would say there is  probably not a person alive that could not benefit from the message in this  movie.  If you have not seen this film you are truly missing out.
6303014100|5.0|For me, a good movie is not one that only entertains, but also educates. This movie really started to pique my interest in the Civil War and I don't think I can ever get tired of watching it.  I really believe Jeff Daniels  should've been nominated for an oscar for his portrayal as Joshua Lawrence  Chamberlain.
6305265488|5.0|I really didn't know what I was getting into when I rented this movie, now I wish I had seen it sooner!  It was simply breathtaking.  I loved that it was a sweet romance, but not too saccarine.  It has a wonderful meaning.
B00000IIXH|5.0|This is a great CD!  A terrific mix of the style from &quot;The River&quot; and new releases from the &quot;Greatest Hits.&quot;  It took me all of one listen to become fired up by a number of &quot;new&quot;  songs that I hadn't heard yet.  This will be kept close by because of the  greatness.  I truly love this disc. I could do without the overdone Pink  Cadillac, though. <br />Buy it and enjoy it. You'll be very happy that you  did!!
6301942647|4.0|Within each story there is another unfolding at a deeper level and the measured pace of each tale enables the director to load every pause with meaning. The film is presented to the viewer in such a way that you  actually feel part of the story - in a similar way to the tale he presents  of the man stepping into the Van Gogh painting. This is one of my favourite  videos that I watch again and again. It must be absolutely breathtaking on  a big screen.
B000002U82|3.0|I just can't understand why the whole world rates this as the greatest progressive rock in music history. When I heard this album about 15 years ago, I couldn't care less, and I feel the same way too today. Not that I'm  not a Pink Floyd fan, I own 12 of their albums ! I mean the Dark Side is  devoid of any good melody, doesn't drown you into that &quot;moody, dark,  mother-nature like, peaceful yet gloomy&quot; relapse. Not like those in  Atom Heart, Wish and Animals. I can't even remember any good tunes, except  for &quot;Money&quot; which is still played to infinity on the radios.  There are some good ones though, Breathe, On the run and Time (the best),  but the whole album just doesn't jive in. While it's still a  &quot;good&quot; album, I wouldn't say it's the best. I would rank 1st, The  Wall, then Animals, Wish, Atom Heart, Piper, Early singles, More,  Saucerful, DARK SIDE, Meddle, Obscured, Momentary and Ummagumma.
B00000I5Y6|4.0|Contemplative, deep, beyond the metaphysical. The number of Rock and Roll songs to have ever exhibited such qualities, of humanity, of life itself, one could count on the fingers of a hand. There may not even be that many  deep, and truly, soul-searching songs in all of the archives of commercial  Rock and Roll; yet Kansas' &quot;Dust in The Wind&quot; is clearly one of  these songs. &quot;Wayward Son,&quot; also on this &quot;Best of  Kansas&quot; CD, also doth evoke that so very meaningful idealism, that IS  Kansas at its best, which thus becomes Rock and Roll's prized acheivement  as well. Such songs show that Rock and Roll, beneath the all-too-dominant  commercialized CRASSNESS, can earnestly break away from all of this  nonsense, to finally be &quot;The Best That It Can Be.&quot; Rock and Roll  ONCE HAD nearly such a transformative power, in the 1960's-early  70's...Kansas' often deep musings, hath shown that it can do so, AGAIN.  &quot;Good work, me-Lads!&quot;....
6303168507|5.0|There are only a few &quot;movies&quot; I consider as true &quot;film&quot;, and this is one of them. One cannot help but be effected by this masterpiece by Stephen Spielberg.
0380002930|5.0|One of my favorite books and one I have returned to again and again...I can't count the number of times I have re-read Watership Down, but it seems from some of these other reviews I'm not alone.  Aside from the fact that  it's just a thumping (no pun intended) good read, it's also a marvelously  subtle and provocative exploration of what makes for the perfect leader.   While you're busy enjoying the adventure (and believe me, it's a  heart-pounder), it may also occur to you to ask why is Hazel the best  leader for this group of rabbits, a position soon acknowledged by all who  follow him?  After all, he's not the strongest (that's Bigwig who has the  most physical courage among them all), nor the cleverest (that's  Blackberry, the one who comes up with all their &quot;tricks&quot;), nor  the most visionary (Fiver is the &quot;prophet&quot; who sounds the warning  time and again), nor does he have the history of being in charge like Holly  the former Owsla captain does.  What does Hazel have that the others don't?   I don't mean to say that Hazel isn't courageous, or clever, or visionary,  or purposeful in his own way, but he also has what I'll just call a certain  mental poise which allows him to harness all those traits in himself, as  well as(and this may be more important) tap them when they appear in others  at crucial moments.  Or maybe this is just a way of saying he has an  uncanny ability to inspire trust and loyalty in others, enough so that they  will put their lives in his hands.  This all may seem a bit much to read  into what appears to be a simple child's tale, but part of the immense  charm of this book is its expansive ability to allow and even encourage  speculation of this sort.  It's a warm-hearted but unsentimentalizing  story, enthralling and generous as the best stories are.  I envy anyone who  has yet to stumble onto this treasure.
6302150930|5.0|This is one of the better adaptations of great novels by a gifted British author. It does indeed, leave parts out but what movie adaptation doesn't anymore? The music is captivating as is the photography, lush costumes, and  sweeping landscapes. Truly one of the films I admire most.
0399103422|5.0|The book was a brilliant beyond brilliant look at the workings of the Corleone family and helped to explain some things i didn't understand from the movie.
0767811038|1.0|Not only did they steal conceptual designs from &quot;Aliens,&quot; they also can't write their own material.  I don't care what anyone says, if you get money to make a movie, take your time and do it right, and make it  original.  A movie can be both &quot;good&quot; and  &quot;entertaining&quot; at the same time (it doesn't need to lose realism  to be entertaining).  This movie failed to accomplish either.  Why send a  mass of humans to fight oversized, violent, armored alien bugs?  Any moron  race in the universe would be smart enough to use nothing smaller than a  naval destroyer (or at least a tank) to fight these things...  In the  ending, the girl has a hole punched through her torso the size of a  basketball and she's grinning like it's another day shopping at the mall  with her teen-beat friends... c'mon!  I can only give it credit for two  things: somebody decided to mount a shotgun on the bottom of the  already-copied &quot;Aliens&quot; rifle, and the storyline idea that after  you graduate highschool, you have the option of joining some intergalactic  military acadamy to fight bugs, which I thought had some potential that was  wasted on this pathetic attempt at a movie... Truly deserves 0 stars...
B000000993|5.0|This album bursts with adrenaline and raw power that gets the blood flowing and is sure to tear down your perceptions of heavy metal rock music. The opening track &quot;Intolerance&quot; is still my favorite, but  the following tracks &quot;Prison Sex,&quot; &quot;Sober,&quot;  &quot;Bottom,&quot; &quot;Crawlaway,&quot; and the title track, all of them  are very loud, very crushing, and very musical. These four rockers have  made a great album in &quot;Undertow,&quot; and I love it better than  &quot;Aenima&quot; (which is also a great album). This is one of the best  albums I've listened to in a long time.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is CD is the best. If you like Nirvana, you gotta like this one. Kurt may be dead, but his music still rules, man!
6304039506|5.0|Brando, Hunter, Leigh, and Malden make for the best cinematic piece of film in history.
B000001TVD|5.0|It was the easly 70's.  We were burnt on the Haight, and KSAN had the mind of the evening. It was real, sometimes too.<br />This was the most requested song at the time of magic, 3AM, Sunday morning, in the rest after the rages  of rush and illusion, of exultance and distracted beauty.  Moments of  unarticulated certainty, peace, and that shrieking guitar!
B00000IIXH|1.0|OK enough is enough.  First we had Human Touch and Lucky Town both at full price on the same day.  Then we had the Greatest Hits album with the bonus tracks to make us shell out.  Now the fans pay 40 for the Tracks set of  which the great complaint is The Promise is missing and hey, guess what, a  few months later it pops up on another sell out record.<br />Bruce has always  laid great store on his control over the whole recording process and his  rights over his music (like the recent London court case).  Sadly I guess  that means he has to take responsibility for this prolonged rip off  throughout the 90s.
6304061994|4.0|I really enjoyed this video...I watched it, and was actually late for work because I couldnt stand to wait until after work to finish watching it.  This was my introduction to Brad Pitt, and was impressed with his looks,  (obviously) and his acting was easy to believe, and equally fun to watch.   Aiden Quinn was equally fun to watch, playing the &quot;good brother&quot;.   My husband enjoyed the movie as well...NOT JUST A CHICK FLICK.
0449911357|5.0|Okay so I have not finished the book but it is truly a awesome book.  I saw the movie before and the book is much better (Like most of the time.)  My mom grew up in the south (Maryland) and my grandparents still live  there, so the book makes me feel like I am right back in the south or with  Idgie and Ruth and Stump.  I truly recomend it to all who need a little  laughter.  Or even someone who you might find in the Dill Pickle Club!<br />    PS-Idgie and Ruth are not lesbians and it shouldn't be banned from the  schools because it dosen't even realate to that topic.  Oh Yeah, Idgie was  Stump's aunt and Ruth was Idgie's best friend, who she loved dearly, like  Buddy and Idgie when she was younger (Duh)!!!!!
6305205620|3.0|Looks and sounds terrific.  I always use this DVD to show-off my sound system to friends.  Sadly, it doesn't show-off Metallica as a competent band.  Hetfield's voice is so far off-the-mark that it is, for the most  part, unlistenable as music.  The band looks really bored and tired.  And  the energy drops even more every time they pause between songs for a lazy  call-and-response routine.  In conclusion: if you have all your speakers  and a good subwoofer and want to be wowed by big explosions, this rocks.   If you want to hear Metallica play with conviction, buy the earlier video  &quot;Live Sh-t: Binge &amp; Purge&quot;
078322172X|4.0|Of course, anyone could act nutso on screen/stage...it's not difficult.<br />But I have to give the man his due...after watching some of his perfectly awful acting jobs (Thelma and Louise, Legends of the Fall,  etc.), Pitt finally did a good job.<br />Of course, Willis and Stowe were  simply amazing as usual.  And former Python Gilliam rocked as  always.<br />Bravo!
B00000AFDW|5.0|This brings out everything about KISS and it is their best CD ever
0800177177|3.0|All right - you're a casting director, and you've assembled this amazing group of actors: Sir Anthony Hopkins, Gary Oldman, and Winona Ryder among them.<br />And into this fray you through in Keanu?<br />no no no no no no no!  Bad dog!  No Milkbone! (TM)<br />I've never heard Costner's infamously bad  English accent, but I'm sure Keanu's (I won't even dignify him by his last  name) was pretty comparable.<br />And the man simply cannot act.  Not in a  box, not with a fox.  Not in a hat, not on a cat.  Not in shirt, dang, it  just hurt!<br />It's the classic &quot;weak link in the chain.&quot;  Altogether, this was a brilliantly executed film(although some section  didn't mesh well with others), but Keanu?<br />If I want to see him at his  peak (which is never), I'll go find &quot;Bill and Ted.&quot;
B000001GBJ|5.0|I'm a 20 yr old college student. I'm into electronica and hip hop. If a person like me can enjoy this cd, anybody can. You gotta have this cd.
6304436408|3.0|I was a little disappointed with director Ang Lee's &quot;American debut.&quot;  All told, S&amp;S was very well-constructed but a bit fluffy.<br />The costuming was amazing, though, and the cinematography was, as with  all of Lee's films, impeccable.<br />Thompson's best work, IMHO, is &quot;The  Remains of the Day.&quot;<br />For those curious about this phenomenal  Taiwanese film maker, I suggest &quot;Tui Shou&quot; (&quot;Pushing  Hands&quot; in English) or &quot;The Wedding Banquet.&quot;
6305003882|5.0|Mankind has many flaws, one of them being the fact that they can't take responsibility for their actions.  This is a great movie, but it didn't lead &quot;ALREADY&quot; disturbed young men to kill their classmates, they  did it of their own accord.  The movie is a beautifully written example of  what drugs can do to you, and having had freinds who went too far into the  drug scene, I can relate so well.  DiCapprio is quite good, actually, as is  the rest of the cast.  Please, watch this movie, but don't blame it.
0441172717|5.0|Dune is the most amazing, most richly detailed, and most thought provoking book I have ever read.  Herbert's insight into religion, society, and the dangers of a messiah are absolutely frightening in their accuracy and  foresight.  If you are looking for a thought provoking, exciting, and  deeply entertaining book, read Dune.
6305205639|5.0|I was lucky enough to see them on this tour when they came to Iowa, and watching this video brought back every memory of that show.  The music was great, the energy was high, and the show was excellent!  Keep all your  boy-bands and pop wannabes home, 'cause the 'TallicA boys are ROCKIN'!!!   And if you listen really close to the crowd, you can almost hear them  chanting &quot;Kill the backstreet boys...&quot;
0670880728|4.0|This book was so funny I couldn't put it down.  When it was over, I wanted more.  This is a book that any woman, any age can relate to.  I'm going to recommend it to all my female friends.
B0000027RL|1.0|Not only does &quot;Ten&quot; have the worst album cover in the history of rock n' roll, it has some of most boring songs ever written.  The songs aren't bad, but utterly uninteresting and are the essence of boring. I'm  completely dumbfounded by their success.  When Nirvana, Soundgarden and  even Mudhoney were creating a sludgy heavy metal punk pop sound known as  grunge, Pearl Jam shows up and while supposedly being part of this group,  just play hard rock music, that sounds more inspired by Aerosmith than  Black Flag.  Eddie Vedder has an interesting voice at best, but can't  compete with the emotional intensity of Kurt Cobain or the bluesy voice of  Chris Cornell.  As for the rest of the band, none of them left enough of an  impression on me for me to even remember their names.  Basically, Pearl Jam  brought the dinosaurs back to life.  Their influence on other artists is  profound as well, creating other similar sounding boring bands like Stone  Temple Pilots, Candlebox and Silverchair.
0684874350|5.0|This book projects such a wide range of emotions it's nothing short of amazing.  I felt extreme joy at times, extreme anger, and everything in between.  If you haven't read this book, you must.  You won't regret it.
630420065X|3.0|Like I said, the movie is pretty darn good. Its has great action and a rollercoaster of a story. Alot of people dont like the twisting plot, but I guess Pulp Fiction sucked for the same reason? Not comparing this to Pulp  Fiction, but having a &quot;twisting plot&quot; is one of the things that  kept me interested in this movie. Its better then most action movies.
6300248178|5.0|Add Arnold circa 1987, the Governer of Minnesota, and a truly evil alien that invented MGS's Stealth Camo, and you have an incredibly cool, suspenseful SF/action movie that's just plain fun to watch. The effects are  great, even by today's standards. The Predator's stealth camo and heat  vision are very slick. Rent or buy this movie: you won't regret it.
B000002VCW|5.0|This is some of the best music of the 70's hot off the master tapes on now forever on digital.  My original LP is long gone, the tape is fading fast and now I've got this terrific CD.  What a great way to blast into summer.   Highly recommended!
B00000AQNY|5.0|Paco, Al, and John have definitely shown some hard-core talent in this album. It is one of my favorite and I recommend checking it out if you want to hear some fast-paced, lively guitar playing. The speed and accuracy of  each guitarist is unreal...and if you're into cool solos, you NEED THIS  BAD!
6305177473|5.0|I think that Parent Trap is is a exellent movie and you can watch the movie a thousand times!
B000001DTM|5.0|There isn't too much I can possibly say about this album that hasn't been said already.  So, I can only say this: this album is U2's finest hour.  Not only that, this album is one of music's finest hours.  This album is  perfection.  Period.  Enough said.
6303481272|5.0|This ranks as the best anime out there. If you enjoy great action, great plot, and fantastic animation, then this the one to get!  The one that  comes close is Street Fighter 2, however, SF2 is a distant second.
0670451541|4.0|This book is about a mom duck and a dad duck.  The mom and dad leave to find a perfect place to live.  After they thought they found the perfect place to live the mom hatched her babies.  They found that it was to  cramped for family so they walked to a harbor.  They passed highways,  parking lots, and just regular streets.  The ducks met a special friend  that helped them cross every street until they got to the bay.  The friend  was a friendly Boston police officer.
0684867621|5.0|Finally, a book that King fans can really enjoy.  After some dismal releases by him, I was little worried with this one.  However, this one was quite enjoyable and I managed to polish it off in an evening.  The ending  was a little sappy, but otherwise solid through and through.  Suspenceful  and one of those books you couldn't quite put down.
B00000IL1K|5.0|This is my first Sarah Brightman CD, but not my first exposure to her [the duet with Andrea Boccelli was the first time I ever heard her magnificent voice]. This CD is so hauntingly beautiful, I cannot pick a favourite song.  [Although my personal favourite of all time is 'Dust in the Wind' - the  Kerry Livgren &quot;Kansas&quot; song from the 70's -- she gives this song  a new beauty that will make it live on]. But all the songs are so  wonderful, that I feel like I have entered a Star Trek Holodeck with the  love of my life and I am in the most romantic setting that can be imagined.  Such is the power of this Stunning CD. I cannot recommend this CD highly  enough. Buy more than one -- you will want it with you everywhere.
6305311463|2.0|This movie has good special effects but an extremely weak storyline. There have been a million movies made with that combination. So, why was this movie singled out to be in the Criterion Collection? This film is average at best. I can think of hundreds better than this one.
630512065X|5.0|I guess if some folks were given a fortune for doing nothing more than breathing, they'd find something to complain about.  I can't understand why they want to waste our time writing negative things about CATS, when it's  very clear most of us  who loved the music, the cast, the total production,  regardless of inconsequential flaws, really don't give a damn about the  cat-hair they insist on shedding on whatever they brush against.<br />And how  about that Elaine Paige, writing and letting us know how she felt about  doing the Grizabella role.  That's class, Folks. She's clearly a cat of  unashamed felinity, well deserving of the HeavySide Lair.
B00000IPAX|1.0|They should have stuck with the type of music they played for Voyerour or the remake of Dancing with my self.  Dude Ranch turned out to be a far cry from the music of buddah and Chesheire Cat.  The only way that they could  stay punk is to get a harder sound.  Right now they are rapidly desending  to pop alternitive.
6303686796|5.0|The character study of the taxi driver, Travis Bickle, is what makes this movie great.  He, like all of us, is a creature of contradiction--views desenstizing pornography like it is normal tv (and even takes a date to a  porn theatre, later explaining with complete honesty that he did not know  much about movies) while going to desperate means to save a teenage  prostitute.  Bickle is simultaneously repulsed by and drawn to the lonely,  despondent, filthy city life through his role as a cab driver.  The  dialogue also makes this movie unique and honest, particularly the scene at  the coffee shop between Deniro and Cybil Shepard.  I am not a movie expert,  but this is one of the best I've ever seen.
0449002632|2.0|The book provides a broad history lesson about the city of London and is, from that perspective, quite interesting.  I have spent a good deal of time in London and know the city quite well.  Rutherford's pages are fact-packed  and the more familiar you are with the streets and districts of which he  speaks the more interesting the book will be.  I was just back in London a  few weeks ago and recalling those factoids gave me a different perspective  on places I've know for many years.  The problem with the book, however, is  just that:  it is a book of factoids.  The vignettes are, to be kind, trite  and contrived.  The book is eposodic, by necessity I guess, but it is  unengaging because of this.  In my view, the reader not very familiar with  London will find the book unfulfilling.
0345350472|5.0|American society in the 90s is at a point which many people would fail an empathy test.  This concept alone makes reading this book a lot of fun.  To think that one might have to pass an empathy test (much like a lie detector  test) to remain among the living is scary.  Would the police administer the  test in our society as they do in this book?  Spine chilling!
6305263248|4.0|A John Frankenheimer's movie is never innocent. You always have to search what's hidden behind the images this director present, to interpret the silences between the words spoken. And RONIN isn't so different from  Frankenheimer's most interesting movies.<br />Why RONIN ? A few lines, at the  beginning of the film, explains than, in the medieval Japan, a samurai  whose master has disappeared becomes in a certain way mad and, after having  done reprehensible actions, kills himself by committing seppuku  (hara-kiri). This samurai with a troubled mind is called a RONIN.<br />Now we  have to remember that Frankenheimer, in 1982, presented a great action  movie, THE CHALLENGE, starring Scott Glenn, whose intention was to confront  american and japanese points of view about moral questions. So why not  concentrate ourselves on RONIN by having in mind that the real subject of  the film is NOT the challenge to present the longest car chase ever filmed  but something else. Hidden between gunshots and fast cars.<br />Just think of  a recurrent theme of RONIN : the suicidal ritual of the samurai, the  Seppuku. Let's observe how one of the gang's hired man died in his car with  an open throat. And Robert De Niro ! He will symbolically try to commit  seppuku during surgery but will faint.<br />In fact, the only character that  will follow the strict code of honour of the samurais will be Deirdre. For  sure, she knows exactly what she is doing when she abandons Seamus. But,  here again, John Frankenheimer prefer not to be too explicit about the fate  of the young irish woman. The alternate ending of RONIN would maybe give us  the answer.<br />A DVD in homage to one of the last great american directors  of the 60's.
6302886228|5.0|Everyone who is anyone shows up to pay homage to the one who turned Rock and Roller's into &quot;artists&quot;.  &quot;My Back Pages&quot;, with Dylan, Clapton, Young, McGuinn, Harrison, and Petty, is an absolute  masterpeice.  Also, Eddie Vedder's version of &quot;Masters of War&quot; is  transcendent.  You cannot claim to know anything about Rock's influence  without viewing this video.  One great piece after another.  Must veiwing.
0195073401|5.0|After years of the poor, imprecise and bad written Varian's Microeconomic Analysis, the serious reader has an opportunity to have a book that is rigorous, well written, clear, and complete. Of course, a book like this  requires some math foundations.
B000002H97|3.0|I like this album. I think I've bought around 5 copies of it, for friends etc. because it's easy to get into. Anyone, even non-metal fans can enjoy songs like &quot;Sandman&quot; &amp; &quot;Unforgiven&quot;. It's kind of a  primer for neophyte heavy metal fans. The performances are adequate, but I  can't see how anyone would make the claim of Kirk or Lars being the best at  what they do based on their playing on this album. The black album rounds  out any collection, so I do recommend getting it However, for the serious  metal fan there is better stuff out there. You want drums? Try Slayer's  &quot;South of Heaven&quot;. You want guitars? You want Black Sabbath, my  friend. &quot;Black&quot; is good, but it is greater than the sum of its  parts.
B00000ILBK|5.0|I am a big star trek fan, but not all of the movies were as fun as this.  I liked the beginning the best because Data kicks butt.  It had some of that classic trek flavor but with all the effects we have come to expect  from the new series.  I hope the next movie ties in the cool stuff thats  been going on with DS9 the last few seasons.
B00000G3CK|5.0|I think Pi is the best movie ever because of it's paranoid atmosphere and the eerie music to go along with it's Great story line, good actors, great director, great movie
B000002Q7Y|4.0|Though different from Livgren/Walsh songs, the Morse/Walsh songs are very good. Steve Walsh is exceptional throughout, and Morse adds some unbelievable guitar work (Rich Williams influence is notable as well). I  did not buy this for some time because of the lackluster reviews, but after  finally purchasing it, it is a pleasant surprise. I you are a Walsh fan,  this one's for you. If you've never heard of him, take a listen. Remember  the first time you put the Boston LP on the turntable?.....
0792151712|4.0|I love the music, sets, and costumes, but I could probably write a more human story with less droll. There was entirely too much hype and boast over this film and James Cameron should look at the fact that he is NOT the  king of the world and that there are other great filmmakers in Hollywood  besides him. The accuracy and detail was great, but the characters and the  story could happen on any ship any writer can create without an iceberg.        It was great when it came out, but after a while it got to be dull and  boring. We were waiting for &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; and  &quot;Godzilla&quot; to come out.
B000000LZV|5.0|The only downside to the double nickels experience is that you have to put it on a shelf for a year or so every now and then, so you don't max out. Absolutely -- with X, Clash, Public Enemy, Disposable Heroes of Hiphopracy,  Guthrie, various blues artists, Bragg, Los Lobos -- the M-Men were among  those bands that successfully wed robust critical perspectives with popular  musical forms. For me, these groups, and others like them, represent an  important potential of mass music culture, unfortunately, but perhaps not  surprisingly, too seldom realized.       Get this and &quot;Three Way Tie  for Last.&quot;
6303567126|5.0|Writers' lives aren't always easy, as this film represents in all its realism and unashamed detail of life on the streets and conflict with drugs and sex. I study this film to see how I can help those who are lost in all  aspects of life. Leo is great. This is one of those films not fit for all  tastes.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I love their new song Why don't You Get A Job, it's got a really cool beat. I don't think their really hot, but they've defenitly got a different way of doing stuff, bye!
B00000IQV6|1.0|As I said above &quot;This movie was STUPID!!&quot; It was trying to make you cry over, and over again. It is bad film making at work.<br />Don't wast your time and money!
0553565915|5.0|I listened to the audio, and I felt so peaceful. I used to be scared of the END. I always  believed in Heaven and now I don't seem so scared to face it. In about 60 years!! Ms. Eadie tells her story beautifully.
6304211740|5.0|Attention those of you who know the book by heart.When Rochester views Janes sketch of him and says &quot;you have me completely&quot; you will be profoundly moved and might even cry.When jane returns to the blinded  Rochester and he says who's there and she replys &quot;Pilot knows me&quot;  you will definitely break down.
6305363668|5.0|For the most part, I dislike scifi.  However, BLADE RUNNER is a masterpiece of visual design  and director's vision.  I have not seen the original version, but I know that a voice over would only have harmed the  overall effect of BLADE RUNNER.  This is a film that is meant to be  interpretated as the viewer likes, not to be confined within the plot, as a  voice over device would do.  This is a film that is innumerably times  better than STAR WARS simply because STAR WARS has no deptth.
0395645662|4.0|The Giver is an excellent book to read. It was kind of hard to get into the book at first, but after I knew what was going on, I loved it. Lois Lowry wrote this book superbly. The ending, however, was very strange.  Maybe it's just me, but &quot;maybe it was just an echo&quot; doesn't sum  up what happened to Jonas. I don't understand the connection of the ending  to how &quot;The Giver&quot; in the book told how he had the capacity to  hear beyond his regular limits.
0684867621|4.0|Wow.  I haven't been so impressed with a Stephen King novel in years - not since &quot;Salem's Lot&quot;, and he wrote that back in the 70's.<br />I'm impressed with this for far different reasons, of course.  &quot;Salem's  Lot&quot; was a pure horror novel - a small town in Maine is visited by a  vampire.  &quot;Tom Gordon&quot;, by contrast, deals with a totally  different kind of horror.  No vampires, werewolves, or any of the other  creatures King's dark imagination has come up with in his other novels.  No, this horror is something that everyone can identify with in one form or  another - the horror that occurs when a child turns up missing.  King deals  mostly with the child's point of view here - what happens to that child  when she loses her way, to put it euphemistically.<br />In this case, Trisha  McFarland's imagination simply runs wild.  She imagines good things - her  conversations with Red Sox relief pitcher Tom Gordon, for example - and bad  things - the &quot;thing&quot; that is following her throughout her  journey.  I won't spoil the resolution of that particular part of the  story, except to say that it has a happy ending.<br />And I actually cried  when I got to the end of this book - something I never dreamed I'd do for a  Stephen King novel.<br />Oh, it's not perfect - but it's a damn sight better  than a lot of what King has written over the last few years.  And because  of the kind of horror it deals with, it's also one of his most frightening  books ever.
B00000DFRS|2.0|When I heard Whitney had a new CD out, I was excited, especially after I heard &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot;. After hearing the first two songs, I was pretty sure that I had gotten my money's worth.  Boy, was I fooled. A  massive disappointment. I wasted thirteen dollars.  Her best CD's were her  first two.  I wish I knew what happened, Whitney can do better than that.   Who knows maybe it has something to do with her husband, one bad choice  after another!
6304211740|2.0|Is there any film version of the book that stays true to the actual story?  This version was very &quot;Hollywood.&quot;  I enjoyed the A&amp;E film more because it was closer to the real story, but even it had flaws.   Hello, Hollywood, anyone listening?  We want an unadulterated, unabridged  &quot;Jane Eyre&quot;!
B00000IL67|4.0|The packaging is great(the best of any box set) The song choice was good but could have been better.  I think they should have had all of PFY and Easy Action  because they are both still out of print. A few more songs off  the 80's records would have been nice too like &quot;Pass the Gun  Around&quot;, &quot;Don't Talk Old to Me&quot;, &quot;I Better Be  Nice&quot;, and few more. Also 2 CDs of live stuff would have been cool.   Not songs like &quot;18&quot; or No More Mr. Nice Guy songs he only played  for one or two tours &quot;Who Do You Think We Are?&quot; etc... .  <br />The  Box Set over all is great
6305426651|5.0|I'm a real film buff (even keep a running list of my Top 100 all-time-favorite movies).  The first time I saw &quot;Life Is Beautiful&quot; I went home and added it to my Top 10 list.  A week later,  it had advanced into the Top 5.  The movie is a veritable masterpiece -- a  brilliant blend of tragedy and comedy, unlike anything I have ever seen in  my life, American or European.  The story line really stuck with me long  after the film was over.  What an extraordinary &quot;sacrifice&quot; this  father makes to ensure that life WILL be beautiful for his son.<br />After  seeing the film a second time, I knew it had made it into my Top 3 All Time  Favorites.  The third time I saw the movie, I concentrated on all the  technical aspects and once again marveled at Benigni's brilliance.  Cinema  doesn't get any better (i.e. original, memorable) than this.  I am only  sorry that it did not win the Oscar for Best Picture as well.  I can't wait  for it to come out on video.  It is number one on my list, and I can't  imagine another film knocking it out of that position!
B000002GVO|5.0|Yes,  this is the best rock album ever recorded.  Just listen to the excellent song writing talents of Henley &amp; Frey.  It doesn't get any better.  This album is perfection!!!  Give it a listen.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock hits you hard with a combo of rap and heavy guitars. I loved it and if you didn't something is wrong you. Peace!
0385493800|5.0|first of all i love all of john grisham's novels...i read all of them  except 3...but i actually couldnt put this book down because it had me  wondering what would happen next....is rachel going to take the money or is  she going to let her greedy siblings take it and just do what they always  do when they get money....and is nate going to just flee and hide in the  corner and drink his life away...it had so many interesting turnarounds  that i was wanting more information about the characters...i practically  took the book everywhere i went...this is a must read to those who think  money is everything and forget the true meaning of   being happy with what  you already have *S*...i gurantee that it will change your heart, mind and  soul when you read the testament*S
B000002G23|5.0|I loved this box set!!! Brings back lost of 80's memorie
6305313687|5.0|It is simply, by far, the greatest movie I have ever seen in my whole life. I found myself a week after I saw the movie still thinking about many profund conclusions I came with the strong messege that the movie has. I  still think once or twice a day about something or other said in that  movie. GREAT MOVIE!!!! Ed WAS ROBBED FROM THE OSCAR HE SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN  IT!!!!!
B000002PBL|5.0|I mainly got this CD because I'm a big Stevie Nicks fan and she sings a duet on &quot;Insider&quot;, but I wound up loving all the other songs as well. My favorites were &quot;The Waiting&quot;, &quot;Insider&quot;, and  &quot;A Woman in love (but it's not me)&quot; - I can't get that last one  out of my head!
0385424736|5.0|I've read all the Grisham's, and think this man is amazing.  I stayed up all night last night re-reading this book...for the 3rd time.  It's one of his best.  I work in the medical/insurance field, and know that Grisham  really did his homework.  Bravo!!!
B000000OAA|4.0|Queen is a terrific band - no one had  vocal range and showmanship like Freddie Mercury!
6305169195|1.0|This movie kept me awake in the theatre (I tried to sleep it was so bad, but the sound was so loud I couldn't), but on a small TV its Zzzzzz.  This has it all--bad script, bad acting, no logic and impossiblities--like  drilling through solid iron--really!!!!
B000002UB3|4.0|The Beatles went out with a nice little bang with this album. Not their best (Revolver, White Album, Sgt. Peppers outpace this respectively), but a great listen. I agree with a previous statement - 'I Want You..' has one of  the greatest outros in rock music.Still, this album is in my mind way too  polished, contains too much filler, and the medley, though beautifully done  on the back, isn't something that leaves much of an impression on me.
067101756X|4.0|Good reading; very thought provoking and compelling.  Too bad its not true.  The biggest fallacy lies in the basic story itself.  Corso leaked alien technology information into private industry during the Cold War.   The basic story contradicts itself.  Corso himself states in the book that  it was important to National Security to keep the crash and the evidence  secret from the public and/or Russia.  How can you keep technology secret  and give it to private industry at the same time?  All the details of the  book are very interesting by themselves (the trees)  but when you look at  the &quot;forest&quot;, the idea of giving the technology to industry to  develope does not make sense.  How do we know the whole roswell crash was  not a &quot;show&quot; to spook the Russians during the Cold War era into  thinking  the US had some sort of technological advantage?  The bigger the  lie the more people will believe it.  Great reading though; very  interesting!
0790731479|5.0|What person reviewing this DVD hasn't already seen the film? Of course it's top-notch, a great movie, otherwise I wouldn't be looking for the DVD. A few words on disc quality would be more informative than just &quot;a  must-see&quot;...
6302000823|5.0|This movie is excellent on so many levels.  Storyline, acting, ideas, emotion, cinematography.....everything.  You will not regret watching/purchasing this film.  In fact, you will watch it over and over.
6305078564|3.0|The story is fun, the characters are right out of a fairy tale but the extremely poor video quality is a distraction.  Someone should buy the BBC and A&amp;E some decent video equipment.
B000002GIE|5.0|This album is full of childhood cliches. That's the plot for this wonderful debut CD from the Boston native rock band Extreme. But not all songs point to childhood cliches. Songs like &quot;Watching Waiting&quot;  examine the crucifixion of Christ. &quot;Rock A Bye,Bye&quot; examines the  issue of abortion in this world. This album has been blessed with some  great guitar work by their axeman Nuno Bettencourt. Gary Cherone does a  great job on the mic creating a child like sound to his voice in some  songs. Pat and Paul do justice as well. A great sonic performance!
B000007S5B|5.0|Waiting For the Sun impressed me.  Even among Doors albums it stands out.  &quot;Not to Touch the Earth&quot;, with its lyrics taken from Jim Morrison's poem &quot;The Celebration of the Lizard&quot;, will leave you  amazed and speechless.  The B side features four of my favorite of all of  the Doors' songs: &quot;Spanish Caravan&quot;, &quot;My Wild Love&quot;,  &quot;Yes, the River Knows&quot;, and &quot;Five to One&quot;.  If you like  the Doors, you must buy Waiting For the Sun.
B000002NJS|5.0|Unlike other Madonna albums &quot;Ray of Light&quot; has very profound lyrics. Example: You're so consumed with how  much you get, you waste time on hate and regret. With extremely well written lyrics to a backdrop of  &quot;techno&quot; music, this is by far Madonna's BEST album ever! Madonna  continues to take things and make them mainstream, like techno music. We  all see Cher following in her footsteps. &quot;Candy Perfume Girl&quot;,  &quot;Shanti/Ashtangi&quot;, and &quot;The Power of Goodbye&quot; are my  personal favorites. Madonna's newfound &quot;spiritualism&quot; is  beneficial to those who listen to this album.
B000002I2M|5.0|That sums it up.  Never will a band be as creative and as talented as The Doors.  L.A. Woman is an excellent album, the last that the Doors recorded while Jim Morrison was still alive.  It is filled with incredible tracks,  some of the Doors' greatest work, including &quot;The Changeling&quot;,  &quot;L.A. Woman&quot;, &quot;L'America&quot;, and, of course, &quot;Riders  on the Storm&quot;.  A must-own for any Doors fan, the songs on L.A. Woman  range from the slow, dreamy &quot;Riders on the Storm&quot; to the hard  blues of &quot;Been Down So Long&quot; to rock classics like &quot;The  Changeling&quot; and &quot;L.A. Woman&quot;.  Jim Morrison was the greatest  rock and roll personality that ever lived.
B00000IIXH|5.0|Excellent compilation of Tracks, except &quot;Doll House&quot; or &quot;Shut out the Light&quot; should be on, and &quot;Sad Eyes&quot; should be off.  &quot;The Fever,&quot; in my view, is fun but over-rated.   &quot;The Promise&quot; is pretty darn good (much better than the studio  outtake from &quot;Darkness&quot;), but pales in comparison to the live  versions from 1978.  Maybe someday Bruce will do the hardcore fans a favor  and release one of them.
B00000APLB|5.0|been looking for this c.d. for a long time, and @ such a great price. gotta have it!!
6302814782|5.0|It's just the best vampire movie ever! How could some people like terrible vampire movies like Vampires or Blade? If you like vampire movies, good looking actors (Billy Wirth- the vampire with the long black hair) and  really nice songs, you just have to see it!
B00000IL1K|5.0|This CD is heavenly.  You will feel like you are in Eden.  Beautiful voice. Beautiful songs. Best in every ways.
B000002H97|4.0|What to say about this album? It's worth about 1/2 of what you'll pay for it, since it's likely you'll only be listening to about half the songs.  For every time I listen to &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; full length, I'll  find myself skipping tracks on this cd.. while the cd has enough good songs  to merit buying (&quot;Enter Sandman&quot; is just a classic, &quot;The  Unforgiven&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, &quot;Sad but  True&quot;), it just doesn't stand up to the excellence of the previous  cds.
0679459529|3.0|A great surprise in the resurrection of Frank Poole.  A great deal of answers to many of the puzzles in the past three books.  Arthur C. Clarke is a genius in writing future sci-fi books, but I was very disappointed in  the final solution the human race had for dealing with the monolith.  Without giving it away, let's just say that Clarke did a little  Independence Day copying. If the monolith can do all that it can do, it  shouldn't have been this easy for the human race!  Still a good story and  well read by John Glover!
630528069X|5.0|This movie created the &quot;one-man army is trapped and saves the day&quot; genre and is the best of the them all.  John McClaine played by Bruce Willis, is a tough cop who is trying to reconcile his marriage with  his wife in California.  During the X-Mas party where he meets his wife,  the 30 story building is taken over by terrorists and John manages to  escape the takeover and hides from them inside the building.  From here on,  the action is non-stop.  Exlposions, gunfire, helecopters, this film has  got it all.  Any action-film fan who hasn't seen this flick should stop  what they are doing and immediately go out and buy this film.  Buy it on  DVD.  You will not be dissappointed!
6300248550|5.0|I was, you could say, tricked into watching this version (one of the older ones - 1983) of Charlotte Bront's enduring novel.  Having already seen a more recent version of the film (1996 w/ William Hurt, Charlotte  Gainsbourg) I was doubtful, to say the least, that this version would or  could be better.  Yet after all was said and done, I couldn't stop thinking  about the film.  Zelah Clarke's Jane Eyre and Timothy Dalton's Edward  Fairfax Rochester were so convincing, sincere, and had so much chemistry  with each other, that one can't help but be enamoured by their very  presence onscreen.  It is, admittedly, quite a long film (239 min.), but  for good reason!  It includes many details that most other versions  omitted.  Plan a sleepover, wait for a rainy day, do what you must, but  rent this movie!  A true must-see, especially for old romantics (like me).
0385493800|2.0|This book is not up to Mr Grisham's usual high standard.  It gets bogged down in irrelevant details about a particularly unpleasant family on the one hand and geographical descriptions that are not Mr Grisham's forte.
B000000H5J|5.0|this digi pack is one of the best ones yet this rocks the extra tracks are great and they put on a great live proformence go to one like ozzfest'99 check it out see ya
0553573403|5.0|I love this book so much! I RECOMMEND IT GREATLY
B000006OAM|1.0|Apart from the best known title &quot;Kind and Generous&quot;, I found the songs very sad, and rather depressing. It's a pity because the accoustic tone of the CD would otherwise be quite pleasant. I didn't know  the artist  very well before buying this CD, and I'm disappointed.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This is the kind of movie you can see over and over without any decrease of interest or pleasure. I have to tell you my wife has seen it 16 times! For sure, one of the most exciting comedy of the last 20 years.
B000000H5J|5.0|Fear Factory is the best they are really good they put on the greatest performence also so go to a show of theirs on ozzfest 99 this year dont miss it but this cd rocks all of fear factory's cds are good
0767824571|5.0|The film that launched the Python's into the stratosphere. There are as many &quot;Pythonites&quot; as there are &quot;Trekkies&quot;, and this film is the Holy Grail of their kind. Blessed with a superb cast that can  act &amp; write, it is, as many would put it, the &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;  of comedies, standing the test of time and generations both.
0679746048|4.0|This book is amazing...not at all open ans shut, black and white, but, rather, an incredibley unique portrayal of a woman's journey through depression.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|First of all, take out your credit card and order this cd right now because this cd is so funny and I love the video's for it, in fact some videos are included on the cd in which you can watch on your computer, but  I am afraid that they arn't the new ones.  Dexter (who does the vocals) has  a damn good hair doo.
0380002930|5.0|my girlfriend told me to read it.i thougt it would be a silly childs book.i was so wrong.this book is so good  and so well written when i finished it i wanted to cry.this book made me feel so great about rabbits  it made me want to be one.i know this is a great book.read it.if you do not  you will never know what you have missed.like i almost did.
B000002MG1|5.0|&quot;Automatic For The People&quot; is so different than R.E.M.'s other albums. Actually, it's not like anything else you've ever heard. That's what makes it so special and of high quality. Every song in this album is  unique, and yet amazing. It's not like those boring albums which start to  sound the same after the second track. This album is fantastic, and even if  you don't like R.E.M., this one will astound you!
0140042520|5.0|There are very few books that can change your life, but this is one of them.  After reading On the Road, i didn't think it was possible for Kerouac to write a better book, but Dharma Bums came real close.  This book  makes the reader want to appreciate thier life so much more, it really is a  wonderful book.
0800139151|4.0|Well, I have read many of the reviews on this page, and all of the bad ones seem to indicate that this movie was un-believable.  Well, DUH!  I mean, come on!  But so were ALL of the Clint Eastwood cowboy films... yes,  all of them.  If you want hyper-realistic movies of the west, then  definately don't see this one.  I liked it for many reasons, but the  biggest reason was: it's entertaining to watch.  I think that the film was  well done on all levels.... with exception to the reality issue, of  course!!  Acadamy Award Winning?  No, not close, but it is still fun.
0767822617|3.0|I echo the previous reviewers comments.  Why they couldn't have put back the original footage is beyond me.  I got ripped off by buying a supposedly remastered version of &quot;Funny Girl&quot; a year or two ago and  discovered some of the poorest quality video I have ever seen. I am pretty  leary of anything that comes from Columbia video. My take is they make no  effort whatsoever to produce a quality product.  Streisand's films were  some of their biggest moneymakers and they haven't put them out on DVD.   When they do, I fully expect lousy transfers and low quality.
B000001EPB|5.0|I fell in love with the music on this cd before I ever saw the show and now that i have gotten to see the show too....Let's just say its a must see and a must have
B0000028UK|5.0|Pearl jam is a great old school band with an orignal sound, i suggest everyone grabs a copy of this cd and turn it up!
B000002H72|5.0|The best album by one of best rock bands ever. Renews your faith in rock and roll.
B000000OYN|2.0|Saints and Sinners will go down as being the worst of the old Whitesnake (Slip of the Tongue being the worst of the new, i.e. post Slide It In).  It was 1982 and the rock world was boring...hard for anyone to come up with  anything exciting, so Mr. Coverdale can be forgiven.  Shortly afterwards he  fired everyone except I think Jon Lord and started anew, resulting in the  much better Slide It In period.
0446364495|3.0|&quot;The Bridges of Madison County&quot; was not only about the love two mature adults can unexpectedly find for one another but that fear and the need for security can stop people from taking positive steps to improve  their lives.  Robert Kincaid finally finds Francesca Johnson, his soul mate  and equal, after years of drifting through life.  He loves her passionately  and wants her to start a new life with him. Francesca reciprocates but is  unwilling to leave her unfulfilling marriage and start anew. Robert is  willing to do anything short of destroying Francesca to preserve what they  have together.  Francesca decides to stay even though her life is stifling.  After she is widowed she tentatively seeks out Robert and when she  encounters obstacles gives up. At the end of the book both lovers have died  - Robert of loneliness and ,I suspect, Francesca of boredom. I enjoyed the  book because it was a bittersweet reminder that &quot;playing it safe&quot;  often leaves you only living part of a life with many regrets for what  might have been. Most women in forty or older can relate to this sad  reality.
B000002UE1|5.0|I discovered this album when I was 16 years old, and it really hit me on the nerve.  Already a fan of Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, and Deep Purple, I really took to Grand Funk as well--after all, they did the heavy early  70s rock thing too, and they were an American band to boot!  If you are a  fan of great grooves (Hooked on Love and Nothing Is The Same will have you  playing &quot;air drums&quot;) and 70s wah-drenched guitar playing, check  out Closer To Home.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Is this not the closest thing to a perfect album you have ever heard?  So full of the secret emotions we feel, but never insipid or overly sentimental.  Billy Corgan knows when to hold back, when to be intimate and  when to break f**king loose!  Melody so beautiful it hurts to pure  discordant rage in a second.  He does it so well.  My least favourite track  has to be Cherub Rock (It's the only Pumpkins song I don't like at least a  bit out of four albums), my favourite...probably Soma because it's the  closest I've ever heard one song being able to capture the whole range and  complexity of emotions one experiences in a lifetime.  It's peaceful,  angry, it's beautiful, fragile, alienated, frustrated, exhausting and just  plain sounds incredible.  This whole album sounds like an underwater  lullaby.  Another thing, everysong is so different in tone yet it's the  most cohesive album I've ever heard.  If I had to choose one album to sum  up my life so far, it would be this.
6305327084|5.0|A GOOD MOVIE WILL SIMPLY ENTERTIAIN YOU. A GREAT MOVIE WILL ENTERTAIN YOU, AS WELL AS IT WILL LEAVE YOU WITH SOMETHING, EMOTIONALLY. THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE. I'M NOT GOING TO EXPLAIN IT, I'M JUST GONNA SAY IT.       I LOVE  THIS FILM.
0783114222|5.0|This mini series was truly one with effort. Never before have I seen such an attempt to show people the lunar part of the Apollo program(plus some on the Russian or then Soviet space program, the then CCCP, and also some on  NASA's Mercury ang Gemini programs). Tom Hanks, along with everyone who  participated in this effort, truly deserves special recgonition for this  huge effort in describing some of man's attempt to go FROM THE EARTH TO THE  MOON.
0800141385|5.0|Funny Girl is my all-time favorite movie. Barbara Streisand really shines in this movie.
B0000026DJ|5.0|Simply a classic CD, and will always be one of my favorites.     My first Oils CD was &quot;Red Sails in the Sunset&quot;, and from that point on, I was sold on this band.  I lived in Australia for nearly 8 years, and it is  ironic that a country that is relatively neutral has a band like this with  so much to say about what is wrong with the world.  I can relate to a lot  of Aussie-specific issues they raise (which has unfortunately put them out  of the US charts and audience), however few bands display such urgency and  deep musical talent and drive and Peter Garrett and the Oils.   This CD has  a very unique sound and driving power unsurpassed by many of the band's  contemporaries.  If you only get 1 MO CD, this is it.  My only suggestion  is don't expect all others to sound like it - this band is as daring in  their exploration of ways to express themselves musically as the lyrical  content they passionately sing about.  I think 'Blue Sky Mining' - as great  as it was - wasn't enough of a one-up on 'Diesel and Dust' for SONY, so  their promotion in the US dwindled.   Anyhow, give this CD your ears if you  haven't already - it has more pure power than anything you'll hear today,  and a 200 watt subwoofer is not required to feel it!
B00000634L|5.0|The sounds of this band range from folk to rap and everything in between
B000002IWH|5.0|This is a really good soundtrack. The album starts off with the Cure's song &quot;Burn&quot;, which I have to say is the second best song on the soundtrack. The other great song that make the album great are  &quot;Golgotha Tenemant Blues&quot; by Machines of Loving Grace, Stone  Temple Pilot's &quot;Big Empty&quot;, and &quot;Dead Souls&quot; by Nine  Inch Nails which is the best song on the soundtrack.
B000009ED0|1.0|I guess if you have utter contempt for the English language you'll love Kid Rock. Dumb, prosiac lyrics juxtaposed to drum machines and grating guitars just buries enjoyment for me. Oh yeah, and he's miserably  uniteresting when confronted with a microphone (he's been popping up  everywhere as of late.)
0684867621|5.0|Being a Stephen King fan from the beginning and a Red Sox fan for forty years, I couldn't put it down.  Stephen King's ability to make you &quot;see&quot; his characters is truly amazing.  Having been to Fenway  Park, I could see what Patricia was seeing. The part I laughed the most on  when she mentioned putting &quot;jimmies&quot; on her ice cream.  Only  someone from the East would probably know right away she was putting  &quot;chocolate sprinkles&quot; on the ice cream.  Keep writing, Mr. King.
6305311463|4.0|I know the movie's storyline isn't great and it isn't one of the best movie's of all time but it sure is FUN!!! This is what a summer movie should be unrealistic and very fast pace action. Summer is a time to get  away and movies like this help in that experience. The Criterion Collection  is very good, this is DVD at it's very best. Come on its 2 CDs(one for the  movie which is a Director's cut version with added scenes not shown in the  original, as well as two different commentarys and the other CD has tons of  extras Gag reel which makes the whole DVD worth it. If you ready to have  some fun then see this movie.
0780622650|4.0|Ok, the story is not terribly deep, but the movie is cute and good for a bit of old-fashioned escapism with new-fashioned state-of-the-art effects.
6305308659|3.0|Don't get me wrong, I liked the movie and would watch it again, I just was confused over the message.  Reese Witherspoon was trampy in the beginning and I wondered if this was the movies whole plot.  They cleaned up their  act though and brought out some good points! I was still confused over who  the mom hooks up with in the end!!
0900652985|3.0|David Sear is probably the best known living authority on ancient coins, especially Roman coins. If a collector only owned one book on Roman coins, this would be the one. However, the values reported in his book for coins  (supposedly those that grade approximately &quot;Very Fine&quot;) only  roughly correlate with market prices. Coin dealers often like to quote  prices from Sear's book, especially if the book price exceeds the normal  market value.
0792151712|3.0|It was fun and exciting to watch but i think the reason they got 11 oscars was, they spend too much money for the money.
630018403X|5.0|Did you know that Anthony Michael Hall's mother and sister played his character's mother and sister in the movie?
B00000ILBK|1.0|...it's time to take a hard look at the franchise. Probably the most irksome characterization was that of Worf who has since his inception undergone a journey of self discovery, fallen hero, resurrected man of  honor and now a foil for acne jokes in &quot;Insurrection.&quot; For the  next movie -- Deep Space Nine anyone?
B00000F1D3|5.0|I never really cared for Cher too much until I saw the ABC movie, &quot;And the Beat Goes On.&quot; I have been obsessed with her since that show.  This album makes me glad I am so fascinated by this woman. Many  people will argue that &quot;Believe&quot; is the best track on the album.   I, however, believe &quot;Taxi Taxi&quot; is the best.  It starts out so  beautifully, but quickly turns dance-floorish like every other song on this  album.  The beat is fantastic, although I cannot imagine ever wanting to  seduce a taxi driver.  (I think that's what the song is about.)  The  &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; remix is a final reiteration that Cher quite  nicely transforms her music to appease each generation she is alive. This  album follows in the steps of Madonna and Gloria Estefan - adapting to the  sounds of the current generation and immortalizing the sounds of the  artist.
015650300X|5.0|'Le petit prince' is a fabulous book that talks about a little prince that loves his planet and takes the advice of his flower which seems to him the most beautiful rose. But a fox that he meets teaches him the most important  secret of all life: and that is that you see the real things with your  heart and not your eyes, that your eyes only hide the true beauty of being  alive. Just by looking at a person you can't tell who they are. You have to  become friends and look with your heart to see what is really in front of  you and what you are missing. The world would be a better place if people  looked with their hearts and not their eyes; and by reading the little  prince's story, 'Le petit prince' will you come to know this. It is a  touching story that taught me a lot about this world. Read it.
B000006EB8|5.0|Deep Purple answered to noone when creating their unique and unforgettable early symphony of organ, guitar, and vocals.  The passion and youthful experimentation is readily apparent on every song.  Evans, Simper,  Blackmore, Lord, Paice and their medieval style of rock and roll is a gift  I will appreciate always. LISTEN,LEARN, READ ON!
B000003CMB|5.0|Like we totally dug this album for many stoned hours in high school, like in the quad with some frisbee, up in the skeet fields doin' bongs, etc.  &quot;You Dont Love Me&quot; is great for air guitar.  PLAY ALL NIGHT!!
0141301139|5.0|This book was really funny.  Roald Dahl is one of my favorite authors.  I want to read Matilda next.  You will like this book if you like to read books that are suspenseful.  It kept me interested the whole time.
6304795254|2.0|I agree with the viewer from San Diego.  This film is very cruel and demonstrates the makers' deep contempt for humanity.  I hope making this movie was cathartic for the director, writer et al because I'd hate to  think of them walking around with such a perspective.
0141301139|5.0|Mr. Fox is one of the funniest characters.  He is really smart and saves the day!  If you like other Roald Dahl books, then you will also like this one.  It is really good.  I loved it.
6304765789|3.0|Michael did his usual great acting and Sean was good. BUT, I stopped this movie(at the congratulatory party scene)before it reached the very end, because I think I figued out the ending.  If the ending's what I think it  is, it is very, very cruel. If it's not what I think it is, then it's ok.    This movie is not suspenseful, it stimulates your curiosity, then  manipulates you.  It has too many cheap tricks and continuity problems,  like the wine stain in the restaurant. Michael and Sean's talent saved the  film, but I did not like being toyed with.
0790735431|5.0|I really cannot understand why this movie didn't get the Academy award. I do agree to someone who said that this movie was as good as Saving Private Ryan or The Bridge Too Far (Shindlers list was even better). If you are  interested in the European air war, this is better than the Battle Of  Britain because, having the same level of realism with the Battle of  Britain, this movie has very rich expression of the feeling of the crews.  Though I'm not an American, and though my country was one of those who  fought against the US during the WWII, what I see in this movie is the  reason why I love America. This movie is not just about B17 and European  air war, but this is about good old Americans. It's about good young  Amricans that we can still meet sometimes. Also, this movie has a very good  accuracy, if you watch the move of P51s trying to protect B17 from the  Bf109s, you may see that. They used real B17s, p51s and Bf109s and took the  picture from B25. This movie has both the feeling of the young crews who  fought the war and the realistic picture of the air war. If you watch this  once, it is a nice movie, but watching it again and again and seeing more  details of it, you may think that this is not just a nice movie. I hope  someday I could watch this movie on the big screen at the big movie  theater...
6304011431|5.0|The main character , if you can really call him one, is an anemic holed up genious, who is brought out of hiding to be reassimulated to the outside  world . He does not fit in, and gets tormented by bullies. Instead of  finding common ground , he longs to go back into the basement, where he  stayed his entire life. At the end of the movie  Powder runs from his  mentors, and rehabilitors to the middle of a field where he mysteriously  self  destructs. Best part of the film, especially since its the end .   This movie trys to teach us to pity those that  are shy and dont fit in  with society and assumes they are pure and inoccent. Big crock of shit.   However, like the first reviewer I'll get It 5 stars if you are searching  for something truely bad!
6300248550|4.0|This version, and the more recent A&amp;E version, are the two best adaptations I have seen of my favorite novel. While Dalton did a wonderful job, he IS too handsome to play Mr. Rochester. When Jane says she does not  think him handsome, you simply don't believe her!<br />The production values  are not as good as the acting; the music is cheesy and the costume designer  has for some reason seen fit to make all the women wear dresses that give  them the illusion of enormous hips. However, you soon forget that as you  get swept up in the story. I agree with JulepPark's review- the drawing  room scene is heart-wrenching.<br />There is one thing I didn't like, though-  it ends too fast! It seems to stop in the middle of a scene, then go to the  epilogue. But that is easily forgiven for the sake of the rest of it. This  is worth every penny of the price.
630516603X|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this video - so much so that I immediately bought the CD.  It was put together masterfully with the various elements of song, dance and instrumentals done with the audience in mind.
0684800713|4.0|This story is told mainly through dialogue, which made it hard for me to follow the plot. I don't remember ever reading in the book that Jake Brnes is impotent. I only realized the depth of this novel after reading the  Cliff's Notes. I had to read in a place where I could devote all my  concentration to the book so I could get the best possible understanding of  it. This book does have a lot of thematic issues, though, and the reader  really needs to think to be able to pick up on all of them. I would  recommend that other readers of this book also get the Cliff's Notes. If  you are good at figuring out a plot and themes from a story that is mainly  dialogue, then this is a good book for you.
0792153294|5.0|One of the best movies I've seen this year.  Compared to this, &quot;Armageddon&quot; was pure trash.
0812550757|1.0|Ender's Game is me and my best freinds favorite book ever. This book, however, was unbearably atrocious. There were maybe three sentences with the faintest hint of some remote, indirect quality. The only thing good  about this book is that without it, the best book ever would not exist in  the form of a novel/Novella, simply a series of stories in Analog SF  magazine.
B00000G3PA|1.0|This movie has no basis in reality whatsoever.  If you want a good sci-fi thriller, see &quot;Deep Impact&quot; instead.
1573226521|5.0|I bought &quot;The Beach&quot; On a Thursday and finished it by that Saturday night! I was so absorbed by the story and the thoughts and feelings of Richard I couldn't put it down. I enjoyed every single page of  this book! It was a welcome change from my boring 9th grade reading lists!
630439845X|5.0|A stunning masterpiece.  I was utterly enthralled by this movie.  My husband even loved it, and he usually only watches action movies!
6305388458|5.0|One of the classic Monty Python films.  Not if you're sensitive about Christian religion
B000002C25|5.0|&quot;Be Here Now&quot; is for sure the best Oasis album. It has their greatest songs, and it shows how well they can make music.<br />When I bought this CD I wasn't sure if I was going to like, but after I listened to songs  like &quot;D'You Know What I Mean?&quot;, &quot;All Around The World&quot;,  &quot;Stand By Me&quot;, and the title track &quot;Be Here Now&quot;, I saw  that once again Oasis did a great job!!
6301966562|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was six years old!, My father taped every movie on HBO, it's an old EP tape with horrible blurrieness, but my fondest memoy is the music, the imagery with the popular style of the time,  although the tape is way far beyond &quot;Tracking&quot; the songs play in  my memory with crystal clear precision, and now again, as I buy a piece of  my childhood.
0399143904|4.0|I was hoping for a follow-up to Executive Order, which left us hanging, wondering about the future of the US government.  What Clancy gave us was a change of direction.  Rather than terrorists after the US, they are after  the world as we know it.  The ultimate of idealistic cleansing.  <br />While  the characters were familiar and the book was thoroughly enjoyable, I hope  Clancy takes a step back and fills in the gap between Executive Order and  Rainbow Six.
B00000ICD9|5.0|I just recently saw this on Pay-Per-View,and I must say,it touched me.It's the best film I've seen.Robin Willaims was fantastic.I don't think any other film will get to me the way this one did.
6304509162|5.0|This movie is a good recommendation to anyone who likes horror. It has great special effects and a great cast. It is about a family who's house is invaded by poltergeist, and you will never believe the ending.
0380002930|5.0|Richard Adams is the mastermind storyteller whose beautiful imagery makes his words come alive.  I couldn't seem to put this book down!  I'm looking forward to reading the sequel, Tales from Watership Down.  (Just can't get  enough of Hazel and his wonderful friends!)  I recommend this classic to  anyone, regardless of age, looking for a thrilling adventure in reading.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|My lttle brother just got this CD for his birthday two days ago and he hasn't stopped playing it yet. I am a full-fledged fan of good punk, but this is just wnna bee stuf. Half of the people who buy it , buy it because  all their friends have. And tha's just sad man. Don't be a sell-ou
0452277752|4.0|i enjoyed all of these stories EXCEPT the long walk. i dont understand why other reviewers found the long walk to be so entertaining. it is very boring and repetitive( he keeps on walking person gets killed) .on the  other hand it DID  make you feel as if i was walking with them (i wanted  the story to end!). rage was fun if not a bit corny and roadwork is a great  story. the running man as quite good as well.
B000000HZT|5.0|THEY DON'T MAKE MUSIC LIKE THIS ANY MORE. BANKS WAS THE HEART AND SOUL OF THE OLD GENESIS AND THIS RECORDING SHOWCASES HIS FINE KEYBOARD TECHNIQUE AS WELL AS SUPERB MELODIC WRITING.  THE SONG &quot;LUCKY ME&quot; AND 'THE  LIE&quot; AS WELL AS THE INSTRUMENTALS ARE  WORKS OF ART.  THIS ALBUM  SHOULD APPEAL TO ANY OLD GENESIS FAN; ESPECIALLY IF YOU LIKED TRICK OF THE  TAIL OR WIND AND WUTHERING.
0590353403|5.0|I think this was a great book for kids of all ages. I haven't read a book this good in years. I recimend this book to anyone in the world. And it truly is the best book that I ever. Though I haven't read the next one,  HARRY POTTER AND THE CHAMBERS OF SECERETS. But I bet its better than the  first one. A magicle story indeed. If I had a list of my favorite books,  this would be number one. I herd their will be 8 altogether, and they will  probily keep getting better and better and  better. I know that I will be  getting every single one in the series. If their is a better series of  books in the world, I will be very superiesed.
0788811355|1.0|So Boring Well made but SO BORING i only Liked The Nurse It Was so bad I turned it off in the middle of it my parents fell asleep during it
0590353403|5.0|I think this is a great book for kids of all ages. A wonderfull story of muggles, witches, and wizards. It told a story about how Harry Potter was miserable with the Dursley's, to where he was a great wizard. Though, their  are some rough end to work out first.
0385474547|5.0|After reading some African proverbs and learning about the rich tradition of oral storytelling in African culture, this story simply illuminated so much for me. The main character, though certainly flawed even in the eyes  of his own tribe, carries his pride and hubris at a breathtaking pace.  Though some may not care for such character development, I appreciated the  author's style in illuminating even the secondary characters as each piece  fell into place when the diffusion of colonialism took place. Fiction such  as this is even more powerful when one takes time to get background  knowledge about the Ibo of south Nigeria and their aspirations for  preserving their identity - not only in the face of Christian missionary  zeal, but also in the face of conflict and tragedy with the central  government of Nigeria as seen in the Biafra civil war of the 1970's.
6300182355|5.0|Everyone needs a campy, cult classic to look up too, and this is the one from the 80's.  I am 51 years old and I will never get tired of watching Flash and listening to Queen.  Flash and Queen rule!
0684867621|2.0|Another over-hyped disappointing read by S.K. The &quot;being&quot; stalking the girl in the woods could have been so much more chilling..remember Cujo? I think Trish needed some more harrowing  adventures on her trek and more physical obstacles to overcome. The story  plodded tiredly along, just like Trish.
6300182282|5.0|If you liked &quot;Bridges over Madison County&quot;, you will love this video.  A most unlikely love affair.  Great romantic comedy.  Alan Alda at his best!
078322706X|5.0|When I first saw the coming attractions for &quot;Meet Joe Black&quot;, I really wanted to see it.  I never got around to seeing it in the theater, but when it came out on tape, I rented it on a night that I knew I wouldn't  be able to put the tape(s) on until at least 11:00p.m.  I figured I'd give  it a shot, and if I wasn't totally into it, I'd shut it off and save it for  another day.  Well, once I put the tape on, I didn't want it to end.  I  think the acting was incredible and I LOVED the story.  I didn't think it  was even one minute too long.  I'd definitely recommend this movie (in  fact, I already made a few people watch it, and they loved it too!!)  I've  seen it 3 times already, and I can't wait to see it again.  DEFINITELY two  thumbs up!!!!!!!
B000005J56|5.0|... <br />Cooder interferes with the master Cuban musicians on every track -- it's great that the guys are finally getting some recognition, but this is a fusion session being billed as \\"pure\\" son, which is most decidedly isn't. For that, you might try Vieja Trova Santiaguera.
0887307280|4.0|I was given this book by by employer, upon notice of my resignation to start my own company.  He felt that after I read it I would no longer want to be an entrepenuer.  WRONG!  This book is not so much a &quot;how  to&quot; be a manager (though it does give some very specific guidelines)  as it is a psychological look at entrepenuers - what works, what doesn't,  how to get yourself in the correct frame of mind to proceed.  How you - the  entrepenuer - need to need to look at the business in order to be  successful - so that you can run the company, instead of it running you.   <br />I gained a lot of insight from this book.  I did feel it was very wordy,  and really warm-fuzzy (Sarah wants her pies to show she cares - Sarah wants  her spirit to be free - the author cares about Sarah AND her spirit, yada  yada yada).  Other than a few strange digressions, I found it very  enjoyable and I believe it will be helpful.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I have to admit: when I first heard the CD I was a little more than disappaointed, but then I listened to it again.  And again.  And after about the 3rd time I was hooked.  This is one of my favorite CDs now and I  can't wait for Alanis to come out with another one!
6304789300|5.0|&quot;People lost in the wilderness tend to die from shame.&quot; This oft repeated theme in the movie links the story to our everyday lives. Confronted with adversity, men tend to blame themselves or others and  wallow in regret and confusion, rather than muster available resources and  think smart. Alec Balwyn and Anthony Hopkins, adversaries for the same  woman, render splendid life/death performances. And the Kodiak beak? He  deserves an Academy Award nomination, I believe. Hopkins final comment in  the show is worth experiencing the entire movie. This is one of the finest  film stories I have ever had the pleasure of viewing. My wife and I both  loved it.
0062502182|5.0|Simple. Powerful. Magical. Minimal use of words which speak volumes. (Not as good as &quot;The Little Prince&quot; though!)
B00000FYIL|5.0|This music stands well on its own, but it is even better appreciated with the film...
B0000024JN|5.0|For all you people out there who think @$$holes like Tupac rule the rap world, then how the hell can you even PRETEND to be cool? THIS rules rap. Actually, ILL COMMUNICATION is the best one out there, but this is a close  second! Here's some trivia: the same guy who produced this CD (Rick Rubin)  also produced Chef Aid, the South Park CD! Bet you didn't know that!!!  Anyway this CD kicked open the doors to rap. Poof Daddy and Mase must BOW  DOWN to this album! If you like Run DMC, you will LOVE this album! It's so  God damn great, you'll be listening to it 'til the day you die.
0783233477|2.0|&quot;Meet Joe Black&quot; was a drag.  It kept dragging on, not wanting to end.  Think of a stubborn spike being driven into a piece of knotty oak.   The finality of this film came three and one-half hours in, in what  seemed like eternity with what seemed like every out-take left in.  <br />Pacing and length, towering above any apparent cinematic style, provided  excellent saboteurs in making this film one of unfilled potential.   For  the most part this movie was deadpan serious and a yawner save coming alive  on occasion with exchanges of some clever dialogue. Yet even with this  little spark, it failed to ignite MJB, for just about every single scene  was excruciatingly long and tiring. It seemed as if either the editing  machine broke down or the makers of the film got so enamored with their  handiwork they couldn't decide what cuts to make.  The result was that  everything got left in.  What probably could have worked as a shorter film  - or even as a farce - was too melodramatic and hokey.  The filmmakers took  the topic and indeed themselves way too seriously.  The old saying that  &quot;the good die young,&quot; might aptly be restated:  &quot;To 'Meet  Joe Black', Death came too late.&quot;<br />Death's usurping the body of a  young man to fulfill a special earthly mission while falling in love  promised to be a tricky proposition to pull off.  From this standpoint of  plot, the film wasn't a disappointment and did fulfill its almost  self-fulfilling prophecy to come up short.    The body that was chosen for  Death - Joe Black - couldn't have come in a prettier form of blood and  flesh.  Brad Pitt could steal any woman's heart, I suppose, even if in this  miscast role of Death he did come across as if he had been born the day  before.  Wide-eyed and fresh-as-new-snow in his knowledge of life and its  pleasures, he showed himself to be a fast learner, puckering up those lips  for the obligatory love scene.  Seeing that Adonis physique getting hot and  bothered showed that even Death can be human.  It gave the ladies in the  audience and those of nontraditional sexual orientation their money's  worth. It wasn't hard to imagine these raw images firing up sounds of oohs  and aahs in viewers as he and Susan Parish (Claire Forlaine) cooed and  cawed and grimaced and earned the movie its PG-13 rating.  From my lofty  perch, however, it's hard to conceive of anything death wouldn't have known  about in life, for the two go hand-in-hand.  Death/Brad Pitt was  ingenuously out of touch with the happenings in life, yet paradoxically  possessed so much insight on other things.  In the matter of love, which is  intrinsic to life, Death knew nothing about.  But he knew the skinny - all  the dirt and good things, too - about the key players in the film.  It  would seem that to know death (which Mr. Pitt was) is to know life.   Why  then was Death clueless about female wiles while knowing so much about  everything else?  Is this too philosophical?  Too picky?  Or am I the one  who is taking myself too seriously instead? <br />All this wetness behind  Death's ears notwithstanding, one cannot help but to get a chuckle out of  the movie's second best running gag.  Death's ET-like mulling over the  spoonful of peanut butter and the ways to down it did cut into the monotone  of this feature-and-a-half-length picture.  Praise be to Death who did come  through in the clutch stealing the show and saving the day, ultimately, by  giving the wannabe corporate cut-throat his comeuppance with the best gag  about nothing being certain but &quot;Death and Taxes&quot;.  Not to take  anything away from an overly serious film.  it did have its lighter  moments, although few and far between long takes in which everybody spoke  in low tones as if they had trouble expressing their true, innermost  feelings like those at an Inner Child Within meeting or something.  When  Mr. Parish (Anthony Hopkins) became infuriated, Death tried to settle him  down.  &quot;Don't have a heart attack. . .you'll ruin my vacation.&quot;   There should have been a few more doses of comic relief like this in an  all-too-serious film like Meet Joe Black.<br />Such seriousness may not be as  big a culprit in the film's lack of punch as the slow pace and long length.   What could have been a well-versed screenplay turned out to be an  unwitting accomplice to the movie's failure.  I kept waiting for something  exciting to happen.  Getting nothing is a terrible letdown.  For one thing,  it took too long for the plot to begin to unfold, and when it did, it was  hard to discern what it was.  Too often the dialogue was cryptic and  impeded the understanding of the film.  May I use the word,  &quot;Serlingesque&quot;?   I just did. . .left to your interpretation.<br />I  hate to rant on.  (I could be accused of being long-winded myself).  But I  do have one more thing to say. . . or to ponder.  This has to do with the  film's budget.  Was it on a low budget affair or did it just appear that  way?  In its use of special effects it looked amateurish and its use of  extras looked like a tightwad was at the helm of production.  Joe Black  (before Death usurped him) hurtling through the air the way he did after  getting hit could have been itself comic relief.  It looked so much like a  dummy and the set for that scene looked like an honest-to-goodness sound  stage.   A tight film budget may have reared its head on the board of  directors, who remained mum and stoic throughout their presence on screen.   Seriously, a few words would have been called for from a few members during  the cloak and dagger meeting in which the ouster of Parish was raised.   This scene demanded interaction.  The cynic in me asks if these characters  sat stone silent because the producer was too cheap to pay them the upgrade  from extra to bit player.   <br />Though redeeming qualities in Joe Black were  infrequent, there were some.  A few scenes could be preserved for a film  school acting class and on screenwriting dos and don'ts.  The film did not  look like it was directed by someone of Martin Brest's track record and  capabilities.  Weaknesses in the movie rest squarely on his shoulders.  The  actors seemed strained at times and the dialogue pulled out like hot water  taffy. That's because everything was way, way too long.  The 40 minute  ending had the makings of a tear-jerker, but the duration to get it over  with (Parish's demise) got in the way.  (Had he made a secret deal with  Death behind the scenes for &quot;just one more day. . .?) 20 minutes for  all this would have given people time enough to cry and get it out of the  system.  Instead, it gave them time to dab their eyes dry and await another  emotional farewell of false endings.  By the time the real ending came  around, it hurt too much to cry (being so long).  <br />Meet Joe Black should  have been a comedy.  In a sense it was.
0375707972|5.0|I know this book was panned in Oprah's Book Club of the month.  Mostly because of the age difference between the two characters.  I did not necessarily approve of the relationship but I don't think this book was  really about the two of them.  It was more about the depths that a person  would take to cover up the fact that they could not read.  What the  character did to cover this was horrible.  We all have some  secret we're  ashamed of but I know I would not have gone so far to hide a shameful  secret. It's been a long time that I have read a book that made me think.   It's been over a week since I have read it and it's still fresh in my mind.   I recommend this book to anyone who has an open mind and can overlook the  relationship between the two characters.  Read on and don't close your mind  to something that may shock you or even discust you. I read this in one  sitting.  It's an easy read and very well written.
B00000G3PA|1.0|I am shocked to see ANY positive reviews of this movie.  It has a weak plot, poor acting, and abundant cliches.  The only redeeming qualities in this movie can be found in the special effects, which were pretty  impressive.  However, special effects alone cannot help this movie.  Don't  waste your money!
0140281622|1.0|When you reach page 300 of a book and it's still boring, STOP. NOT ONE WORD MORE. Any optimism won't change the unread content. Unless money has been tucked as a bookmark later on, you won't miss a thing. &quot;Grapes of  Wrath&quot; made me want to have a glass of wine and plot my revenge on  those who have declared it a classic. Oh well. At least the title was  interesting.
6300151379|5.0|The photography, the phantasy plot and the acting were really excellent. I can't understand why it is out of production. If a good master could be converted to DVD format, I would buy it in an instant.
0441172717|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read . He describes the desert so well that you will have to read this book with a glass of water beside you
0790737345|5.0|Just great! This is one of that rearest movies you can find nowadays. It has everything: from the mild and preety special effects to the excellent work of great actors. I still can't realise that everything could happen in  such way. I can't think Maggi...well, if you're female, get ready for the  crying and tears...
6300216268|5.0|Harold is 19. He is young, wealthy... and suicidal.  Bright, observant, Harold is too perceptive to be spared a realization he lives life devoid of meaningful relationships, and of meaning itself.  He attempts to escape his  shallow, pointless existence by killing himself...over and over again...in  a string of the most hilarious suicides imaginable.  His self-absorbed  socialite mother, who set the benchmark for shallow pointlessness, is  hapless witness to all Harold's 'deaths.'       Enter Maude. In the sunset  weeks of her 9th decade, she waltzes to funerals with a sunny umbrella.   Life's faithful lover, she never rejects an opportunity to partake in a new  experience, whether bitter or sweet, pure or profane.    Polar opposites,  Harold and Maude become one of the oddest couples ever committed to film.   Maude imparts to Harold life's most important precepts, baptizing him in  philosophies from which he emerges a healthier person.       The story  line, settings and performances justify Harold and Maude's reputation as an  enduring classic.  Cat Stevens' heartwarming lyrics and music make it  complete.       As a professional who works with children and adolescents,  I suspect some of this film's appeal is the philosophy it promotes.  Harold  and Maude reminds us of a basic human principle:   To embrace the fullness  of life, we must first embrace ourselves.
B000002MP2|4.0|Dookie is a great CD, but Nimrod is much better. Also, some songs sound the same, but they'll still get stuck in your head for days.If you are new to Green Day, get Nimrod instead, and if you like that get this.
B00000ICD9|2.0|I saw this movie and I really didnt think it was funny, touching, and to me it really didnt make much sense. I love Robin Williams but felt this film just didnt cut it. I cannot explain why but I couldnt sit through it  again if I tried!
B00000IIXH|3.0|Three new &quot;tracks&quot;, otherwise just a sampler of the &quot;Tracks&quot; box set. Of the 3 new songs, Trouble River is just an attempt to squeeze something out of a typical Springsteen image-phrase. I'm  sure many people questioned why the next two songs weren't released on  Tracks. Why? So Columbia could save them for release on another CD. The  Fever is from the E Street Shuffle sessions and bootleg copies received  heavy radio play in the mid-70's. For this release the vocals and bass  sound off to the side of the room when compared to the vinyl versions. The  Promise is somewhat of a disappointment. This version was only recently  recorded. The piano sounds similar to the song that was a late-70's concert  favorite, although minus the accompanying ringing electric keyboard, but  the 1999 vocals are mumble and slur. Sounds like it was done at 5 am when  the coffee pot went dry at midnight. Lackluster. Nevertheless, it's good to  see a lot of this material released.
B000001FY9|5.0|EVERY SONG ON THIS COMPILATION IS EXCELLENT! EVERY ONE SHOULD BUY THIS CD
B000003TA4|5.0|If you're breathing, get this CD. It's a must have for anyone.Nirvana should be up there with The Rolling Stones and The Beatles.
6305171769|5.0|H20 was one of the best movies I saw in 1998. It was none stop action. It was so awesome and Jamie Lee was hot in the movie too. She looked good. The ending was the best part of the movie when Michael.... Better not say. I'll  let you people out there that haven't seen it yet, be surprised. I was.
0876852630|2.0|I was really disappointed with this boring and badly written book. The self pity, that he tries, but fails, to hide, really gets on your nerves. Sure to appeal to disillusioned 15-year olds. Wise up! Try Celine for some  intelligent pessimism.
0783229887|5.0|I didn't know what to expect from this, as child's play 3 was a bit of a let down. But, here's chucky back on form, with hilarious in jokes (blink, and you'll miss 'em!) and fatastic horror fx. TILLY gives a wonderful, dry  and sexy performance as Tiffany and DOURIF is as excellant as ever!  Thankfully, the plot dosen't give Andy Barclay a mention! Can't wait for  the next one, as chucky says, &quot;I'll be back, I always come  back!&quot;, maybe in CHILD OF CHUCKY??!!
6305229449|2.0|It amazes me how shameless the Disney people are,  slapping that label &quot;masterpiece&quot; on every recent  animated feature they've done.  And so too with &quot;Mulan.&quot;  <br /> This could have been a real  provocative piece of storytelling.  But once again, Disney plays it safe,  following the formula of past successes.  We get great animation, but a  superficial story.  Nothing really insightful about Chinese culture,  history, or for that matter, gender, is revealed. The cute  &quot;sidekick&quot; characters (this time a hip, wisecracking dragon) in  these Disney features are getting very stale. The obligatory songs, which  often trivialize what little meaning is found in the script, also get very  predictable.<br /> I keep hoping that one of these days, Disney will really  give their talented animators a chance to do a feature like no other -- a  new work which will be looked back upon as redefining the storytelling  power of this medium.  That would be a &quot;masterpiece,&quot; and  &quot;Mulan&quot; is far, far from it!
0440131480|5.0|It would be hard to describe the plot of this book.  I've read it more than 5 times and I cannot explain it.  Something about a transvestite guy named Harry LeSabre who sells cars, but not Buicks. Kilgore Trout, Dwayne  Hoover.  They're all interconnected and in fact everything that Vonnegut  writes about starting with Cat's Cradle emphasizes that some people are in  the same &quot;carass&quot;(people whose lives are intertwined whether they  know it or not) for their lifetimes.  Maybe our lives are not as random as  we thought.  I laugh out loud whenever I read this book.  I read it twice  when I was pregnant and had a boy with a great sense of humor.
0385493800|1.0|I have read and re-read many of John Grisham's books, I love the fast pace and the wonderful characters in his previous books, but 'The Testament' was a big disappointment.  No pace, no chase, no suspense, no interesting  courtroom legalities, no interesting characters. Just floating in a boat in  the jungle.
B00000263T|5.0|I listened to this when iwas alot younger than iam now Iam in my 30s Icouldnt find this CD anywhere.
0783216890|5.0|In the end, I was so teary-eyed... Gives you great respect for the geniuses and the brave and intelligent astronauts in all space programs. Maybe some time in the future we can all be worthy of space travel.
0783233477|4.0|If the movie wasn't so long, I would have given it 5 stars.  It was still a great movie!
0788811363|5.0|I had the impression before seeing this movie that it would be long/boring, and possibly a silly chick-flick.  I was wrong.  It was a beautifully shot, and a wonderfully written and acted, love story.  It  wrenched my heart.  See it, it's not overrated.
B000001GBJ|5.0|I just saw this group perform live.  I'd never heard of them before tonight, and now I'll purchase all 3 CD's.  Superb artistry; great instrumentation; they're destined for greatness!
0792139771|4.0|I learned sometime after I saw this movie that Wallace was a 'low-lander,' which means that he actually would've looked more like the English (wearing plate armor, chainmail, carrying shield, etc.), instead of the raggedy,  barbaric-looking 'high-lander' dress they made for the movie.  Oh well, I  guess if they had called the movie &quot;William Wallace,&quot; then it  might be unrealistic and a crime/tragedy to the historians...  However,  this movie probably has the best combat scenes ever made for the time  period they are portraying... I recently finished a book on warfare in  classical greece, and although a different era, found that the emotions,  situations, and realism portrayed in the movie is a good representation of  what it might have really been like at the time.
B00000DBXL|5.0|this cd is the best he band has had so far and i am disoppionted that it has only sold 158 copies at amazon, the songs really say something if you take the time to listen to them, sheep go to heaven and goats go to hell is  there brand new release and it should of been released sooner
0684867621|1.0|If you have expectations of reading Stephen King as you once loved him, forget this one.  The old and middle writings of King were my cup of tea! Then he changed.  I no longer have any desire to finish the Dark Tower  series (apparently nor does he) and what his current writing has become no  longer interests me.  This book deals with a nine-year-old who gets lost in  the woods.  Yeah, and... And that's the point.  There's not anything to it.  Skip this one.
B000002J1O|5.0|One of the greatest albums I have ever had the pleasure of hearing.  More mature than &quot;Foxtrot&quot; but not as pretentious as &quot;The Lamb...&quot;, this album, along with Jethro Tull's &quot;Thick As A  Brick&quot;, presents progressive rock the way it should be.  Too bad this  band degenerated into a mass produced pop band in their later years.
0451452739|5.0|Not that it really matters, but, like the story itself, there has been much mystery and misunderstanding of which came first, the movie or the novel.  The book \\"The Making of Kubrick's 2001\\" by Jerome Agel, if you can  still find it, will clear up this question.  The movie was based on Arthur  C. Clarke's short story \\"The Sentinel\\", published around 1950.  Kubrick and  Clarke, together, expanded this short story into the screenplay for the  movie, while Clarke wrote the novel based upon that screenplay.   Matter-of-fact, I have the novel published by Signet Book (copyright 1968),  and the cover states the following:<br />\\"2001 a Space Odyssey.  A novel by  Arthur C. Clarke.  Based on the screenplay of the MGM film by Stanley  Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke\\".
B000002J1M|5.0|Except for &quot;Time Table&quot; this album is a classic all the way through.  &quot;Can Utility And The Coastliners&quot;, &quot;Watcher Of The Skies&quot;, and the legendary &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; are spectacular  examples of the visionary nature of 70's progressive rock.
6303908306|5.0|It's a great thriller. The beginning is hard to be understood, but you'll soon get it. The movie is original with its plot, which is very intelligent.  At least, wacht it! You won't be regretful.
B000002MFE|5.0|This is the best CD i ever had. It has all the best songs of Eric clapton and worth buying.
630518299X|5.0|This movie is a beautiful piece of art.  Jim Carrey's acting is wonderful.  No pretension, no overacting (even though we love that about Jim! ;)), no cornball sentimental scenes/lines.  It is a simple story that affects  everyone in one way or another.  Truman is simply trying to break free from  the hindrances of the lies of his life.  Everyone can relate to that  feeling of being held down, maybe by some unknown force, or maybe by a  domination power.  Truman's attempts to break free and find the truth  almost brings me to tears.  He is struggling so hard yet, he falls short of  his goal many times.  In a way, Truman's story is cruel.  To trap someone,  unknowingly, to lie to them, to keep them as if they were a pet to own or  an object to look at and use is heartbreaking to me.  <br />Jim Carrey's  performance is just spectacular and I still do not understand why he, and  the movie for that matter, was not nominated for an Oscar, much less a  Golden Globe.  <br />Buy this movie.  You will not regret it.
B00000AQNY|2.0|If these fine musicians were paid by notes they played on this concert, they'd be richer than Rockefeller.  Self-indulgent and shallow musical race of the three virtuoso guitarists.  Check the rest of discography of  McLaughlin, De Lucia, (and even) DiMeola and you'll find many musical gems.   This record, however, is better left forgotten.
6304539282|5.0|I will not write much because a popular movie series that is as spectacular as the Star Wars Trilogy does not need a review. I bought this special edition from Amazon... BOY!!! I love these movies. Definitely my  favorite movie series ever. I put this movie series even over Indiana  Jones!<br />   Every Star Wars fan should buy the Special Edition. This is  after all closer to the vision that Lucas wanted. The special effects are  dazzling. I loved the frequent city scan views, the bigger, realer  explosions, and just the overall improvement of the colors. My favorite  add-in however, is the final scene in ROTJ. The final celebration was  MARVELOUS! Mos Heisley, Coruscant, and Cloud City just looked wayyyyy cool!  SPECTACULAR MOVIES!!!
B000002JEV|5.0|This cd is the best that led Zeppelin has ever made. The combanation as im my opinion the 3rd best gutarist in the world (dead or alive) the best vocals best bass player and the 3rd best drums player (d.o.a.)it is the  best ever! The 1st disk contains more of their blues side and the 2nd  contains their rock side. If u on;y by 1 Led Zeppelin cd by this one!!!!!!!
B00000DHRX|5.0|A friend encouraged me to buy this collection and I am glad that he did. It is wonderful, wonderful, wonderful! The new songs are fun and the old songs bring back memories. The only drawback was the &quot;new and  different&quot; version of &quot;I Want Your Sex&quot;, I want the MTV  played track. Otherwise I would recommend this to anyone!
6301966988|4.0|Patrick Swayze is a god in our house!  Ghost is a great movie, full of all the things girls love to watch - romance, suspense and Pathrick Swayze. We also really like the ghost on the subway.
6305268843|5.0|Thoroughly enjoyed this film. We watched it twice! We were drawn into the story from the opening and stayed with it to the end. A hardy, Well Done to the Writer-Director William Nicholson. The acting by Sophie Marceau was  spellbounding! Five Stars to her alone.  Stephen Dillane, a new face to us  was surperb. The little girl, what can you say, she made it all come  together.  A compelling story acted out with conviction and feelings. We  loved it.
0920668372|5.0|This book was in the teachers' lounge one day and I read it as I was using the copier.  I was so touched by it that I bought my personal copy at a book fair at my child's school. My mother recently went home to be with the  Lord, and I thought of this book.  I sent each of my seven siblings his/her  own copy.  I know it will bring tears to their eyes; however, it should  also bring joy to their hearts. I sent it to reassure them that they should  have no regrets.  Mother loved us with that same kind of devotion, and my  siblings were as loving and devoted to our Mother as this son was to his.
6300181464|5.0|First, let me say that this film is dated, and not the best ever made. That being said, by all means see this film! It is intellegent, thought-provoking, and surprising. It is not a noisy action-fest like so  many sci-fi movies have become these days.<br />A friend of mine disagrees  with me over the sanity of Dern's character, which surprised me because I  thought my view of it was obvious.<br />Not too many films have such a  wide-ranging allowance for the viewer to interpret the film their own way.  &quot;2001&quot; comes to mind. Not many others.<br />By the way, this film  introduced believeable 'droids five years before &quot;Star Wars&quot;, but  nobody seems to mention this picture when talking about such topics.<br />Get  yourself a copy. You won't regret it.
0783204914|5.0|I have probably watched &quot;Scent of A Woman&quot; thirty times. I find it one of those movies that becomes hypnotic a few minutes into it. Al Pacino is absolutely outstanding in the role of Lieutenant Colonel Frank  Slade, retired from the U.S. Army. Slade, blinded by a drinking/grenade  game he was playing with one of his drinking buddies, is now living as an  embittered alcoholic with an adult niece, her husband and two little  children. He is an arrogant, angry man used to issuing orders and not  displaying very much gratitude or affection. <br />Charlie Simms, played well  by Chris O'Donnell, is a scholarship at a nearby prep school in the same  town in New Hampshire where Slade lives. Charlie's trying to earn some  money over the Thanksgiving weekend so that he can travel home to his  parents in Oregon at the Christmas break.He discovers an ad placed by  Slade's niece to care for her blind uncle over the Thanksgiving break so  that she can travel with her husband and kids to Albany, New York for  Thanksgiving with her in-laws.Charlie answers the ad and the adventure  quickly develops.<br />Slade has his own plans for Thanksgiving. A last big  blowout in New York City before killing himself.<br />He is abusive to Charlie  at first and acts as if he is one of his military aides. He doesn't let him  in on his plans until it's practically time to leave for New York -- while  Charlie had been told by Slade's niece that the weekend would be at her  home looking after her uncle.<br />A beautiful bonding begins as Slade and  Simms interact and except for his anger and bitterness, it is obvious that  Slade is not particularly handicapped by his blindness as he has developed  an extra few &quot;senses&quot; which make him seem remarkable. <br />The  journey to New York is a roller coaster of emotion from comic to touching  to almost tragic. When Slade finally decides to kill himself, Charlie  manages to save the day -- although it's pretty touch and go keeping you onthe edge of your seat throughout.<br />Charlie has problems of his own. He's  not particularly self confident and Slade is tremendously intimidating.  Charlie's other problems center around an incident at school which places  him at a crossroads -- whether he should rat on some kids at school at the  headmaster's own brand of intimidation, or face expulsion.<br />The movie  concludes with an impassioned speech by Colonel Slade on Charlie' behalf  before a school-wide assembly being held for a disciplinary committee  hearing on the incident Charlie has knowledge of.<br />Simms remains true to  himself and proves himself to show new confidence and an outstanding sense  of personal integrity.<br />Slade has also benefited by his own plans gone  awry and his opening a window of care for Charlie as another human being.  He emerges as a sign of hope to overcome his bitterness, anger and  alcoholism.<br />An absolutely remarkable film!!!
B000003TA4|5.0|I'm getting tired of all the people saying that nirvana is not music.  There are many types of music and because goblins eat hey, there is no reason fro name calling. long livce kurt!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|songs 2 check out: #2,3,4,5,&amp;11  Awesome songs, really cool tracks.  That's about it.  The music isn't only punk, though.  It's got a little of everything 4 every1
1573225517|5.0|Not only was the book and some its characters straight from a BBC sitcom with their dry humor, but their outlooks on life and what is important to them is refreshing in a novel form.  So many times we read book where every  character (even supporting ones) have an overall agenda and strive for a  higher goal by the finale of a book.  Not here, that is why it is so real.  How many friends and loved ones do you know that still muddle through life  after all these years?  Well, they are all represeneted in this book.<br />As  far as the main character Rob, though we may not have the same job, and he  is fictional, his thoughts I am sure have crossed those of many men over  the years.  That's why it was so scary to me.  I saw parts of my life, my  justifications, my actions resonating here between pages.  There were times  I laughed out loud (okay numerous times), but also took moments to reflect  that I had done and am doing the same things Rob is doing.  And I'm sure my  friends could say the same things about themselves.<br />Even if you are not a  british rock fan (I'm not), hopefully you'll enjoy this book as much as I  did.
0553011804|5.0|I first read this book in fifth grade.  I think at that point, I basically got it, but I don't think I fully grasped all the nuances (I suppose I probably still don't grasp all the nuances of this book).  I reread it  recently, and by the time I was finished, I couldn't believe it. It is so  beautifully written, and the end was so amazing, that I actually cried.  I  never cry at movies or books. I couldn't stop thinking about the book for  three days.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who wishes to read an  amazing commentary on human nature, and the destruction that it brings.
B000002KN8|2.0|Though this album has three great singles, it has traits that many debuts carry:  lots of filler and undevelopment, but promise.  This is notable in the Depeche Mode colletion, if only because it was  Vince Clarke's only  album with the boys.  However, he would go on to create better albums with  Yaz and Erasure, and the rest of Depeche Mode would move into darker  territory.  Besides, some of this music sounds really corny and dated.
0792151712|5.0|In part, it is the romance that unfolds in the first half of the film that makes the second half so emotionally moving.  But clearly some of the best moments in the film come not from Jack or Rose, but from others around  them.  Two of them are particularly striking: (1) When an embittered Cal  Hockley realizes that Rose would rather die with Jack than live with him,  Cal grabs his valet's pistol and chases them down the grand staircase,  shooting until the gun is empty [A magnificiently villainous moment]; and  (2) The &quot;Nearer My God to Thee&quot; scene, where the string quartet  plays one last song, realizing that they are doomed to die.  Director James  Cameron uses this time to show you how several passengers choose to spend  their last moments, from the elderly couple embracing each other on top of  their bed, to the mother telling her children one last bedtime story, to  the frantic chaos on deck as male passengers scramble to board the last  lifeboat (including both Hockley and Jack's Italian friend Fabrizio, who  scrambles to remove the lifejacket from another DEAD passenger).<br />To those  who refuse to see &quot;Titanic&quot; for whatever reason (including all  the Leonardo DiCaprio haters): you really don't know what you're missing  (Incidentally, the TRUE star of the film was Kate Winslet, not DiCaprio)!
6305426651|5.0|I hesitate to &quot;review&quot; this film, because mere words do not seem enough.  This film must be seen to be appreciated.  Roberto Benigni is a genious. I have never before seen a film that evokes such a range of  emotions.  The music, the actors, the story, the feelings blend to create a  once-in-a- lifetime film.  (Even the English subtitles are a plus, not a  minus.)  At the end, you will emerge believing that Life is, indeed,  Beautiful.
0140434135|4.0|The book does a good job of keeping the storyline simple and uncomplicated .. not too many characters. However, the fact that it is the first book Jane Austen wrote comes across easily.. it cannot compare with other books  of hers. It has a particularly abrupt ending which was rather  disappointing.
B000005JXG|5.0|From start to finish this is the best Pogues album that money can buy. You start out by hurtling through the title track, &quot;Turkish Song of the Damned&quot; and &quot;Bottle of Smoke.&quot; Pour yourself a pint, sit  down and strap yourself in. This is a great album with a great mix of  reels, harmonies, tearing instrumentals and melancholy lyrics.  &quot;Birmingham Six&quot; should have been in the movie &quot;In the  Name  of the Father&quot;- this is the album that U2 wishes it could make. I  agree with an earlier post- spend your last 20 dollars and save your soul  !!
6300213714|2.0|This is a pretty cheesy flick. Our heros , accused of a murder they didn't commit, face barriers on their treck back to Coney island, by  rival gangs. Lots of chasing through the subway,  and unmemorable rumbles with other  gangs.  The movie, however, has some historic relevence in the perceptions  of gangs at a time when the Guardian Angels were up and comming.  Has that  New York flair, but for the most part the  movie is not that entertaining.  Have lots of  munchies on hand to get yourself through this  film if you   truely want to view it all .
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer speaks on another level musically.  Here, music is painted in bold strokes.  Daring risks are attempted and performed with finesse at every turn.  I listened to this album and it instantly felt familiar, yet  it was all astonishingly new.  From the oddball opening and beautiful bass  intermitancy of &quot;Airbag&quot;, to the sprawling scream-for-mercy  clarity of &quot;The Tourist&quot;, the album doesn't play through as much  as it unfolds, revealing more texture and melodicism in every crease.  The  dominant mood of the album is dark, but a rebellious undercurrent permeates  many of the songs.  Thom York's manipulates his voice like few pop  musicians do these days, bringing it from a wafer-thin quiver to a  banshee-like intensity, often in the same song.  The expertise and  musicianship shown on this album boggles the mind, solidifying Radiohead as  a force to be reckoned with in music today.  No one is making music like  this, it's sophisticated yet accessable...bleak yet well-blended.  One of  the best albums I've ever owned.
B000002VCO|5.0|Ammonia Avenue is not only my favorite APP album (and I have all of the Project's albums save for Freudiana), it is my favorite album period!!  This is the most solid album I've ever heard!  There is absolutely not one  weak song in the bunch!  It is Eric Woolfson at his best!  If you like the  hit singles &quot;Prime Time&quot; and &quot;Don't Answer Me,&quot;  purchase this album with confidence.  It will not disappoint!
B00000ILDE|5.0|I don't think I have to try to sell this movie to anyone.  It's just incredible.  It's James Cameron's best flick, far better than Titanic and it's finally going to be available on DVD.  Now if we could just get  Apocalypse Now and Excalibur on DVD, I would be a very happy guy.  Get  Aliens on DVD right away!
630242335X|4.0|Star Trek was at its best when it focused on the political drama of the Federation and its opposing empires in episodes like &quot;The Enterprise Incident&quot; and &quot;Balance of Terror.&quot; &quot;Undiscovered  Country&quot; plays off that strength by choosing as its theme a key event  in the future-history of Star Trek: the decline of the Klingon Empire,  which mirrors the decline of the Soviet Empire. The analogy might have  seemed a bit too obvious in 1991, but this particular Star Trek film serves  as a reminder of that era, just as episodes from the 1960s TV series remind  us of the public's consciousness of the Vietnam War.  But  &quot;Undiscovered Country&quot; goes even further. It showcases all the  things people love about Star Trek's family of characters: Mr. Spock uses  his flawless logic in a &quot;who-dunnit&quot; about the assassination of a  Klingon peace envoy; Bones McCoy has classic rib-tickling reparte with Kirk  (when long-time womanizer Kirk kisses model Iman, Bones says, &quot;What is  it with you?&quot;) ; Scotty displays his knowledge of current Klingon  technology,  and even die-hard Star Trek fan Christian Slater gets a  walk-on role as a Starfleet ensign. But my favorite performance is by the  actor playing the Federation President. Rather putting on some kind of  stiff &quot;alien&quot; accent, the heavily made-up actor delivers his  lines in straight contemporary American English. He may be from the other  side of the galaxy, but his accent says 20th century Earth.
0896760839|5.0|This book is by the world's foremost researcher of costume and it shows!  The attention to detail, history and patterns are invaluable.  Although Ms. Arnold has recently passed, this series of costume books are truly a legacy  of her greatness.  NOT FOR A BEGINNER.  Imperative for the advanced  costumer who wishes for authentically reproduced garments.  The patterns  are taken directly from the garments themselves.  Her bibliography is  exhaustive.  Her historical notes, awe-inspiring.  I would be lost without  this book.  (I am on my second copy.) Amazon's price is excellent. In some  circles it is much, much more.  -- Tonessa West Crowe
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Well lets see I recommend buy all there cds cause they are the best band. Not many bands are better period And for the DAve Mathew fans you SUCK!!!! so does DAVE MATHEWS BAND!!! OFFSPRING WOULD KICK THERE ASS!!! OFFSPRING  LIVE IS the best concert I dont know which one of there cds is the best  between SMASH, Americana, or Ixnay on the Hombre all I know is the are the  best band and well all there cds rock THE HOUSE and if you aint down with  OFFSPRING I got two words! SPANK IT!!!
6305171769|4.0|H20 has been slammed by so many people. Probably becuase they were excpecting it to be as good as the first. Of course it's not, but still is good.  IT was great to see Jamie Lee Curtis back in horror after 15 years.   They really made a good part for her and she still has her ability to be  the rightful Scream Queen.  The movie did ignore parts 4-6, but that was  intentionally done to focus on Laurie Strode.  It would take hours to fully  explain what has been going on over 20 years.  The movie has(as always) a  great story line, and the actors where very good.  It really captivates  Lauries life after 20 years including flashbacks to the closet sceene in  part 1.  Rent this movie, it's very good and you should like it.  But don't  watchit excpecting something like the first, cause the you will be  dissapointed.  But it's entertaining and scary at several parts and Micheal  still proves he's the man!!!  And again Jami Lee Curtis is still hot at 40  and busted down all the pretenders to her &quot;Scream Queen&quot; Throne  with this one!!!
B000002UZ1|5.0|This is an album pourly for Beatles lovers. All of the tracks are unique in their own way and this is the Beatles so it has to be good. To be this is the best collection of Beatles songs ever made.
B000002H70|5.0|What can I say, this is #1.  I own over 600 CDs and this is the best, it stands the test of time, it is my favorite, even after 10 years I love it.  It is more than just a collection of songs to me, it is part of me (sorry  to sound like a freak)
6305313687|4.0|This film was much better than I had expected.  I guess I thought that this was going to be just another formulaic story about a white supremacist who somehow becomes enlightened. This film is scary, intense and intelligent. The acting was superior--the dining table scene was incredible. But there were some definite flaws. There's something wrong with the overall flow of the film. It feels like several scenes pieced together, rather than one conhesive piece. Still, it makes a compelling statement and I was completely engaged throughout.
0783225733|5.0|Apollo 13 is quite possibly the best film I have ever seen.  Its dramatic rendition of the events of April, 1970 is absolutely superb.  The flawless techical references and jargon apeals to the geek in us all, and the  climatic plot line makes you feel proud to be an American.
0451191153|5.0|I think that this book is one of the best fiction books I've ever read. Although I don't understand some parts of it, I try to piece the information I collected together during parts that I understood. Because I  didn't understand Ayn Rand's philosophy beforehand, I didn't understand why  the characters chose to do the actions they did, until I read further and  started to make more sense out of it. This book mainly mentions Ayn Rand's  philosophy on individualism and objectivism, and how collectivism doesn't  enhance the society but instead is bringing it down. She further explained  this in 'Atlas Shrugged.'<br />     In the Fountainhead, the society turns  against the protagonist, architect Howard Roark, because he has a mind of  his own, loves his work, is unbending to his clients, and has real talent  on modernistic architecture. Others probaly hate him because they have on  'original' idea of their own to 'beat' him. According to 'Atlas Shrugged',  people who can't think on their own, at such creativity as innovating new  ideas, feel guilty that they can't do it. They tend to value people who  say, &quot;It's all right, you don't have to think. We're all like this,  you're not stupid.&quot; If the whole society is like this, there will be  absolutely very little improvement in anything because people are  'encouraging' each other not to innnovate new ideas for the sake of  'feeling good' together.<br />     So far, I think that Ayn Rand's philosophy  makes sense, which proves to me why she is called 'one of the most  influential thinkers.' Although in the Fountainhead, Ayn Rand's philosophy  on Individualism is quite extreme. I don't think that absolutely no  negotiating, compromising, and group work can exist in the world and this  society where it's most encouraged to do so. Roark was turning every client  that didn't accept his work by not signing the contract, eventually leaving  him with no job for a while. I think that being individualistic most of thetime is good, but you need to negotiate in situations where negotiation is  needed. Ms. Rand said that she believes that her philosophy is not widely  known right now, but it will become more popular in the future.<br />     The  character development and plot in this book are wonderful. My favorite  characters are Roark, Dominique, Wynand, Mallory, and Mike. Peter Keating  seems to be too unsure of himself and tends to stick to collectivism with  Toohey. In this book's romance, due to her love of Roark, earlier in the  story, Domonique tries to persuade Roark to quit the architecture career  and go live where no one knew them. That is because she can't stand the  society turning against Roark and can't bear anyone 'hurting' him by making  harsh comments about his work. Maybe this is the reason why all the  great-minded people disappeared in 'Atlas Shrugged', but I haven't reached  that part yet so I don't want to conclude firmly yet. Despite Dominique's  persuasions, Roark remains persistent and water wins the 'battle' against  the society that is trying to push him down. This book ends with a happy  ending, although it doesn't seem that complete. I wish there was a sequal  to this book.<br /> Overall, I recommend this book to people who are  interested in Ms. Rand's philosophy and want the concept to be introduced  to them through good fiction.
B000002LGW|5.0|I had no idea this was a live recording when I bought it, but I have not been disappointed.  In my opinion, a great performance - you can tell the guys are having fun.  The music is lively and upbeat, obviously done before  Dave Gahan got into the drug world.  I highly recommend this dual CD if you  want excellent samples of their early work.
0964385619|4.0|Having had the pleasure of hearing Robert speak on numerous occasions, I was a little disappointed that his eloquent style was not forthcoming in this book.  That aside, the information contained within is first class. As  one who has been applying these principles for several years now, it really  works. Congratulations Robert for using the leverage of books to reach a  broader audience with your excellent material. I'll have to place my order  for CASHLOW asap...
0553525964|5.0|From the reader to the text, I was completely captivated by this book.  I had a hard time turning it off and looked forward to listening to more.
B000002TYX|5.0|If I had any money I would buy it, but I am only a  small child, and I have no source of money. THE  BEATLES ROCK!!!   -Mystic Hope
6304806426|5.0|THE MOVIE DOES JUSTICE TO THE AMAZING BOOK BY A SRI LANKAN AUTHOR WHO IS ABLE TO CAPTURE VERY VIVIDLY THE SCEANES OF WORLD WAR 2 THAT SYMBOLIZES THE HUMAN SPIRIT OF EXISTENCE.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ANYBODY WHO HAS THE  ABILITY TO UNDERSTAND NOT ONLY WAR BUT ANY PAIN IN LOVE AND LIFE.
B000001GRZ|5.0|I recently did a comparative listening of the Fournier Bach suites--one of the first pieces of cello music I owned after taking up cello in fourth grade!--with recent recordings by Ma and Rostropovich.  I was delighted to  find that my old emotional memories of the Fournier were accurate--it is  completely musical from end to end, and the sound is gorgeous.  The fifth  and sixth suites, in particular, are in a class by themselves.  The  Sarabande to Suite 6 is among the most beautiful cuts of cello music ever  recorded.  More surprising was the fact that the sound and production  quality were also the best of the lot when we listened on studio monitors.   Very nice room sound, and good mastering work.  We also had the distinct  impression that mikes and mike placements were chosen for each movement  (e.g., the ambient sound for the heavy prelude to Suite 5 is different from  that of the high and fast-moving Gigue to Suite 6.)  If you want one  recording of the Bach suites, this is the one to get.
B000000WJZ|4.0|Good CD,lots of good singles,but it gets old fast.Very fast.After the song Geek U.S.A. it gets a bit boring.It is nothing compared to Mellin Collie,which is hands down the best 2 CDS of the decade.It has a lot more  variety then Siamese Dream.Ant twice as long.I recomend MC for people  looking for a SP CD to start out with,its what I chose to start out with.
B00000DBXL|4.0|i recently purchased prolonging the magic i love it!A few of the songs are pretty strange but its ,overall,a great addition to my c.d. collection.Oh,and Never There is the BEST SONG in the world!!!!!!
1560689986|5.0|The more I watch The Life of Brian, the more ridiculous phrases and references I gather to annoy my friends. This is a FUN movie, that make's you think.  It makes fun of all things equally (&quot;follow the  shoe&quot;) but with great and original wit.  If you don't get it ... you  don't get it, but if you do get it you won't get it anywhere else (&quot;We  are all individuals&quot;).  Where else could a skit about Latin grammar  seem so amusing. With a beginning, middle and a catchy song to finish, what  more could a person ask for. Do do, do do do do do do
B000002J1B|4.0|For fans of the &quot;classic&quot; Yes albums (the Yes Album, Fragile), Relayer at first may seem a disjointed, rambling assault on the senses. Gone are Wakeman's structured, classical progressions, and in are Patrick  Moraz's sci-fi, new age soundscapes that can border on the excessive. But  Relayer succeeds due to it's musical adventurism. It is intended to be a  journey into far-flung realms. Preconceptions about music are seemingly  cast-off as each member of the band pushes his musical limits. Steve Howe's  guitar playing is creative, and his frenzied fretwork is easily among his  best efforts. Squire, also pushes his limits on this album. His bass  playing alternates between fusion and furious, operating as a musical  steering wheel, often determining the direction of the music.  Anderson's  lyrics lack the wit of previous efforts, but are at their most mysterious,  almost a bit dark. White's playing is superlative and even a bit  &quot;heavier&quot; than usual. He is even afforded a classic-style  &quot;drum solo&quot; to serve as a reminder of his considerable talent.  <br />While a bit overstated at times, Moraz's keyboard playing does give this  album a distinctive flavor not found on any other Yes album. His presence  and &quot;new sound&quot; may have also served to push the other musicians  in the band to perform. <br />What the album lacks in definable structure, it  makes up for in imagination and instrumentality. As hinted on the album  sleeve, Relayer is about possibilities and discovery. At first listen, the  music seems chaotic, almost alien. It takes a few listenings for this album  to sink in. This is why Relayer is one of the true litmus tests for would  be Yes fanatics.
B0000029DD|5.0|The moment I listened to this album I knew that he was going to be one of my favorites.  Unfortunately I discovered him just months after his death. Out of all his albums this one is my favorite.
6300214354|5.0|Definitely worth a look.  Among my siblings, it's condsidered the ultimate comedy.  If your comedic tastes include the &quot;Naked Gun&quot; films with a dash of Jerry Lewis, you'll like it.
B000002KHF|5.0|&quot;Moondance&quot; is the desert island album.  I'd pick this if I could only have one.  It remains charming and exciting, balanced and satisfying. It's a little gem with not a bad track on it.  If you haven't  heard it, do yourself a favour.  And if you're my age and re-visiting Van  Morrison, this is a legacy--give it to your kids.
B000001GK9|5.0|I have studied just about all the recordings currently available of this symphony, and no other conductor had so much insight or understanding of this work. From the very first bar the music came to life and spoke to me.  It told me the story of Mahlers fears and passions in life. This work the  greatest auto-biography ever written by any composer in the musical  language came fairly late in von Karajan's career He was in his race  against time to get his repertoir digitally recorded and I presonally think  that there was a deeper connection a very intamate understanding between  the composer and the conductor of this work.  von Karajan follows the score  of this work with all the detailed markings to the finest detail and  accuracy and yet achieves something very personal in his interpretation.
B00000F1D3|5.0|When I first heard &quot;Believe&quot; I wasn't sure if  that familiar voice was really our gypsy. I loved the way her voice was mixed. The tempo of the music makes you want to dance. If you didn't have fun on the disco  floor in the 70's, try it now. I remember how fun it was and Cher was there  too. Her voice is still deep and sexy. You go girl!!
6305003882|1.0|This is absolutely garbage. I can't believe that anybody would make such a movie. If it were possible I would give it zero stars. Actually, if it were possible, I would give it -100000 stars. If there were such a thing as  negative infinity, I would give this movie negative infinity stars. This  movie sucks!
0684867621|4.0|King seems to be tackling, new (to him)waters recently with Bag of Bones and now The Girl who Loved Tom Gordon.  While I'm starting to miss the old gory fun of King of old, I enjoy his new found writing style.  I actually  care about the girl. I wanted to see her survive.  Now that's a strange  twist.
B00000I8UD|4.0|Yo, major Sylvian-head. This guy is seriously heavy, but what is he talking about? Out!
B0000029LG|5.0|I love Michael Jackson's music and I believe that he is a wonderful and loving person. I own the following Jackson Albums: Off The Wall Thriller Bad Danerous HIStory Blood On The Dance Floor - A old Jackson 5 cassette  The LIVE concert CD of The Jackson's last tour. - I have HIStory on video,  Danerous the short films, Dangerous World Tour Concert 1993 on HBO on video  tape, I have un countable tv recordings on Michael. - I write the &quot;In  My Opinion&quot; column for the 4Fans Newsletter on Michael Jackson. -  Michael has his new single: &quot;Angel&quot; coming out this August 1999.  Brace Yourselves for the return of Michael Jackson :-)
B00000I8UE|5.0|I just recently went to a concert that Cassandra Wilson did here in SC at the Greenville Peace Center.  The music, the musicians and Cassandra were excellent!  I have all confidence that the CD will be just the same.  If  you get a chance...do go see her in concert. It is worth every penny!
6303160344|5.0|BLUE is the first film in Kieslowski's THREE COLORS TRILOGY.  On the surface and most literal level, these films were designed to explore the French revolutionary ideals of liberty, equality, and fraternity as they  apply to contemporary life.  BLUE is a meditation on liberty, but a liberty  achieved through loss and isolation.  The movie is a thoughtful and  compassionate look at the events and emotions that shape the choices each  person makes in his or her life.Julie attempts to flee from her past after  surviving an accident that kills her immediate family.  She then severes  all ties to the past and leaves for Paris.  (This is not Paris of the  Nouvelle Vague or the touristic city reproduced in postcards, television,  and the movies.  It's as if the film-maker is trying to say that this story  can happen in any bustling metropolis.)  Despite her new-found anonymity in  the big city, she soon learns that the past intrudes, persistently, and  finds herself coming out of her isolation. Kieslowski doesn't quite tell us  what is going on in the mind and heart of Julie.  Instead, he indicates her  confused yet radiant soul--no small feat in these 'post-modern' times of  lost interiority.  This is what Kieslowski is after, this sense of a  vibrant imagination.  Quite appropriate to our post-ideological climate,  the film suggests that liberty is a phantom, imperfect and unrealistic at  best.  Despite how her second life turns out, Julie's long day closes with  a note of fraternity:  no man is an island, every man has a soul.
0884271153|5.0|simple yet not simplistic methods for &quot;doing the undoable&quot; in developing a ground breaking marketing strategy
B0000025D0|4.0|Following Born to Run by three years, Springsteen, as well as his characters and band, had grown up. This was life as a dead end; the characters on this album were clearly going nowhere. On Born to Run, there  was always the hope of escape. On Darkness, there was no hope at all.  Musically, the album is a lot sparer than the &quot;wall of  sound&quot;-like Born to Run. The production is crisper, and the band is  more driven by Roy Bittan's piano than the Big Man's sax (which appears  only on &quot;Badlands,&quot; &quot;The Promised Land&quot; and &quot;Prove  It All Night&quot;). Bruce also gets to show off what a great guitarist he  really is on cuts like &quot;Adam Raised a Cain&quot; and &quot;Candy's  Room.&quot; I think the album's crowning moment is the title track, which  closes the album. On it, Bruce sings  &quot;Tonight I'll be on that hill  with everything I got/ Where lives are on the line, where dreams are found  and lost.&quot; This may be the one best moment on any Springsteen album;  if it's not, it certainly sums up what his music is all about.
6303832563|5.0|Stunning visuals, seductive sound track, and not a word is spoken when the most moving message ever contained in a motion picture is unfurled to glimmer in a fleeting light. Get it, bring it back, release it on DVD, and  bring on Powaqatsi while you're at it - a DOUBLE DVD! What a great  Christmas gift!
6304057709|5.0|I watched the movie for 2 months, once or twice everyday. I guess that speaks volumes for how much I liked it. What happened after 2 months? No, I did not get bored. the tape went bad!
6305313687|5.0|This film is quite possibly one of the most powerful films released as a major film release.  Edward Norton's domination of the screen enables him as one of the premier character actors today.  The darkness of the content  is splatted with images of intense light and clarity which make the  ideological struggle in the plot that much more intimidating.  Anyone  interested in the deconstruction of hateful thought and its roots should  take this film's message into consideration...
6304510861|4.0|Man suspects wife of cheating on him. Man bumps in to creepy guy at party. Man kills wife, but can't remember it. Man transforms into another man.      If this sounds baffling, be warned: it's only half the plot! Fans of David  Lynch will love it, as will anybody who enjoys film noir, kinky sex,  mystifying mystery or visual and aural decadence.
6303908306|5.0|From the moment I heard of The Usual Suspects, I was intrigued... unfortunately it was over a year before I actually sat down and watched it... and it became my all-time favorite.  All the performances are just  insanely brilliant, and the script... well, let me just say that I wish I  had written it.  And to top it all off, it has a flawless score written by  the film's editor, John Ottman [this is why the music blends so seamlessly  with the movie].  I figured out the ending about ten minutes into the film  but as it went on I started thinking maybe I was wrong... and actually  hoped I was wrong.  I was pretty much convinced, too, until those last five  minutes.  Talk about a shock.  So I guessed the ending at the beginning and  was STILL surprised.  How many movies can do that?  I can't say enough good  things about The Usual Suspects... I've watched it over 100 times and I  enjoy it more every time.
0880381736|5.0|This book was the cause of my sleepless nights for a whole month! It will stay in my mind forever. If you don't like gut-wrenching fight scenes, suspence to keep you on the edge of your reading chair, and character that  keep you thinking, then don't buy this book... But if you like exciting and  suspencful reading, then buy the entire Dragonlance chronicals. It's a  great investment. I would give this book 50 stars if I had the option.
0767802659|5.0|I'm currently raising the marks of this type of movies cause we are surrounded by stupid ppl. Was this movie realistic? NO WAY! Was it fun? ONE OF THE BEST! if you guyz that give 1 star can think about it 1 seconde  you'd understand that a movie is only a portal to another world....WHY  would they HAVE to put every limits we have in reality!? THIS ISN'T  REALITY!!! thats what are movies meant for. To give you another  exemple...take the book &quot;it&quot; from stephen king...WHO could say  its bad? I sure hope no one cause its one of his best novel....but then  again is a clown only visible to childs close to REALITY!? NO WAY! If you  don't like these type of movies then DON'T WATCH THEM and STOP SPAMMING for  nothing!
0684867621|5.0|I really loved this book.<br />Trisha McFarland was a great character.  I love King's books in which he releases a single character in peril and just leaves them alone to be with their thoughts.  One wouldn't usually think of  a simple story of a girl getting lost in the woods of being all that  spectacular, but King's character is so real that it is in this case.  One  can only imagine the scare that anyone would get from being lost, let alone  a 9 year old girl.<br />I also really liked the baseball references in this  book because...I love baseball.  They made an already enjoyable read that  much more enjoyable: especially at the beginning of the baseball season.
6305311463|5.0|I just browsed through the reviews and found out that EVERYONE claiming that this movie is a no brainer has posted more than 1 time their review like stupid spammers...talk about brains...maybe these guyz are frustrated  cause they are dumb and can't understand the movie? &lt;Evil grin&gt; The  thing is that this movie is great in its category...if you don't like  action packed movies then don't watch it or don't buy it! Everyone knew it  was this kind of movie BEFORE it came out so why did they go see it!? THAT  is dumb. So before reviewing this movie and giving only 1 star, think about  WHO/WHAT is a no brainer.
630027120X|5.0|Excellent scenery, beautifull music. This movie shows a perfect balance of will and faith. The message stays with you. Whenever there is an opportunity, I give this movie as a present.
6300215512|5.0|Gloria Swanson set a new standard for actresses with her outstanding performance as Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard. It doesn't get much better than this. Order this movie right away. It is worth every penny. You  may even watch it more than once within the first week of puchasing. I know  I did! &quot;It's so good to be back! It's just you and me, and the  cameras, and all those wonderful people out in the dark.&quot; &quot;I am a  STAR!&quot;
0393312836|5.0|For those who have not seen Stanley Kubrick's screen adaptation of this book, I highly recommend reading the book, then renting the movie after the fact. Both are excellent, but as usual, many things in the movie seem  sensationalized rather than understood according to Burgess' brilliantly  way of communicating on paper. It's language style and first person account  has a unique way of communicating a drifting conscience, of hooligan Alex.   The style Burgess uses intesifies awareness while softening the shock,  despite the horrendous acts of Alex. One of the challenges that movies and  books of this type normally fail at doing.
6300181251|5.0|PSYCHO IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST MOVIE EVER!  There has never been a better made film.  Everything was well done, the acting, the editing, the script.  Psycho is my favorite movie, and my inspitation for my own directing and  screenwriting.  Everyone who rated this movie 5 stars, way to go! AND FOR  THOSE OF WHO WHO RATED IT ONLY 1 STAR AND 3 STARS, MAYBE YOU BETTER GROW UP  AND BE MORE INTELLUCTUAL. I'M SORRY YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND THE PLOT, BECAUSE  YOU ONLY RELY ON BLOOD AND GORE FOR THRILLS. Everyone should buy this  movie, it is worth every single penny.
0767821769|3.0|I saw this movie and I probably could watch it maybe one more time. I really didnt think it was to good. Its any typical movie. Nothing special about it. Saw movies just like it. A So So Movie.
6304539258|5.0|If you have not seen any of the versions of Star Wars, I strongly advise you to.  This movie is a classic.  It is a combination of science- fiction,romance,and action.  It is a must for all movie viewers, young and  old alike.  Mark Hammil, Harrison Ford,and Carrie Fisher do a wonderful job  portraying the characters in Star Wars.  I also would advise you to see  Episode I on May 19.  This trilogy is the best one I have ever seen, and  trust me, I've seen alot of movies.  I'f there were more than 5 stars to  give, I give the most possible.  I strongly urge you so see Star Wars, and  hope you share the same attitude about it as I do.
B00000IFWE|3.0|I have to say that I am a huge Petty fan. Have been for over 20 years. However, can't get past the fact that he needs to get back to his &quot;Damn the Torpedos&quot; days. Leave the Bob  Dylan singing to Bob  Dylan and sometimes Jeff Lynn.
6304711891|4.0|This movie is all action with a little bit of suggestive material.  It has alot of action and some pretty gorey scenes.  This is only for people who have a like for violence, it is not a classic.  Sean Connery does a good  job but the plot of the movie isn't that good.
B000002A3T|5.0|Whether you like Pink Floyd or not, this album is amazing! It really makes your spirit fly. If you don't buy another cd in your life, you must own this one. Or any Pink Floyd album, for that matter. But this album is a  definite MUST-HAVE!! &quot;Poles Apart&quot; really makes you feel  spiritually at peace. I recommend this album over anything else! (as well  as all the other Pink Floyd albums, Roger Waters or not!)
B000006ZPY|4.0|I really think that this album was the bridge that brought the old Sabbath and new Sabbath together. Dark, evil lyrics entwined around slow, crushing guitar riffs and solos. Say what you will about post-ozzy sabbath, but  after hearing Headless Cross, you cannot say that Tony Iommi has lost any  of his power. Tony Martin is at his peak here, wailing and hitting all of  the notes. Stand-out tracks are &quot;Call of the Wild&quot;, &quot;When  Death Calls&quot; (with an excellent solo by former queen guitarist Brian  May) and &quot;NightWing&quot;. This song is far and away the best thing on  the album, and I don't care what anyone says, it is one of the better  Sabbath songs of ANY period. I recommend.
6305313687|5.0|This movie vividly depicts many problems that we currently see in America everyday.  Racism, school violence, guns/killing in schools, etc....  This movie just reminded me of what happened in Littleton, Colorado.  A tragedy!   It's nice to see a film to have someone with so much hatred and ignorance  against other races to be &quot;reformed&quot;.  I just hope that whoever  has sort of this hatred feeling can be touched and treats everybody the  same.
0671027344|5.0|This book really touched me.  It was so good that I could not put it down.  I am searching for another book like it, but it does not exsist.  I strongly recommend this book to anyone in 8-12 grade.
0689815816|4.0|My 3 year old son had this book read to him at the day care centre and begged us to buy it. Again and  again and again. There is no better proof that this book is really very good. I liked it too.
0790740443|5.0|Kurt Russell has very few lines of dialogue in this movie, his facial expression changes only slightly and seldom. His eyes tell the story of the soldier he is. What incredible eyes this man has. A very good story of  survival. A definite &quot;must see&quot; for Kurt Russell fans.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I have heard the clips from the songs, they sound great. They just got the formula of making good songs with catchy tunes. \\"What's My age again\\" is definitley one of there best yet. I also agree with one of the guys at top,  it would really suck if they got real popular but it is probably going to  happen with Enema. I mean look Chesire was great but no one except fans  knew about it. Dude Ranch went basically platinum, and Enema is easily  going platinum. I just dont want people going around saying, hey you hear  of that band Blink 182, they are awesome.
6304779356|5.0|Sure it has it's 'teenish' atmosphere, but the Lost Boys is one of the best vampire films of all time.  Aside from the stupid Frogg brothers evrything in this movie is great.  The climatic fight scene between David  and Micheal is one of my favorite scenes ever.  <br />The DVD contains a  trailer which is nice.  As for the other extras, well they aren't anything  special.  All text, stuff I'd rather see on the internet, not on a DVD.  I  hate snap cases too!
B000002L71|2.0|This album is weaker than the video.  Their best live album is 'The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads' which came out in 1982.  Unfortunately, it is out of print.
1558908846|4.0|While Judge Dredd may not be a classic movie, it is a fun action sci fi movie ala Demolition Man an Total Recall.<br />Sylvester Stallone plays a great Judge Dredd and Diane Lane is a sexy as ever.  This is a film about a  comic book by the way, so take is a a fun film, not Ghandi or Lawrence of  Arabia!  It's so much better than a boring Batman flick that's for  sure.<br />The DVD is perfect.  It has the widescreen format.  There virtually  are no extras aside from the trailer.<br />I needed a sci fi action movie to  showcase how DVD can look and sound to my friends and this one impressed  them.
B00000F1D3|4.0|What else can I say? She has such a terrific voice, she exactly knows how to use it, THIS WOMAN KNOWS WHAT SHE DOES, and she does it pretty well
0783227434|5.0|I hope director Sam Raimi is not finished with the Evil Dead series.  Sure his Hercules and Xena Warrior Princess shows are doing great, but nothing is quite like his Evil Dead Series.<br />Army of Darkness takes us to medieval  times (a continuation of where Evil Dead 2 left off) where Ash has become  known as the promised one who will rid the people of this time of all the  dead that have risen from the grave.<br />This film was called 'Army Of  Darkness' because this was the first Evil Dead movie that had a wide  theatrical release.  They didn't want movie goers skipping it because they  hadn't seen the previous two.  It does stand by itself, but I would  recommend following the whole series.  They changed the beginning of this  film a bit from the ending of the Evil Dead 2.  Where in Evil Dead 2 Ash  falls through the rip in time, and is instantly saluted as the promised  one, he is now thought to be an enemy.  He has to prove himself to the  population first.  Unfortunate, but I'm sure it made a better storyline.   <br />The rest of the movie is a classic horror/comedy.  Sam Raimi has  invented an entire new genre with the Evil Dead series.  It's a fun movie  that has clever little things inside.  For instance the chant 'Klaatu  Verada Nicto' taken from The Day The Earth Stood Still.  H. P. Lovecraft's  Necronomicon, and copies of Fangoria magazine are all little things that  made this movie fun for me.<br />This is the American version however, and was  altered.  The main difference was the ending.  The ending was too  depressing for U.S. audiences according to the movie studios, so they  changed it.  That is unfortunate.  Hopefully they will release the  international version.<br />The DVD's features are limited.  I don't like the  little webpage text included on DVD's too much.  The Production Notes, Cast  and Filmaker's Bios and Film Highlights are just that.  While some content  can be interesting to read, overall I find that boring.  The Theatrical  Trailer is the only intersting extra.
B00000DHR0|5.0|out of 120 review there are about 5 people who didn't like Miss Dion, That means there's a lot of people who has a great sense in music.
0790740443|3.0|I love sci fi action movies.  Totall Recall, Demolition Man, Judge Dredd, the list goes on.  Soldier is no different.<br />The movie itself is nothing special, soldiers are raised from childhood to be tough.  Kurt Russell  though is good.  I used to like it when the tough guy made smart ass  comments, but now it is way overdone.  I loved how he said so little, yet  his face could tell it all.  When he did speak during the film it made it  all that more powerful and important.<br />I hate snap cases, and this DVD has  one.  The extra features are good though.  I loved the commentary by Paul  Anderson.  The trailer is funny though.  Take a look at it and it looks  like an entirely different sci fi movie ala Starship Troopers or something.   The rest of the extras are text stuff which I dislike, I'd rather just  read it on the internet.
1567184855|4.0|This is the first book I've read that purports to give the reader a glimpse of what we experience after/between lives in detail. Dr. Newton makes a creditable case for people who are already inclined to believe in  life after life and reincarnation. I am such a believer. With this in mind,  I have many questions for Dr. Newton that I feel will never be answered.  His theories also fly in the face of Neil Donald Walsch's  &quot;Conversations With God&quot;. While I can see many of the areas of  agreement by these two authors, there are definitely areas of clear  disagreement. I would love to hear a discussion between them! I recommend  this book to the curious but it shouldn't be the first book on the  afterlife you read. Start with any of the books by Dr. Raymond Moody, Dr.  Weiss's &quot;Many Masters, Many Lives&quot;, Dr. Edith Fiore's &quot;You  Have Been Here Before&quot;, and/or Helen Wambach's &quot;Life before  Life&quot;. This book is bound to raise the level's of debate in the  reincarnation chat rooms. Draw your own conclusions and know that they are,  in some ways, correct also!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is one of the most interesting and the most beautifully written that I have ever had the pleasure of hearing.  I would almost go as far to say that it is on a level that few albums or better yet few bands have ever  reached or will ever reach. It paints a wonderful post-modernistic picture  of what the world will eventually become.  I must say  that Radiohead has  perfectly captured most all of the tension building themes in life that it  takes sociologists and psychologists years to find and interpret.   I am  anxiously looking forward to a new album by this group.  These past three  albums have shown a wonderful evolution of this amazing band into something  that is  almost metaphysical.
6305426651|5.0|I put this movie next to wonderful films such as &quot;Il Postino&quot; and &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot;.  How do Italians make such delightful movies?
B00000ADG2|1.0|This is one of the most overrated and frankly unbearable efforts I've ever heard.  Pure trash...I don't see the appeal at all.  The songs sound like they were all written in one sitting, with no real thought or care.  Bottom  line, save your money or spend it elsewhere.
6302215730|5.0|I have seen The Secret Life of Walter Mitty once, but that was all it took for me to love it. The girl he played opposite was fantastic, and had worked with him before in various other movies. Kaye's character in this  movie had some pretty wild day-dreams, and sometimes those day dreams got  him into trouble. When the girl of those dreams came into his real world,  it was funny to watch how he dealt with it. Kaye's talent for singing, and  the bar scene in which he played the pilot and pretended to be his old high  school teacher, I thought it was the best part of the movie. Any one can  love the way that Kaye loves and sometimes loses, and the way he handles  it. He was the best actor/singer Hollywood ever had (and needs more like  him!!!!), and this is certainly his best movie.
B000002KCC|5.0|Every song on this album is a masterpiece, and every other singer-songwriter should dare to make an album this personal and beautiful.
6304913176|5.0|Ok, Will Smith is not the star, nor any other well know actor or actresses, But I would much rather see Casper Van Dien and Denya Myers(sp?) than to look at Will smith(nothing personal against him but how many space  movies can one person make).  I think the actors did a good job, some of  the lines was cheesy but they had no control over that so don't blame them.   I think it was funny and I like the story.  We all know it's not star wars  and noone should try to compare it to that, The movie doesn't even look  like star wars. I love the characters, story, speacial effects, and the  cute guys :) yep I said it CUTE guys, people are complaining about them  being good looking, well who wants to see a bunch of ugly people in a movie  anyway?  I say stop looking for only the bads things in the movie, believe  me I have seen worst movies. I read the story and saw the movie, of course  it is different it's not suppose to be the same.  I don't think anyone who  is critisizing the movie could do a better job at making one.  I say stick  to the international art house movies and your 'Fried green tomatos' dramas  if you can't handle the gore.         This is a great movie, I love it! I  wish it was a part two!
B000002BYD|3.0|Pearl Jam is my favorite band of the 90's. I love their first four albums equally, but Yeild leaves much to be desired. It simply lacks energy and passion. They all sound a little bored. Granted it's got some great songs  that will sound awesome live, but on this recording they sound as if it  were a chore to play them. That said, the 98' tour proved beyond a doubt  that PJ still have fire in them, it just doesn't come through on Yield.
0380973839|5.0|Bradbury has become, to me, a living legend in science fiction.  In high school, I gained much respect for his knack for storytelling.  Now, I've come to respect him for the lessons he teaches thru his works.  This book  definitely teaches us as humans to look in the mirror and see that we are  each responsible for the future of ourselves and of Earth itself. It shows  how humans can take things for granted and overlook the beauty of their  surroundings. I was honored to meet Mr. Bradbury at the LA Book Festival  and found him to be a nice person even though I was speechless.  I will  definitely be reading more of his works in the future, but this book so far  is one of my all-time favorites!
B00000IBRX|1.0|I absolutely hated this film, it's on my worst 5 of all time. I can't exactly say what made it such a frustrating experience but I walked out of the theater thinking that I would rather be run over by a semi than be  forced to sit through another screening of this film. I love Williams, Cuba  was amazing in Boys in the Hood, and the visuals were spectacular, but the  film was so bad that even the great FX didn't allow me to give it more than  1 star. Probably the hardest movie to sit through of 1998, (and Armageddon  came out the same year!)
B000002UDV|5.0|I bought Pet Sounds two years ago, complete with all its ensuing hype.  I was on vacation, and upon my first listen, was not that impressed.  But something about the album drew me back to it, and by the time the week  ended, I could not get enough of it.  <br />Brian Wilson correctly saw that  American pop music was heading away from an emphasis on hit singles towards  an &quot;album&quot; concept, exemplified by the Beatles' Revolver.  He  also saw room for the use of more expanded instrumentation in the  production of rock n' roll records.  The result was Pet Sounds.  <br />I think  the album is mainly about loneliness; listen to songs like &quot;Caroline,  No&quot;, &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot;, &quot;God Only  Knows&quot; and &quot;That's Not Me&quot; as prime examples.<br />As for the  music, I defer to Paul McCartney, who once said that no one's musical  education is complete without hearing &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;.  That's good  enough for me.<br />A final note:  If you ever decide to go to the beach at  sunset, bring along a discman and pop in &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;.  As you  walk along staring at the ocean and sky's vast power and beauty, you'll  find that &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; fits in exactly.
0783229887|5.0|BOC is the best movie ever made! it more than made up for some of child's play 3 and set the stage wonderfully for &quot;seed of chucky&quot; in 2000!
B00000DHTF|5.0|Amazing box set.  Well worth the full price but if you're not willing to shell it out, at least get the highlights CD &quot;18 Tracks.&quot;  This release shows us that Bruce has been very particular about his releases  over the course of his career.  To his fans, that's been Bruce's curse.
6305268843|5.0|I haven't enjoyed a film in a long time as much as I have enjoyed this one.   I hated to return the rental film, and would love to buy it - when it comes down in price. It's beautiful, acting is supurb, from Sophie M to  Stephen D (my first time to see him, but he's on the top of my fav actor  list - now for sure) and on to their daughter.  And all the supporting  actors.  I guess I'll have to rent that tape again, and watch and watch it!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 is still the raddest band out there and anyone who says that they are fading or they suck, they are going to have a wake up call on the 1st of June because blink still dominates the scene. KEEP IT UP FANS
6303443214|5.0|Although some people may think that this was slow and boring, I believe that it is one of the best movies that I have seen that is made from a book.  As a devoted fan to Anne Rice, I was doubtful about the movie at  first.  However, I was impressed when I saw it.  The actors brought the  viewer straight into the plot, and it held me all the way through.   Althought the movie was good, I advise you to read the book, there is so  much more in it then can be seen in a film.
6305426651|5.0|This movie is purely amazing. It made me laugh and it made me cry and it also left me with a changed world view. The movie shows extreme sacrifice and what love a father can show even in the most extreme circumstances.   When I left the theater, all I could say was &quot;wow&quot; as I tried not  to continue crying. The film left me in awe at the overall quality with  which this film was made.  I can't wait to see it again... to bad it left  town here so quickly I was only able to see it once. This movie is purely  wonderful and everyone should see it if they haven't already.
B000002UB3|5.0|Anyone who says there is filler on this CD is daft, man, DAFT!  What an exquisite musical feast this CD is.  Emotional, melodic, the best scream in rock-n-roll (\\"I Want You\\"), the best acoustic song (\\"Here  Comes The Sun\\"), the best love song (\\"Something\\"), straight  rock-n-roll (\\"Oh! Darling\\").  And those medleys, ah the medleys!   SUPERB.  BUY THIS CD IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT!!!!
0783113943|5.0|From the moment &quot;GIA&quot; walks down the runway and through her furpiece, I was capitivated by this movie. Jolie is now my favorite actress and the hype over her performance did not even begin to live up the reality of it. A DEFINITE MUST for any video collection.<br />This video is a prime example of the caliber of acting that won her the Academy Award. Undoubtedly, she will earn several more in her career.
B000002UAX|5.0|This CD has it all.  Folk, country, ROCK, and I mean R-O-C-K.  Check out Helter Skelter!  It sounds like a joyride to hell! :)  Classic songs abound: Back in the U.S.S.R., Dear Prudence, While My Guitar Gently Weeps,  Blackbird, Revolution I, Helter Skelter.  The Beatles did it all with ease.   CLASSIC CLASSIC CLASSIC CLASSIC!
0060930349|4.0|I enjoy Johnson's iconoclastic tendency, and his willingness to condemn &quot;popular&quot; collectivistic ideas (such as welfare-statism), even if he himself is muddled by a religious morality.  His constant apparent  defense of the wealthy and recognition of the fact that they are the ones  who make prosperity possible for &quot;the masses&quot; is very encouraging  and refreshing coming from a prominent historian.  Too bad he does not  fully understand the morality of rational self-interest he implicitly  defends in his writings (he frequently makes the mistake typical of most  people in general, that of using the word &quot;selfish&quot; as a  disparagement).  If you want a clear (relative to other historians) take on  the bad deeds of collectivists/altruists and the good deeds of free,  innovative entrepreneurs, you will like this book.
6303148352|5.0|I do not understand why so many people think Jurassic Park doesn't have a story.  There are many little nuances in it, but the story to my way of thinking is this:  John Hammond cannot open his money-making theme park  until his investors can rest more easily, (after the death of one of the  employees).  So he bribes &quot;experts&quot; in the field of paleontology,  to &quot;pen a wee testimonial&quot; , letting everyone know that the park  is perfectly safe to be opened to the public.  It is interesting to note  that Hammond says to his investors' attorney, &quot;In 48 hours, I'll be  accepting your apology,&quot; but as fate would have it, in less than 48  hours that same attorney is dead by the very dinosaurs that Hammond was so  proud to have &quot;created.&quot;  The story reaches it's climax with the   hero, Dr. Grant, and the other principal characters escaping with their  lives.  Dr. Grant puts a final period to the story when he says, &quot;Mr.  Hammond, I've decided not to endorse your park!&quot;  This was not the  most compelling or believable story ever brought to film, but it was a  fascinating and enjoyable story none-the-less.  I give it 5 stars because  enjoyable escapism is what a movie is for!
6302038308|4.0|Phew! what a movie. Little weak points prevent this from becoming perfect, but Bruce Campbell goes down into Cult Movie history with his own more than hilarious little de ja vous. The choppy special effects mixed with  perplexing photography made this satiric horror a guideline for Cult films  to come.
B000002LK1|5.0|This album will long be remembered as the ULTIMATE Depeche Mode album.  Along with a new style to the music, the four have created an album of completely remeberable songs.  Unlike other recordings, this album does not  have a single throw away tune.  Each track on this disc stays with you long  after the tracks have ended, and this endears the songs even more.  With  this album, DM have soared beyond their begining as 'Brit-Pop'-sters and  have shown themselves to be true musicians.  Begining with the driving  chords and rhythms of &quot;World In My Eyes&quot;, and culminating in a  personal declaration of freedom in &quot;Clean&quot;, DM take you on a  journey that you never want to forget.  With songs like &quot;Halo&quot;,  &quot;Policy of Truth&quot;, and &quot;Personal Jesus&quot;, you are  transported beyond all preconceived ideas of early electronic bands.  While  the following albums were not fully able to reach the apex this album did  (their best artistically, lyrically, and commercially), this album set the  standard (both for DM and all electronica bands) for musical ELECTRONIC  experimentation.
1573301043|5.0|This is totally awesome.  Celine is incredible, especially when she goes all-out with Areatha in the gospel number at the end.  So unexpected by all on the stage.  It's priceless.  If you don't find yourself standing and  singing along, I'd be surprised.    A MUST BUY!!!!!  You'll be glad you did  - and the homage to Carole King during &quot;You've Got A Friend&quot; can  never be duplicated. ENJOY!
B00000IFWE|5.0|A great listen.  Entire album entertains. So much quality in music, lyrics and performance you wonder how some of the other drivel out there makes it up the chart.
6304618352|5.0|If you can ignore the fact that the plot of FACE OFF is completely and totally lame, then you will really dig this movie...I did!  You  really have to have one %^&amp;* of an imagination to let go of the fact that  NOTHING in this movie could no way ever happen.  If you have a good  imagination, enjoy. If not, rent something else.  Travolta, in order to  save the world or maybe just California, has plastic surgery and assumes  Cage's face.  And vice versa.  The best part of the film is watching Nick  Cage doing John Travolta doing Nick Cage, and Travolta doing Cage doing  travolta...excellent performances make this lame plot work great!
B00000DFRS|2.0|My love is your love is a great song.  Other than that, the CD doesn't have much to offer.  It's the only song I play on the CD.  I'd probably play the  duet with Mariah Carey more but I hear it on the radio anyway.
6302256615|4.0|I really like this movie a lot.  It is VERY exciting.  Keanu as an FBI agent who gets paid to surf...reality, huh?  He and Busey have to infiltrate a band of bank robbers who are thought to be surfers.  The bank  robbers call themselves &quot;The Ex Presidents&quot; because they wear  rubber life masks of ex presidents as disguises. I really like Keanu Reeves  a lot.  I don't care what he is doing...I will watch it!  What a face!  He  could be changing cat litter and I'd pay to see him do it!  Enough of that.   This movie is hella cool!  The skydiving scene at the end is my favorite,  you GOTTA see it!  I Also like the way this movie ends.  I like the song by  Ratt-Nobody Rides For Free over the credits, very appropriate.  I love the  ocean, so that's a plus.  There are lots of good looking men in  it...another plus.  James Le Gros is excellent.  First time I ever saw  him...very impressive.  Swayze is cool.  Gary Busey's character is quite  likable.  Anthony Keidis of Red Hot Chili Peppers plays a beach  hoodlum...yet another plus.  This is just as exciting as Speed, but the  story and characters are easier to get emotionally involved with.  I didn't  like Lori Petty as Keanu's love interest, no chemistry.  And Keanu in a wet  suit...worth the rental fee!  What a man!
6300151379|5.0|Possibly one of the most original and creative movies Henson ever produced.  Why did they ever take it out of print.  I for one would buy it if it came back out.
6303168507|5.0|I'll just say this,&quot;It's an excellent movie and bring the tissue box if you plan to watch the whole thing.<br />-Michael
6301976622|5.0|And did I mention that this film is big? It is colossal in spectacle and wonder,with splashy sets, costumes, gorgeous photography, and a rousing score that deserves the right to be released as a soundtrack on CD and  cassette. It chronicles the persecution of the early Christians, the  demented nature of the sadistic Emperor Nero, and the magnificently tragic  burning of Rome. This belongs on the shelf next to &quot;Ben-Hur&quot; ,  &quot;King of Kings&quot;, &quot;The Ten Commandments&quot;, and &quot;The  Prince of Egypt&quot; when it comes out. For a more graphic vision of the  persecution, see Cecil B De Mille's 1932 epic---yes, 1932--- &quot;The Sign  of the Cross&quot;. Both complement each other quite well.
0784010927|5.0|This movie is the bomb I watch it almost everyday it is so sad that Patrick Swayze never dances in another movie after this because he is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo  hott!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0887307396|5.0|Yes, great case study of what it takes to be a cut above the rest.  In fact I just took a Sr. Level Management Course and this was the text for the class.  In depth, logical look at companies that are strategic in their  thinking.<br />I will keep this textbook!
B00000AFHM|5.0|these guys seem to make brilliant records without even trying.  i feel sorry for anyone who's unaware of this obscenely talented band.  i hear they're currently finishing up their fourth record--i'm already counting  the days....
0804106304|4.0|After the first time I read this book I knew that it was something special, I just felt like I was missing something. Then I read it a second time and I realized more and more interesting things about the mothers and  daughters. This is definately a book that you can read easily again and  again... and get something new out of it each time.
B00000IFWE|2.0|Tom Petty is the master of simply-written songs.  He can do more with three chords than most songwriters can with 20, as demonstrated on his masterpiece, &quot;Wildflowers&quot;.  On &quot;Echo&quot;, most of the  songs aren't very hooky.  Petty just seems muddled in his songwriting.  The  band went for more of a garage type feel for this album and succeeded  sonically, but the songs shouldn't suffer.  While not every song on here is  shoddy, I don't like enough of them to recommend the album.
6305426651|5.0|I absolutely adore this movie.  I have never before seen a film that had me laughing and crying at the same time--Roberto Benigni is a genius.  EVERYONE should see this movie!
B000001A9P|4.0|Stevie Wonder will go down in history as one of music's most honest poets.  On &quot;Natural Wonder&quot;, Stevie, now getting up in years, belts out the classics with the same gusto and vocal clarity as he demonstrated in  the seventies.  He sings about what he knows...city life, ghettos, hope,  and love.  I get chills every time I listen to &quot;Overjoyed&quot;, which  opens the second CD in the set.  This gem of a song was lost on the  mediocre &quot;In Square Circle&quot; in the early 80's.  Here, the song is  realized wonderfully live, and Stevie couldn't sound more honest as he  sings of unrequieted love.  Just beautiful.  The rhythm section is tight,  the piano is outta sight...this music is alright!
B000002KFJ|5.0|All I can say bad about this CD is the cover sucks. The music is 1st class metal like most Sabbath albums. Symptom of the Universe is a killer tune! Buy it !
B000002B7O|5.0|I think that Diary of a Madman is a classic. I was one of those kids that bought the LP when it came out, so many years ago.  So much of Sabbath's tunes were cool, this is really the end of the Black Sabbath era.  Sure  Ozzy had a new band, but they were loud, skilled and made our parents  worry.  That IS rock and roll.  If you don't have any Sabbath albums, or  wonder what to buy?  Do yourself a favor, buy Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of  a Madman.
0876855575|5.0|This book is one of Charles Bukowski's best works.  He describes his childhood in detail, giving the reader insight about the trials and tribulations which would so dramatically shape this author's life and way  of thinking.  Buk is brutally honest about his thoughts and actions  concerning his miserable existence as a boy growing up in Los Angeles.  His  writing captures the true feelings of a childhood outcast, making the  reader assimilate himself in Charles' role and confront the demons of his  own past.  Truly one of Buk's most moving works.
B00000DFTG|5.0|I am a mid 30s guy who was very into Sabbath and before Randy crashed, Ozzy.  I saw Sabbath a few times in concert, once they rocked, more often not they sucked.  What was the deal with Ian Gillan singing for them??  This, is the Black Sabbath I remember.  This CD is probably the best  Sabbath LP I own.  Thumb up!
B000002NJS|5.0|I have listened to this cd and i love it.Not many people commented on Shanti/Ashtanigi, which was one of my favorite songs on here.I also liked The Power of Goodbye and others.I love to dance to Ray of Light in my room  bye myself.I do hope that more people start to like Madonna,and I hope she  is a Diva next year.
B00000IFWE|5.0|Tom Petty is the most consistent rocker in the business and he makes it look so easy. He hits new highs with the opening track, &quot;Room at the Top&quot; and &quot;Swingin'&quot;. Definitely worth the wait, I can  finally give my &quot;She's the One&quot; soundtrack a rest.
0767809246|5.0|I will cherish this movie forever.  This movie certainly illustrates the profound truth that you'll &quot;never have any friends later in life like the ones you had when you were twelve.&quot;  Stephen King's touching novel  is brilliantly brought to the screen by director Rob Reiner and by four  incredible young actors.  A moving story about four young friends who come  of age, come face to face with their own mortality, and discover what real  courage is all about.  This is a movie with a message!
6305171769|5.0|Though i'm not a big fan of sequels, Michael Myers is just the kind that can keep coming back and still be scary. I loved this movie, especially how it ended. If you haven't seen any of the Halloween sequels, you should at  least open your mind to this one.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Yes, Phil Collins, not only a jolly nice London'er, he's also one of the best vocalist/songwriters, in my opinion. I have grown up around phil collins songs, and think that every track, regardless of how old it is, is  worth listening to. Benson's recommended track - Both Sides Of The                                  Story.<br />Benson. (27/04/99)
B000006OBQ|5.0|I am 23 years old.  I heard the song Luck be a Lady tonight at the water (fountain) show at Il Bellagio in Las Vegas.  I had to find the song.  I did on this album, which is the greatest.  The track is the thirteenth and  is not released on other material including the Amazon product  description.--David
6305428220|5.0|I think The Faculty is definitely the best of the teen thrillers movement since Scream. It's funny, scary with a great story and great acting as well. I've seen the movie 4 times and it's still as much fun as before.  This is a Disney DVD so you can't exactly expect much. It has a good  transfer and great sound, as it did in the theater. As usual, extras are  SPARSE. Hopefully, we'll see a Collector's Edition from Dimension in the  future.
B000001GBJ|5.0|It is rare to find Music that posseses such a timeless sound as does Secret Garden. I came across them at the library a couple of years ago and was enchanted by the beautiful melodies. It has the power to transport you  away.
0385493800|5.0|This book was great from the first word.  Grisham was able to drive a number of emotions with this book.  I had the feeling I was right there in Brazil with all of the danger and at the same time I was back in the states  hoping Troy's family would somehow dig themselves deeper in debt.  Like his  last few books I would have liked to see a happier ending but this book  kept me excited all the way through.
B00000IGGA|5.0|The new album from Tom Waits hit the US today.  Us in Europe have been listening to it for a few days now.  <br />As his first album in 6 years it has been well worth waiting for.   There is little that is revolutionary,  or indeed evolutionary.  It would seem that it summarises all the albums he  recorded for Island. But the lyrical beauty is ever present.<br />Go Buy it  Now.
0800187873|1.0|Anyone who likes this movie hasn't read the book! The scene when &quot;Sonny Red&quot; gets hit and Donnie Brasco is right there helping cut up the bodies is very amusing because it never happened.Also,if the real  &quot;Lefty&quot; ever saw this movie he would want to kill Al Pacino for  playing such a loser.
B000001ES4|5.0|Very few artist, new age or otherwise, have the emotional impact this music has on the listener. Secret Garden has provided music for the heart and soul that leaves you feeling refreshed at the end of a long day.
B000002NZO|5.0|Okay, my taste may not be the same as other Genesis fans. While I think the band continued to achieve genius throughout its career, they never created anything else quite as beautiful as Trespass. With its incredible  melodies, imaginative lyrics, delicate guitar work, atmospheric percussion  and vocals, and even Peter's plaintive if uncertain voice, this album is a  truly emotional experience. Similar to Nursery Cryme, but even more  innocent and deeply moody.
B0000024JN|5.0|The Beastie Boys knew they had something special and proved it with Licensed and Paul's.  Unruly city boys that proved they were the coolest.  With the backing of Run-Dmc, who helped write &quot;Paul Revere&quot; and  &quot;Slow and Low&quot;, the world was their oyster.  As one reviewer  wrote &quot;trying to recognize the samples is half the fun.&quot;  Everything from The Eagles &quot;Those Shoes&quot;, Black Sabbeth  &quot;Sweetleaf&quot;, Creedence Clearwater &quot;Down on the corner&quot;  Sugarhill Gang (Rapper's Delight in the beginning of Shadrack!) and then to  movie tracks like &quot;Jaws&quot; and &quot;Superfly&quot;-Who did they  think they were?  The Beastie Boys definately changed my outlook at the  world and so many other people's also.  &quot;For those about to rock&quot;  they saluted us and God knows we saluted them.
0684874350|5.0|This book was funny, sad, touching, and honest all at the same time.  The author is an incredible story teller who can create a sense of reality for the readers to grasp.  I cried so much as his story reminded me of the  stories my grandparents and parents used to tell me.  His stories allow us  to be thankful for all that we have and admire the strengths of those who  lived during the hard times.  I thank Mr. McCourt for sharing his memoir  with us and patiently await his next work.
6304698798|5.0|One of the greatest.  Eli Wallach is soooo memorable.  And Lee Van Cleef is so much fun to hate.<br />And don't listen to the guy who stated that this DVD sucks.  It doesn't.  MGM's transfer is fantastic.  Sharp and colorful  and dual-layered--you get all 161 minutes on one side.  The audio isn't 5.1  but this is a 1966 film--deal with it!
B000000QFV|2.0|This album is mostly a real bummer... lacking memorable riffs (except for the saving grace &quot;Anno Mundi&quot;) and innovative song writing.  Boring, boring, boring... I hardly ever play this album, which I can't say  about most other Sabbath releases.  I don't know, you think they're selling  out on &quot;Feels Good to Me.&quot;  That's a hypothetical question, of  course.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Unbelievable. The only album I bought at full price in 1997. The only album I can't put on &quot;shuffle&quot; in my CD player. The album with my favorite song of all time (Let Down). Arguably the finest album of the 90s.
630518299X|5.0|I really loved this movie, it was new and a breath of fresh air in the world of Jim Carey!  I was amazed and astounded that he can act superbly if he wants to.  The plot was terrific and truly made one think a bout life  and the  way we live.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock is the best he is awesome. He is also very aggressove with his lyrics.
B000002LEM|3.0|Well, this album ain't bad, I'm not sure if this band really can make a clunker (not without Gary Cherone, anyway).  I am less taken with this one than most though.  Eddie and the boys are foolin' around with stuff that  isn't in their league with &quot;(A)  Apolitcal Blues&quot; and  &quot;Finish What Ya Started&quot; and those aren't even half bad!  But my  favorites are still the kickin' songs &quot;A.F.U.,&quot; &quot;Mine all  Mine&quot; and less kickin' &quot;Cabo Wabo.&quot;  Ed again is playing too  much with the synths, as he has been since &quot;Diver Down&quot; but he'd  fix that by '91.
6303168507|5.0|This is some of the best acting I've ever seen.  Spielberg brings out the true horrifying deeds of the German concentration camps.  He's never been better in any other movie he's ever made. I highly recomend this to anyone  who enjoys a masterpiece.
B000002UAU|3.0|Don't believe the hype about this Beatle collection ... yes, it has amazing peaks at its beginning and ending, but it also has incredibly-low valleys in-between.  John Lennon himself never thought much of this album,  or how it became to be known as a &quot;concept&quot; album--The Wall by  Pink Floyd is a concept album, not this.  What bogs Sgt. Pepper down are  the middle cuts (I was about to talk about album sides) &quot;Fixing A  Hole,&quot; &quot;She's Leaving Home,&quot; &quot;Mr. Kite,&quot;  &quot;Within/Without You&quot; &quot;Good Morning&quot; these ALL sound so  uninspired and subpar especially for a group as talented as the  Beatles--maybe too much of the lysergic, eh lads?  ... Get  &quot;Revolver&quot;--a TRUE Beatle classic, then check out the  almost-just-as-magnificent &quot;Rubber Soul.&quot;
6305161879|4.0|_a fish called wanda_ is a great movie with many memorable quotes and funny moments. i was a bit disappointed, though, that the dvd is not presented in dolby digital 5.1 like most dvd's (it only has one sound  channel).
B0000062S0|4.0|I remember back when first slapping LedZep III onto my turntable and thinking &quot;this album is crap.&quot;  Now, many moons later, I now consider that album a masterpiece.  I'm NOT saying &quot;Walking Into  Clarksdale&quot; is a masterpiece by any means, only that this CD will take  some time to grow on you--it is not like a pop album that hits you  immediately--the rock here is more subtle.  Favorite cuts:  &quot;Upon A  Golden Horse,&quot; &quot;Burning Up,&quot; the title track, &quot;House of  Love,&quot; &quot;Blue Train.&quot;  My main complaint about this CD is the  running order of the songs ... I'm not sure what order I would have put  them in, but it seems if the duo just blindly inserted the track order.   Hope to hear more from the four lads.
B000002UTY|5.0|A rock classic is now mine. Without doubt the best Quicksilver Album that has not aged one day since it was made. It can still make your hair stand on end.
B00000IL1K|5.0|&quot;Eden&quot; is another magical, sensational album that is beautifully orchestrated with a genuine angelic voice of one the greatest cross-over divas of today, Madame Sarah Brightman.
B000002LN9|5.0|For any Clapton fan this is an excellent live album. The first disk contains great recordings of essential eary Clapton. The second disk includes an outsanding live version of Pretending. It also includes some  newer Clapton from the Journeyman album. I own all of Clapton's U.S.  releases and this is one of my favorites. ENJOY!
B000002BYD|5.0|I have always been impressed with the power and lyrics of Pearl Jam on their four earlier albums, but when I listen to Yield i am more impressed with the amazing melodies on songs such as &quot;In Hiding&quot; and  &quot;MFC&quot;.  I was even more amazed at how well these songs sounded in  concert when I saw them in New York City.
6304539282|5.0|Send me an email if you are looking for this set. I have a couple
6305265488|5.0|1 OF THE BEST LOVE STORYS I'VE SEEN SO FAR, DOUGRAY SCOTT IS AMAZING, I SAW THIS ONE IN THE THEATER TWICE AND i WENT OUT AND BOUGHT IT THE SECOND DAY IT WAS OUT TO OWN, BUY IT:)
B0000060LT|4.0|The Ocean Songs CD arrived through the post accompanied by an (undated) clipping from the Telegraph Magazine with a review of The Dirty Three's work by Jessamy Calkin.  Thanks Sis!  The first track booms out, a striking  confection evocative of folk melodies and the smell mof the sea, indeed a  real pleasure.  Track 2 is not dissimilar. In track 3 the concordant theme  is fun, but the rest?  By track 4 the CD seemed to have lost direction and  frank tedium set in midway through track 5.  In the Calkin review one reads  that 'before the Dirty Three, Warrin Ellis [the violinist with the group]  had only ever played in orchestras', while two paragraphs later Ellis  learned Irish and Scottish folk tunes in Edinburgh and 'started playing in  the streets and set up home in a whisky distillery' before returning, by  way of Budapest, to Australia, where he met up with Jim White [percussion]  and Mick Turner [guitar].  Not quite right?  Back to the music.  These  three have got talent, that much is clear.  There are problems with the  recording levels of some tracks, the guitar is a little too sharp, and one  wonders how much is improvised.  Maybe The Dirty Three should go back and  do it all again properly, exploiting their talent to the full, using  original material and getting the recording just right.  The blend of  modern interpretation, folk tune and uncontrived dissonance generates an  atmosphere that is new and unusual, if not frankly postmodern.  Despite  this, somehow the CD does not quite gel.  But if you are ever stranded in a  pub in Cape Town or Valparaiso, with no-one to wait for and nowhere to go,  and need a little oblivion, this is the music.
B00000F1D3|1.0|Cher had one ok song, Believe, but it gets really old after listening to it twice.  She is old and needs to retire.  She tries too hard.  Give it up Cher.
0767811038|1.0|The book presented a realistic  soldier's life, in a future where one earns one's citizenship by serving the Government, in either a military or civilian capacity.  Part of the impact of the book, is that, not until the  very end, does the reader learn that the protagonist is Filipino. In the  film, while this surprise identity would be difficult to conceal, the  protagonist has been changed to a blued-eyed Anglo type, in the Hollywood  tradition.  The film is not science fiction. It is pure camp, fraught with  cliches.
B00000IL1K|1.0|After listening to &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot; many many times and, each time, coming away from the experience with tears in my eyes and joy in my heart from the profound experience of hearing this angel sing, I find it  hard to believe that &quot;Eden&quot; is by the same artist. What a  mismatched hodegpodge of music; limited range both vocally and  instrumentally, and, to say the least, almost monotonous sounding. Not one  single cut worth listening to more than the first time and most not even  then. Sounded like someone reached into a &quot;grab-bag&quot; of singles  and put the first 16 on the CD. Shame...shame.
B000007T1M|5.0|This CD is so good.  I really love Sugar.  It is addicting.  My friend and I listen to it all of the time and every time we have another friend listen to it they become addicted too!  It is good stuff!
6302759110|5.0|I beleive that this the story Stocker had in mind and is hidden between the lines of his book.I don't think I will ever be able to get over the shock of the first viewing.Love that goes beyond grave and defies even God  trully touched my heart. A definite must see.
0553212737|5.0|&quot;Emma&quot; was the first Jane Austen book I read, and after reading all of Austen's novels, it is still my favorite.  The plot is amusing, and it kept my interest from beginning to end.  Indeed, I couldn't put the book  down until I finished it.  For those who think that it is too difficult a  read, try it.  I was only 12 the first time I read it, and I enjoyed it  immensely.  Also, I would like to set the record straight concerning the  movie Clueless, which was based on &quot;Emma&quot;.  Clueless was made in  the 1990's, while Jane Austen was born in the late 1700's and died in her  forties.  It is rather obvious that &quot;Emma&quot; came first. I know  this at the age of 17, and can only wonder where certain reviewers were  during English class.  Back to the book, though - I loved it and would  recommend it to anyone!
B000002URV|5.0|I have loved enigma ever since they first brought out their first single (return to sadness) and have been amazed ever since. The beats are a combination of gregorian chants with that wind instrument (dont know what  it is called) and quite a bit of french. Their second and third release are  not as good, but thats not saying much because this is a masterpiece. its  hard to top that. Another thing that I love about them is that they stay  out of the public eye, hence the name Enigma?
0876852630|5.0|Factotum is Bukowski at his raw, low, hillarious best.  It's a shame and a wonder that this outstanding novel isn't required reading in American Literature courses in our universities.  What a great companion piece it  would make to On the Road, showing as it does the darker, far more real  side of life on the bum.<br />Bukowski was the real thing, a true original, a  writer of great and compassionate voice.  His work is often brutal but  never less than completely, utterly human.<br />He was as good as Celine,  Hemingway, Fante, Kerouac, Hamsun -- and even better to many, many devoted  readers.  Read Bukowski right now.  You must.
B000002U6E|5.0|Great cd, deserves the five stars. If you dont already own any Enigma cds, I recommend that you buy the first one first then try two and three.
630433186X|3.0|I prefer fiction. I wanted something to do with the sword. I mean come on, were talking about excalibur here! The greatest sword there ever was. I prefer either a mystical movie such as Legend, or an action movie like  DieHard. That's what I thought about it anyway.
B00000IGGA|5.0|What can I say of the man's work that hasn't been said by all of you fine, reverential fans before?  I've been sweating for this latest installment for the last six years, and now I can feel it in my veins, breaking my  heart, restoring my faith.  <br />After listening to &quot;Variations,&quot;  my assessment of this whole &quot;they sound like earlier songs&quot;  debate is this:  I think (unconsciously) Tom takes up the same song many  times over the years, squeezes it, sniffs it, sees how it has aged, and  then gives it a newer body in which to live.  Call it reconstitution, call  it creative reincarnation.  How many other songwriters can honestly say  that their songs deserve to be reborn every decade or so?<br />Kind regards to  all of you Raindogs out there.
B000002BNB|5.0|Instant classic banging in the typical WU fashio
6304675348|2.0|I saw SCREAM and I expected to be scared out of my seat when I saw the previews but when I finally did see it I was dissappointed and here's why. I found that NEVE CAMPBELL was a  little shallow in her role  who she plays  I'm not giving away just watch and see what I mean. I felt she didn't  compare to JAMIE LEE CURTIS in HALLOWEEN or SISSY SPACEK in CARRIE now they  did  a great job with thier roles which I felt NEVE often didn't she seemed  to me almost bored and it showed  in her performance. Also the supporting  cast left something to be desired too. They seemed to me to be too plastic  and dull espically COURTNEY COX and DAVID ARQUETTE  they did'nt make want  to rally behind them at all. Also I felt you saw who the killer was too  early in the film and that in my opnion took a lot away from the suspense  that this film could've had. So all in all I wish I could recommend SCREAM  but I find I can not.
B000002WPI|5.0|A true world changing album, All-star debut
0385040253|5.0|As a sailor, eagle scout and lover of rope, I am wildly enthusiastic about this comprehensive work. It has every knot one could ever imagine, even some that are from extinct arts, such as whaling. Ashley's tome is a must  have for the library of every sailor, scout leader, or woodsman.
0060168366|5.0|Some other reviewers have strongly criticized the historical accuracy of this text. However, the author, in his apologia at the beginning of the book, notes that this is not a standard history text, but rather a tribute  to the American people. His writing style is far superior to the dry  reading of history textbooks as he probes into the psyche of those who  shaped one of the greatest powers on earth. Johnson brings history to life!
0064471047|5.0|I liked reading this book because it was filled with fun and adventure and has a very happy ending.I think everybody should read it when they feel bad becuase it will make you feel better.
B000002JEV|5.0|This is the Zeppelin back in the early years when they were raw and hungry,and before too much excess began taking its toll. The whole thing is great, and the sound is quite clean and punchy when  you consider when this  was recorded. It's simply pure classic live Zep! In perticular, I dig the  version of S.T.H. which if I remember right I read that it wasn't even  recorded yet when they played it here. Also...The Girl I Loved, the various  versions of Communication Breakdown, and I think the Whole Lotta Love  medley is awesome, mostly because of their rundown of a couple old blues  tunes, and their delicious and obvious homage to the King with-Thats All  Right Mama, and A Mess Of Blues. The whole medley would have been nice, but  as it is I'm happy with it. If you're into Zep...Buy it!  JOHN
0140277447|5.0|As a Chinese-American I am embarrassed that I have never heard of the massacre that took place in Nanking... until now.  This book provides what my grandmother (although she's not from Nanking) recollects from her days  living in China during WW 2.  Although some Japanese may think this book is  about Japan bashing, it is not.  It does not generalize about the Japanese  people, but it does give what may be reasons why such atrocities were  committed by the Japanese Armies.  This book should be required reading in  world history classes everywhere!!  John Rabe IS the Oskar Schindler of  China.
630463949X|2.0|I think Billy Burnete and Rick Vito, along with Lindsey should have returned. What I hated about this tape was &quot;Stand Back&quot; was delayed till the tour. &quot;Rhiannon&quot; and &quot;Dreams&quot; if you  can't sing it don't try. &quot;Everywhere&quot; I hated this version,  Stevie and Lindsey should have sung lighter to give Christine,  Sharon(stevies freind and back up singer), and Mindy sing it. &quot;Go  INsane&quot; this song was tacky. &quot;Songbird&quot; showcased how much  Christine had lost her voice. &quot;The Chain&quot; oh, I loved &quot; the  Mirage Video&quot; version better, when Stevie and Chris was high it kicked  ass. The good highlight was &quot;Over my head&quot;, &quot;Landslide&quot;  &quot;Sweet Girl&quot; &quot;Don't Stop&quot; and &quot;Silver  Springs&quot; plus &quot;So Affraid&quot;<br />Where is &quot;Little  Lies&quot;, &quot;save me&quot;, &quot;7 wonders&quot;, &quot;Hold me&quot;  and &quot;Sara&quot; + &quot;Sisters&quot;
B000002H33|5.0|I really tried to get into the &quot;new&quot; Metallica, but the passion and committment were simply gone.  I loved &quot;And Justice...&quot; and could tolerate the Black album, but &quot;Master&quot; will always stand  out to me as Metallica's heyday.<br />If they wanted to slow down, they could  have done so creatively.<br />If you want to know where I think their sound  could have gone, check out tool's &quot;nima.&quot;  Not that I'm saying  that it should have gone there, but this would have been a natural  evolution of Metallica without their sellout.<br />Also check out Drain STH's  &quot;Horror Wrestling&quot; for a sound much heavier than the four guys  formerly known as Metallica.
B00000I41J|5.0|This remaster is a first rate edition of a classic album.  Although Cannonball Adderly is the leader in this performance, the star is clearly Miles Davis.  Autumn Leaves is done in a wonderful version here.<br />The  remastering is clearly superior to the earlier remaster.  <br />I wish Blue  Note would do things right the first time, so I could buy their recordings  just once.
6304698526|2.0|This is a good movie for its age, but the video quality of the DVD is not that great. If Bonnie and Clyde can be done so well, it is around the same age, why can't they get this one right.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have been a fan of Sarah Brightman's for nearly ten years now (wow do I feel old) and must say, I enjoy this album quite a lot.  I think it employs a wide variety of her musical styles and talents that we generally have  seen on many separate albums since 1988, but on one album and with a more  contemporary flair.  By the way, I'm thinking of starting a &quot;Boy,  doesn't it stink that Sarah isn't coming anywhere near the Texas area on  the Eden world tour&quot; club.  Email me if you want to join!
630518299X|5.0|Sure I liked Jim Carrey in all the silly roles, but this is really something different.  You won't think of him as &quot;Jim Carrey the Goofball&quot;, yet the sparkle is still in his eyes. By far a brilliant  pick for the star role in this wonderful film that will (excuse the  cliche') make you laugh and cry at the same time, and walk out of the  theater feeling happy and triumphant.  As I have read several times in the  other reviews, see it once, then see it again, believe me, you missed a lot  the first time.
B000002BSG|5.0|I wasn't going to write a review, just read what's already there until I saw some of the not-so-positive reviews.  Get out of here.  Jamiroquai absolutely owns the new smooth-jazz hip-hop modern flow market.  Whether  you like old school or new, you'll love this creative and musical  statement. Great group which reminds me of one of the greatest ever, Steely  Dan.
006107327X|4.0|this is a pretty good book and it is very beautifully presented. it nicely shows how some of the show's character's were developed it does lack some information though but very little. definite buy for the true fans....I am  the night !!!
0440219078|5.0|Great book. If you like science fiction and enriching your imagination, read this book.  Lowry is a truly superb writer.  I would enjoy reading one of her others also.
0792836014|5.0|After bombing in vegas 13 years earlier he kills the crowd with his dynamic performance. He paralyzes the audience and sells out every show. This will show why he was set apart from all other preformers.<br />Dave C
0880381736|5.0|I read this series 15 years ago in HS.  This is a excellent book for someone who is just starting to read fantasy books.  After you finish this series, you have to read the Legends series. This is definitely a CLASSIC.
6304913176|1.0|This movie fails entirely to live up to Robert Heinlein's novel, and in fact resembles it in name only. Anyone considering this video on the merit of its supposed origin should forget about it. Heinlein is probably  spinning in his grave fast enough to generate electricity.
B000006OBQ|5.0|If ever there was an album that proved exactly why Frank Sinatra is an American treasure, this is it.  His pitch and phrasing are perfect, the band swings as tightly as Quincy can wind them, the audience constantly  begs for more.  This is Sinatra in his element: the band in the back, the  audience in the front, and the room belongs to him.  He doesn't get  schmaltzy with the audience during the numbers like he did in later years.   Instead, he approaches each song with just the right emotion and enough  spontaneity to make you realize what a truly gifted singer he was.  The  version of &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; is probably one of the  greatest recordings ever to make it to tape.  I've owned this album for  four years and listen to it at least once a week.  If there is ever an  audio handbook on how to swing, this is it.
6300151379|5.0|This is not a review of content, quality or worth.  Just a question.  Why? Why take it out of production, when it fills such a void in the fantasy/adventure film bog of eternal stench.  Odo, bad smell, for taking  this off the market.
B000000HU0|4.0|Produced by Nick Mason, this album is pretty good. Of course, it's not a masterpiece such &quot;Angel's Egg&quot; or &quot;Camembert Electrique&quot;, but it's enjoyable. The highlights are  &quot;Bombooji&quot; (have a nice trip to Middle East with Didier Malherbe  by your side!) and &quot;Cat in the Clark's Shoes&quot;.
6303567126|5.0|I am extremely upset that this movie has been recalled.  It is a hopeful and inspiring story, not meant to be about killing.  It renewed my faith in the strength of the human spirit, Jimmy's story is truely amazing!
0716703440|5.0|Yes, it's so massive you can measure it's gravitational field.  Yes, people refer to it as &quot;the phonebook.&quot;  But all joking aside, as an undergraduate who is very curious about general relativity, I must say  that this textbook has done more for me than any other.  I've gotten  occational help from other books (Wald, Weinberg, etc.) but this is the one  that I really LERN from.  There's more physical insight in this book than  any I've yet seen, and the reading is truly enjoyable.  One great thing is  the treatment of tensors.  I knew next to nothing about tensors coming into  the book, but the book assumes very little initial knowledge and teaches  you the needed math as you go along.  This book is truly a model for anyone  who wants to write a textbook.  Nothing I've seen even comes close.
0684867621|4.0|With the intelligence of Stephen King you can never go wrong with any of his novels, with this newest novel, it goes to prove I beleive he is the master when it comes to horror, or mystery books. I really felt for Trishia  in this book, If I was her I would of never thought of the things she did  to servive as she did, she was abrave little girl. Makes you want to hug  your children, at every chance you get, cause you never know what can  happen at anytime, never take life for granted, its to precious.
0767817443|1.0|&quot;Beast From 20,000 Fathoms 2&quot; would be a better title for this ripoff of just about everything from &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; and &quot;ID4&quot; to &quot;20 Million Miles to Earth&quot; and Irwin Allen's  &quot;The Lost World.&quot; The radical redesign of Godzilla is slick, but  it's too great a departure to truly still be the Godzilla of yore. Add to  that the sappy, insulting script and lackluster performances of all the  major players in the cast, and you've got a $120 million stink-bomb!
B000003C5C|5.0|This album was a trend setter. Death's most brutal and best album. Pull the Plug is one of the most classic tunes in this genres history. Why are you still reading, buy this already.
B00000ILDE|5.0|First time I saw the entire film was back in high school, when the film society somehow got their grubby mits on this movie. We were all blown away.  I was pissed when they only released the director's cut on Laser  Disc. Fortunately, we had a hi-fi fan at college who had the latest  everything. It was cool seeing the restored footage again. However, the LD  also had Cameron's comments, which were pretty important. As with the extra  footage cut out of Terminator 2, Cameron had really good reasons to cut the  extra bits out of the movie. Won't spoil the extra footage for those  unfortunate enough to have missed seeing them, since this was mentioned in  a previous comment here, but the tense scene with the automated sentries  was cut because Cameron did not want to make the movie just about a war of  attrition.  Of course, the special edition should have been released  earlier, but that goes without saying.
6303921248|5.0|I have watched this miniseries so many times I can recite the entire 6 hours of dialogue!  The acting is superb and every last detail fits perfectly.  My only complaint is that Jennifer Ehle should be listed as the  star, not only Colin!
0792153189|5.0|I enjoyed Armageddon as much as the next person.  However, to me it's just a typical Don Simpson/ Jerry Bruckheimer action movie where the good guys always win, and the theme is generally light- hearted; i.e., Top Gun,  Crimson Tide, Last Boy Scout, Beverly Hills Cop 1/2/3, The Rock, Face-Off,  Con-Air, etc.  DEEP IMPACT is, in my opinion, a wonderful story which is  fairly realistic about what could take place in our society in the event of  a potential threat of an E.L.E (try searching this on the net and see what  you get).  My &quot;hat's off&quot; to Mimi Leder (who has also directed a  few episodes of &quot;E.R.&quot;) for a first-rate job with a wonderful and  very believable cast.  The emotion generated by the story is not completely  dependent upon CGI special-effects, but seeing the small comet hit earth  and the resulting tidal wave demolish New York City will take your breath  away.  This movie also has an informative and innovative website  ([...]) worth checking out.  Actually, if Morgan Freeman  really wants to run for president, he should consider selecting Robert  Duvall as a running-mate; or, vice-versa.  Either way, they've got my vote.  Hopefully, DEEP IMPACT will get your vote too.  This is a must-see; it has  definitely climbed the ranks to the top five in my &quot;favorite  movies&quot; hierarchy.
6304057709|5.0|This movie was terrific!  I actually liked the movie better than the book--the changes that Emma Thompson made only improved the storyline.  My favorite part is the last shot of Willoughby, alone on his horse.  I love  to see a movie where everyone gets what they deserve, including the bad  guys!
6304119046|2.0|This was one of the most boring classic films I've ever seen.  Is the American Film Institute really saying that &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; was a better film than &quot;Casablanca&quot;?  When I first saw  &quot;Casablanca&quot;, I was riveted to the screen at the end.  By the end  of &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;, I didn't care who or what Rosebud was.  I'm  sure that fans of &quot;The Godfather&quot; and &quot;Gone With The  Wind&quot; are just as bewildered by this choice as I am.
6302719631|1.0|This must be the low patch of movies based on Jane Austen's novels.  After enjoying &quot;Pride &amp; Prejudice&quot;, &quot;Sense &amp; Sensibility&quot;, BBC's &quot;Emma&quot;, and &quot;Persuasion&quot;, I  really expected this movie to be of a higher standard.  Except for some  fine moments from the lead actress, the acting is poor, and the quality of  the filming is lousy.  Some scenes from the book are redone with such  minute detail that they're boring, while other important scenes are skipped  altogether (i.e. the scene when Catherine learns she is to be sent home by  post unaccompanied).  I'm more upset by the time I wasted watching the  movie than the money I wasted buying it.
6305265496|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie, watching it at least 5 times in 2 days.  This movie is a wonderful contemporary adaptation to one of the best-loved classics of all time.  It is incredibly romantic and makes us believe in  the power of the human heart.  Yet it is also tastefully funny, preventing  it from being too dramatic or serious.  I highly recommend this movie!
6304383827|5.0|I give the BBC's &quot;Emma&quot; 5 stars and the one with Paltrow only 2.  Amazon has bunched the reviews together somehow--don't be fooled.  The British know how to portray their own novels much better than we do!
0783114222|5.0|Este es el mejor material que se haya hecho sobre la carrera espacial de USA
B00000DBXL|5.0|I just bought this CD today and already Icant get enough of it! The lyrics are strange and Hilarious, but the beat is just the best.The best songs are NEVER THERE and SHEEP GO TO HEAVEN.
B000000993|5.0|I have been an avid Tool fan for many years now.  They hold nothing back, and they amaze me every time I listen to them.  Going to their shows dwarfs every other concert there is, and listening to their albums (at extreme  volumes of course) doesn't fall much behind.  It's a rarity to see a band  hang everything out there like Tool does, and the oppourtunity to buy any  of their albums or go to any of their shows should not be passed up.
6300215954|5.0|Some movies are simply a joy to be in the presence of.  Hatari! is one of these.  As in practically every other Hawks movie, the characters are cool and subtle in their delivery and interaction with one another, and while a  first-time viewer will marvel at the wildlife action shots and the African  scenery, the reason one will return to the movie is to see the performances  of Hardy Kruger, John Wayne, Elsa Martinelli, and Red Buttons, and how they  interact together throughout.  A very cute and pleasant and entertaining  movie. I've seen it countless times.
0385493800|5.0|When I read a John Grisham book, I expect to be entertained.  The Testament did that, and more.  This book is a story of great success, terrible failure, wasted lives, and finally redemption.  Grisham carries  this off in such a way that you feel better for having read the book.   That's more than entertainment.
B000002HHB|4.0|Four and a half stars, actually. <br />Somehow I managed to buy 'Ophelia' before 'Tigerlily', but after listening to both several times, I'm hooked. I recognized several songs on 'Tigerlily' from the radio, and think they've  been well assembled. A Top-40 song can sometimes create a &quot;spike&quot;  of engagement in a CD, if the rest of the songs are just fodder, but  whenever I listen to one of Merchant's CDs, I feel I'm being carried along  smoothly from song to song, even when the songs themselves aren't alike.  <br />Merchant's voice is the strength of her CDs, and the personality of her  voice establishes a strong thread from song to song. Like other people have  observed, her material sometimes puts her across as self-absorbed. Songs  like 'Wonder' and 'Jealousy', for instance, seem pared down to the very  essence of 'I', and 'Carnival' has a similarly established point of view.  But you either accept this or you don't: it's like having a friend who's  blindered and dramatic, but also incredibly charismatic.  <br />There are no  songs I dislike on this CD except for 'Beloved Wife'. Favorites are  'Carnival', 'San Andreas Fault' and -- despite the slightness of its lyrics  -- 'Jealousy'. I think that when she goes folksy, as with 'Cowboy Romance',  she stakes out a distinctive patch of ground. I'm glad she doesn't take  that direction for an entire CD, but it's good while it lasts. <br />In  general, I think this -- like 'Ophelia' -- is smooth and a bit strange. Not  powerful, not totally assured, but authentic in a small and personal way.  Small: to be differentiated from the grasping, ragged angst that tries to  claim a mass of listeners through aggressive force. When I listen to  Merchant sing, I get the feeling she's not especially worried about winning  all our hearts and minds, and it's a quality I welcome.
0780625129|5.0|This movie has been described in this forum as &quot;a must see for everyone.&quot;  Not so; don't see this movie if you are easily offended by racial epithets, graphic violence, and a brutal prison rape scene.  The  vitriol spills off the screen and leaves you feeling dirty.<br />Having said  that, this is an incredibly powerful movie.  Each actor turns in career  performances.  Norton himself deserved an Oscar for his performance but I  think the subject matter of this movie was too much for the Academy to  embrace.<br />The scenes with Norton and Furlong bristle with energy.  The  love that these two brothers have for each other amid all of their hatred  for others is deeply touching.  Furlong's voice cracks as his character,  Danny, upbraids his older brother and hero asking why he has changed.  As  Norton and the film tell the story of his transformation, the camera looks  unflinchingly at the process.<br />The story ultimately deals with the process  by which Norton's character, Derek Vinyard, finds redemption.  It comes at  a terrible price.
B000001EMW|4.0|This CD certainly shows what can be done with the Raw hard edged sound of Metallica ! Thumbs up guys, now I can have a romantic dinner with my girl AND play Metallica at the same time.......
B00000IPAX|5.0|Why is it that no punk/ska bands can make it big?  What does it matter if everyone knows who they are?  It doesnt mean they still dont make great music.  Sure there have been people who have been with blink from the  beginning, but now those people fear that they wont be the only ones who  know of them.  How about everyone just listen to whatever they want, and  not worry about who is selling out or making it big?
0800177355|4.0|The Colorado Rockies is just one majestic attraction in the USA that is not well exploited by movie makers.  Thanks to the creator of Cliffhanger in making this come to reality.  Obvious enough, the movie has very few  weak visual effects that kinda disapproves a thrill seeker's likings.  I  wonder if there were a few scenes in this movie that were shot in  Hollywood.  Nonetheless, the movie is packed with action and adventure. It  was quite disheartening on the first episode after a girlfriend falls from  the line.  So terrifying and so real!  Sylvester Stallone is just the man  for this kind of adventure.
B000002LQQ|5.0|This is an album of many atmospheres.  Each song brings you into its own world--sometimes purely fun, sometimes exotic/erotic and reaching into deep, dark, mysterious feelings.  The musical vision is clear, clever and  dead on, and the playing is excellent.
0374172897|5.0|This novel is both an homage to Mrs. Dalloway and a quantum leap beyond it. It's blinding in its spare, elegant prose and in its Polaroid snaps of a day in the lives of its fascinating characters.
0684867621|5.0|At last, another King novel worthy of the author.  Stephen King has digressed and veered so far off of his original style that I was beginning to wonder if he would ever come back.  I am thrilled to say he's back, and  just as good, if not better, than ever.  His vivid descriptions of nine  year old Trisha's experiences in the woods are hair raising at best, and  the element of &quot;something out there&quot; adds flavor to an already  suspenseful twister.  This story needs no salt, Stephen King's flair for  the bizarre and his brilliant, innovative mind will capture the reader just  as in the King days of old.  DON'T MISS THIS ONE.
0780623134|5.0|I have watched this movie about 10 times and never get tired of seeing the warden's expression when he rips that poster away. The acting and directing in this film are outstanding. The movie keeps you engrossed at all times  with all the different stories going on. I bought a movie poster of this  film and have it framed and on my wall. Watch this movie, you will be glad  you did!
6301697707|5.0|Love the special effects, the characters and the plot.  Val &amp; Earl may be country handymen, but they are heroic - very responsible.  Rhonda the seismologist student is smart and a survival.  Burt &amp; wife are a  matching pair.  Great potrayal of Val &amp; Rhonda subtle attractions.  And  the creatures, they learn fast.  Each can only be destroyed in a different  way, first by accident upon hitting RC drain head on, second by elephant  gun, third by &quot;bomb fishing technique&quot; and last by tricking it  into jumping off the cliff.  Absolutely great movie!
B000002GJH|5.0|there exist few greater expressions of truth.  this is agony tempered with the brilliance of the human soul.  ignore the hype and listen to the artists...  they share with you the beauty of every human life in this  amazing tribute. <br />this is the greatest single album i have ever heard.
6305311463|4.0|This version is amazing! This DVD really makes this movie much better! The extra scenes are very interesting and informative! The extra audio channels are AMAZING Bruce Willis, Michael Bay and Jerry Brucheimer are o.k...BUT  Ben Afleck is hilarious!! His commentary is worth the price of the DVD! It  is like being with your friend while he Goofs on the unrealistic aspects of  the movie! It took guts for him to be as candid as he is, it is  unbelievably refreshing!
B000000OQF|5.0|The Rock N' Roll fromm the 80's sucked, until this album came out.<br />&quot;Appetite For Destruction&quot; showed many bands what real Rock N' Roll is all about!!<br />Songs like Welcome To The Jungle, Paradise  City, Sweet Child O' Mine, My Michelle, Mr. Brownstone, and It's So Easy  showed that Guns N' Roses was a band of respect in the Rock N' Roll  scene.<br />And they ain't dead yet!!
0767821769|5.0|A GREAT MOVIE!!! The characers are wonderfully played, by Susan Sarandon, Julia Roberts and Ted Harris, and the whole package is very realistic. The story is in parts joyful, in parts sad, and in others harrowing. Mothers  will sympathise with Susan Sarandon, whilst Step Mothers will sympathise  with Julia Roberts. Divorced men will appreciate Ted Harris. For those  fortunate enough to have not experienced anything like this, Stepmom  teaches us a valuable lesson.
6300247120|5.0|When I fall out of exercising mode, there are always a couple of things that remotivate me like nothing else.  The book Once a Runner never fails to get me out for a run and this movie never fails to get me out for a bike  ride.  I've loved this movie for years, and yes, I'm even old enough to  remember watching the t.v. series based on it while it lasted.  A  wonderful, inspiring story that rings as true now as it ever did about life  in small college towns all over America.
B00000ILDF|2.0|I remember seeing an interview with one of the actors from this film (the head of the colony, i think) on David Letterman and even he agreed that the movie wasn't very good.  Perhaps it could have been, but too much was left  on the editing room floor and the result was a disappointing mess.  I'll  buy the first two DVD's, but as far as I'm concerned there is no Alien  trilogy.
B000002TPS|5.0|Youthanasia, is an EXELENTE album, and here are one song that change my life, his name is A tout le monde, and this song will sound in my funeral.I from Buenos Aires, ARGENTiNA, and i love Megadeth, because are  the most Speed Metal, Melodic Metal on earth.
0767821769|5.0|A REAL TEAR-JERKER IT WAS GREAT MUST SE
0871137380|5.0|Every U.S. citizen should read this book.  Not only will you gain a better appreciation of what our military members do to protect our way of life, but you'll get an even greater understanding of the failings of our  political and military leaders, at all levels, at the expense of these  soldiers/sailors/airmen/marines who put their lives on the line each and  every day.<br />As I was reading this book, I was absolutely dumbfounded to  find out the details of what went on during the Battle of the Black Sea in  October 1993.  I recall the downed helicopters, the bodies of the  crewmembers being dragged through the steets of Mogadishu, and CWO Durant  on television after his capture by the Somalis.  I had absolutely no idea  of any further details, and thought for a little while that I must have  slept through news broadcasts for a couple of weeks while this was being  reported.  But alas, it wasn't reported, until Mr. Bowden researched and  documented the details of the operation in Black Hawk Down.<br />Thanks to all  of our servicemembers for a continued job well done, and especially to all  of those -- Rangers, Delta Force, 160th SOAR, 10th Mountain Division, and  the Malaysian forces -- who suffered through this operation.
0395754100|1.0|Curious George gets kidnapped from his natural habitat in an African jungle by a &quot;nice&quot; man who throws a sack over him, bundles him onto a ship and takes him to America where he puts him in a  &quot;nice&quot; zoo. <br />Is this the kind of &quot;niceness&quot; we want  our children to learn?
6305342741|4.0|Unlike many people---I never saw the movie until the VCR revolution was in full gear---still I  enjoyed it---almost as much as I enjoyed the tape I have now. My only gripe would is that the digital transfer is a little too  clear(you can  actually see the wires that the puppeteers are using on the  robot characters at one point).<br />While the story is probably not the best  one I've ever seen--it's servicable at least.<br />Oh, yes---the FX were even  more inpressive in this new version.
0964385619|5.0|Robert Kiyosaki really breaks it all down for you, the average Joe!  What I use to find very intimidating and difficult to comprehend became very easy and makes me look forward to &quot;minding my own business&quot;!  I  wholehearted recommend this book to anyone seeking to be rich.
6305388458|5.0|The best because it's the one with the most coherent plot as well as some of their best humor.  I like the part where all the worshipers decide that he is indeed the Messiah and immediately split into factions over how to  worship him, while one old man suggests that everyone stop and give thanks.   He's ignored of course.
B000000OSW|4.0|Is it just me or does anybody else notice that the production standards on this disc aren't up to those of his other recordings?  Play this album back to back with So and you will notice that the sound on So is much crisper  and cleaner.  Anyway, the musical content on this album is right up there  with So and in some instances surpasses it.  Oh sure, there are the  obligatory &quot;I'm only putting this tune on the disc in hopes that I'll  get radio airplay&quot; songs Steam and Kiss that Frog in which he tries to  repeat the success of &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;.  Otherwise the songs on Us  are some of the best that PG's ever done either lyrically or musically.   Even the early nineties hit &quot;Digging in the Dirt&quot; is a pretty  complex look into the psyche.  If you like So, you'll be pleasantly  surprised by Us.  And BTW, if you like Us, check out Plus From Us which is  a compilation of music from the musicians which appeared on, and inspired  the music of, Us.
B000005RUX|5.0|Though ten is my least favorite album it still strikes a perfect 5 stars in my book. Every song is filled with emotional vocals and music that sounds as if it comes from the gods...bet then again, this is pearl jam  we're talking about, so maybe it is music from gods. A great album, but  nothing like later releases Yield, Vitalogy, Vs, and the mystical mastery  of No Code. Check em all out.
B000001ZS8|5.0|Jean Michel Jarre transports the listener to a new place in the realm of this &quot;new age&quot; genre.  The effects and transmutations of various samplings is quite remarkable.  Its also a very well recorded release.
B000002IHU|5.0|Guitar oriented, with great well written lyrics for metal of the 80's. One of the best live products of the 80's era.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I got this CD for my Mum but I think I listen to it more than she does! The best songs include 'It's Not Right, But it's Okay', 'Heartbreak Hotel', 'Get it Back', and 'My Love is Your Love', but the ballads are pretty great  too. This album has such variety- hip hop tunes by Missy Elliot, ballads by  Diane Warren, and just really flavoursome R&amp;B grooves that you find  yourself humming along to. Plus,with a voice like Whitney's, you can't go  wrong. A word of warning: tracks 1, 2, 3, 5, 6,and 9 are very different to  Whitney's older stuff, so if you're buying this expecting tons of slow,  mushy stuff, THINK AGAIN! This one is sassier, smarter and has a much  faster pace than the others, but I think that's what makes it so great.
B000000WCX|5.0|Bowie is fast paced, and this performance is probably of the same caliber as Black Tie White Noise (although that recording is of a different flavor). Bowie is original, and refreshing...<BR>Also, the recording quality is virtually perfect.  Be sure to turn down the volume on your stereo before you play this to establish a safe level!!!
B000002UB3|5.0|This is a great CD and it is one of those NICE beatle CD's. It is powerful music, not in the 'rock n roll' sense, it actually stirs numerous emotions and you find yourself feeling happy or depressed. Either way its absolutely  great. The best song is 'the End', it a fantastically well put together  song, even though there are virtually no lyrics, the music quality is truly  fab. THIS CD IS A DEFINITE MUST, BUY IT NOW. IF anyone who is seriously  interested in the beatles and their music wants to get in touch with me  feel free to e-mail me :daniel.walton@lineone.net I am 16 and have studied  the Beatles all my life and have listened to all the songs a million times,  and i love this cd.
B000002BE9|2.0|i THOUGHT this album was going to be one of my favorites when i bought it, but when i listened to it, i found that it was just way too BORING.  and what is with her voice in &quot;never is a promise&quot;?  she needs to  seriously take the money she is making from this album and invest it into  some singing lessons.
6305428220|5.0|I have never been this hyped for a release.  I love this movie!  I saw it five times in the theater!!  It never has a slow moment(thanks to Robert Rodriegezs' great editing).  And for all those who claimed it ripped off  Body Snatchers--why don't you go SEE the movie.  I thought the same thing.   This film is truly one of those rare events where the trailer is actually  worse than the film!!
B000002LFU|3.0|Even the best alternative band of the 80's and 90's has to have a low point. And, low point as it may be, that doesn't mean it's all that bad; compared to some of the other releases of its day, Green is a pretty good  listen. Still, it's too mediocre for R.E.M.'s high standards, which have  now been set by the near-perfect albums Up and New Adventures In Hi-Fi.  &quot;You Are the Everything&quot; pales in comparison to the band's later  attempts at beautiful melodies; &quot;Stand&quot;, although intentionally  stupid, is almost too stupid to listen to; &quot;The Wrong Child&quot; has  an interesting composition, but doesn't really go anywhere considering its  length; &quot;Hairshirt&quot; is just plain annoying, repetitive, and is  probably the band's worst song to date. Still, &quot;Pop Song 89&quot; is a  decent pop song, &quot;Turn You Inside-Out&quot; is an excellent example of  R.E.M.'s harder side, and the eleventh untitled track leaves the album off  with some hope.
B00000ILBK|3.0|Not every day do I catch myself shedding a tear for Star Trek, but I couldn't help it.  I bet you know which scene I cried at...it was the scene with Data on the mountain top talking about....breasts?!  Of course, I was  laughing so HARD I cried, I still did cry.  Other than that, this trek  adventure was fun.  It had something that trek has never really covered  though--emotion.  When I speak of emotion, I am talking about Picard.  I'd  never really seen him so...uhhh...what's the word...ahh, mushy.  Well  anyway, I couldn't help but like the films goffiness.  The team over at  Trek studios worked real hard for this one and they failed...but still this  trek does have one good thing to say for itself.  It is the BEST of the  worst!  That truly is something, now isn't it.
B000001EPB|3.0|This is good music and pleasant listening, but to my mind Flatley's and the other dancer's taps are necessary to the music.  Without them, a vital percussion instrument is missing.
078322706X|5.0|Meet Joe Black is now my favorite movie of all time,it stirred up emotions that I haven't felt  watching any other movie. Was it 3 hours? It could have gone on forever for me. Brad Pitt was brilliant to all the naysayers  who now want to knock Brad down. Don't you wish you were as good  looking  and talented too.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Rarely does a sequel match the original. Eden is very bit the equal of Time to Say Goodby and that says it all. You can't improve on perfection. Sarah Brightman's voice is incomprable and like good wine just gets better.  I didn't even look to see what songs were included when I bought the CD. It  would not have mattered.
B000001G5H|5.0|Technically excellent. I suppose that's the most important thing for Etude, but sometimes it doesn't have the personnality of a Claudio Arrau recording or a Franois Duchable, but overall it's excellent. If you're  studying the Etudes, it will give you an excellent idea of what perfect  execution means. And even if you're just listening to them for the  pleasure, you will find, I hope, this recording most agreable, as I did.
078322706X|5.0|I read everyone's reviews and the haunting theme thru the movie just got to me I enjoyed all the actors they were truly hand-picked for their rolls. But the music will ALWAYS  get to me
630512065X|5.0|Cats the video is the best video I have ever seen of any musical! I love it!!
0446310786|5.0|I had grave misgivings about even starting this book, what with it having a narrator who recounts her innocent childhood.  What could I, a 50-year-old white male, an embittered battle-weary liberal, get out of it?   Well... plenty actually.  For one thing, the kid really is cute and  precocious, and her lines are always remarkably apt, like Alice's.  And all  the other characters are similarly convincingly drawn.  The seeming  childishness of many of the incidents always have a deeper level of  meaning.  But mainly, the stunning matter-of-factness of the trial of the  Negro and its foregone conclusion, and how life had no choice but to go on  (to do anything else would be life-denying) reached deep into my heart and  made its certain mark on my soul.  Not all books have to exhibit the  densities of a Saul Bellow or a John Barth tome.  Some books can be quite  simple and still succeed magnificently.  This book is one of them.  Don't  avoid it just because it's read in schools.  Thank God it is.
0671510991|5.0|In his book Diplomacy, Henry Kissinger uses his vast knowledge of the art of diplomacy and applies it to the most important periods in history of the last 200 years. For many, the key points of history are highlighted by  wars, Kissinger tells the story of those who worked to avoid, or sometimes  initiate, wars and how they rebuilt international relations after conclict.   His analysis of their actions is an asset for anyone studying world  diplomacy.  He shows the origins of many of the philosophies used in the  diplomacy of today.  For those with an interest in history, diplomacy or  political science, this book is a must.
0451169514|5.0|(If I may borrow this phrase from Janice on &quot;FRIENDS&quot;) OH- MY- GOD! This book is the best.  SK is very descriptive and a small portion of the book dragged, but it is the ultimate.  It took me three weeks to read  the first 500 hundred pages, but I read the last half in less than a week.   I couldn't put it down.  The last one hundred pages took a day or two  because I did not want to say goodbye to my new friends.  The characters  seem to become a part of your life.  In just two pages you could go from  crying to laughing to feeling mute because you can't warn &quot;your new  friends&quot; that Henry and his buddies are close behind.  I feel like I  belonged with them, because when I was in school I was in a &quot;Losers  Club&quot;.  &quot;How can they forget each other after all that they've been through?&quot; I cried. &quot;I  promise I won't forget&quot;.  But thanks to the mind of Stephen it all  makes sense.  BUT DON'T SEE THE MOVIE.  I am gladI read the book first.   How could they do such a thing to my book?  I had to stop the movie even  before it ended.  I'd rather remember &quot;IT&quot; from what I imagined  in the book, not from what I saw in the movie.  I had two nightmares.  One  when I first started getting into the book.  Scared the crap out of me.   After viewing some of the movie, the nightmare was simply laughable. The  clown was not scary at all, and I do fear clowns sometimes.  And that  spider looked like something out of a 60's claymation movie. ( I watched  tape 2 first by accident, but I couldn't tell the difference) READ THE BOOK  AND STILL DON'T WATCH THE MOVIE!!!!
B000004756|3.0|When I heard that McLaughlin, Dimeola and De Lucia had once again picked up their guitars together, I could barely contain my excitement.  Friday Night in San Francisco is one of the most magical guitar albums I have ever  heard.  Though the trio has, on this record, certainly not lost any of the  virtuosity of the 1980 release, and has in many way improved the quality of  composition and the maturity of the music, they have failed to recapture  the excitement of that one night in San Francisco.  That being said, the  technical mastery of their instruments alone is worth the price of the  album and still I cannot help but be awed by the brilliance displayed in  the performances.  I have played for 25 years now and can never hope to  match the level these three men have attained.  They are phenomenal.
6302649943|1.0|Did we all see the same movie?!?!?!  Well maybe because I am 25 years old that I can see the difference in real horror and a rushed film.  This junk was rushed.  Maybe if saw the movie first and then read the book, it would  have been better.  But the book was just the best.  I can't believe that  they even disgrace MY book with that mess.  Sometimes if you read a book  and then see the movie you can appreciate the movie a little for it's  differences- not here.  I read the book and the next night after I finished  it I rented the video- couldn't even get through the entire thing.  It  Sucked so bad I wanted to cry.  PLEASE, DON'T WATCH THIS MOVIE- PLEASE READ  THE BOOK- I BEG OF YOU.  Poor Billy and his friends.  Well at lease the  movie gave Stuttering Bill hair even though his stuttering was ridiculous.  I know people who stutter and none of them are THAT bad.  I could hear him  in the book, but in the movie the few times when he stuttered, he looked  like he needed Eds asthma medicine!!!!
0800177355|3.0|Picture quality good but the case advertises 5.1 sound and only delivers Pro-logic. My copy would not locate any DVD menu. The disc offers two viewing formats (one on each side of the disc.)
0786703830|4.0|Beware -- this book is also published (by The Hogarth Press) under the title &quot;Hide My Eyes.&quot;  Don't make my mistake and buy the same book twice.
0784011222|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES IN HISTORY. THE LINES THAT RAMBO SAYS ARE ALL CLASSICS THAT CAN BE USED IN EVERYDAY LIFE. LIKE WHEN HE SAYS, &quot;WHAT'S IT DO?&quot;  &quot;IT TURNS BLUE.&quot;  ALSO WHEN HE RAMBO  SAYS TO THE COLONEL, &quot;YOU SEE A LOT.&quot; I LIKE IT WHEN THE KID ASK  HOW MANY DAYS WALK IT IT TO ARIZONA, &quot;OH ABOUT 2 YEARS&quot;. THE  VILENCE ON THIS MOVIE IS PERFECT EVEN FOR KIDS AND HILLARIOUS. IT ISN'T  REALLY GORY BECAUSE IT'S MOSTLY DESTRUCTION AND JUST SHOOTING.  IT'S FUNNY  WHEN THE GUY GETS ELECTRICUTED. ALSO WHEN THE GUY GETS BLOWN UP. THE CAVE  SCENE'S INCREDIBLE. IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED, I REALLY LIKE RAMBO 3,  IT'S FAST PACED AND LITTERALLY MOVES. THE ACTION IS VERY GOOD AND THERE'S A  LOT OF SHOOTING AND EXPLOSIONS FOR YOU GUN FANS. THIS IS THE BEST RAMBO  MOVIE. UNFORTUATELY, THERE ARE NO MORE AFTER THIS WONDERFUL CLASSIC. (I  WISH THEY DIDN'T MAKE SO MANY DAMN ROCKY MOVIES. THESE ARE MUCH BETTER). IF  YOU DON'T OWN THIS MOVIE YOU'RE MISSING OUT ON ONE OF THE GREATEST LIFE  EXPERIENCES. THE END CREDIT SONG IS ALSO EXCELLENTG. ENJOY!
6305364613|4.0|This movie is a great modern adaptation of the age old tale of Romeo and Juliet.  Set in modern times the original script is used almost to the word, and changes were done for the better... Shakespere himself would be  proud!
6305358567|5.0|There have been very few movies in my 45 years that I have felt carried away by.  This one grabs you from the opening moments.  My ancestry is Engish, but I have always been bored with English history until this movie.   Although this movie is not exact in it's historical content, (Walsingham  did not murder Mary Queen of Scots, etc.) It does however capture the  intrigue of the conspiracy against Elizabeth.  I found myself not knowing  who to believe or trust.  I also found myself really caring about Elizabeth  and her safety. This one is really a thriller.<br />Cate Blanchett should have  won the Oscar for her portrayal of Queen Bess. I can see that most everyone  here agrees.  She took my breath away. Can't wait to get my own copy.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I can't stress enough how incredible this CD is. It is my favorite CD this year and it is only April.The selection of songs are diverse - but fit like a hand in glove. Can't wait to see her perform the songs in concert in  June. I have not seen her on stage since she was in Phantom.
6300213714|5.0|Saw this with my best friend in grade school.  Still top notch and very real....come out to play...hey...where's the DVD anyway?????  DVD is out!!!!
B000002KHH|5.0|This CD rules. Sabbath was the defining Heavy Metal band of the early 1970's, and is still a huge influence in that type of music. This is thier best album. All of thier work with Ozzy is great, but this one stands out  because of the quality of the songs. Faires Wear Boots, War Pigs, and the  title track all make it onto sabbath tribute albums and greatest hit  collections. Worth it since its less expensive than many newer, weaker  albums, and it is most definately an essential Heavy Metal album.
0553274503|5.0|I thought this book was one of the best I have ever read. It is very sad, but it teachs you many lesons in life. I read it in school, and I belive everyone should have a chance to read this!
B00000DFTG|5.0|Never underestimate the power of original rockers. Sabbath rocks the house on this one. They can still deliver the goods live, even though all the guys are over 50. I think the most suprising thing on this album is Iommi's  guitar work. If you haven't heard much since Sabbath's early work (i.e.  Paranoid, Sabatage) you'll be suprised at how he has learned how to smoke  that axe. Maybe he bought Ozzy's CDs with Randy, Jake, and Zakk? It's funny  that these guys easily beat the pants off of bands half thier age like The  Offsrping and KoRn (you know thier cool because they capitalize a letter in  the middle of thier name). Rock on Sabbath!
630505116X|5.0|I totally loved this movie! I've watched it 3 times so far and I'm going to watch it again! I loved the storyline and all the special effects!!
B00000634L|5.0|I first heard BV3G in Cetral Park SummerStage and I was instantly overwhelmed by their wonderous rythms and sounds. They are more like a musical cooperaive than a band and their diverse talents all come togeher  in an organic infusion of hiphop, rock, folk and electronica, in a style  that is far greater than the sum of its parts. I cherish every moment of  this album as a beatiful and spontaneous cross section of our contemporary  musical experience.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|The Offspring are the best at putting out consistent, great albums. Nobody does it better. Another great one by the guys.
6304795254|5.0|One of the finest filmmakers of our time has treated us with another fine delicacy of Hollywood filmmaking.  David Fincher's finely tuned visuals, mixed with Howard Shore's intoxicating and disturbing original score,  coupled with Michael Douglas' well played role, makes for one excellent  escape.  Without giving too much a way, &quot;the Game&quot; is a spin off  of &quot;A Christmas Carol&quot;  Watch it, analyze it, love it. A good  movie, will simply entertain you.  A great movie will entertain you, as  well as it will leave you with something, emotionally.  This is a great  movie.
B000002AD0|4.0|It's all here: carlos santana's frenetic fret work, the fusion of latin, jazz, and blues, psychedelic nonsense, et. al. This album was recorded prior to santana's first official album and the final form of the band had  not yet occurred, but you can certainly see what was coming. The opening  tracks are a little jazzier than the studio versions (the whole set is  looser than any of santana's studio albums), giving them a slightly  different feel. The unreleased tracks are a marvelous glimpse into what  made san francisco so interesting (or dreadful if you grieved the loss of  the three minute single) in 1968. Most are extended improvisations that  really burn because there are only five people involved, rather than the  amalgams that appeared later. The two man percussion team really shine on  soul sacrifice and the 30 minute workout  freeway. Santana's own solos are  tight and well-played, making one wonder again how neil schon could ever  say he was respnsible for most of the guitar work on the albums that  included him (but that's another story). A good find.
6304167660|4.0|I liked this movie a lot. Timothy Hutton was great. However, the movie was filmed in Tarrytown, NY, a couple of towns above the Bronx, not in Massachusetts as a number here have contended.
B000002KJM|5.0|The track &quot;Just got back from baby's&quot; contains the sweetest lead guitar tone and feel that I've ever heard.  You can hear the old amp buzzing, compressing, and working hard.  It's great.  The whole album is  raw and powerful.  It's the first entry in my trilogy of rock music.
B00000IQV6|4.0|This movie was very touching....and the fact that it was based on a true story was even more moving. I thought it was very well put together. Another person wrote that it was a stupid movie, because they kept trying  to make you cry......apparently it worked and that's why they were upset.  But, in reality they were just telling a real life story...... and life  isn't always happy and sunny.....that's just reality.....but, I do believe  they did a good job of balancing the laughter and the tears. Great  movie.....I would watch it again......and again.....and again. :o)
6303187064|5.0|Even though this was Brandon Lee's last movie I think it was a good note to go out on. This could of been his best movie he ever made. It puts love, drama, action, and comedy all together brillantly. This movie really makes  you think of how every little thing counts in life and not waste it.
0606118144|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book!  Great plot, wonderfully developed characters - Overall an awesome book, complete with real-life randomness!  It was AWESOME.
B00000IGGA|5.0|When I heard that Tom was coming out with a new album soon, I was extremely excited, but also worried that it would turn out to be a lackluster copy of previous albums.  I shouldn't have worried.  This is  simply adding to the extreme catalog that is tom's.  A wonderful album.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Tom Waits proves in &quot;Mule Variations&quot; that he can still sing; he just chooses not to sometimes. A throwback to a less noisy period of his recordings this is reminiscent of &quot;Rain Dogs&quot; and even some of  his pre-&quot;Swordfishtrombones&quot; work. He is still a master. Let's  just hope he tours.
0060277246|5.0|The Lion, the Wich,and the Wardrobe is a great book!I liked this book so much because it has adventure,mystery,and suspense.It is about 4 kids who move to a professor's house and accidently go to Narnia through a magic  wardrobe.It is a book full of fun and adventure.
0780624890|5.0|Special effects 5 stars Opening Scene 5 stars Closing scenes 5 stars Middle scenes 4 stars Story line 5 stars Day Walkers 5+ stars
0141301155|5.0|This book is great for young readers.It has sadness, happiness, and it is absolutely hailarious.You will love  this fantastic book!
0871137380|5.0|For a person who's father fought in the Battle of Mogadishu, Black Hawk Down brings the true experience of combat to life. If anybody wants to really &quot;feel&quot; what it is like to fight in a modern armed conflict  -  this it. Bowden gives readers a true sense of the horrors and heroism  that shaped that fateful October day. This book truly gives justice to the  brave men who fought on that tragic day.
0792153189|5.0|I thought the movie was great.  As far as acting I thought the actors put across what they were attempting to convey, no flashy overdramatization, just simple real emotion.  That's what I loved best about the movie the  emotion.  I also saw Armageddon and believe that this movie got a bad rap  from the beginning.  It was what it was from the start -- an action movie  and it was excellent.  From special effects to casting I thought it was  great.  I recommend both of these movies.  They look at the same type of  disaster in vastly different ways.
6300151379|5.0|This is a timeless movie; good for the whole family.  Please add my name to the growing list of people who want this movie back in print.
B00000DBXL|4.0|Being a trumpet player, i was drawn to Cake for the sole fact that, well, they have a trumpet player in a rock band. Their lyrics are bangin', the frontman's got it goin' for him, and they're just an all-around good,  original group.
0871137380|5.0|This was one of the most gripping books I've ever read -- I couldn't put it down until I'd finished it. Once I'd read it, I felt a mixture of depression and inspiration: Depression because of the hell these guys went  through and the fact that the perception back in the States was totally  wrong and inspiration because of the courage and devotion of these  soldiers.<br />Like most people, I only vaguely remember the battle of  Mogadishu -- the video of US soldiers being dragged through the streets,  etc. I had no idea of the enormity of the battle. I am also distressed now  to know how few people even remember this -- when I told several friends  and family members that I was reading this book, most said they didn't even  remember the US mission to Somalia.<br />All Americans ought to read this book  to fully appreciate what our soldiers are called to do on our behalf.
0790736314|5.0|There are few movies in the horror genre which can be called classic, but this is one of the best!  The gradual change in the sweet face of Linda Blair is horrible enough but the gutteral devil sounds provided by Mercedes  McCambridge are enough to send chills up just about anyone's spine!  The  suspense builds gradually and the climactic confrontation between good and  evil will leave you breathless.  Have a horror marathon with friends and  add other horror classics such as Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Night of the  Living Dead and Dawn of the Dead and, you've got a great night of terror  ahead.  Above all, be sure to have the lights off during the presentation  and someone to stay the night in case the scary dreams haunt you!
0871137380|5.0|A non-fiction book that read like a Tom Clancy novel with a real-life follow through.  This book runs the full spectrum of your emotions.  Some of the passages will leave you incredulous and others proud of your  countrymen.
6304240562|5.0|I have always been a fan of the horror genre of movies but the best of the best would have to be this movie-sequel to &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot;. Perhaps if its predecesor hadn't such low budget production  values it might have surpassed this one, but &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot;  is by far the most terrifyingly amusing (how's that for an oxymoron) film  ever made.  The suspense is presented through frighteningly realistic news  coverage which puts the viewer into the situation.  Once the main  characters are put into the shopping mall to fend for themselves, the  suspense builds to dizzying heights.  Thank goodness for moments of levity  to relieve the more terrifying scenes. Tom Savini's gory effects are top  notch for the day.  This is not an Oscar calibre movie (except maybe for  fx), but taken as pure horror, it is right up there with such luminaries as  &quot;The Exorcist&quot; and the original &quot;Halloween&quot;.  You want  to be scared? This is the movie that will do it! NOT for the faint of  heart!!
B0000035E7|2.0|Nirvana kicks ass, but this cd blows it. The reason i gave 2 stars is because i liked about 10 seconds of the album.
B000002L9Y|5.0|Tango In the Night defines late 80's pop for me.  I love each and every song on this album. I don't know why everyone hates Stevie's When I See You Again, its not that bad, and her Seven Wonders, is way underrated.   Christine McVie's Little Lies is still played a lot on the radio and so are  Everywhere and Lindsey's Big Love, occasionally too. After Rumours, I can  see how everyone can try to compare this to it, but they are so different  in sound, Fleetwood Mac mastered synthesizers in Tango and it was, and  still is a fresh sound today. I highly reccomend this album to any rock  music fan, it's a must have!
6303979882|5.0|it is one of my most favorite movies. it is about 4 best friends who reunite after 20 years. It is one of my favorites because It is sort of like me and my friends.
6304078145|5.0|I thought that this movie was very clever. Tim Roth was amazing. He just blew me away. I've never seen an actor who has the ability to be so animated since Peter Sellers. The humor in this movie is in a world of it's  own. Either you like it or you don't. I thought it was really really funny.  Ofcourse, don't take my word for it. See this movie for youself and see  What I'm talking about.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|Listening to a cat atop a fence post -- endlessly wailing at another cat across the street, while standing in the kitchen with all of the appliances at full blast on a muggy summer evening in the swamplands -- crickets  playing songs that make you  want to pull a Van Gogh and cut your ear off  -- both of them even -- would be less painful than listening to this album.   Menudo's greatest hits, if there is such a thing, would be a better  alternative!!  Did I mention that this album is bad
6305268843|5.0|I saw this movie when I was living in Spain and I wasn't expecting much, because I was looking for an English-speaking movie and anyone would have done, but this was an excellent movie.  I don't want to give anything away  to those who haven't seen it, but I was so pleased with the ending.  I was  expecting something &quot;Shakespearean...&quot;
0812550706|5.0|I read this book for a class.  When I started reading it, I was dubious about Science Fiction written by a Mormon.  Four years and all his books I could get my hands on later, I'm convinced.  Some of his moral judgements  are foreign to me, but no more so than Robert Heinlein's, and they don't  distract from Ender's Game.
0792833201|5.0|Surely this wonderfully freaky movie is on its way to becoming a classic.  Heather O'Rourke is an adorable towheaded angel, the parents,(Jobeth Williams and Craig T. Nelson) are cool, pot smoking, laid back, etc. with a  seemingly great relationship. The brother, Robby, is a seemingly typical  older brother.  The teenage daughter, played faultlessly by the late  Dominique Dunne, is the always bitchy, know -it- all.  Special effects are  great, good laughs, tremendous scares, and a kick ass theme song to boot.  Highly unusual all the deaths and accidents associated with the cast and  this movie.  Makes you wonder how close to the truth about the spirit world  this movie might have been.
B0000028RR|5.0|I don't have to think twice when trying to pick the best CD of the 90s.  To the reviewer who said Korn was better--give me a break.  They're not even in the same league.  Killing in the Name Of is a PERFECT CD.  No  flaws.  Three years ago I moshed to the CD.  Two years ago I was chilling  to it.  Now I listen to it simply because it is a masterpiece.  Wake Up is  simply breaktaking.  Buy this before you buy any other CD.  After three  years, this is still in my changer more than any other CD.
0684867621|5.0|Although I admit I'm a \\"fan\\", this was a great read about something all New Englanders fear -- being out in the woods alone and not knowing how to get back.  Thankfully the 9-year old heroine had her walkman  (and poncho) with her, so she could listen to her hero, Tom Gordon finish  night games for the Red Sox (in his own inimitable style)<br /><br />A great starter  book for someone who's not familiar with King's ouevre.  Note that there is  a smattering of curses (who wouldn't curse in this situation?) in case one  is considering the purchase for a child.
B0000035GN|5.0|Don't listen to the previous reviewer.  Bakesale is as good as Sebadoh has ever done, although I do agree with them that Bubble and Scrape is incredible.  I know that Bakesale isn't as experimental as previous  Sebadoh, but it makes a great case for powerful non-experimental rock.  I  never thought I'd like anything as straightforward as Bakesale, but it also  isn't conventional in an important way--it takes you on an incredible  rollercoater of awesome and frequently beautiful rock.  And don't listen to  what the previous reviewer says about Harmacy--that's another incredible  album.  Where Sebadoh really lost it was with The Sebadoh, which, while  better than most of what's out there, sounds like a bad copy of Bakesale  and Harmacy.
B000007U6W|5.0|This is the best Kraftwerk's album. The title track is a fascinating trip that we always want to remake. The cosmic tracks &quot;Kometenmelodie 1 &amp; 2&quot; show the band in it's best form.
B000006U44|5.0|Kate was a pioneer woman when it came to controlling all aspects of what she did.  Her lovely voice, strong personal song-writing, fine-tuned musical-playing skills created a wonderful and unusual package, a showing  of rare musical strength and concepts.  The breathe of her skills are  amazing for one so young (a teenager here), as also shown in the  dance/choreography skills demonstrated in the videos of her songs.  Her  fans tend to be quite Kate-Maniacs.  Me too!
B00000119Z|5.0|Sorry, Yes's fans... but the best group in which Steve Howe played his guitar is the psychedelic Tomorrow, that recorded truly gems of british psychedelia (listen &quot;My White Bycicle&quot; and &quot;Revolution  Now&quot;). But he wasn't the only talent: there was the extremely  underrated singer Keith West and the crazy drummer Twink. YOU MUST BUY THIS  RECORD, IF YOU LIKE MUSIC!!!
0451450523|5.0|A simple, artfully crafted bit of disillusionment set paradoxically in the fantasy genre.  As the cliched saying goes: a children's tale for grown ups.
6305095442|3.0|Sure, there are a few great scenes in this movie (like the flying eyeball, Ash vs. his hand, and the scene at the beginning with Ash's undead girlfriend), but overall, it's not nearly as funny as people say it is.   And the scene with the laughing furniture has to be one of the dumbest in  cinematic history.  Dead Alive is much, MUCH more gory and hilarious.
0790729628|5.0|When Blade Runner initially was released for public viewing I went and saw the film with no expectations or pre-existing understanding of what the film would offer. I was unable to concentrate and eventually left  nonplussed. A few years later I went with some friends to a midnight  screening and was dumbfounded. I realized that the film was a work of  brilliance and I could not believe that upon first viewing I was unable to  grasp that now obvious fact. One could write a full-blown treatise on the  implications of man acting as god or machine desperately trying to take the  path of man. Suffice it so say that, when replicant Roy Batty states to his  maker, Tyrell, &quot;I want more life,f**cker,' he speaks for the majority  of mankind,past and present. One can also see strands of Huck Finn in  Deckard's character as he is forced to reconsider the values of broader  society--values which suggest that the creation and virtual enslavement of  a 'race' of beings is not only reasonable but desired--values which require  that Deckard hunt them down like escaped slaves with destruction the  punishment. How about false memories as a method of emotional control  acting as a surrogate for religion. When was the last time you went to a  theatre and were entertained by top-notch special effects, a decent  detective story, political and existential theories, and the beautiful if  cantankerous Sean Young? Never. To the poster below: Replicants have been  implanted with memories which are supposed to represent real-life  experiences from a past they never actually had--as you know, personal  experiences and memories are both volatile and extremely varied in  detail--when a replicant is asked of its mother, it has only a limited  ability to respond because it had no actual mother or past experiences of  that sort and must thus rely on relatively limited resources when  answering--further, while a replicant may have been implanted with false  knowledge of a turtle, for instance, having ostensibly spent an entire  existence off planet, it is difficult to imagine that a replicant would  have supplemented false memories with any actual run-ins with a turtle,  never mind the possibility of recognizing what a tortoise might be.  Questioning a replicant about things or experiences that they have only  limited knowledge of exposes them as their responses are skewed by their  ignorance. Likewise, during the film their growth as beings with real-world  experience is marked by their improvement in the expression of emotion,  even in the subtlties of the usage of profanity. <br />Any way, aside from my  pedantic blathering, a truly fantastic film.
0792151712|3.0|While Titanic really should be seen on the big screen to fully appreciate the truly extraordinary technical achievements, there is one very big advantage to viewing the film on video: one can fast forward through the  first two hours of drivel, about as trite and stereotypical a love story as  has ever been written. It was certainly no surprise that a &quot;Best  Screenplay&quot; nomination was conspicuously absent from the picture's  record-tying 14 Academy Award nominations.  While Leonardo di Caprio is  dynamic in the lead role, his performance does have one very fatal flaw:  the film is set at the turn of the century, but everything about di  Caprio's performace - his mannerisms, his diction, the rhythm of his speech  - says &quot;1990s guy&quot;. Winslet fares better, but Billy Zane's  villain is laughable - I was surprised that he was able to refrain from  twirling his mustache while delivering his lines. Which brings us to the  technical aspects of the film, all of which - sets, costumes, lighting,  cinemtaography, sound - were exceptional.  And, of course, there is the  ship sinking during the last hour, certainly a high point in special  effects on film.
0465068359|5.0|Having lived in South Korea for 2 years, I wondered why I never saw a Honda, Toyota, Yamaha, Kawasaki, Suzuki, etc....  I once wore a jacket which had a Japanese flag (amoung others) on it and kept getting acosted by  half-frightened, angry old men.  (very frustrating when you don't speak  Korean)  But as they pointed to the flag in anger, I began to understand.   I guess there's still a lot of hate there which it's far to late to quell.   I was there when the &quot;comfort women&quot; operation was being  revealed.  Many elderly women of Korea were coming forth describing 'rape  camps'.  So it's no big news to me that this happend in China as well.   It's also not suprising that it is denied by the Japanese government.
0783228317|1.0|If there were a 0 star rating, then this film would certainly deserve it.  Not only is this the worst film of 1998, but only time will tell how near the top (if not at the very top) of the list of worst films of all time  this will rank.  This film is not bad in the sense of &quot;Plan 9 From  Outer Space&quot; bad, where at least there is a certain amount of  affectionate campiness - it is simply excrutiatingly bad.  While the effort  of trying to depict the drug culture of the late 1960s-early 1970s may be  laudable, it is an undertaking that is doomed to failure: it is impossible  to recreate this for those who never took drugs, and for those who did take  drugs, each experience was so personal and so individual that it simply  cannot be duplicated. What works well on the printed page - the chaos and  anarchy - simply falls flat on film.  And while in real life Hunter  Thompson may have gone around mumbling unintelligibly, having the main  character in a film do so throughout is a fatal mistake.  I'm sure this is  bound to become a cult classic, but then again, so is Wild Women Of Wonga.
0684867621|4.0|this was different stephen king fare. i thought it was very well written and very believable. he proves once again that real life is stranger - and much scarier - than fiction.
0684867621|1.0|I thought Storm of the Century was an aberration but this is way worse. This is a book about abolutely nothing. Nothing at all happens. Red Riding Hood is a better story and I'm truly disappointed in 'The Girl who loved  Tom Gordon'. When you compare this book to some of the masterpieces King  has written such as 'Salems Lot' and 'The Stand', you realise this was  written very quickly and maybe just to fulfill obligations.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I love this CD, and if you put it in your computer it goes into a khereokee (sp?) bar!!!
B000006OBQ|4.0|There are many good numbers here, but also weak ones, as could be expected in a live session where he was supposed to sing some purely entertaining songs. Anyway, there is so much sensitivity and good taste. The song that I  like the most is 'September Of My Years'. Some time ago I heard someone  saying that, around the mid-sixties, Sinatra sounded almost like a cello.  Listen to the sustained final note of this song, and imagine it is a cello  instead of Sinatra. Incredible and very beautiful.
0792835719|5.0|While typing away on my computer and watching one of the cable premium channels the other day, I came upon the Sci-fi classic, Forbidden Planet.  This was the first time I'd seen it from beginning to end.  I was amazed at  the great special effects, acting and overall storyline of this movie.  I  must have this for my private collection.  This movie holds up as well  today as it did more than 40 years ago.  I highly recommend this classic to  any sci-fi buff.
0385493800|5.0|A rather curious incident surrounds my reading this book.  While walking the streets of New York late on cold February night, I came across the city's 4 floor Barnes &amp; Noble.  I had no intention of buying anything,  as I was reading a novel at the time (Mr. Updike's reflection on the  acceptance of one's mortality, &quot;Rabbit at Rest&quot;), but it was so  dreadfully cold that I needed to step inside.  After relishing a very hot  cup of Starbuck's coffee in their cafe, I sat down in one of their  thoughtfully placed chairs and continued my reading of the life of Harry  Angstrom.  Having very little desire to return to the harsh weather  outside, I read in the good bookstore until I finished the novel.  Still  wishing to remain in the warmth of the Barnes &amp; Noble, I picked up a  copy of &quot;The Old Man and the Sea&quot;, and sat back down in my old  comfortable chair and read until I finished that (for those of you who have  not enjoyed Hemingway's classic, I shall write here that it is very short,  and it is possible to finish the novel in little time.)  I put the novel  back in its place and was preparing to leave when I chanced to meet my good  friend Mr. Gooden entering the store, also to escape the cold.  He  recommended to me Mr. Grisham's &quot;The Testament.&quot;  So I returned  to my old chair with this new literary delight, tossed the boy who was  sitting in my chair onto the floor, and commenced to read.  I finished just  as the store was preparing to close.  Unfortunately the novel was a  disappointment, and I feel my four hours sitting in that chair with it were  wasted.  Putting on my hat, I left the store (to the delight of all the  employees who I suppose had assumed I had taken up a permanent residence in  their literary shop) and left, with a sour look upon my face.  How good Mr.  Gooden could have recommended such a novel, I am not sure.  I advise the  readers of my article to ignore Mr. Grisham's latest work for it is a  boring, badlywritten, inferior work.
6305265666|5.0|Drew Barrymore fit the part perfectly. I read all your reviews and watched it for myself and I have to agree this was a great movie to watch.
B000002OX7|5.0|I had got this LP since it was first released on July, 71. Even now still listening to it all the times. Townshend's beautiful lyrics plus other band members best performance, the title says all for it's own; ''WHO'S  NEXT''----WHO will be doing better than this NEXT ??? I'm very sure that  none at all. My only complaint is just like many other WHO fan did, why not  included ''Pure &amp; Easy'' (Odds &amp; Sods version) on the 71 original  vinyl released.
006092988X|5.0|The book is a really good description of life in the early 20th century
B000003N7K|5.0|To those who believe that jazz is a national treasure then Johnny Hartman is one of it's most valued jewels. The voice embraces the listener, it is an instrument without a doubt. Mr.Hartman's expressions, and his technique  are flawless to the point that every time that listen you will hear  something new. Make an effort to find his recordings of other standards.  You will be glad that you made the effort.
6305291489|5.0|To begin with, 5 stars is simply not enough for this film. This film is nothing less than a treasure. the acting by Lindsay lohan is brilliant and flawless, as is the rest of the class. It is one of the funniest and   wonderful film ever made. Sit back and enjoy!A22stanley@aol.com
B000002568|5.0|Jaco is cool. Come on Come Over is tight! when i heard that, I said this guy kicks ass. The whole album rocks too. Get it It rules. But when you try to play it on an instrument, you get, OH NO!!!!!
B000001IMX|5.0|This is the stuff that spawned slayer,megadeath,anthrax,et al,only three reviews,what is this world coming to?truly innovative punk rock with a speed core edge
0060900075|5.0|&quot;The Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell&quot; has been selected for listing in &quot;Religion and Psychoactive Sacraments: An Entheogen Chrestomathy&quot; [...]
B000002IGP|5.0|&quot;Out of the Cellar&quot; ranks as the premier RATT album! Call the music what you like...Glam, L.A....whatever...Beyond everything it kicks !!  Now, let's talk about the fan from L.A.  I'd be willing to bet hard earned  cash that this person is about 16 or so years old! Metallica is a fantastic  band. But why compair them to any other band.  Each band has it's own style  and Metallica has changed theirs many time.  Look at the heat they got when  they did their first video &quot;One&quot;.  People called them posers and  sell outs.  Are they?  NO.  &quot;L.A. fan&quot;  probably dosn't remember  when that video came out.  There are very few true Metallica fans left.   Half of the kids at the last show I went to a few months ago looked liked  it was past their bedtime.  They didn't know songs like &quot;Am I  Evil?&quot;  Hey &quot;Fan&quot;... are you one of them?????  RATT was  great.. they still are!!!!!
B000003TAR|5.0|The songs pennyroyal tea and sentless aperance are my favorite songs.  and I recomend this cd.  Its heavy and the songs are made by one of the greatest bands of all time.  NIRVANA.......
B000002OX7|5.0|This album is one of the absolute best rock n roll albums ever! I was 13 years old when it came out and wore out 2 lps in 3 years. Everything is perfect, the music, singing and lyrics all rank five stars. I still listen  to it all the time. Pete is a genius!
0671045857|5.0|I was mesmerized and totally caught up in the adventure.  It was a great read!!
0380973839|5.0|It took me two tries to get this book, after the second time the full impact had hit me.  Once this book becomes understood, it can be recognized as nothing other than a masterpiece of science fiction.
6305311463|5.0|I love this movie and welcomed its arrival on DVD.  The second disc is great with it's Gag reel etc.  Also the commentaries and dolby digital 5.1 soundtrack on the main disc were really good.<br />My only reservations are   i) Why is in not anamorphic?  ii)  Where are the extra 9 minutes?  All I  could spot were a couple of scenes showing and talking about Harry's  father.  Surely this isn't it?
0140177396|5.0|I was captivated by Steinbeck's description from page one.  At first I was flooered to thing George would kill his only friend; however, I understand why he had to do it.  The end brought me to tears,   but I absolutely loved  it.
0898159156|5.0|Peter D'Amato displays his incredible knowledge of carnivorous plants in a book that is brilliantly organized. Cultivation and propagation pages are set in pastel green colors for fast and easy reference. The book is full of  detailed cultivating information, fascinating historical accounts, and  beautiful color pictures. The Savage Garden is an essential part of any  carnivorous plant enthusiasts' library.
6304539495|5.0|Set, not in Tokyo as it was in Masamune Shirow's source graphic novel, but in some futureworld Hong Kong facsimile called Newport City where genertic implants are as regular as tooth caps, Mamuro Oshii's &quot;Ghost in the  Shell&quot; is all sensory dislocation , creepy espionage and hardware  fetsihism. Mainlining the same dramatic engine as Philipi K. Dick's  &quot;Do Andorids Dream of Electric Sheep?&quot;, the cult novel that begat  &quot;Bladerunner&quot; :machineries achieving consciousness.              The derring-do can get as propulsive as heatseekers. You know Oshii's  camera always had the dexterity of a Charlie Parker solo. But here,it's  quicksilver. One chase scene through twisted kilometers of beehive  tenements and backwater shanties will unhinge your jaw. Still. Mere visual  razzle-dazzle isn't all Oshii has in mind.          The same conspirational  anxieties that crept through Oshii's last stabs at standard-bearer anime  (&quot;Patlabor&quot; and &quot;Patlabor 2&quot;) are here but spiked  with  a  deeper  existential dillema. Is the brain connected to the soul? Is evil  just a memory? Getting to the bottom isn't easy but the trip is  exhilarating. Hands-down. blue-chip renegade entertainment. After Katsuhiro  Otomo's watershed humdinger &quot;Akira&quot; , &quot;Ghost in the  Shell&quot;  is the spanking-new Holy of Holies of anime.
B000001FN3|5.0|It contains the finest mix of pop-rock, modern, new-age, and classical music.
B00000I924|5.0|I HAD THE OPPERTUNITY TO SEE THE MAN LIVE,AT THE PARAMOUNT THEATER IN OAKLAND THE LAST SHOW OF THE TOUR. WHAT A SHOW!! NON STOP GUITAR!!! $35 FOR THE TICKET A TRUE VALUE I FEEL SORRY FOR THOSE WHO WERE NOT ABLE TO SEE THE  MAN LIVE ! C-YA
B000005IZ8|5.0|Mr. Glass is a genius!  The soundtrack evokes other places, moods and emotions.  As the other customer wrote, track 6 is wonderful, and, I would add, so is track 1, which brings to my mind different ideas every time I  play it.  Mr. Glass' genius comes out especially well as you watch the film  - Mr. Glass' and Mr. Reggio's collaboration must be one of the best ever in  capturing, among other things, the beauty and joy of life lived with  dignity and in harmony with nature and tradition.
8429434852|5.0|Increiblemente creativo, divertido y a la vez profundo. Uno de los mejores escritores actuales en castellano.
0446343129|4.0|While I found it a trifle overbearing at times, I still highly recommend  this book... I cannot over-emphasize the drastic improvements to be gained,  mentally and physically, from abstaining from sugar!  After only a few  days, I feel almost self-conscious about how happy -- giddy, even -- I  feel!  It's strange to feel like this after years of mood swings and sour  moods and feeling like I had lead in my veins... now I have energy to spare  and life looks beautiful for once!
0783226063|5.0|This my favorite book and sci fi movie besides star war
