B00003W8NM|3.0|ok, i must admit that this is a good movie.  even with the blatant product placement, big hollywood actors (well 2 at least) and a seemingly unlimited budget, this was a great film.  when i first saw this movie, i was amazed with my jaw wide open, wondering how this could get so many terrible reviews!  the actors are excellent, and the amazing direction by david fincher is just that... amazing!  <br />i (like most people) saw past the fighting and violence to see the movie's underlying meaning:  our lives are so controlled by what we own, who owns things, our corporate ties, our wealth, and so on.  BUT... after seeing this movie about 6 times i wondered, what is the book like.  well after reading it i found that it is so much better than this film that i don't even like the movie much any more.  the book doesn't focus on excitement, fighting, cool camera tricks, or despicable corporate advertising!  it focused on the futility of our existence!  why we are here, how much we really know about ourselves, and so on!  the movie barely touched on these issues.  the movie was a thriller that surprised us at the end.  that was about all.  the movie really butchered many scenes, and excluded some really important plot details.  the book is also written in the most unconventional way i am aware of!<br />well, my real point is that this is really a &quot;guy movie&quot; meaning that mostly guys will enjoy the violence, and the overpowering testosterone influences, but may not be interested in any deeper meaning.  the book has much testosterone as well, but it is more important to the plot.  i recommend reading the book after seeing the movie to see what i mean.  i could be completely wrong, but this is just my opinion.  2 3/4 stars
B00005AFVR|5.0|Outstanding. Great sound production brings this CD to life. A friend raved about this album the day he bought it - so I had to get it as well... and therefore I had to write. While the songs chosen are not the norm for a Springsteen show - please keep in mind that nothing ever is normal about Bruce... thus, every show of his IS remarkable. You never know what you're going to get until you get inside the arena and the show begins. It's been years for me since seeing Bruce live... but this CD brings back all the memories and excitement. While this CD does not contain personal favorites of mine (classics in most fan's eyes) like &quot;Thunder Road&quot;, &quot;Glory Days&quot;, &quot;Brilliant Disguise&quot;, &quot;Growin' Up&quot;, or &quot;Candy's Room&quot;.... it does contain some off beat Bruce that makes this CD all the more essential... like &quot;Ramrod&quot;, &quot;Lost in the Flood&quot;, or &quot;Murder Inc&quot;.... and the last song on the disc, &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot; seems almost out of place to end the recording with. It's been a while since hearing something new &amp; exciting from Bruce &amp; his band - and this is well worth the wait. Then again, anyone who has ever since Springsteen LIVE knows the feeling. Words can't exactly describe it. Bruce lives!
B00005AAFS|4.0|At first we all thought that this whole german heavy metal thing was a joke right? I mean, come on, Du Hast? It had to be a fluke. Wrong.  Rammstein exploded onto the american metal scene with Sehnsucht.  I bought it, I loved it.  I bought Herzeleid, I loved it.  So with great anticipation, I awaited Mutter... The bands fourth CD release here in the states.  While Mutter lacks the video single like Du Hast, it still packs a punch.  The album starts out with Mein Herz Brent, a driving song complete with orchestra backup, The CD flows well, and has the trademark Rammstein chainsaw guitar solo's and bridges. Needless to say, you'll be banging your head to this cd. I would say that this cd is more melodic than Sehnsucht, rivalling Herzeleid in tone.  If you like the head bobbing double guitar assault that Rammstein gave you on their first two cd's, pick this one up.  And if you don't own any of their cd's, then maybe you should pick one up, and learn some German.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Looking for Action packed movies? Gladiator should be on your top 5 list, if not your first pick! Russel Crowe(Maximus) plays THE GENERAL WHO BECAME A SLAVE. THE SLAVE WHO BECAME A GLADIATOR. THE GLADIATOR WHO DEFIED AN EMPIRE.
6302732875|5.0|If you're looking for a smart, sharp dialogue-filled extravaganza, look no further. This film is brilliant, it's just that simple. Alec Baldwin, Al Pacino, Kevin  Spacey, Jack Lemmon, Ed Harris, and Alan Arkin, with  that cast, how can you go wrong? The majority of this film takes place in and around a real-estate office. Yet the script and dialogue are so spectacular, that  you really won't notice. Without giving the film away, it just shows the depths that some will stoop, to save their job, and the depths that companies will stoop to motivate their employees. One caution, this  film has extremely harsh language. If you're easily offended by 'foul' language, you might need to pass. There is 'foul' language a plenty in this film, but if you can get through it, you'll really witness something special in film.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I got this album one week after it came out. If I had only knew how wonderful it was, I would have been waiting outside the store before it opened, just to be the first to cop it!! I LOVE this CD!! My favorite tracks are: VIDEO, BROWN SKIN, ALWAYS IN MY HEAD, I SEE GOD IN YOU, SIMPLE, PART OF MY LIFE, WONDERFUL, and in my opinion the best song on this CD, NATURE!! You must get this CD!!! Only now will I give my SADE CD a rest!
B00005AAFS|5.0|This cd will blow you away. In my opinion it definately picks up where &quot;Sehnsucht&quot; left off. When you first put the cd in and hear &quot;Meine Herz Brennt&quot;...be ready for a cool surprise about a minute into the song! &quot;Links 2 3 4&quot; is my personal favorite on the cd, and if you like Ramms+ein, I'm sure it will rank right up there with &quot;Du Riechst So Gut,&quot; &quot;Engel,&quot; and all your other favorites. Here's another hint...if you go to Best Buy, they have an exclusive copy that has an extra disc with a hidden song and the video for &quot;Sonne.&quot; Get this CD...you'll dig the hell out of it!
6303965415|5.0|Persuasion has never been my favorite Austen novel.  It's very short, rather sketchy, and involves a heroine, Anne, with whom I have very little in common.  When I first saw this adaptation of the film, I'd just hopped across the lobby of my local theatreplex from a happy screening of the 1995 Sense and sensibility adaptation.  The opening scenes of this film apalled me.  The projectionist was probably to blame for much of this, but even if it were projected flawlessly, i don't think i could have forgiven the director for not being Ang Lee.  ;o)  The opening is dark...overcast...the camera angles are shaky.  Amanda Root's Anne is small, mousy, and meek - the complete antithesis of my beautiful, spirited Marianne Dashwood and my energetic, naive Emma Woodhouse.  Since that first viewing, my opinion of the adaptation has completely changed.  This story is remarkably satisfying if you give it a chance...much like Anne, who is a little too easy to dismiss when you're enraptured by Marianne.  It has a quiet strength and an understated elegance you'll come to love, as the scenes and those in them become brighter, steadier, and more wonderful to watch as the film progresses.
0960191038|5.0|The Minto Pyramid Principle is a powerful tool for enhancing the quality and impact of your writing. The book provides a system for both engaging the interest of your audiences and presenting your ideas to best advantage.<br />The book brings to life a series of insightful techniques for developing clear and persuasive writing, illustrated with progressively more advanced examples.  The result is a concrete framework for improving your writing.  It provides you with tools for presenting your thinking in the most logically compelling way given your reader's interest, knowledge and needs.<br />Like most other worthwhile endeavors, you get out of the Minto Pyramid Principle what you put into it.  This book is not an instant fix, Minto stresses that the techniques require practice and time to learn. But the benefits of following the principle have been well worthwhile to our business; an increase in the  impact and perceived value of our ideas, as well as a decrease in the time and effort of actually writing.<br />This is a fantastic book for business people, academics, journalist or anyone who wants to engage their audience, clearly convey their ideas and see their ideas acted upon.
B00005AFVR|5.0|...don't get.   That's the message from Bruce this time out, backed by his legendary band.  A moster box of classics, and two great new songs, including 'American Skin,' a ballad about race that earned him a boycott from the NYPD's Union leadership.<br />Oh well.  He doesn't seem to care one bit.  &quot;We need some quiet.&quot; he instructs the audience before playing the song.  This is where he gets his nickname.<br />This is a major release from Bruce and the E St. Band.  Every song is a highlight in some way, but Prove It All Night, Atlantic City, Lost in the Flood, and Born in the USA are definitive versions.
B00004YKUY|5.0|This album is a testament to great bands that overcome losing members. This album to me has all the elements of classic Journey not overproduced but just good music. Steve Augeri is in his own right a great versatile lead singer I have to disagree with the other reviewer saying his voice is &quot;thin&quot;. Hardly the case....In concert this man was absolutely powerful and comes across the same on this album. Great songs check out &quot;I'm not that way&quot; and &quot;Kiss Me Softly&quot; and tell me how this band is not as great as ever. Everyone will miss Perry but give this album and these songs the credit they deserve. Welcome back guys you have been missed and Mr. Augeri keep up the great work.
B000002UA7|5.0|Kate Bush is an ispirational, original and simply divine artist. Although this album is not by FAR the Whole story ( as people have said you need to go listen to the proper albums to know the 'whole' story), it is a fine glimpse and introduction. Offering a varied choice of her earlier works, and a wonderful new track 'Expermient IV' and a new vocal of Wuthering heights, i can see why most prefer the original but this one certainly grows on you and is appreciated when the original vocals are a bit much. Every song here is simply irreplacable, from the intense Breathing, the beautiful Man with the child in his eyes, the haunting Running up that hill, the chaotic Sat in your lap and the weird but wonderful The dreaming. There is a good choice of styles, and one thing Kate can't be accused of is having songs which sound the same as each other. Many artists find a winning formula and stick with it, but thankfully Kate seems to know that experimenting is the best formula of them all, and even if you do get a few knocks (the dreaming?!) it'll be worth it in the end (hounds of love?!) . Basically, Kate Bush rules the world and you MUST have this album in your collection!!
B000000OAA|5.0|This one reaches the majestic heights of Mozart,Tchaikovsky et al of previous centuries.It is tragic that only Killer Queen is well known to the general public of these songs.Because ther energetic  Brighton Rock,the inditement of the corrupt materialism of modern time-Flick of the Wrist (with it's beautifully psychedelic overtures),the sheer poetry of Lily of the Valley (which any struggling genius can relate to),the opera rock masterpice Lap of the Gods and the fast paced rocker Misfire should have been hits of the century. the hard rock beautiful Stone Cold Crazy was redone years later by metallica , a tribute to Queen's pioneering work in rock!<br />What I love is how one song flows into another. When the rich Tenament Funster (Roger Taylor's masterpiece) speeds up into Flick of the Wrist and then slows down again to Lilly o fhe Valley, the ends are synthesized to the beginnings of the next song in a way that only Queen could do.<br />Very Very little from the 20 th century compares to them What a pity Queen became so commercialised later and churned out so much mediocre rubbish in the 1980's Carve the names of these songs in gold!
B00001NFCY|2.0|Not bad for a blatant, blatant Stone Temple Pilots knockoff. I believe they mean well and I wish the band all the best. I just  hope Scott Stapp puts earplugs in his son's ears before he drags him onstage for Arms Wide Open. The audience would do well to put in earplugs themselves.
B00004YKUY|5.0|This CD contains all the things that we have come to love about Journey:  the rockers, the great ballads and the blues-inspired songs.  If you are a rocker- Higher Place, ballad- All The Way and also, Kiss Me Softly is great mood music!, blues-inspired- Livin' To Do is wonderfully wrought with emotion, not only from Schon's guitar, but the new lead singer Steve Augeri shows us what he's made of.<br />Don't let the fact that you may not recognize all the names on the artist list deter you from purchasing this album.  You will not be disappointed!  Check out VH1's Behind The Music and catch an upcoming concert.  I guarantee you will not regret it!<br />I'll wear this CD out!
B00004YKUY|5.0|This is the album we as fans have waited all to long for. I really don't for the life of me understand any of the negative reviews. Steve Augeri will soon make everyone forget Steve Perry. This is the best Journey album since Frontiers. From song  to song this is a masterpiece!!! I can only wish Perry the best, so long pal! Oh Yeah, if you have any doubts about the live shows, don't worry Steve Augeri is unbelievable, I have already seen them twice!!! Hold on,to your seats. Welcome Back Guys!!!!!
B000000OAN|5.0|An amazing  classic of the 20th century.<br /><br />Everyone knows the multi-layered  classic rock-opera Bohemian Rhapsody, voted over and over the number one hit of all time.<br /><br /> I think The Prophets Song ' is just as powerful.Queen guitarist. Brian May wrote this after he had a dream about the Great Flood. Many religions and cultures have stories of floods, including the Great Flood of The Bible that led to Noah's Ark.But most (not all) music stars today lack imagination.)<br /><br />Both Bohemian Rhapsody and The Prophets Song change pace and mood several times at just the right places making for a magnificent overall masterpiece.<br /><br />The  angry hard rocker 'Death on Two Legs' was dedicated to a former manager of the band. It is fantastic.  I enjoyed the nonchalant and whimsical 'Seaside Rendezvous' and the camp 'Lazing On A Sunday Afternoon'.<br /> I think '39'is a lovely story (it's about a man who go's into space for many years and does not age , but when he returns , his daughter , or granddaughter , is now an old lady). It shows why Brian May is recognized as one of the greatest guitarists of all times. Also poignant and beautiful  is the reflective<br /><br /> 'Good Company' about a man's cycle of life from infancy to old age.<br /><br />.The operatic 'Love of My Life' -is a classic rock opera piece and was redone in 1979.<br /> And the hard-rock Sweet Lady is great song about the two sides of a strained love  relationship ! The greatest tribute ever  to rock opera is The Night At The Opera.<br />It will always be a classic and testimony to one of the greatest pieces of rock ever.
B00004YKUY|5.0|I bought the Japanese import of Arrival in October of 2000 and have not stopped listening to it yet! The addition of the 2 new rockers makes this CD a perfectly balanced master piece! Steve Augeri's vocals are supberb, passionate and strong. His style fits Journey perfectly. Kiss Me Softly is a sexy, romantic ballad and really shows what he can do; With Your Love is THE wedding song, and rockers like Higher Place and Nothin' Comes Close are classic Journey energizers! Anyone who thinks Journey will suffer with the loss of Steve Perry, I dare you to take a good listen to Arrival. You will not be disappointed! This is the best work the band has done since Escape! Kudos to Steve Augeri for stepping up to the plate and hitting a home run with Arrival!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I don't see how everyone can say all this crud about a incredible cd. I mean all the lyrics are good, the bass is huge and scott has a nice deep voice. This is perhps the best cd I have heard in my life. You shouldn't be disapointed if you buy this cd. GOOD BUY.
B00003CXN4|4.0|2000 was a good year for director Steven Soderbergh. First was the entertaining &quot;Erin Brockovich&quot;, then the tense, complicated, well-acted &quot;Traffic&quot;, which was probably the best movie of last year and which won Soderbergh the Oscar for Best Director. The plot is constructed of five interlinking sets of people: a newly appointed American drug czar and his family, the Mexican drug cartel, two Tiajuana plainclothes men, a couple of U.S. wiretap specialists, and a wealthy San Diego family whose fortune is a little less than legitimate. Michael Douglas is the star, playing the drug czar who discovers that his teenage daughter (Erika Christensen) has been inhaling free base and is hooked. Don Cheadle and Luis Guzman are nicely paired as the eavesdroppers, and Steven Bauer and Catherine Zeta-Jones play the San Diego couple whose lives collapse when an informer names the husband as a leading importer=exporter of illegal drugs. Dennis Quaid,who gets over-the-title billing, is convincing in a small, unsympathetic role as their opportunistic lawyer. Ms Zeta-Jones' character is the most controversial, morphing from suburban mom to Lady Macbeth right before our eyes. But, of course, most of the attention has been focused on Benicio Del Toro as Javier Rodriguez Rodriguez, the Mexican cop whose loyalties are constantly being challenged. He deservedly won the Oscar, though in the wrong category. Because his character both opens and ends the story, and because he has (I think) more screen time than Douglas, he should have been nominated for Best Actor. Some of the movie's plot elements, particularly in the second half, don't work. The informer is obviously poisoned by a breakfast that is brought to him while his police escort is in the room. Why would they allow a stranger to serve food to a heavily-protected state witness? (The informer is played by Miguel Ferrer, the son of Jose Ferrer and Rosemary Clooney.) Also, I didn't believe the drug czar's aborted acceptance speech for a minute, and his daughter's return from the dead was too pat and painless. But the quiet conclusion, with Javier watching a baseball game, was effective, proving that Stephen Gaghan's screenplay (another Oscar) didn't need a bang-up ending to complete a forceful  story.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Arrival is unbelievable.......<br />Journey is back! - after 18 years of waiting and 2 medicore albums, Arrival gets back to the Magic of Journey.  This album has it all from hard rockers to classic rock to power ballads to Bluesy soulful tunes.  This is a must for any JOURNEY fan, and many rock fans will love this as well.  <br />Look for Journey to rock a stadium near you this summer.....
0345357116|4.0|The most amazing thing about Tolkien and the Lord of the Rings, is the amount of back ground info created and composed, which did  not make it into the stories.<br />I would recommend the Silmarillion to any one who truly enjoyed the Lord of the Rings.  The Unfinished Tales, however, may not be as accesible.  The stories are not as polished, or even near complete.  Some of the items are mere collection of notes.  All this is truly intriguing to the fan, who has read both the Lord of the Rings as well as the Silmarillion - but it may not be such a gem to anyone else.<br />The short but worthwhile stories in this book contain the stories behind Wizards (who they are, and from where they came), as well as more in depth back ground stories about various figures and peoples.<br />The book is more of a reference, and background material, compared to the Lord of the Rings and the Silmarillion - but still worth a read.
6305308659|4.0|Judging from it's rather modest box office take you probably aren't expecting much from Pleasantville, and neither was I, only to come to find it's actually a visionary masterpiece from the writer of Dave that unfortunately had it's fate lain at the doorstep of inept marketers.  They tried to pass it off as a shallow teen comedy, when anybody who recognizes the names in this jaw-dropping ensemble cast ought to know better.  Would Tobey Maguire or Reese Witherspoon stoop to the depths of their peers?  Would William H. Macy or the esquisite Joan Allen waste their phenomenal talents on a kiddie flick?  Would Jeff Daniels...  bad example.  Would the late J.T. Walsh allow from his last role to be a throwaway, made for no other reason than the sake of money?  Just in case you haven't picked up on my condescending tone, the answer to these questions is no.<br />Tobey Maguire stars as David, a 90's teenager who escapes his everyday humdrum life by living vicariously through his favorite 50's sitcom.  But when he's transported to Pleasantville he discovers that the idyllic small town life that his parents and grandparents had spoken so fondly of isn't all it's cracked up to be, beneath the surface that is.  Our black and white memories of &quot;The Greatest Generation&quot; are put to the test when he, along with his promiscuous sister (Witherspoon), spark change in their tiny world.  It's residence cast of their shackles and for the first time in their conceptually scripted lives they're allowed to experience vitality and life.<br />Gradually these emotional transitions seep through into their physical universe.  They begin changing colors, which picks at the sores of racism in a way many viewers may not want to be confronted with.  It's a metaphor that could've been lifted directly from President Kennedy's speech when he said, &quot;If we're to be judged by the color of our skin, then who among us would be content to have the color of our skin changed.&quot;  This is a profound usse of symbolism that, while it does require you to suspend your disbelief, handles it's material with the utmost respect.<br />Macy and Allen are the mild-mannered parents to these teenage trendsetters, but unbeknownst to them, their marriage is build on a lie.  A lie that says that a woman's place is in the home and that a wife is of no value expect as a domestic.  Betty (Allen) begins to question her lot in life, exploring her sexuality with a goofy soda shop owner (Daniels) who aspires to become a painter.  Together they make a nice couple, but Betty's husband is left out in the cold.<br />That's what makes this film so exceptional, there aren't any rights or wrongs, blacks or whites.  Everything is layered, and in not-so-obvious ways.  Much of the subtlety will likely to lost on the unobservant.  To you I suggest that you watch the movie again, this time with the insightful DVD commentary track by director and writer Gary Ross.  He sheds much light on what I consider to be one of the finest fantasy films ever made.<br />With a cast like this there's bound to be a heck of an acting punch to this movie, but I consider Macy's performance to be the best of the bunch, maybe even better than Fargo!  He's essentially playing &quot;the villian,&quot; the angry white male, but does it in such a way that we empathize with him.  He brings a sense of understanding to the role, he realizes that he's a victim of a changing society.  His whole life he's been brought up to believe that if he's a good and responsible man that he won't have to worry about household duties, making himself dinner, ect.<br />This is typical of every actor in this movie, putting it among my favorite of 1998.  It's a must-see that's gone unseen for far too long.
B00003CXMG|5.0|If you want to see a funny movie see this, if you want to see a drama, you may still want to see this. This is NOT the Godfather, this is a rather well-told tale of director/screenwriter Cameron Crowe's childhood. First of all let me tell you that Rolling Stone DID hire Cameron at the young age of 15. They did it and did not know that he was 15. Ask the original Ben Fong-Torres, he would tell you. The stuff about him at the age of 15 touring with a band is true, (Cameron toured with Led Zepplin at age 15) and the stuff said in it were often true (for example &quot;I am a golden God!&quot; was actually coined by the lead singer of Zepplin). The stuff about the band-aids were true. Cameron really was deflowered by a bunch of groupies. And the girl he loved? The real Penny Lane really was sold to Humble Pie. And the stuff about his mother? That was true also. Now as far as it being &quot;fluffy&quot; yes, there is a nice feel-good vibe thing in the movie. However, lets keep in mind that we are watching this movie from the eyes of a very innocent 15 yrs of age boy. HIs mother kept him so ignorant that the main character really does not understand fully what was happening. So all in all this is a great movie and funny as heck. This is not the world's latest drama, and don't expect it to be such.
B000002868|4.0|In the beginning, Weather Report was a cooperative.  Composition duties were split between the three leaders (Joe Zawinul, Wayne Shorter, Miroslav Vitous) and in performance, each of the 5 musicians was an equal participant.  This album, from 1971, is exemplary of this approach.  Though informed by Bitches Brew-era Miles Davis, the rhythms are much looser and the music is more playful.  (There's also quite a bit of 60s post-bop in &quot;Eurydice&quot; and a few of the other tunes.)  Most of the compositions are simple, relying on the sophisticated interplay of the group to generate excitement.  There's also one genuine classic, Zawinul's gorgeous &quot;Orange Lady&quot; (another less successful version is available on Miles Davis's album Big Fun).  Zawinul's keyboard set-up is limited to just electric and acoustic piano, but he produces an incredible range of sounds -- just listen to the spaced out &quot;Milky Way&quot;, which could have been an outtake from the first two or three Tangerine Dream albums.  Unlike later efforts, Wayne Shorter plays a lot of (soprano) saxophone here.  Fans of Bitches Brew and In a Silent Way should definitely pick up this classic fusion recording.
B00004YKUY|2.0|This is not a knock against Augeri,who puts on a great concert with journey.But Neal has said over and over that the problems with he and Perry was that Neal wanted to rock while Steve wanted ballads.Well,Neal had his chance.....and blew it.Nothing off ARRIVAL comes close to TRIAL BY FIRE's CASTLES BURNING as far a &quot;rocking&quot; goes.There are way too many average ballads on this album,although ALL THE WAY is a good one.It's not fair to compare any singer with Perry but I was almost sure that with Augeri in and Neal free to play how he wanted that this album was going to be great.It's good compared to todays rock bands(creed,matchbox 20 etc.)but disappointing for a journey album.
B00003CXE7|3.0|When I first saw this movie, I thought it was pretty good.  Then I saw Braveheart and realized that Gladiator didn't have one original bone in its body.  The one-liners are extremely corny, the storyline is nothing new, and there is noooo way that it deserved best picture. Despite the extent to which it was overrated, it is still a very cool movie.  Cool - no more - no less.
B000001FS6|5.0|I never get tired of listening to this album, although I am considerably less enthralled about actually watching the documentary.  &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; offers a perfect mix of new songs, inspired live versions of old songs and a couple of nice covers.  Of the new songs the four best are clearly &quot;Desire,&quot; &quot;Hawkmoon 269&quot; (with Bob Dylan on Hammond Organ), &quot;Angel of Harlem&quot; and the fabulous duet with B. B. King &quot;When Love Comes to Town.&quot;  &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; is enhanced by the presence of the New Voices of Freedom choir and soloists George Pendergrass and Dorothy Terrell, while &quot;Pride (In the Name of Love)&quot; has the crowd helping out with the chorus.  Finally, U2 covers the Beatles' &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; and Bob Dylan's &quot;All Along the Watchtower,&quot; the latter being the better of the pair.  &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; does not have the polish of most of the other U2 albums, but I can make an argument for it being their best effort.
B000001F6S|5.0|When I first purchased this album a few monthes ago, I was a bit hesitant.  But once I put it in my player I knew I had made a wise purchase.  The lyrics are a little below par, but the musical virtuosity is hard to top.  Listen to the great bass solos on &quot;I may not always be right&quot; and &quot;at the woodchopper's ball.&quot;  When you can hear Alvin Lee in the back screaming out &quot;yeah!&quot; you know these guys came to play and are no frills blues rockers. The absolute speed of guitarist Alvin Lee is incredible.  He is sorely underrated in the group of 1960's blues guitarists.  Song after song he churns out blues lick after blues lick at a pace which has to be heard to believe. The ending song-&quot;I'm going home&quot; is a bit subdued when compared to the  essential 12 min version from Woodstock a year later.  Reagardless, this album is one which you should buy if you love blues and want to hear some speedy guitar.  The performances are great and will leave you wanting more from this seminal British blues band.
B000000OUW|5.0|I've only started listening to metal for about 4 months now and I can say that out of all the bands I have heard (and thats a lot of them!) Manowar reigns supreme.  I own almost all their albums and this is by far my favorite of them all, rivaled only by Kings of Metal (one I also suggest buying.  I'm playing it while I write this review.)      Until you listen to Manowar I cant tell you how awesome they are.  I have found maybe 1 or 2 songs I dont like out of all their albums and none out of Louder than Hell.        I strongly suggest this cd or Kings of Metal if you want a taste of what Manowar is all about.        Stand and Fight!  Death to the False Ones!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movies has it all, ground breaking visual affects, great fight scenes, jarring sound, decent acting and a great story.  This is my favorite action movie of all time to date.
B00005A1PR|5.0|This woman is soooo talented. It is like fresh air when a new face or faces come on the scene that aren't confined to a genre box. India Arie, Les Nubians, Lauryn Hill, Rachelle Ferrell, Eric Benet, Moby (yes Moby)etc.etc. keep busting out of the boxes and it will encourage others to do so.
B00004YKUY|4.0|Just listen to the opening track &quot;higher place&quot; and you'll know they truly are back in fine form.  This song could be one of the best rock songs of the year, followed a close second by &quot;to be alive again&quot;. &quot;All the way&quot;, the first ballad off the album is absolutely classic.  You'll be humming along without knowing it.  Sure, it's a bit &quot;bubble gum&quot;, but who cares, it's a great song.  The moody &quot;livin to do&quot;, written as as ode to Mr. Schon's dad is truly an emotional rollercoaster in the vein of &quot;Mother/Father&quot; from the Escape album.  &quot;Signs of life&quot;, another great rock song with a great melody sounds like it should have been on &quot;Escape&quot; as well.  &quot;With your love&quot; is sure to be a standard at weddings this year and in years to come.  OK, maybe it's a bit sappy, but what a great song.  Yes, Perry is gone.  I'm a huge Perry fan, but it's time to move on and let the music speak for itself.  The new Steve handles the vocals with his own style, and yet lends himself to the &quot;classic&quot; Journey sound.  If you are trying to decide whether or not to buy this album based on Perry not being on it, don't!  If you like Journey, you'll love this album.  Personally, I would have liked to hear one or two more rock songs and less ballads, but that's one person's opinion.  Don't miss this CD or this summer's tour.  Journey is back!
B00005AAFS|5.0|i purchased this album the day it came out and i'm deeply impressed. i think that this is the best album rammstein has ever produced. mixing orchestra, hard rock and everything else that makes rammstein so great, this is THE BEST. i've been a dedicated fan for over 3 years, so i know a good rammstein album when i hear it, and this definately lives up to all my expectations and beyond. if you like, love or hate rammstein, you should get this album. it will definately change your outlook on music.
B000009QPE|5.0|OK, first let me say three words to sum up the criteria of this work of art: BEST ALBUM EVER.  This is the definitive Slayer album.  It was made the the undisputed pinnacle of their career and is the root of death, speed and thrash metal.  Sure, Show no Mercy may have some better solo's and a few better riffs, Hell Awaits might be eviler, South of Heaven might be catchier, Season's might be more diverse, Divine Intervention is just worse, keeping in mind that the song writing styles are very similar.  And Diablous is just plain bad.  But just taking in the sheer power that is produced by the deep crunching bass riffs, and ultra-speedy guitar work and rancidly fast drums will just overcome you.  Although this album takes the most getting used to of all the Slayer albums (besides Hell Awaits, in my opinion), spin it a few times in your stereo, sit down, take out the booklet if you want and listen closely.  The best songs, are well, not a single song is bad but, the best are the infamous ANGEL OF DEATH, the fastest Slayer song of 'em all NECROPHOBOIC, the God bashing song Jesus Saves, Postmortem and Raining Blood.  The re-mix of Aggressive Perfector is much better now too.  It doesn't suond like a square dancing song as it does on Haunting the Chapel. It might take about three or four times to really get into, but it's completely worth the money.
B000058983|5.0|Even though I'm in the demographic, I must confess I had never heard this album until last weekend, other than fond memories of the enigmatic &quot;Alone Again Or&quot; single.  Maybe I was turned off by the hippy-dippy song titles, I don't know.  But since I put it in the CD changer in my car, I can't stop listening to it.  It is truly the great lost 1960s masterpiece, fully equal in brilliance to Pet Sounds, Revolver, Blonde on Blonde, Notorious Byrd Brothers or Tommy. It is, truly, a trip.  Most of the album rests on the interplay of two acoustic guitars, bass and drum with orchestral sounds, notably some extremely thoughtful, subtle string arranagements, and occasional &quot;Tijuana brass.&quot;  Better than the Byrds, Buffalo Springfield or the Doors, it captures the splintered, sun-drenched, paranoid yet lush landscape of Los Angeles. The melodies take many odd turns, but remain accessible throughout. Arthur Lee is a magnificent singer.  Overall, I'm just knocked out!  This is an album everyone should have if they loved what was great about rock, folk and pop in the 1960s.
0425129616|5.0|The narrator, a military man recently wounded in battle and invalided home, runs into an old friend. This chance meeting leads to an unlikely collaboration with an eccentric detective. The crime is murder by poisoning, and in the end, the poisoner is brought to justice. No, this is not &quot;A Study in Scarlet&quot; by Arthur Conan Doyle, and the narrator and detective are not Watson and Holmes.<br />I had enjoyed several of Christie's later Poirot novels before reading &quot;Styles&quot;, and I had never suspected that Agatha Christie patterned Hercule Poirot so much after Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes. I've already noted the similarities in the plotting of Poirot's and Holmes' debut novels, but there is more. Holmes was tall, thin, bohemian, and utterly British. Poirot was short, fat, fastidious, and decidedly un-British. Holmes' examination of the crimescene in &quot;Scarlet&quot; was very similar to Poirot's in &quot;Styles&quot;, but Holmes would never have flinched at examining the contents of the dispatch box. Holmes solved his mysteries by logical deduction, Poirot by the exercise of the &quot;little grey cells&quot;. Both could get so involved in the work of detection that they cut quite comical figures. Both labored mightily to keep the detectives from Scotland Yard on the right track. Both men's confidence in their abilities bordered on arrogance, and both held their cards close to their vests before dramatically divulging the villian.<br />Holmes was always one for a pithy aphorism on detection. Poirot also: &quot;Imagination is a good servant and a bad master. The simplest explanation is always the most likely.&quot; &quot;Everything must be taken into account. If the fact will not fit the theory; let the theory go.&quot; &quot;It is always wiser to suspect everybody until you can prove logically, and to your own satisfaction, that they are innocent.&quot;<br />There are similarities, but we cannot press them too far. Differences abound. Christie writes a much more Byzantine plot that Conan Doyle ever did, and in this case she arrives at the simplest explanation in the most complex, convoluted, contrived, and circuitous route imaginable. She also likes to play tricks on the reader, so beware! I occasionally wanted to cry foul during the course of the book, but her storytelling was so delightful, and the ending so satisfactory, that I had to applaud even as I felt somewhat betrayed.a much more Byzantine plot that Conan Doyle ever did, and in this case she arrives at the simplest explanation in the most complex, convoluted, contrived, and circuitous route imaginable. She also likes to play tricks on the reader, so beware! I occasionally wanted to cry foul during the course of the book, but her storytelling was so delightful, and the ending so satisfactory, that I had to applaud even as I felt somewhat betrayed.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I've been listenin to jazz for quite some time out of my 16.75 years on this earth, and I haven't heard an album as beautiful and moving as this one by Diana Krall. This being my first experience of her on CD, I cannot imagine what she must sound like live as the songs on this CD make me feel as though I'm sittin there as if she is playin live. All I need is the smoke in the jazz bar to billow around me and I'd be there. There are some wonderfully arranged tracks on this album, &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; and &quot;I Can't Give You Anything But Love&quot; are a couple of wonderfully arranged and performed tracks (I hadn't heard another version of ...Under My Skin for a long long time, and this one is awesome). And the bonus track at the end is wonderful. This CD will definitely make me go back to my local record store to pick up her back catalogue. It's the ultimate &quot;chill-out after a hard day's work album&quot; for me, better than any dance/ambient chill-out album, to which I'm normally accustomed to listening to chill-out with. Marvelous is the only word I can use to sum up the entire album. Just magnificently marvellous.
B00005AAFS|5.0|While writing their new album &quot;Mutter&quot; (mother) the group Rammstein spent several weeks together isolated/secluded in France in the middle of nowhere with only the sounds of birds chirping to &quot;distract&quot; them. They wanted no destractions,fore they wanted to write their greatest album ever. I am happy to say that is exactly what they have done! Nearly every song on the CD with the exeption of &quot;Feuer frei&quot; could stand alone as a single, and the song &quot;Sonne&quot; (sun) is considered by many to be the greatest Rammstein song ever written. There are so many bands out there where you listen to their material and ever song more or less sounds the same. MUTTER on the other hand is beautifully diverse and has real lasting quality. If you are a fan of metal in general there are songs on here that will very much remind you of &quot;classic&quot; metal tunes, for example the chorus of the song &quot;Mutter&quot; will very much remind you of Metallica's song &quot;unforgiven&quot; and the first song &quot;Mein Herz brennt&quot; (my heart burns) will certainly appeal to Led Zeplin fans..The german language has always wondefully complimented Metal music,and of all german groups out there Rammstein is the best and MUTTER is their best effort. Any metal fan should not be without this album! Get it today!
B000050IE6|4.0|This was my first trip into the world of Opeth - I bought the CD based on recommendations read on Amazon and in magazines.  After my first listen, I didn't know what to think.  I enjoyed the complexity of the arrangements and the clean vocal sections, but felt that a lot of the death vocal parts were a bit overdone.  I dig In Flames, Death, Dark Tranquillity, Arch Enemy, etc., and I guess they all took some getting used to at first.  So the more I listened to the CD, the more I found myself humming/singing certain parts.  Now it hardly phases me as I am carried deeper into the music and story with each listen.  Other reviewers are right when they describe them as the Pink Floyd of the death metal realm with the atmosphere they create track after track.  I suggest listening to this CD on a cloudy day or at night to get the best effect - I don't know, it just seems more effective!  I now have the new 'Blackwater Park', and am pleased with how they used/recorded the death vocals to fit in the music better.  But because of 'Still Life', I will eventually get all of the Opeth releases.  Different and recommended!
B00004YKUY|5.0|After being a JRNY fan for years and still a Steve Perry fan, I think this is a great album and you won't be dissapointed, Perry was great and still is but don't let the fact that he's gone keep you from this one, Steve Augeri's voice and vocal strength is amazing, it is strong like Perry's used to be. I have seen the last 2 Journey tours with Augeri and since I liked this guy when he was with Tall Stories I knew what to expect but a lot of folks at the show there didn't know Perry wasn't with them anymore and wre a little dissapointed at first but When Steve A. opened his mouth with the first note all the naysayers jaws dropped in disbelief. Give this guy a chance and buy the greatest Journey album in a long time, oh and call the radio stations and request it.
B00004YKUY|5.0|As anyone who saw Journey in '98 or '99 on their Vacation's Over tour will tell you, Journey is alive and kicking!  You've probably seen the Behind the Music special, where the new drummer correctly related the typical fan response at one of those concerts -- eyes go wide open, mouth drops and then elation, as you realize Steve Augieri's vocals are amazing and Journey hasn't missed a step.  The band literally sounds better than ever, and their enthusiasm has translated well on their latest studio effort.  ARRIVAL is pure Journey -- you hear the classic sounds as well as some edgier rock.  No band can master different styles of music better than Neal Schon and the boys.  If you see the BTM episode or watch the DirecTV concert that aires the month of April as a Freeview special, you'll rediscover what great a band Journey remains.  The first two singles, &quot;Higher Place&quot; and &quot;All the Way&quot; are already on the radio.  HP is particulary great -- one of their best songs ever IMHO.  But there is much more great music to listen, air-guitar and sing to on Arrival.  There is so much to love about this CD -- no fillers!  My favs range from &quot;Higher Place,&quot; &quot;Signs of Life,&quot; &quot;All the Things,&quot; &quot;World Gone Wild,&quot; &quot;With your Love,&quot; &quot;Nothin' Comes Close,&quot; and &quot;We Will Meet Again.&quot;  You begin to realize I love the whole CD.  I'm hoping &quot;To Be Alive Again&quot; is released as a single as we approach the summer -- another classic summer Journey tune will be heard on beaches and at pools everywhere.  As with Bon Jovi's &quot;My Life,&quot; it screams of lovin' life, rocking out and having a blast.  Journey is truly alive again!  A must buy!
B000059R8Y|3.0|You know, I enjoyed this cd the first few times I listened to it.  I still do, but then I started thinking about how this was the same guy who put out classic tunes like layla, before you accuse me, etc. etc...then the album doesnt seem so hot.  If you like Claption you wont hate it, but you wont love it either.  But really, i dont think there has ever been a consistent clapton record since the derek and the domino days (even the great &quot;slowhand&quot; album had clunkers)  I thought the bluesy 50's style the songs were done in were a bit bizarre, but who am i to tell God what to do.   I like it, but it aint a classic by any means.
B00003IQQA|5.0|this is the version of Human Clay to get.  The &quot;extra track&quot; was a part of the Human Clay sessions that in my (not so) humble opinion is the best song they recorded.  Don't get me wrong all the songs are great, but I am seriously disappointed that the US version didn't have &quot;young grow old&quot; on it, although Creed did offer it as a downloadable track.  Anyhow I'm just ranting now, but seriously, one way or another get a hold of &quot;young grow old&quot; and see if you don't agree with me.
0743420373|4.0|If you're looking for a book that tells you how to get rich, look elsewhere.  No book can tell you that.  What this book does offer is some great advice and case studies of those who have made (and maintained) wealth.  This is not a book for dreamers who enjoy get-rich-quick type fiction.  It reminds us that wealth is made over lifetimes and sometimes generations, not over night.  It reminds us that a penny saved is a penny earned and that living above our means is a short-lived lifestyle.  It's hard work, common sense, and discipline that make wealth.  The same virtues will help you keep it.<br />What I especially liked about this book is it's dedication to families.  Being a parent, I needed advice on how much is too much and what example should I set.  This book offers advice on helping your children grow to be wealthy not simply be inheritance.  It tells us that buying a house for our kids is a great way to help them.  But, buying a house in an exclusive area will force them to &quot;keep up with the Jones'&quot; at an early age and rob them of the financial freedom the house was meant to provide.<br />The book also gives us a peek into what it would be like to be wealthy.  I always pictured myself retired ASAP.  But it seems that once you have the money, you don't think of work as a negative thing.  And millionaires are much more likely to drive Jeep Cherokee's than a Ferrari or Mercedes.<br />Give this book a read.  It will make you think in a different way.  I found it really helped me set realistic goals that I have been achieving.  I'm not a millionaire, but I will be someday.  I won't owe it to this book, but I will have used it as a reference.
B00005AAFS|5.0|This album is the most interesting albums ive have listen to. Rammstein are mixing metal with cool samples and keyboard solos.  I like this becuse they are singing in german and it sounds like the best for this kind of music. The song &quot;mutter&quot; is a calm song with very brutal gittars on the main rifs. I have fallowed this band for a wile and i have seen them change much as an musisian. The song Fuier frei is very fast gitars and rough drums, the lead singer Till is making breaking song for this kinde of music. rammstein have entered the new millenium and this was just about what this music industri needed.Buy this cd record and you want regret that, Ill tell ya.
B000002UAU|3.0|Although O.K., it's nowhere near the top of the list of the best albums of all time. While there are some good songs, fans new to the Beatles (i.e. those NOT being influenced and swept away by nostalgia for their youth) consistently find that too much of this album is weak (Little Help From My Friends, Fixing a Hole, Mr. Kite, Within You). <br />Admitedly, this album offered some breakthroughs (printed lyrics, artwork, etc.) and therefore was influential, but it doesn't even rank up there with Abbey Road; much less Dark Side of the Moon, Are You Experienced, or Pet Sounds. 3-stars.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Steve's Gone. Oh Steve Perry, I still miss you. It took me more than three days to even open the envelop of the CD. It took me six months to fully listen to this CD.<br />All The Way is the first song I listened. It became the first single for Japan and I found the Steve Augeri's voice very attractive. I Got A Reason is the second track I heard. Wow it rocks! and catchy as well. Later I found this track was co-written by Jack Blades of Night Ranger. With Your Love and Lifetime Of Dreams are quite great and candidates for the singles. Higher Place is outstanding it reminds me of Hardline's Double Eclipse, in which Neal Schon participated as guitarist and directed the whole CD in 1992. The album nicely blends melodic rock legends of 90s and 80s pop hard rock. Recommendable for anyone who has ever read my reviews.
0451191153|5.0|I have always been interested in Ayn Rand, even though I knew nothing about her.  I was recently lent this book by a friend.  I don't think I could have asked for anything more in a book.  It is thought-provoking and immensely satisfying.  The characters are real, they each have a past, a motivation, and a tremdously human personality.  The reader finds bits of himself in each one.  The author tracks their development, walks you through their lives, draws you to one conclusion after another, until ultimately you have a clear picture of each.  The most incredible thing about this story is the emotional response evoked by the people and events.  There were times I hated something so much I wanted to throw the book across the room.  There were times I actually thought I hated the book, as I vicariously experienced the torture of the characters.  To me, the success of a novel is directly linked to the amount of impact it has on the reader.  In this way, The Fountainhead is one of the most successful books I have ever read.  Ayn Rand's philosophy, Objectivism is demonstrated so convincingly throughout the story, that it becomes impossible for the reader to distinguish it from the characters involved, yet simple for the mind to grasp.  The reader is left with a knowledge of truths never before articulated, yet eerily familiar.  Through the tangled, confused, and often excruciating lives in this novel, we confront our own illusions, short-comings and most importantly, our fears, until we are left with a simple idea, one that has become so obvious in the process of reading that we'd wonder why we hadn't thought of it already, if Rand hadn't shown us why we didn't.  I can't say enough about this book.  It should be required reading for life.
B000001IPL|5.0|SMASH is THE best Offspring album, EVER! It rules so much. Nitro is a great opening track, Bad Habit is an adrenaline filled riot. Come out and Play is one of the best rock singles ever, as is Self Esteem. (that song for me, is chockful of so many memories) What Happened to You is hilarious, and every song is so brilliant and smart, and funny, and just listenable. After SMASH, Offspring kinda entered a lull period-sure, everyone loves &quot;Pretty Fly&quot;-even those damn teenyboppers, out to destroy all tasteful music. But this album will be immortal, hailed by punk rockers rockers, and casual music fans alike. SMASH is even furthered by it's Nirvana sound. Some songs sound like attempts at a Nirvana like sound, and although it doesnt', it achieves a unique sound all its own. (this is probably most noticeable on Gotta Get Away, and Come out and Play) The intro is the best intro ever (ahh....its time to relax, and you know what that means....glass of wine, your favorite easy chair....etc) SMASH for me works on so many levels for me. It's probably my first taste of true rock (before this I thought rock meant five guys with hugeass hair) and, even now, 7 years later, no album has matched its brilliance. No review could do it justice-just listen to it, and &quot;enjoy the melodies...after all, music soothes even the savage beast.&quot;
0385335482|1.0|I was hoping for a funny, well-written easy, breezy read. God, what a disappointment. This is a sub-Bridget Jones rip-off; appallingly written, dreadfully cliched and full of despicably shallow characters that no-one in their right mind would want to have anything to do with. The dialogue is stilted and hokey - does anyone really talk like this? The 'heroine' is incredibly stupid, shallow and actually quite spiteful, in a way. Perhaps, then, this book was written as an ironic nod to vaccuous morons everywhere. Alas, no:  that would have been a far better book.<br />Please, I urge you, stick to Bridget Jones - lightweight in its own way, but at least readable, funny and warm. We can identify with Bridget - with Rebecca, all we want to happen to her is have a bankruptcy judge send her down to jail for a few years - that will stop her overspending pretty quick.<br />Do yourself a favor - avoid like the plague.
630438551X|5.0|Damn this was the best movie i ever seen i can't believe it!!! i understood everything fine... i guess because i read the book in class.  I almost cried several time this movie touvhed me. i loved it so much and recoomend it to everyone! you may have to read the book before you watch this to undertsnd. basically I LOVED IT TO DEATH
B00004KD1L|5.0|Rarely has a word in a groups title been so apt.If I was given only one word to describe this c.d.,it would have to be &quot;Groove&quot;.It's a chill out album,it's a dance album-it's poppy yet never over commercial.It's disco but it's also got that funky sound.<br />  From the first few seconds of the bass riff of the first track Chicago you'll see what I mean by groove.It's nicely laidback yet also powerful enough to make the floor vibrate when turned up loud enough.The disco comes in with the Chic style guitar riff.It's a berautiful 7 minute opener.Track 2 is straight out of D.J. Shadow-so they've got good taste.Track 3 is a real chilled instrumental piece.Track 4 has a brassy,funky feel that groups like Weather Report would be proud of.Then we have two really poppy,dance songs-If Everybody Looked The Same-already hugely popular over here on t.v. adverts and also in clubs.I See You Baby is even heavier on the rythhm-strong dub bass riffs and excellent vocals-just a great dance track.The other main highlight for me is of course &quot;At The River&quot;-the song which of course made them famous.Everything about this song is simply stunning.The scratchy drum machines,the trumpet solo,the sampled vocals asking us &quot;If we're fond of sand dunes,etc&quot;.It's just a song that has to be destined for lazing on a beautiful beach while watching the sunset.<br />  This is a c.d. of amazing variety.It has tracks of every type of D.J. influenced music.List any type of music of this particular genre and it's here.What's more it's able to change styles without the c.d. ever sounding like a disjointed mish-mash.Basically this is a c.d. that caters for all tastes and one which I would have no doubts recommending to anyone.Buy It!!
B00005AAFS|4.0|this is a great rammstein album as well as just a great industrial album.very melodic, creepy, heavy, and strange.the only problem i have is that its kinda slower than the other albums
B000056VIY|3.0|&quot;J-Lo&quot; is definite proof that Miss. Lopez has matured. Her music reflects on her past-both the good and the bad. Either good or bad, she seems to turn it into a positive, up-beat song. Overall, the album is full of danceable tracks full of strong rythm, sounds and vocals. The strongest tracks are &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;, &quot;Play&quot;, &quot;I'm Real&quot;, and &quot;Ain't It Funny&quot;. These will probably be released as singles. The rest of the tracks are alright. I don't think there's a song that I consider bad.  One downfall is the explict language in this album. Its not the best album to give to young children because of the language. No need to worry yet though, Jennifer isn't going to turn into Eminem any time soon.  If your looking for an album to put you in a positive mood and make you wanna get up and dance, this is for you. If your looking for something more romantic or less in-your-face, this might not be for you.  Either way, you can't deny Jennifer Lopez's talent as a musician, song-writer and actress.
B000050XXO|5.0|Casablanca is a movie filled with top-notch actors and first rate drama.  Bogart manages to be all at once sinister and lovable, harsh and merciful.  You never know who's side he's playing on - and Rick Blaine (Bogart's character)doesn't even seem to know himself.  Ingrid bergman never looked more beautiful, and the romance between these two never seems contrived or cliche.  All the cynics out there will think I'm just following the masses, but this movie is truly an American treasure, and I'm glad part of it belongs to me.  Get this movie!  Do one better - spend an extra few dollars and pick up the collectors edition.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nevermind sold over 10 million coppies worldwide, and people are still getting this album. Everyone agrees that &quot;Smells like teen spirit&quot; is the best track on this album. I had this CD since 1994 and I still listen to it. No one I know got bored of this album, it is just amazing, it is even better than silverchair's &quot;Neon Ballroom&quot;, and Papa Roach's &quot;Infest&quot;. This album ROCKS!!!!!
0380713802|3.0|Bryson is very descriptive about his travel to Europe. He shares his opinions and thoughts (good and bad) with the reader about every place he explores. Also, he shares his view as an American observing completely different cultures. Bryson reminds that each place is different and unique and to simply enjoy your journey.  Bryson shares with the reader his hilarious experiences in these strange yet unique places. Overall, this is a very funny book which goes into detail about different cities, towns and people in Europe.
0553266306|5.0|One of the things a reviewer must bear in mind is not when he read the book but when the book was written. Day of the Jackal is a ground breaker that has since been copied countless times.<br />The book is about an assassin hired by the OAS (nowadays, they would be called French terrorists, patriots, far-right extremists etc) to kill Charles DeGaulle, president of France. The OAS was composed of French war veterans who felt betrayed by the country they had served with enormous sacrifice to their lives. When Charles DG gave up Algeria, he became the symbol OAS decided had to be struck down. Events turn out such that a foreign professional assassin had to be hired to do the job, and of course, to ensure the balance, the French police had to be tipped off.  Thus the game of cat and mouse began. As the author detailed the workings of both sides, readers are captivated and would actually root for both sides, nevermind the author did explicitly state CDG survived.<br />Of course, critical readers may find certain about of suspension of belief required. First, it was the repeated failed attempts of the OAS members to do the killing themselves that cost OAS its support. The cause of the failure was supposed to be sheer bad luck and silly oversight of the OAS, who were supposed to be experienced soldiers. They may not know much about politics, but to fail in such operations seem rather unforgivable.<br />Second, the serendipidity of the authorities getting on the right track to hunt the Jackal was also incredible.  Whereas the Jackal, codename for the assassin had relied on careful planning and relied not on luck, luck was the only thing the authorities had. The message might be that detective work is long labourious and luck only favours the prepared.<br />Third, I guess there is no way the author can short change the Jackal's effort except to make the assassination attempt fail by the sheerest bad luck.<br />Nonetheless, the structures introduced by the author to the assassination and manhunt was wonderfully captivating. This novel definitely makes true the saying the goal is the journey, not the destination.sination and manhunt was wonderfully captivating. This novel definitely makes true the saying the goal is the journey, not the destination.
B000002H33|5.0|With a long run since 'Kill 'em all', the growth of Metallica as a metal band is notorious in this album. From the complexity of 'Ride the Lighting', Metallica developed a delicate approach to human nature, exploring the crudeness of excess power and human malicity. With deep lyrics and strong feelings which you can perceive in the music, 'Master of Puppets' is a vision of a corrupted humanity and deceit with the underlying willness to survive
0446525537|4.0|After reading The Notebook, Nicholas Sparks quickly became one of my favorite authors.  His non-traditional love stories are truely uplifting to read.  To make a point, I don't even like love stories.  Sparks' books, however, are on a totally different level.<br />This book is not quite as good as The Notebook but nevertheless  more than worth reading.  If you like a good heartwarming story, I would give my highest recommendation to any of Sparks' books.
B00004R9A4|5.0|I can't begin to say how pleased I was with the remastering of Bedknobs and Broomsticks into the DVD format!  The additional footage restored into the film makes the story flow much better and clears up many of the questions left unanswered in the original version.  The bonus material including interviews with Angela Lansbury, 'making-of' sequences, and snippets on the restoration process make this a DVD a true must for the Disney collector.  I initially vowed only to buy the animated classics but I'm greatly pleased I made this an addition to my collection as well!
0385486804|5.0|I loved this book.  There are already some great reviews on this site about the book's contents, so I'll just stick to my opinion.  I bought this book and read it all in a day.  I just couldn't put it down.  It is a wonderful trip through the mind of a young boy and your own mind.  Don't miss out on this one.  Truely a classic and a true story!
B00003CXE6|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised when watching this movie.  I never really wanted to see the film but when it won best picture (over Crouching Tiger!) I became curious.  I'm sure it was visually better in the theater than on my TV but I still didn't think it was the best.  I did enjoy watching the movie.
1559409002|5.0|I had the great pleasure of seeing Carnival of Souls in its theatrical re-release in the mid-90s. Having seen it on video beforehand, I had some idea of what atmosphere the film created for the viewer. Seeing it in the theatre though was a completely spooky experience! Though the film may not be shocking or especially terrifying by today's standards, it still holds it own as an outre masterpiece of suspense.<br />A thousand THANK-YOUs to Criterion for bringing it to DVD. What a great package to have both cuts of the film, plus all the extra features (especially the extended montage of outtakes set to that bone-chilling soundtrack!) The documentary featuring the cast reunion is another bonus, as is the very interesting history of the SaltAir Resort from which Herk Harvey took his inspiration for the story.<br />The film is timeless in its use of stark black-and white, and light and dark to convey the extreme isolation felt by Candace Hilligoss' character, Mary the church organist. The soundtrack is quite eerie and used so effectively. <br />It is obvious how many &quot;horror&quot; films have been influenced by Carnival of Souls, in particular NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD by George Romero. The jerky/choppy editing style, the b/w photography, hysterical/hyperkinetic acting are all mirrored by so many present-day films. CARNIVAL is and always will be a unique piece of film-making. The excellent presentation on DVD shows it to its best advantage.<br />6 stars out of 5!!!
B00004YKUY|5.0|THE NEW JOURNEY CD IS JUST JOURNEY WITH A NEW LEAD SINGER , SINGING HIS OWN WAY , STEVE AUGERI IS A VERY TALENTED SINGER WHO BLENDS IN WITH JOURNEY MUSIC VERY WELL. THOUGH I LOVED STEVE PERRYS SINGER AND I DO WISH HIM THE BESTHOW EVER THE REAL JOURNEY MUST CONTINUE. SO LISTEN TO THE CD AND ENJOY IT BECAUSE IT IS GREAT AND JOURNEY WELL DO JUST FINE WITHOUT STEVE PERRY THANKS FOR THE TIME AND EMAIL ME IF ANYONE WANTS TO COMMENT ABOUT THIS  THANKS BRIAN     JRNYBRK@AOL.COM
B00003CX8I|5.0|This movie was a big hit! The story line was a little weak but other than that the movie was a huge success! The special effects was one of the things that were really smooth. I only wanted the movie to have more characters from the actual cartoon. This movie is worth seeing!!
0440219078|5.0|A perfect world, wow! My book is called the Giver it is by Louis Loury. The Publisher is Bantam DoubleDay Dell Publishing Group Inc. It was published in 1994. It is a must read! Jonas lives in a perfect world. He is 12 and an easy going person. In this world there is no color no joy and most of all no love. He has to bring these things upon them so he leaves the community. If you like fantasy, I am sure you will like The Giver. In the end he leaves for elsewhere. 10 to Adult would enjoy this book. Mostly a boy but it varies.
0684853523|5.0|I'm not a fan of horror.  In fact, I've only read one other book by Steven King.  But I'm glad a hardback version of this book will grace my shelves.<br />The biographical aspects of this work are of interest to those who adore King's books, are familiar with movies based on his works, or who simply live in contemporary American culture.<br />The essence of the book, however, is glimpsing King's thoughts &quot;On Writing&quot;.  The text is conversational and direct.  The topics are loosely organized, yet have a seemingly natural flow.  This is a book that some will read in one sitting, but which most of us will find it easy to pick up and put down as daily schedules demand.  (I found myself enjoying the chance to ponder the thought of a particular section between chances to acutally read more pages).<br />King does not pretend to be an all-knowing expert.  He is not preachy.  He does not use the book as a glorified advertisment for his other novels.  He simply gives you the impression that he is &quot;thinking out loud&quot; and sharing his opinion.<br />This isn't meant to replace a college degree or to even serve as a textbook (in fact, he offers references to his favorite textbooks).  But King does offer interesting insights, creative analogies, practical tips, and optimistic hope for aspiring writers.  And for dedicated readers, it is an interesting chance to examine the words and language that paint the stories that we enjoy reading.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I've only had the chance to listen through this CD once so far today, but I can tell ya, if you're a Rammstein fan, you will be pleased.  There aren't as many cold riffs (which I thought was bad at first), but really they've grown musically over the past few years.. you can feel their new emotion with the music.  There seem to be a lot more odd electronic samples used in the songs too.. and every now and then in the middle of a tune you'll be treated to some of their old hard ways.  <br />BUY THIS CD!  Or try to get the enhanced one if it exists..
B00003CXHJ|4.0|This is a really good war movie.  Yes, historically it is inaccurate but the themes of patriotism, courage and valor trascend that fact.  The DVD version has interviews with actual participants of the engagement (British navy, not American)which brings the historical aspect into proper perspective<br />Films are ALWAYS adaptations and never truly historical, always being focused through the eyes of the director, and anyone who doesn't enjoy this film just because of the historical inaccuracies fails to understand the complexities of historical perspectives, as well as the adaptability of film making.  The film teaches sacrifice and courage, lessons that can be learned without being completely accurate historically.  Suspend your need for accuracy, and watch the movie for deeper lessons to learn about war.
B00005AFVR|5.0|i was facing a major conflict before attending to buy this cd. the internet previews did'nt sound so well. yet, i waited not a second from the moment it was released. a hard-to-digest album. bruce is maybe a little less powerful, but he and all the E street band are at they're musical and tallented peak. an amazing live show, with all the material a real fan could ask for. recommended: &quot;Lost in the flood&quot; (brings tears to your eyes!), and the historical (and histerical?) &quot;Jungleland&quot;. dont think twice, BUY IT!!!
B000002LND|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS SUCH A GOOD ALBUM. I LOVE MADONNA. I WISH MADONNA COULD GO BACK TO THE 8O'S AND MAKE THIS KIND OF MUSIC. THIS ALBUM YOU CAN LISTEN TO OVER AND OVER. IT'S PROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS I HAVE IN MY CD COLLECTION. MO'S GOT IT GOING ON!
B00004XONN|5.0|I feel jaded when I consider writing a &quot;short&quot; review of this fascinating and elusive yet controversial piece of music.  First, a lot of Radiohead's fans, perhaps the majority, need to realize a hard truth about this band before passing judgment upon Kid A: Radiohead is going to reinvent themselves every time they release an album.  Don't ever expect another Bends or Pablo Honey.  I am glad that they didn't try to produce another OK Computer- it absolutely would not have been as good.     Instead, Radiohead perhaps considered releasing the &quot;Ummagumma&quot; of their career, albeit less psychadelic and more socially conscious.  It is very much in the same vein as OK Computer in its pale, hollow impressions of human technology.  Yet is a more fractured and daring portrait- the conventions of pop/alt songwriting are completely broken down.  The songs certainly run their course, but it is not a smooth ride.  Fragmented, repetitive lyrics circle around snippets of electronica.  This album is resplendent in atmosphere- &quot;In Limbo&quot; combines a difficult time signature and highly original melody to create one of the finest of their more &quot;bold&quot; pieces of work.     Some bands have tried to infuse electronica into rock as a basis of their entire sound, and failed miserably; for Radiohead it is a suave afterthought.  However, Radiohead isn't giving into current pop trend- this electronic indulgence serves more the metaphor of the album rather than 'pop sensibility' or marketability.  I love pop music, and the difficult Kid A left me confused for a while after I first bought it.  I am inclined to dislike &quot;difficult&quot; music, however Kid A is unmistakably brilliant.  Perhaps I should stop here.  For all of you kids out there who want the rockin' anthems and catchy chorus lines of The Bends, don't buy Kid A.  For the more eclectic and involved listeners, Kid A is a necessity.
B000059MEK|3.0|Not being familiar with Daft Punk's previous outing, &quot;Homework&quot;, I had no expectations for &quot;Discovery&quot; (or Disco very...get it?).  I, like many others I'm sure, have been seduced by the dancefloor joy of &quot;One More Time&quot;.  A four-on-the-floor, vocoder vocaled, disco marvel that is sublime in it's simplicity.  The rest of the album journeys through many different styles and influences from Kraftwerk to disco to 1999-era Prince to early 80's breakbeats.  It all works though, because obviously these boys have a reverence for the periods.  There are not a lot of lyrics (for those of you who prefer words with your music!) and what lyrics are here are 95% of the time sung and/or spoken through a vocoder.  But for sheer dance floor madness, it's a keeper.  It's a very energetic record (perfect &quot;getting ready to go out&quot; listening!) and very well crafted.  It can get repetitive, but that's part of the charm.  This record was not meant to save the world, it was meant to make us dance...and smile.
B00005AFVR|5.0|When Bruce Springsteen reformed the E Street Band to mount a world tour that would stretch out over the course of 1999 &amp; 2000, amid the ecstasy of it all, there were some questions surrounding the tour.  It had been twelve years since the band played a full tour together and with most of the band pushing fifty would they still have the spark and fire that made them the most cohesive and electrifying live act in music.  Well any questions that were out there were quickly erased the moment they hit the stage.  Like a fine wine, the band has gotten better with time.  They may not be able to put on the four hour marathons they once did, but they were much tighter than they had ever been, making the music crisper and more passionate.  This live set is taken from the last two shows on the final stop of the tour, Madison Square Garden, New York City and are the basis for his first televised concert performance on HBO.  As Mr. Springsteen often does, he reworks songs in concert, giving them a different edge.  &quot;Youngstown&quot; is transformed from the quiet acoustic number on The Ghost Of Tom Joad into a searing, blazing rocker marked by a buzzsaw guitar solo by Nils Lofgren which segues perfectly into another burner, &quot;Murder Incorporated&quot;.  &quot;Born In The USA&quot; is done in its original early Nebraska version with some impressive slide acoustic guitar by Mr. Springsteen.  The song takes on a starker quality and strips away any confusion about what the song is about.  &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot; finds Little Steven, Patti Scialfa, Mr. Lofgren and the Big Man, Clarence Clemons sharing the mic with Mr. Springsteen in one of the most poignant moments from the shows.  &quot;Tenth Avenue Freezeout&quot; becomes a r&amp;b soaked, sermon about the rededication and respiritualization of the band where Mr. Springsteen involves the crowd in a singalong and introduces the band members.  &quot;The River&quot; is still the somber tale of despair but Mr. Clemons sax solo cuts through it like a beacon of light.  The rest of the album is superb including rousing versions of &quot;My Love Will Not Let You Down&quot;, &quot;Out In The Street&quot;, &quot;Ramrod&quot;, &quot;Two Hearts&quot; which has great harmonization between Mr. Springsteen &amp; Little Steven,  a stirring &quot;Lost In the Flood&quot; and a powerful &quot;Atlantic City&quot;.  The album also contains two songs specifically written for the tour.  &quot;The Land Of Hope &amp; Dreams&quot; closed out most shows on the tour and in it Mr. Springsteen sings of a train that is open to everyone, saints and sinners alike, that will carry you to the promised land if you are willing to board it.  The song has a driving beat and is uplifting.  &quot;American Skin (41 Shots)&quot; is the controversial song about the police shooting of Amadou Diallo.  In it, Mr. Springsteen assumes the voice of an African-American mother who cautions her son that even doing nothing can get you killed.  The song is classic Springsteen and with it he shows that he still has his finger on the pulse of current events and his music not only entertains, but also informs and makes you think.  It's hard to believe that it's been fifteen years since the release of his first live album, the sprawling Live 1975-1985, but Live in New York City shows that Bruce Springsteen &amp; The E Street Band are still the best live act in music and probably the greatest of all time.lemons sax solo cuts through it like a beacon of light.  The rest of the album is superb including rousing versions of &quot;My Love Will Not Let You Down&quot;, &quot;Out In The Street&quot;, &quot;Ramrod&quot;, &quot;Two Hearts&quot; which has great harmonization between Mr. Springsteen &amp; Little Steven,  a stirring &quot;Lost In the Flood&quot; and a powerful &quot;Atlantic City&quot;.  The album also contains two songs specifically written for the tour.  &quot;The Land Of Hope &amp; Dreams&quot; closed out most shows on the tour and in it Mr. Springsteen sings of a train that is open to everyone, saints and sinners alike, that will carry you to the promised land if you are willing to board it.  The song has a driving beat and is uplifting.  &quot;American Skin (41 Shots)&quot; is the controversial song about the police shooting of Amadou Diallo.  In it, Mr. Springsteen assumes the voice of an African-American mother who cautions her son that even doing nothing can get you killed.  The song is classic Springsteen and with it he shows that he still has his finger on the pulse of current events and his music not only entertains, but also informs and makes you think.  It's hard to believe that it's been fifteen years since the release of his first live album, the sprawling Live 1975-1985, but Live in New York City shows that Bruce Springsteen &amp; The E Street Band are still the best live act in music and probably the greatest of all time.
B0000507R2|2.0|From the existing reviews I thought this would be a great 5.1 mix, hardly.  If you have the stereo version, don't waste your money buying this one.  If you have a &quot;Surround&quot; setting on your amp, odds are it will sound better.  The vocals are non-descript and seem to come from everywhere.  The instruments imaging in the stereo version is smeared between the speakers. VERY DISSAPOINTING...save your money!!!!!
0767903854|5.0|As Bill Bryson notes in his excellent In A Sunburned Country, Australia is a vast, mysterious place to most of the world.  Even native Australians are unaware of many of the treasures in their country.  Mr. Bryson takes us on a magical journey through the land down under, moving between major cities like Sydney &amp; Melbourne to remote Outback posts like Alice Springs.  Through it all he relays interesting stories about the country including its origins as a penal colony, its government, the incredible assortment of deadly creatures that live there, the men who first explored the dangerous Outback and other great stories too numerous to list.  We also get Mr. Bryson's personal anecdotes and stories of his trip that are always humorous and many times insightful.  Being that it takes 26 hours by plane to reach Australia, most of us probably won't get the chance to visit the country or if we ever do, we won't have the time to explore its vastness.  In lieu of personally seeing it all, Bill Bryson vividly brings the country to us through this first rate book.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I'm loving this CD!  It's right up there with Me'Shell, Jill, Erykah, Tracy.  All of the songs are outstanding; but Tracks 4 and 14 ~ Brown Skin and Beautiful ~ are my favorites.  Don't sleep on this one.
B00000JFC5|5.0|this is a good lp, yet, sadly enough, it does have the basic outline of lots of other songs.
B00004YKUY|5.0|I'm not sure what CD the first reviewer listened to, but this new Journey release ROCKS!  Although I love Steve Perry's voice, I thought he tended to write &quot;sappy&quot; love songs with no depth.  It was obvious that he was calling the shots on the past two Journey albums (Trial By Fire and Raised On Radio).  His childish attitude is further evidenced on the JOURNEY VH1 Behind The Music special.  Quote: &quot;I never really felt like I was part of the band.&quot;  Who the heck is this guy trying to kid?  He was calling ALL of the shots back in the 80's.  Anyway, back to my review.  The ballads on Arrival are awesome.  I predict &quot;All The Way&quot; will be this summers number one song on adult radio.  It has all of the things that make up a good love song.  EVERY song on Arrival belongs on this album.  There is NO filler material on this cd as with some of the past Journey albums which SP was part of (ie. Positive Touch, 1/2 of the Trial By Fire album, etc.).  However, a few songs stand out as extraordinary.  &quot;Livin' To Do&quot; is my favorite on the entire cd.  It has a bluesy feel to it much like some of the early pre-Jon Cain music.  Kudos to the label for putting this song on the cd.  It clocks in at over six minutes long and has quite a few instrumental passages on it.  The first song &quot;Higher Place&quot; rocks!  I can't wait to hear this song performed live in concert this summer.  Buy this album.  It is awesome.
B000002MG1|5.0|REM have worked wonders. AUTOMATIC FOR THE PEOPLE is quite possibly the most *consistently* brilliant album ever produced, and that's coming from a person who normally listens to electronic music and indie rock. ATFP's twelve tracks form a whole that touches the soul, moves the heart, and stimulates the mind with its wry irony and turns of phrase. Over the eight years that I have had this album, it has never gotten stale or outdated. It is singular and out of time.<br />Every track on this disc is written and performed with the same high quality, from the dark opening of &quot;Drive&quot; to the final optimism of &quot;Find the River.&quot; Songs like &quot;Monty Got a Raw Deal&quot; and &quot;Ignoreland&quot; display wonderful imagery. &quot;Nightswimming&quot; is a heartbreaking reminiscence, and it can truly bring a grown person to tears.<br />The production is remarkable in its clarity and communication. The mostly-acoustic instrumentation and clever use of strings give this album a distinctive place among REM's efforts before and since.<br />AUTOMATIC FOR THE PEOPLE is essential listening. As goofy as it sounds, I'd hope that everyone on the planet got this disc.
B0000019PA|4.0|poetic, moving. seems to betray the vulnerability inherent in most people. It reminds me of my youth...
B00004RF98|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS NOT IN WIDESCREEN AND NEVER WILL BE. YOUR SEEING IT THE WAY IT WAS MEANT TO BE SEEN. I DO NOT WANT TO HEAR ANYMORE COMPLAINTS ABOUT THAT THIS MOVIE IS NOT IN WIDESCREEN!
0679777547|2.0|When reading this book one cannot ignore the influence of two great writers: the one is Umberto Eco, whose style and Idea, as well as the way of writing surely reflect through the writing of Reverte; the other is Hermann Hesse in his Nobel Prize winning book The Glass Bead Game [Das Glasperlenspiel], a book which, I suspect, is not known to Reverte. Alas, this current book does not stand in the standard of such great Novelists. Though the plot seems to be very 'intelligent' to say the least (through citations and so forth), the end is very badly written, the whole subject of enjoyment from this book is thus questioned. I wouldn't advise reading this book if you're an intellectual.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Rammstein is great, they've only gotten better from day 1. This is sure to prove the pattern right. Reserve your copy too.
B00005AFVR|5.0|5 reasons to buy this CD, one for each star: 1.  If you saw Bruce on tour (especially at the Garden) this is a significant improvement, sonically, over available bootlegs and makes a dandy souvenir 2.  If you are a huge fan or completist, this is an accurate record, 15 years after &quot;75-85 Live,&quot; of Bruce and the Band's undiminished power 3.  &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams&quot; and &quot;American Skin,&quot; new songs to CD  4.  &quot;Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out,&quot; and &quot;If I Should Fall Behind,&quot; the two highlights of the latest tour  5.  &quot;My Love Will Not Let You Down,&quot; &quot;Lost in the Flood,&quot; and &quot;Don't Look Back,&quot; rarities still but with solid versions for us all to enjoy
B00004C8TC|4.0|Decca's \\"Legendary Performances\\" line continues to mine the impressive depths of the label's back-catalogue, re-issuing timeless gems from its archival vaults. Radu Lupu has already been featured once in this series, with a poetic rendition of the Schubert Impromptus D. 899 and D. 935 from 1983 (Decca 460975). Lupu is notoriously reclusive, with both performances and recordings often few and far between. As a result, his albums are never disappointing, always enlightening, and often brilliant. This impressive disc, initially released on LP in 1973, is no exception. Lupu brings new insight to bear on these staples of the concerto repertoire, delivering the requisite virtuosity, as well as a keen sense of the finer nuances necessary to a truly well-rounded account of these masterworks. The London Symphony under Andre Previn gives a compelling performance in the excellent acoustics of Kingsway Hall; Decca's digital remastering process vividly underscores the palpable energy of the original session. Lupu is a prodigious talent: his recordings are veritable treasures, without which any collection of piano music is unquestionably incomplete.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Rammstein had us gasping with their static, powerful drumbeats and unforgiving guitar solos in Herzeleid. With the release of Sehnsucht we saw a slightly softer, more melodic side, with more focus on the music and lead singer Till actaully singing. This album continues the evolution, plus one. Till's vocals are amazing, and weave in and out of guitar solos by Paul and Richard with Flake's more noticeable keyboard in the back while Schneider is there with his everpresent and powerful drumming. This album does less to get you ready to go and get things done than those that have come before, but it is so much more beautiful. I compare listening to this CD to listening to classical music with a stronger focus; it tears your insides apart. Great CD.
0061020680|5.0|I think this is where Pratchett really built up his writing muscle.  I think one of the best indicators of a great fiction read is when you hear your own voice when the character(s) speak.  Mort is a fun read with enough Disc mythos behind it to be a bit thoughtful as well.
B000023VR6|5.0|Yea Nigga!!! the album we been waiting for is my favroite album all the beats are tight I just mellow out when I listen to dis album go 2 ur record store and pick up dat album!!!!
B00002MZ12|5.0|I bought this CD after hearing her previous 2 albums, Jagged Little Pill, and Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie, and falling completley in love with her style and soulful performances. The unpluggeded CD definately lives up to every song Alanis has ever sang. The highlight of this album would be Princes Familiar, which is gorgeous and meaningful. You Learn was great too, and You Oughta Know, suprisingly, lost none of its flair. Other standouts are That I Would Be Good, Head Over Feet, and the whimsical Uninvited. I thought that Joining You has much more impact on SFIJ, rather than on this album. Still, just for the song Princes Familiar alone, this album is worth it.
B00005AAFS|4.0|It's been a long time since I first heard Rammstein.  I was listening to The Lost Highway soundtrack and absolutly loved their music.  It wasn't until a little while later did I buy the first album Sehnsucht, which was very shortly after I heard Engel on the Mortal Kombat Annihalation soundtrack.  I feel head over heals for the German Industrial Rock group known as Rammstein.  I became a huge fan and looked them up online to find out if more album's had been produced.  Unfortuanatly I found none.  Later in the next year their second album was released and I was more than happy to lay down the cash to buy it.  At first I was afraid the second cd wouldn't be anywhere near as grand as the first.  I was thrilled to find out my fears were incorrect.  Their second album wasn't as dark as the first, but the overall style of the music stayed the same, and the words were enchanting to listen to.<br />It's been a long time since I bought that last album.  I've waited and waited for a new cd to come out.  And it has.  Mutter is highly anticiapated by many more than just myself.  It holds the same basic style of music that Rammstein has always had.  The songs are filled with destruction and rage that would make any mosher slam into the nearest guy with glasses.  Mutter goes back to sound a lot like Sehnsucht did, dark and heavy.  There is a hint of punkish type sounds in this album.  This cd is a must even if you aren't German.  I highly suggest buying it, and to all the Rammstein fans out there, guys this is what we've been waiting for.
6305183023|3.0|What more? Better Carry - Liar Liar, Man on the Moon (check). Same idea, better visuals, better acting - Dark City (check). Better story, WYSIWWG (what you see is what we got) feeling - Brazil (check). Extremely overrated.
080017948X|5.0|This is the best day in my life! What does this clich really mean? For a lifelong time, people are looking for that kindof day. &quot;Groundhog's Day&quot; is simply a movie fantastique about the best day in one's life. Since is it a FANTASY, there is hardly a best day in one's life pappen in the real world. In the end of the movie, all Phil, Rita, and Ned said that they just spent the best day in their life, but only Phil has the idea of what that really mean for him. There are other people in that party on the &quot;last Feb 2nd&quot; thanked Phil for his help throughout the day, may they had spent the best day in their live too. But I think the camera guy just met the worst day. Anyway, maybe after the DAY you saw this wonderfully funny movie, you would say that was the best DAY in your life, wouldn't you?
B00003CXB2|5.0|when i watch this film it makes me want to just stand up and say thank god for david lean first let me start in the most eloquent way ican about this beautiful film the direction is the best i have ever seen freddie young,s cinematography is breathtaking the music is glamorus and the cast is spectacular i love this film it beat out some of my favorite movies of alltime such as2001 a spaceoddsey forrest gump and schindlers list go get this film take it from me you will not be dissapointed
0380778556|4.0|This is positively the most overwrought book I have read since &quot;No Adam in Eden&quot; by Grace Metalious. I have read some of the author's short stories in the past, but this novel blew me away, with it's bodice-bursting tale of ludicrous passions and dark deeds on the windswept Cornish coast. This book has a great deal of suspense, but if you want to laugh at the heroine's weaknesses, you'll also find plenty of mean-spirited comedy. She crumbles again and again before the hired help, terrified of what they think of her underwear and hiding behind doors when they approach. Bette Davis's character in 'Dead Ringer' never had it so bad, and she deserved it, since she was a murderess. My only complaint is I wanted a more fantastic comeuppance for Mrs. Danvers after being so memorably rotten. What a great gift from Ms. DuMaurier. Read it and your friends will get sick of hearing about it.
B000059MEK|5.0|WOW! this is some good stuff! Now before you say, &quot;but it...&quot; - Let me say that, yes, it is total cheese at times. And yes, it is heavy on the vocoder effects and disco beats, but, let me tell you, it still packs a huge enjoyable wallop!  I dare anyone not to move their respective behinds to most of the tunes on Discovery. It just won't let you stay still.<br />As always, the production is completely out of sight! Smooth one minute and quite funky the next, Discovery has few weak moments, if any. Buy it and...get down, get down, (horns) get down, get down. Ciao.
B00000BKDY|4.0|Out of Maiden's first 7 albums, all albums besides this one and Killers would get a 5-star rating for me. The reason for this is probably the fact that the album is not as heavy as the previous ones. It is also a bit too polished, which is actually not that good. The synth guitars sound good, but I think you wouldn't want to hear them from a band like Maiden. The good points, however, are the songs themselves. There are many top hits. Everyone would agree on Wasted Years. Out of the other 7 songs everyone has his/her own favorites. My favorites are Stranger In A Strange Land (very emotional and powerful, great use of the synth guitar), Deja-Vu (amazing song that makes you jump all over... requires a few listens), and Alexander the Great (the same caliber of To Tame A Land).<br />Overall its a great album which every Maiden fan MUST own.<br />If you're not a Maiden fan first get the debut album, The Number Of The Beast and 7th Son. Powerslave and Piece Of Mind are also extremly strong efforts.  Oh.. and the new one, Brave New World, is extremly good as well.<br />UP THE IRONS!
B00004YYWI|4.0|i liked this album very much.  The bonus track didn't really add much in my opinion but the album is still solid.  I think their most recent, more progressive stuff is better.
006092988X|5.0|In A Tree Grows in Brooklyn Betty Smith does a wonderful job of not only portraying people to the reader but also portraying thoughts and feelings.  The characters were very well-developed through both the dialog and the narratives.  Each action and word said by the characters seemed to fit them and make the reader understand the person a bit better, but at the same time it  makes the individuals seem more confusing and complex.  There was not a page in this book that didn't create a mental picture of the scene in my mind.  Betty Smith depicted scenes and settings just enough for me to have a picture of it, but not so much that I got bored with the tedious descriptions.  The fact that this story took place in the early 1900s made it much more appealing.  It was interesting to learn about the Nolans' lives not only in poverty but in that specific time period.  It is amazing how Francie, the main character, can overcome all the many obstacles working against her.  It shows that the parents of a child really do make all the difference in how the child turns out.  Francie's mother worked hard from the beginning to make her children's lives better than her own, and she succeeded.  This book made me glad I lived in America where one can change his or her social status after birth.  This novel proves that no one should ever give up. It illustrates that no matter where a person comes from, if they get an education and work hard enough, there is always a chance of success.  This book is probably more interesting to women, but the occasional sensitive man would enjoy it too.  Both teen-agers and adults can read this book and enjoy it to its full extent.  No matter who you are, this book can open your eyes to something new.
B00004YKUY|5.0|As a longtime Journey fan I can say that this new CD of them is a masterpiece!!  Steve Augeri did a wonderfull job and the gitarwork is superb. This CD definately Rocks!!!!! This is the birth on a new Journey era. Music changes in time and so did Journey and they done a good job with this CD. And why is Steve Augeri always compared to Steve Perry ?? They have the same first name but that's all. A true Journeyfan will agree with me on that one.This CD is not only a collectors item and a masterpiece it's filled with emotions,good lyrics,good music,superb gitarwork and it's a perfection in my opinion.And I know lots of you out there agree with me.
B000002U82|5.0|If you ask any random hardcore Pink Floyd fan what the best Floyd album is, chances are he/she will not name Dark Side of the Moon.  This is too easy a choice because it's the most popular, and the whole point of becoming a fan of Progressive music in the first place is to shun what is easily accessible to the rest of the public.  Therefore, it is much easier for Mr. Hardcore Fan to hypothesize that &quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot; or (Heaven forbid) &quot;Ummagumma&quot; is the best Floyd piece.  Yet for once, it would seem to me that the album which has sold the most copies is also the best, something which does not happen very often with other bands.  <br />Dark Side of the Moon is recorded at the perfect time in the history of the band...Roger Waters has only just taken over the role of lead songwriter.  Even on Dark Side's predecessor, &quot;Obscured by Clouds,&quot; there are some lyrics written by other band memebers--not so here.  Yet Gilmour, Wright, and Mason are still able to make enormous contributions to the music as well.  The two albums produced by the band during this stage of collaboration are &quot;Dark Side&quot; and &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; before Waters completely takes the helm on &quot;Animals.&quot;  It is no coincidence that the former two albums are Floyd's masterpieces.  <br />Each band member is given room to do exactly what he does best.  Roger Waters writes the lyrics, much of the music, plays an okay bass, and sings the lead vocals on the few occasions where it is suitable for him to do so.  David Gilmour is given room to wail (Time, Money) and jam (Any Colour You Like) and sings nearly all of the lead vocals.  However, as important as their respective contributions to Dark Side are, those of Rick Wright and Nick Mason are just as important.  Much of Pink Floyd's trademark sound comes from Wright's atmospheric keyboards, and he contributes more to songs like &quot;Great Gig in the Sky,&quot; &quot;Us &amp; Them,&quot; and &quot;AnyColour You Like&quot; than he does to songs on 'Animals' and 'The Wall' combined.  His vocals on 'Time' are great as well.  As for Mason, he is responsible for many of the 'tape effect' sounds that are an intregal part this and many other early Pink Floyd recordings.<br />In my opinion, it was when all four worked together that everything clicked.  It was this teamwork that makes Dark Side of the Moon something more than just nine songs on a disc.  It's something truly special, a recording that finished what Sgt. Pepper began.
B000056K04|5.0|This album is awesome and if you people out there don't realize that then you are all a bunch of freaking idiots.  I think you all are anyway!!!!!!  You people suck.
B000001FY9|4.0|They didn't include the full-length 7 minute version of &quot;Exodus&quot; on the this 40 minute CD. If they had it would have been perfect, but knowing it could and should have been included makes it impossible for me to give this 5 stars. That said, every song is a knockout by a true master and visionary.
B000056VIY|1.0|This was truly the most horrid CD I ever bought.  It is absolutely tasteless, not entertaining and is simply a bore to listen to.  Her voice is very annoying and one can only breath with relief when the back-singers come in.  I literally threw this one away because I truly couldn't even convince myself to make room for it in my CD collection.
B00004U8H4|1.0|Are you kidding?  I mean, this movie has to be the worst i have seen in some time, it not the worst ive ever seen. The story line had potential...so why not use it.  Acting on all parts was nothing to be desired, and the murder scenes...my cat does things that grosses me out more. The only thing that I liked about this movie is that I borrowed it before buying it and I could return it.
B00004YKUY|2.0|I don't think so. Arrival is an OK play, but Journey has never been just OK. Neal is Rock solid as always, but Arrival lacks power, and the majesty that has always made Journey music touch something inside us and make us want to fly. The songs are missing the beautiful flow we are used to, there's just no fire works on this CD. Is it because of the missing and much missed Steve Perry? I think so, but not just for his vocals. The three minds that made most of Journeys great music were Schon, Perry, and Cain. Without Perry's input the soul of the songs are in limbo. No disrespect to Mr. Augeri is intended, he sings a fine song. But Arriavl didn't give me goose bumps, didn't give me the thrill I have always known would come when I play Journey. It left me looking for the real Journey I love so much.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India.Arie is already taking the singing industry by a hurricane. Not a storm, a hurricane. With her &quot;Acoustic&quot; album, &quot;Acoustic Soul&quot;, India.Arie is now showing young ladies and teenagers how to use a Acoustic Guitar like she has. Her first single, &quot;Video&quot; wasn't just written by India.Arie, herself, she also had help from Dwayne Wiggins (from Tony Toni Tone) and then, India.Arie. India.Arie has been truly blessed with her career as a new recording artist. Now, India is getting ready for her second single, &quot;Brown Skin&quot;.  At first, I thought it was &quot;Brown Sugar&quot;, but its &quot;Brown Skin&quot;.  Though she is working sooo hard to sing, India.Arie is continuing to make her album with &quot;Acoustic Soul.&quot; And I hope &quot;Acoustic Soul&quot; will go double platinum. I guarantee it! MUCH LOVE, INDIA.ARIE. PEACE!
0440224764|2.0|I've read Grisham's Testament, Firm, Runaway Jury. This one was my fourth book by Grisham and definitely, my last. The character is annoying and empty. The plot is unrealistic. But the ENDING ruined it all. Was Eva killed? Did she run off with the money? Who could have killed her and why would she run with the money after this hard work? Terribly disappointing. I am going back to the store today and I'll get my money back.
B00003CWTI|1.0|This was perhaps the WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN!!<br />No plot.  Too long.  Characters who had to cuss and pitch fits in order to convey their &quot;feelings.&quot;  A terrible soundtrack of several 15 or 20 minute long opera type pieces that just drone on in the background.  <br />And then there's the cast sing-a-long as all of the characters whine about their self-created poor me misery.<br />And then there were the frogs??  Are you kidding me!!<br />&quot;Boogie Nights&quot; was mildly amusing at best.<br />&quot;Magnolia&quot; was an abysmal and irredeemable mess.<br />Everything was so amateurish about this film.  Especially the writing.  Even the two most seemingly interesting characters -- the cop and Tom Cruise's character -- could have been done SO much better.<br />Oh, man, this film was just something excruciating to have to sit through.  <br />A ZERO-STAR lemon-flop-dud-bomb.
B000002J1F|5.0|Behind all the Jon Anderson jokes, the derision from the critics, and perplexing lyrics is one of the best progressive rock bands ever. Fragile was the album that really concretized the band as an estimable member of the progressive elite. A few steps up from The Yes Album, Fragile has the band incorporating more complexity, and more ambition into their songs. With new recruit Rick Wakeman on keys, the band was slowly revealing the extent of their musical aspiration.<br />Not including the individually performed pieces, there are only four songs on this album. &quot;Heart of the Sunrise&quot; features a crushing rhythmic attack from Squire and Bruford, and combined with the quieter vocal passages, it makes for the most interesting song on the album. &quot;Roundabout&quot; proves that progressive rock can be catchy and fun. Squire shows incredible dexterity on the song's main bass lick, Howe's guitar simply rocks, and Wakeman's solo soars. It was the radio edit of this track that introduced a whole new legion of fans to Yes' music. They bought Fragile, liked the full version of &quot;Roundabout,&quot; and liked the rest of the album. The individual pieces are interesting, although Bruford's is over so fast I barely realize it's gone by. Squire's &quot;The Fish&quot; (which shows just how versatile the bass guitar can be) and Howe's &quot;Mood for a Day&quot; (graceful, unaccompanied classical guitar) are my favorites of these.<br />With the next album, Close To The Edge, the band's progressive enterprise would flower completely and they'd create what I think is their best album. Although CTTE's greatness overshadows Fragile (and almost anything, for that matter), Fragile holds a special place in the Yes catalogue because of its fine balance of accessible songcraft and progressive elements.
0060273224|5.0|Sabriel by Garth Nix is a fantastic fantasy novel for young adult readers and older. It is possible that this novel could be around for a while. The novel follows in the tradition of Robin McKinley's The Hero and the Crown in that it is a great fantasy novel with a female hero. The plot sounds like a pretty-regular fantasy as Sabriel has to fight the dead, but the story is totally original. Nix fabricates a new and interesting world in the Old Kingdom. The hero who fights with bells is brilliant, too. Nix has a wonderful imagination to have thought up his concepts of free magic and the world of the dead. I loved the characters, too. Moggett was fascinating to me. I also liked Touchstone and Abhorsen. Sabriel, of course, is the best character. Nix carries off her devopment into the Abhorsen well. Overall, this is a great book for fantasy lovers. People who liked &quot;The Golden Compass&quot; should read this (I liked Sabriel better). Lovers of this novel should also go back and read all of the Lloyd Alexander novels (which are better that Sabriel).
B000002J1C|5.0|With this album, Yes asserted itself as a band that would quickly become one of the most important progressive rock bands ever. The Yes Album was the first in a string of stunning progressive albums (that ended with Going for the One) that all merit deference. While The Yes Album is not as experimental as &quot;Relayer,&quot; or as epic as &quot;Close to the Edge,&quot; the songwriting, while progressive, is still accessible and engaging. The addition of guitarist Steve Howe was significant, for he became one of the band's most important songwriters. Chris Squire's bass guitar is unique in sound and use. Is it a rhythm or a lead instrument? It's both, really. At the same time, Bruford's jazzy drumming, and Anderson's catchy vocals contribute to this great disc. And while keyboardist Tony Kaye isn't the virtuoso that is Rick Wakeman, his contributions work effectively in context with these songs, which are more humble than, say, &quot;The Revealing Science of God.&quot;<br />The album has its share of classics, from the grandiose and mesmerizing &quot;Starship Trooper&quot; to the hook-soaked &quot;I've See All Good People.&quot; (Most people know the latter because Part I gets a lot of radio play...but they're missing the great jamming in Part II.) The songs are all fairly in-depth compositions but they are catchy as well. More than 30 years after this album was recorded, I can listen to these songs and they still sound fresh. It really hasn't dated at all.
B000003489|5.0|Although this album features his sheets of sound, and his millions of chord changes, it one of his most accesible. &quot;Giant Steps&quot; is almost impossible to solo over with all those changes but Coltrane does so, and makes that song a great opener. &quot;Cousin Mary&quot; is a little bit simpler that &quot;Giant Steps&quot; musically, but is still a nice tune which you will not be able to get out of your head. Other favorites of mine (every song is good though) are &quot;Spiral&quot; which you'll understand in a second into it what the title means, &quot;Syeeda's Song Flute&quot; which is a very playfull melody and it was written for his daughter. And finally &quot;Naima&quot; which is the slowest track, and it is amazing. The band plays this ballad with lots of emotion. This album is a very complex album, but it is very easy to like for those who have not heard Coltrane.
B000002UV9|5.0|Many of the Queensryche fans who loved the band for their heavy metal days despise this album, but that doesn't change the fact that one of the most listenable rock albums of the 90s. Yes, Queensryche went commercial, but they maintained their high standard of excellence that made them so distinguished when they were a brash heavy metal band. Geoff Tate sings in lower ranges this time around (making the band's music more accessible to those outside of the heavy metal crowd), and his emotional clarity and skill that made him one of the best metal singers carries over and makes him one of the best rock vocalists. The band shows tremendous versatility in crossing over to the mainstream. Chris DeGarmo, the group's principal writer, has a keen sense of balancing commercial appeal with quality. It really shows here.<br />&quot;Anybody Listening?&quot; is my favorite song here. Slow and heavy, it is an introspective examination of the loneliness and sadness that accompanies life in the spotlight. It ranks &quot;up there&quot; with my other favorite 'Ryche songs, &quot;Roads to Madness&quot; and &quot;Eyes of a Stranger.&quot; &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot; (about dream control, of all things) is the group's best-known song, and it resonates emotion with simple yet exquisite musicianship, validating the fact that a band smacked into the &quot;heavy metal&quot; genre can still write beautiful music. In fact, all the songs here evince astute emotional expression. Although I've never liked &quot;One and Only&quot;, the rest of this album is truly some of the best hard rock you'll ever hear.
B000002AGN|3.0|This album is the kind of album that gets people into jazz which is good, but that doesn't mean it is &quot;essential&quot; or a &quot;masterpiece.&quot; Dont get me wrong, &quot;Blue Rondo A'La Turk&quot;, &quot;Take Five,&quot; and &quot;Strange Meadowlark&quot; are great compostions but the performances are dull. Desmond can play a nice melody, and Brubeck and make some interesting ideas come true on the piano, but the truth is they suck at soloing. And improv is what jazz is almost all about. I fell asleep during the second half. I know the songs are in different time signatures, that doesn't make them good!...END
B000002UUX|5.0|This album is my personal favorite album from my favorite Heavy Metal band (other than Queensryche), MEGADETH. Rust In Peace marks the end of Megadeth's really heavy, hard, metal albums with the end of that kind of music's years (WHY?), the 1980's, with Rust In Peace's release at the end of the decade, 1990. I had it in my collection of Megadeth albums but never really KNEW the album until one day a few months ago when I took it out and listened to it. I enjoyed it at that first listen, but not THAT much. However, it DID intrigue me....and I started listening to it every so often, about once every two weeks. Each time I listened to it, it revealed new kinks and clicks and sounds that I never knew before and didn't discover before. The entire album was virtually unknown to me before my first REAL listen. Now, I listen to it on a regular basis and I enjoy it MORE and MORE and MORE each time I listen to it. It's an incredible, masterpiece of an album and I rank it higher and higher with each listen. Now, I rank it close to my favorite Heavy Metal album of all time, Queensryche's &quot;Rage For Order&quot;. <br />This album is an all-out thrash-fest with blazing guitars, a superb voice, and, not-to-be-outdone, incredible, superb lyrics. The lyrics deal with issues about worldwide pollution in our atmosphere, what to do when in a war, religious, or holy, wars, computer banks that rule the world (sounds a little like &quot;Rage For Order&quot;), and an overall animosity toward all of this with Dave Mustaine's superb, superb intonation of his voice and his sarcasm about all of this. His sarcasm is even shown through his lyrics with lines like, along with his magnificent voice, &quot;....I think I see the light....&quot; and total, all-out sarcasm in the song, 'Rust In Peace....Polaris' not to mention also the prelude, 'Dawn Patrol' and other songs like 'Hanger 18' and especially the first song, 'Holy Wars....The Punishment Due'. The ENTIRE ALBUM shows animosity and sarcasmto all this %@$%*@#&amp;. Dave Mustaine's voice, at least I feel, is at his ABSOLUTE BEST in this album, better than Megadeth's former and later albums. This album is an ABSOLUTE MUST-OWN to all fans of pure, thrashing, metal. Hopefully, those days will be back again, because with me, they will never leave.
B000005H7D|5.0|This is one of those albums that you can listen to through over and over again, all the way through and find new things everytime. I would place it up there with \\"Kind Of Blue\\" as one of the greatest jazz albums of all time. Even John Coltrane himself said that this was his favorite album he ever did. Each member takes solos that are jaw dropping. Of course Coltrane always did, Lee Morgan is incredibly imaginitive and smart, Curtis Fuller brings the trombone to the forefront with his solos, and Kenny Drew has lots of great moments. And the songs are incredible. \\"Blue Train\\" is a soulfull blues which has lots of great twists and turns down its 10 minute track... \\"Moment's Notice\\" is easily the best track Coltrane ever recorded of his own songs. The song is great by itself, but the solos are so good, I could sing all of them to you. And the song is 9 minutes!\\"Locomotion\\" reminds me of \\"Freddie Freeloader\\" from \\"Kind Of Blue\\". The tune is not much by itself, just a blues, but again the solos are crazy. Think of \\"Blue Train\\" speeding up. \\"I'm Old Fashioned\\" is an old show tune, and a lovely ballad. The ending with the cymbols and Paul Chambers bowing his bass is a very nice touch. And then there is \\"Lazy Bird\\" which is interesting. The meoldy is first stated by Lee Morgan alone. Usually the leader states the theme(and its a great theme)but Coltrane was always changing. Overall the best Coltrane album, and I've heard them all.
B000059POY|3.0|This 60s mockery, certainly among the most-wanted of DVD titles, is finally available in a crisp, widescreen print from Anchor Bay Entertainment.  It's a feminine -- but definitely not feminist -- take on Voltaire's &quot;Candide&quot; as imagined through the dirty-old-man mode of screenwriter Buck Henry, and based on Terry Southern's once scandalous novel of the same name.<br />Fate sends naive, voluptuous, high-schooler Candy Christian (Ewa Aulin) on a journey of sexual discovery.  Along the way, she encounters a surprising array of big name stars (Richard Burton, Walter Matthau, Marlon Brando, James Coburn, John Huston, Charles Aznavour among others), all of whom want to sample delicious, innocent Candy.<br />This uneven burlesque is sometimes sweet, shocking, embarrassing, hysterical and yes, worth a look.  From the perspective of the 21st century, it's a living time capsule that mirrors elements of the distant sexual revolution and is a glossy attempt at what low budget video porn would later exploited in far more explicit, tedious, mind-numbing detail.<br />Christian Marquand directs.  Music by Steppenwolf and The Byrds.  Whatever happened to the luscious Ewa Aulin? (Anchor Bay, Color, Widescreen, Dolby Mono, 124 minutes, rated R, 1969)
6303614493|5.0|I just love CASPER. It's a really great movie. CASPER is about a man (Bill Pullman) who studies the supernatural in search for his dead wife. He keeps moving his teenager daughter Kat (Christina Ricci) around all over the place because his job requires a lot of traveling. Kat hates all the moving because she never gets a chance to live in a particular place long enough to make any friends. When her father is asked to find the spirits who live in a haunted house in Maine, he promises Kat that this will be the last place they will move to.<br />A woman who wants Kat's father to talk to the ghosts wants him to do that because she is looking for a &quot;secret treasure&quot; that has been hidden in the house for years. Little does anyone know that this is the home of Casper the ghost and his &quot;uncles&quot;: Stinky, Fatso, and Streatch. And they are not happy that somebody is moving into their house except for Casper. Casper is excited because Kat - a girl - is moving into the house, too. So while the father and Kat are living at the mansion, the three ghosts try to make them miserable...so miserable that they'll want to move out. But Casper is trying to impress Kat so he can win her over! An excellent movie with a special appearence by teen crooner, Devon Sawa, as Casper, the real boy.<br />If you are a fan of the Supernatural and of comedy movies, than this movie is for you!!
0812551508|5.0|...after all, it was written a long time ago.  But may I remind the reader that Mary Shelley has made an incredible leap into the future of science to bring her audience what may have been (at the time) a procedure for bringing dead tissue to life.  It may seem fantastic, but Shelley's creative talents have intrigued readers for decades.  The most ingenius aspect of the novel is not in its style, but the ideology.  Shelley has injected her tale of horror with a dose of social commentary that holds true throughout the ages, teaching a valuable lesson about judgment of character.  Especially poignant today, Shelley has also given an eerily foreshadowed warning to us about the possible dangers in genetic engineering.
630341964X|5.0|RICHIE RICH is a very good movie, despite the low-box office sales. It's a great movie for both kids and parents to enjoy, though typically, kids would probably enjoy this more. Child-star (at the time this film was made) Macaulay Culkin plays Richie Rich, the son of the wealthiest man in the world. Since Richie is so wealthy, everybody thinks he has everything. But one thing he doesn't have is real friends. It's a comedy with lots of laughs and excitement. A perfect family film for a restful evening. Go and see it today!
B00004XONN|5.0|This is a lot diiferent from anything Radiohead has ever done.  Its like Elvis Presly doing what he did then on hos next album he did gangster rap.  That is how different this album is.  It starts off with Tom Yorke coming out of no where in Everything In Its Right Place.  Then comes the track Kid A which sounds like a lolaby and then The National Anthem comes on.  That sounds like a more Radiohead sound with a low guitar rift the whole song and then for no reason at all at the end of the song an orcastra comes in, it was brilant.  The whole album after that song is very well done until the song Idioteque.  It is the best song on the whole cd and one of the best songs I ever heard before in my life.  This whole cd is awesome and you need to buy it now.
B00000IPAX|2.0|This is much less of a punk album then it is a power-pop song compilation.  Their gutiars aren't that fast, and the lyrics might as well be from a Weird Al boy boy band parody.  The truth is, MTV became too tempting to resist for Blink, so they refined their sound, gave it poppy hooks, and the result is a fairly catchy and all too sugary sweet album.  Dude Ranch was no masterpiece, but it earned my respect for it's much raunchier humor and Punk guitar jams.  They were still punk-pop, but dang good punk-pop, sort of like Green Day on speed.  &quot;Enema&quot; is obviously targeted at the MTV fanbase, and as a result, they got trendy real fast.  That is not punk.  Punk is loud, fast, and free-willed.  &quot;Enema&quot; is loud...and nothing else.  If you like their lame lyrics about girls and romantic triangles, the Descendents, who pioneered everything that Blink would be 80s, are much better.  They're funny, and they really rock, unlike this lame Boy Band with gutiars.
B000056NX5|5.0|Yes, I am one of those people who CANNOT watch or listen to Jesus Christ Superstar without singing along in a loud voice much to the annoyance of my wife.  I have been a fan of the piece for years.  When a friend pointed this DVD out, I was suprised as I hadn't heard about a new version of JCS and I thought this was just a quick &quot;cheapie&quot; rehashing of the show to cash in on the upcoming easter season.<br />Being a fan, I bought it anyway.  This production completely blew me away.  It is a fabulous update of the show -- not only in terms of costume and staging, but also in terms of interpretation.  The focus on telling a story is much stronger in this than in any other version I have seen (and I've seen many).  Astoundingly, while it is clear the music takes second place to the *acting* in this version, the music is not second rate by any means.  Basically, we have tremendous acting on the part of Jesus and Judas -- brilliantly highlighting the attitudes of each towards Jesus' &quot;superstar&quot; status -- coupled with fantastic singing and a fabulously orchestrated score.<br />On my fancy dolby digital home theater system, it sounded great (though I had to push the volume to a high level to get a good balance between the vocals and orchestration).  This delighted me since I remain underwhelmed by the dynamic range of the music track on the Norman Jewison movie DVD.  Overall, a MUST buy for any fan of the show.  There is also a great &quot;making-of&quot; featurette on the DVD that is interesting and insightful.
052594527X|2.0|Though not a complete waste of time, this book was definitely more hype than substance.  I felt the novel lacked any real constructive qualities.  The narration was lacking, though the story was definitely interesting.  I wish the narration had been executed with a more interesting and informative style. The characters, including the main character seem unrealistic.  The book is interesting if only for the basic plot.  Apart from that, the quality of the text is poor. <br />It is too bad the author didn't spend as much time on her novel as the Vermeer did on his portrait.
B00005AFVR|5.0|The songs are amazing, the performances are among the best E Street live I've heard, the selection is exceptional although I would have included &quot;Point Blank,&quot; &quot;Meeting Across the River&quot; and &quot;Racing in the Street,&quot; which were all terrific on this Tour. (So was Rosalita in NJ!!)  The Band sounds vital if not as urgent as it has in the past, and Springsteen's voice seems to have improved with age (although I've always loved his voice).  This is a must-have set for aficionados.
B000002WYT|4.0|I am not your average DMB fan.  I dont go out and buy every new album they put out.  And I do not think they are the best band ever and that every thing they do is good/great.  Most girls and some guys for that matter, that are into DMB think that their heroes can do no wrong and that every album is great.  <br />I am a very critical fan of DMB and other great bands such as Phish, the Dead, and so on.  And I would have to say that &quot;Crash&quot; is the best DMB studio album.  I only gave it four stars b/c of the songs &quot;Crash&quot; and &quot;Say Goodbye&quot;, which are sappy songs that were basically written to make silly little teenage girls scream.  The rest of the album is excellent though.  Tracks such as &quot;Too Much&quot;, &quot;LIOG&quot;, &quot;41&quot;, &quot;Drive In Drive Out&quot; and &quot;Let you Down&quot; make this one of my favorite albums, especially during a sunny summer day cruise.  I notice alot of people writing reviews for this album since &quot;Everyday&quot; was released.  If you are just getting into DMB, this is the first album you should buy, then Live @ Red Rocks.  And you should never waste your money on &quot;Everyday&quot;, the biggest mistake DMB ever made.  Ludes.
0425170349|5.0|I will keep this short and get the point acrosse.  THIS IS A GREAT BOOK.  Once you start reading you can stop.  There is great action from the first to the last page.  I definately reccomend buying this book.
B00003CXMG|5.0|because when I saw it in the theater, it was almost impossible to keep from singing out loud along with the film - specifically during &quot;Every Picture Tells a Story,&quot; &quot;One Way Out&quot; and &quot;Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters.&quot; Now that I have it at home, I can sing as loud as I want (and my wife can leave the room if she doesn't like it!).<br />I don't buy many DVD's - for some reason, I don't have the urge to own many movies, so the few I do own are those that I consider to be my ultimate classics - and this movie easily made the cut. Well worth purchasing, and now let's hope that Crowe issues a Vol. 2 of the soundtrack.
0783225903|5.0|What a film,the incredible story,acting,filming,directing and so on,it was just mind blowing, as you can tell I love Terry gilliam's films although not yet a gilliam feak I'm gitting their, but back to Brazil, it is strage and wonderful movie that was so intreging that  the last half hour of the movie I was amazed at how I couldn't tell if he was dreaming or not.And the last seen I'm not going to give it away but I well say that it is an exordinary moment!just a great film!
B00005ARDC|2.0|Black Rebel Motorcycle Club's resemblance to the now defunct  band, The Call, reaches crisis proportions in this their first release.  This is not to say that it's a terrible thing to be compared to the Call, especially since the father of the bass player for B.R.M.C. is none other than Michael Been, singer and bassist of the Call. And clearly they do not sound like the Call.  To my ear, they sound more like watered-down Jesus and Mary Chain.  But the production of this debut record is clearly Been-inspired, if not Been-orchestrated.  Many of the lyrics on the album harken back to the religious, Christian images presented on the Call's records.  Labored melodies wandering aimlessly through strained, moralizing lyrics.  The production is too heavy-handed, with assorted studio tricks.  But the album's main weakness is the tunes themselves.  They all sound contrived and heartless to me.  To sum it up: too much affect, too little effect.
B00005AAFS|4.0|Like many Americans, I've been a fan of Rammstein since &quot;Du Hast&quot; hit the radio. This group has an immense amount of talent, and that's as obvious on MUTTER as it was on SEHNSUCHT and HERZELEID.<br />If I had to describe Rammstein's 'sound' to someone else, I'd call it heavy metal with a kind of dark Opera quality. Melodic and head-banging at the same time. All of the songs possess a similar base of fast drumming and guitar riffs, with a layer over that of something innovative, making each track unique. This is a band that definitely knows what it's doing.<br />Standout tracks: 1. Mein Herz brennt, 3. Sonne (similar to &quot;Du Hast&quot; on SEHNSUCHT), 6. Mutter (similar to &quot;Seemann&quot; on HERZELEID), and 7. Spieluhr.<br />I'm giving MUTTER a solid 4 out of 5. Definitely a must buy for fans of Rammstein's previous work. There's no misstep here. If you're new to this band, and are into a track like &quot;Sonne&quot;, you will not be disappointed with this cd.<br />But if you're still not sure where to start with Rammstein, I'd have to recommend you check out LIVE AUS BERLIN. You get all the hits, the energy of their live performances, the chanting fans, and once you listen to that I'm sure you'll want to check out their latest accomplishment: MUTTER. <br />Thanks for your time, hope this was helpful!
0375404414|4.0|Fairly good story.  A little formulaic, but it was nice to see that Follett making almost all of the characters believable, with even the criminals having quite &quot;rational&quot; (if in some cases sociopathic) reasons for their actions.<br />One complaint in this regard was the head of the local FBI office, whose antagonism seemed excessive.<br />The production quality of this on unabridged tape was excellent, which is why I gave it a fourth star.  The reader was very good, the breaks at the end of a cassette came at sensible pauses in the story, and the pauses between chapters weren't so long that I fast-forwarded, thinking I'd reached the end of the tape (as has happened to me with some other audiotapes).<br />The reader did very well with the different voices, without being confusing or sounding foolish.  The only difficulty was with the somewhat frequent mental asides that characters had -- it took a moment to realize whether the character had said the thought aloud.<br />Unabridged, this ran a bit long.  I think this is the fault of Follett...
B00004YKUY|5.0|I admit I was skeptical when Journey reformed with a new lead vocalist and drummer. After seeing them twice in concert and playing the new album non-stop, I can safely say the band sounds as good as ever. Augeri is a great singer, period. Yes, he sounds alot like Steve Perry, but that's good. The bands sound hasn't radically changed. The whole album is strong, with no weak tracks, and that's saying alot with 15 songs on it. &quot;Higher Place&quot; and &quot;To Be Alive Again&quot; are as good and rock as hard as anything the band has ever done. Trust me. There are few bands with this kind of power, both vocally and musically. It's great to see the return of a band so many of us have grown up listening to. It's hard to replace a great singer and still put out a quality product and remain true to the fans. Journey has done that.
B00003CXE6|3.0|Gladiator was good in its acting, but short in too many areas.  Historically this film was maybe 2 Stars at best.  As far as the special effects, this film was again 2 Stars.  You could see how poorly the appearance of the Coliseum looked.  &quot;Fake&quot; hits it on the head.  The story was totally predictable, especially the ending...All in all, its worth viewing once....
B000002A3T|5.0|yeah, i keep hearing how terrible pink floyd is without roger waters, but give me a break.  he's not going to come back, so get over it and enjoy.  no, this isn't the trippy kind of music they used to do, but it's still a really good CD, and one of my favorites.  &quot;Coming Back To Life&quot;, &quot;Lost For Words&quot; and &quot;High Hopes&quot; are great songs.  don't go into this expecting the concept albums they used to do, just listen to it for what it is: a great CD.
B000002AGN|5.0|This is it.<br />If you only have the most peripheral sense of what jazz is, this is the only album you should own.<br />Not just Brubeck, but jazz as an art is judged, benchmarked, and reviewed against this ablum - and why not?<br />These flawless studio cuts of &quot;Strange Meadowlark,&quot; Blue Rondo A La Turk,&quot; and &quot;Take Five&quot; are among the most recognizable cuts in the history of recorded music, and there is a reason for it - they are fabulous.<br />Is &quot;Take Five&quot; about the coolest, birth of modern jazz slickest, tune ever?  Probably.<br />I have little understanding of the remarkable and unconvetional time signitures explored here, though they are known to be ground breaking.  I only recognize this as one of the coolest collections of jazz tunes ever.  Not beautiful, not emotional, but: cool.
B00000IP2L|5.0|I am truly amazed. It seems some people don't know a good album when they hear one. Yes it is heavy, yes Zakk employs a lot of distortion, but the wall of sound it generates is mind blowing. This album needs to be played at full volume. If your stereo can't handle it buy a new one. We all know Zakk can play the guitar, but he also astounds on piano and vocals. If you prefer Ozzy's work to this I'll eat my shorts. I love Ozzy but this is the next level. Pure inspiration, Zakk has taken his place at the top of my charts yet again.
B00005AFVR|4.0|After decades of no live releases of single Bruce performances, this is the closest official release to capture the feel of a Bruce show.  My only criticism is the sloppy editing of Disc 2 where simply leaving the audience applause between tracks would make both disc flow as a single concert. I'm surprise Bruce &amp; his production team didn't notice this on playback, since they are known to be perfectionists.  Also, what's up with the sloppy track listing?  They left off &quot;Born to Run&quot;, which from a marketing standpoint is less effective.  They had over a year to prepare this CD &amp; I'm surprised it's less than perfect.  However, since it's Bruce, it's still great, although a few little tweaks would have made it perfect.  Maybe they should release a version 2.0 &amp; make some more money!
6300215512|5.0|rated as one of the 25 most prominent US movies of all time, this is most certainly a top 5! Sunset Boulevard is not simply a movie with a razor sharp script and acting that classes next to citizen kane, gone with the wind, and all about eve, but it is a triumph for screen goddess, gloria swanson.  it is sad, on her arrival to her &quot;kingdom&quot; that it is her off screen return as well. Swanson is the character, her call DE Mille &quot;chief&quot; as she used when neither voice could be heard, it makes you think of her earlier triumphs, quenn kelly especially. on oscar night this was head to head with classic all about eve, that triumphing in the best picture and supporting actor. best actress went to judy holliday, shockingly out doing swanson in her flawless portrayl of her own life. the final &quot;staircase&quot; scene is one to be remembered, the music swelling and her butler/ex-husband on looking as she is soon to be jailed is in line with garbo in queen christina and the &quot;as God is my witness&quot; is gone with the wind. this movie cannot be catigorised, it is a classic of all generes and a triumph over any &quot;Movie&quot;
B00003CXN4|5.0|This film is absolutely amazing... the cinematography, the script, just about everything. Its refreshing to see such a beautiful movie from Hollywood.  An absolute must see!
B00005AFVR|5.0|Live in NYC is a great CD and just another reminder of why Bruce has been so good and popular for so long.  It's because his music and lyrics were writtin for a reason.  The sound and the soul is very powerfull.  American Skin is an incredible song with a unusual arrangment for Bruce.  The lyrics are down write scary, it this song dosent make you think about purpose, reality and the fragil state of life nothing will.  It is a masterpiece.  Overall the CD is great very telling of the shows and the band sounds great.  American Skin, though, has me yearning for a new CD from The Man and The Band. I'll be waiting.
0446677450|4.0|Discussing money and wealth can be as sensitive an issue for some people as discussing their sex life. The author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad can appeal to many people for whom the subject of investing and earning is very hard to think about.<br />The author describes the difference in attitude and outcome for his &quot;poor&quot; real dad, a professor, and his rich dad, a neighbor who had a gift for investing in real estate and making good business decisions. Many people feel nervous about investing, if not downright scared. Kiyosaki contrasts the two dads in a way that can make even the investing-shy take notice. Also, not everyone grows up in a family where investing is a skill that is talked about or practiced.<br />But now, since 401K's, IRA's and self-directed pensions are the norm, everyone has to become self-reliant to some degree to plan for their future. The days of company pensions and living on social security checks is long gone.<br />I had a friend who was very uneasy about any investing. He read this book and it was a complete eye-opener for him. He felt a real kinship with the author and was able to understand the principles being discussed. This is a &quot;people&quot; oriented investment book. If you know someone who is shy about money issues, I recommend it as a good way to discuss how to plan for the future. It's especially good in times of downturns in economy when a good attitude ad knowledge of fundamentals can help you through uncertain times.
B00005AAFS|5.0|The new album is great. After listening to the first minute of the CD I paused to call my little brother (who turned me on to Ramms+ein) to tell him it was Awesome. I'm still soaking it up, but my first favorites are track 10 and track 4.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee only wrote one novel, To Kill A Mockingbird. I think she only wrote one book because it was perfect.<br />This is a story set the South of the Depression era. It's a story about injustice and prejudice and one man's attempt to stand up and do what is right. It is also about growing up and losing childhood innocence, about terror and about mis-judging all kinds of people.<br />The theme of intolerance and fear plays itself out on many stages in this book, from the frightening character Boo Radley who is a strange recluse and a fairy-tale monster to the town's children, the black man Tom Robinson unjustly accused of raping a white woman, to the white-trash Ewells and Mayella Ewell herself, the supposed victim.<br />All the horrors you usually hear about on daytime television are in this book, however their portrayal and the revelations are not shock TV but lessons about human weakness and human nobility.<br />It's a great novel, written in such style that you can smell the dust, feel the humid heat and experience life in a small Southern town in the '30's. Just as an interesting bit of trivia, the character Dill, childhood friend of Scout and Jem, was in real life Truman Capote, a childhood friend of Harper Lee.
B0000560RV|5.0|.... I was moved the most by &quot;Staralfur&quot;. It's the most beuatiful thing I have ever heard. The songs are wonderful, and there is beautiful instrumental work shining throughout the recording. It's been a while since a band sounded like they channeled tears raining  down from heaven in their music. So get up and buy this, Sigur Ros is the first great band of the millenium.
B00004YKUY|5.0|I saw Journey in June of 99, if you close your eyes, you can't tell the difference between Steve Perry and Steve Augeri.  Steve Augeri has a wonderful voice.  Going thorugh a breakup recently, I love the song &quot;Signs Of Life&quot;.  Thank you Journey, great to see you back, don't ever leave.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Anyone who has ever heard Buddha, Cheshire Cat, or Dude Ranch, before Blink 182 became famous, knows that Enema is a punk letdown. Great songs like Wasting My Time, M+M's, Dammit,are replaced by stuff like All The Small Things. It's not bad to get more fans, but when these new fans are 5 year-olds and girls that think Blink is 'cute', have they really succeeded all that much?. I mean, com'on, MTV turned the band around from being a snotty punk band into a snotty poppy/punkish band. Fame does not always mean progress, especially when it means letting down your group of core fans that didn't care about fame, looks, and appealing to everyone so that stuff actually gets radio friendly. Look at Good Charlotte and SR-71; now famous bands (thanks to MTV), but just more punk posers that look more like boy bands than rock bands. When you start hearing What's My Age Again? on a pop radio station, there's bound to be problems. Granted, the CD isn't all that bad, but it sure is a change from the norm. When Scott Raynor was still Blink's drummer, these guys were kickin' and could rock, and rock they did. When I heard The Enema Strikes Back though, I was disturbed to find that all the chearing from the crowd seemed like girly pre-teens. Again, more fans, but not what you'd expect, even if the live rendition of Dammit was awesome. Going Away to College is not a bad song, nor is What's My Age Again?, but they are more pop than punk. The Party Song, while being the fastest on the disk and having funny lyrics, still doesn't have much substance to it. Everyone hails Adam's Song as being the most serious song of Blink 182, which it is, and it's not bad, but if you think the band matured at all with this song at all, haha, think again. Blink 128 doesn't have to grow up at all, but I hope their next effort returns to their roots of a power punk band that plays for the fans and not MTV. If you want to get into Blink 182 without actually hearing their punk side, get this CD, like many of today's MTV lovin' youth have; you'll go nuts over it. But if you want to hear Blink 182's best, get their earlier stuff, with Scott Raynor, and hear what led up to the CD that brought about Blink's fame. They have the fame, they might have the money, but now it's time to take a break from that all and get down to music making better music. Since this is basically Blink's latest studio recording, tide over your appetite for punk with some The Starting Line, TAking Back Sunday, or Thursday, and hear what some awesome bands that don't get on MTV or pop radio sound like. Then ask yourself, is this CD Blink 182's best?
B00005AAFS|5.0|<br />First we got Link 2 3 4 for download. Then the Sonne single, doing very well here in the Netherlands. Then the MP3's on Napster started to spread. but now, we finally have the CD. And it was worth the wait. <br />The CD starts with some strings and Till's creapy voice. Then the 45 minutes of fantastic music starts, taking you from sound and heavy Rammstein rock (Ich Will, Zwitter, Rein Raus) to their very well done ballads (Mutter, Nebel). <br />The lyrics are less 'shocking' as on the previous two albums, but this is just another evolvement of the band. However, Rein Raus has some very nice Rammstein lyrics. For all non-german speaking persons, try to find a translation out there :) <br />I've listened to the album for about 10 times since I bought it on Monday, and I just can't keep it out of my mind. Great job boys, keep on going!
B000002AVF|5.0|I know it's a little weird reviewing an album which was released nearly 6 years ago but I think it's time I should tell the world one big secret, this is a fabulous CD. In fact, I strongly believe this is the best CD Mariah has ever released (#1's doesn't count because it's a compilation of all her best hits) followed very closely by MUSIC BOX.  Beside the brilliant &quot;Fantasy&quot;, there was also the heartfelt duet&quot;One Sweet Day&quot; with Boyz II Men. An excellent cover of the old Foreigners track &quot;Open Arms&quot;, a sweet and smooth ballad. Then there's her 3rd #1 hit from this album &quot;Always Be My Baby&quot; which is so much sweeter than &quot;Honey&quot;. &quot;Forever&quot; is such a lovely little song about reminiscing about the past when you are old. And I am guessing that &quot;Looking In&quot; is a song Mariah wrote based upon personal experience because when you pay close attention to the lyrics, she seems like she is reflecting upon her past when she was growing up and was always unable to be herself. Overall, this is in deed Mariah's best album without overdoing herself, without the long guest lists and of course, minus the &quot;I'm selling myself more than my music&quot; CD covers. I truly believe that Mariah is an extremely talented and gifted singer but selling yourself has nothing to do with your music.
B000056VIY|4.0|J.Lo is a great album with great hooks, and exceptional vocals which will bring a new generation under her wing. How many actress turned singers are able to make it as far as Jennifer has? Not too many. With Jennifer's sophmore album, her use of inspirations from many of the artists she has admired in the past and future, really shows on this album. My reviews for the songs are as follows:<br />Love Don't Cost A Thing: Fantastic song! Jennifer lays down the rules about what she wants in a relationship, and does it just beautifully. The beat and vocals are really rap/r&amp;bish, one of my favorite songs no doubt. 10/10<br />I'm Real: Janet Jackson inspiration perhaps? It sure sounds like it, as it is so obvious from the 80ish beat that thumps as Jennifer sings. Another favorite of mine. 8/10<br />Play: Sounds a lot like Madonna's &quot;Music,&quot; that rode the charts during the summer of 2000. The electronic beat in the backround is really funky. But the only downfall in the song, and I'm sure many people mentioned this before, is Jennifer use of the F-word in the backround during the chorus. 9/10<br />Walking On Sunshine: I love this song! It sounds a lot like Waiting For Tonight, except a little less powerful, and little less verbose. Her voice is technically enhanced on this one, and it shows. 9/10<br />Ain't It Funny: I also like this song, has a nice latin beat and melody to it, but at some parts of the song it sounds a lot like Madonna's &quot;La Isla Bonita.&quot; The best part about the song is the chorus. 9/10<br />Cario: So-so song, the lyrics are too simple and too plain. But the latin chorus is very upbeat, and the rythym to the song is very catchy and might find you whistling the song. 6/10<br />Come Over: Very sensual song. The type of song you would play during intimacy, if you know what I mean. Jennifer's voice is as smooth as I ever heard it, and the slow r&amp;b beat in the backround is so beautiful. 9/10<br />We Gotta Talk: I think this is my favorite song on the entire album, the chorus is so soulful, and Jennifer's voice is as strong as it ever was. Very R&amp;Bish! I hope this song gets released as a single someday, it would do very good on the charts. 10/10<br />That's Not Me: Hmmmm... This sounds a lot like what Destiney's Child would sing, because the fast-paced chorus is usually their signature. But on this song, Jennifer does a very good job with her vocals, even if they do sound out of tune sometimes. This is another favorite of mine, since she sounds a lot like Destiney's Child. 10/10<br />Dance With Me: Another great song, because it was produced by Puffy or should I say &quot;P. Diddy&quot;. The rythym is great, and chorus is catchy. 9/10<br />Secretly: I love the chorus, but Jennifer does so very little singing in this song, it's mostly just the chorus that sings. The beat is soft and romantic, I like it nonetheless. 8/10<br />I'm Gonna Be Alright: I think this is probably my second favorite song. Jennifer is at her best here. The beat is hypnotic, and the chorus is great. 10/10<br />That's The Way: Very energetic song, and a very good one obviously because it was produced by &quot;Darkchild&quot;. 9/10<br />Dame (Touch Me): This is one of my favorite latin songs on here. On this one Jennifer duets with Chayanne. It was a pitty that he wasn't even acknowledged on this album. Both were in great harmony, and the beat and chorus is simply amazing. 10/10<br />Si Ya Se Acab: I love this latin song also. Jennifer seems to be very confident in this song, and her voice shows it. 9/10<br />Even though this probably won't win any awards, this will always be a personal favorite of mine, and yours to, if you fell in love with Jennifer as much as I have.
B000002BQK|3.0|It's a fact, this CD is no way near the high quality and standard Mariah has set for herself on DAYDREAM &amp; MUSIC BOX. This CD seems a little pathetic even. I mean, the only stand out songs on it are &quot;My All&quot;, &quot;Butterfly&quot;, &quot;Whenever You Call&quot; and &quot;Outside&quot;. &quot;Honey&quot; gets annoying after listening to it for a while. &quot;Fourth Of July&quot; is just as irritating as &quot;Underneath The Stars&quot;, &quot;Breakdown&quot; was a great attempt, at least Mariah did something new instead of sticking to old, typical formulas. &quot;The Beautiful One&quot; was a big mistake, how can she howl with Sisqo on the song? And Mariah's skimpy new image really doesn't improve sales for her records. This is a real disappointment from DAYDREAM.
B000002HIK|5.0|This is my favourite of all James' output. Worth purchasing for the first three tracks alone, each containing subtle, repetitive but gorgeously orchestrated melodies. At first all you hear are beats, and then almost subliminally the music sinks in. Thrill to swelling highs of 'Wax the Nip', the string hooks of 'Icct Hedral', the sparse brilliance of 'Alberto Balsalm' and haunting march of 'next heap with'. Lot's of humour on this album too. If you have patience with ambient sounds, a tolerance for techno beats (you don't need much), and an ear for music with a decent shelf life you should get into this. I've been listening to this one regularly since 96' and it's just as good as ever. Thanks.
B00004YW6I|5.0|Pj Harvey was always considerred to be one of the most fascinating figures in the female rock scene.Her latest release simply displays why.There are moments of brutal honesty in many of these songs.Take for example some lines from the opening track &quot;Big Exit&quot;. &quot;I'm scared baby,I wanna run.This world is crazy,give me the gun...&quot; she shouts.Generally this is more straght-rock than any of her other albums.There's also a duett-single here with Thom Yorke but suprisingly it's not even as half as exciting as one might have expected.There seems to be some kind of a chemistry problem in the combination between the two voices.Things get so much better on &quot;One Line&quot; and &quot;Beautifull Feeling&quot; where Radiohead's lead singer stays in the backing vocals.Especially the first one is simply stunning,the best track of all and one of the greatest songs i've heard last year.There are some weak tracks in here though.On &quot;Kamikaze&quot; and &quot;Is This Love&quot; she relies more on her voice and lyrics and not so much on the music itself.She sounds much more charming on the mysterious &quot;We Float&quot; which closes the album.Anyway,this is one record of 2000 you should definetely purchase.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I like a lot previous album by Rammstein 'Sehnsucht', so I waited for a new one. I was just worrying, it'll not be the same good. Fortunately, the new album is even greater. It's hard to explain what Rammstein is, I don't know anything like it. I'll tell for those who like it already: Don't hesitate, buy the new album now, you'll not regret.
B00005A3KS|5.0|I like this movie a lot, i watched this many times. I would like know if exist this DVD for region 4 South America, because my DVD just read region 4.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I like a lot previous album by Rammstein 'Sehnsucht', so I waited for a new one. I was just worrying, it'll not be the same good. Fortunately, the new album is even greater. It's hard to explain what Rammstein is, I don't know anything like it. I'll tell for those who like it already: Don't hesitate, buy the new album now, you'll not regret.
B00005AFVR|4.0|I was at the July 1st show at the Garden, the night some of the songs on the CD where recorded. It was a great night and the live album lets me relive it.  I'm especially pleased Bruce included the classic, &quot;Lost in the flood&quot; - in my opinion, one of Bruce's best.  My only wish was that &quot;The Promise,&quot; which he played the final night, was on there.  Overall, the CD still proves after all these years--Bruce is still the boss, especially regarding live shows.  But to really capture the magic, you gotta see the master in the flesh! He leaves his heart and soul on the stage every show(along with 3 buckets of sweat). Now THAT you can't capture on a CD.
038533348X|3.0|The novel Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut is an entertaining story of a man who gets tied up while writing a book.  It features an interesting cast of characters and tells a story of the end of the world.<br />One of the positive aspects of this novel is its humor.  Although the humor is mostly dry, Vonnegut gives a comical twist to his characters as well as his ideas of the future.  One of the negative aspects is within the content.  For some people the religion of Bokonism may be hard to understand because it is so odd. <br />Cat's Cradle would be most interesting to either teenagers or adults.  If you're in search of an enjoyable novel with great characters and plot then this is the story for you.
B000059MEK|2.0|I probably should have listened to this album before actually purchasing it, but I guessed that my admiration for the past work of the Daft Punk duo would suffice as a recommendation. I guessed wrong. Apparently they decided to mix disco into trance and come up with an amazing compilation. What they ended up with was a list of candy-coated nothing. None of the great anthemic house/trance/techno stlyes are here, with the exception of a few light beats near the end of the CD. Everything else features trite vocals and slap-base. Don't get me wrong, I like disco music, and I like trance music. But &quot;Discovery&quot; attempts to intertwine the two without sucess. Pass this one up unless a project with Kool and the Gang, Ford, and Diana Ross sounds attractive to you. This is the first Daft Punk album that I felt embarrased to have running when waiting at stop lights.
B00005AFVR|5.0|I was fortunate enough to land two tickets to this tour.  I had never seen Springsteen live before, but soon learned the legends are true.  The E Street band is a phenomenon and each musician is phenomenal -- from Nils Lofgren to Little Stevie. As for Bruce -- If I have that much energy when I'm fifty, I'll be one happy man.  This splendid recording captures some of that energy with a generous selection of songs from the HBO Special -- plus six more recorded at Madison Square Garden last June.  While the recording quality was far better on Bruce's previous live set, the performances on this baby are more passionate and committed.  It's the album your subwoofer has been waiting for.  Granted, there are a few segments of the recording that may annoy listeners after awhile -- such as the band's endless lead-in to &quot;The River&quot; or the protracted version of &quot;Tenth Avenue...&quot; however, those who attended the concerts may actually relish these. Bruce's voice has become darker and more expressive with time -- and that only adds to the power of &quot;The Land of Hope and Dreams&quot; and &quot;American Skin (41 Shots) -- two of the best songs this band has ever recorded -- and these are the first commercial recordings they've ever had.  My gripes are few.  With each concert running over 3 1/2 hours, I wanted the show to go on.  Without question, this should have been a three-disc set and the sense of occasion suggests the notes should have been more elaborate too.  That notwithstanding, I come away from this recording with the sense that except for these legendary musicians (and a few more who shall remain nameless) the best rock-and-roll has been here and gone.  These dudes don't need fright make-up, sex, pierced navels, overdubs or all of the other dreck that's filled pop and rock recordings for the past decade.  This music is pure emotion.  The lyrics have the power to touch that part of the heart that rarely opens.  These are songs about the wanderer, the disenfranchised, the seeker, the rebel in all of us.  Do yourself a favor and give it a try.
6305657939|5.0|And you know why? She's cool. That's all there is to it. What is this criticizing her because of her age and saying that she looks old? Permit me this, the individuals that would say such a thing would not be glanced at by Rene if he happened to be the last man on Earth. This would make him very sad.<br /> That having been said, The Thomas Crown Affair far surpasses its predecessor. I've seen the other one and I don't know how I did not fall asleep. This film has it all, style, dialogue, Pierce, Rene, I don't see a problem. To add to that, Denis Leary is in the film as well and does a superb job. <br /> I think that this film is great and highly underrated. Buy it, enjoy and let the naysayers nay.
0452282152|5.0|This book just told the story behind the the famous portrait painted by Vermeer, one of the best painter of Holland in 17th century.<br />The roles in this novel were very real. I could picture their daily life, sensed their emotions, their struggles and understood their own ways when facing situations or difficulties of life. Each one thought and acted in a different logic according to their personalities, making this fiction very vivid. I could even felt the feature and the sound of Tanneke, Maria Thins, Catharina, Vermeer, Pieter, etc. And I want to slap Cornelia too.(In fact, at the end Griet slap her again, I was very happy and laugh out)<br />Unlike some books with deliberately contrived or hidden plots, Chevalier's were naturally put between pages, and her excellent writing skill was well and neatly placed here and there and gradually emerged before readers. Readers could comprehend and understand these skill, not to felt too contrived. For example, the eight-point-star square. At first it seemed unimportant, but when I read Griet standing on the center to choose a point, each point led to a different life, I was deeply moved. Just mention some another examples: the two slaps given to Cornelia (the welcome and good-bye to this family), the first sight of bloody finger of the butcher(and at last she become his wife); the pearl ring given back to Griet, combined with the debt Vermeer owed to them; the day when Agnes died followed by Fran's birth. Such designs and metaphors prevailed the whole book, making this book a joy to read.<br />Usually many books have good beginning and loose ends, But this book is different. At first it seemed a bit slow and cold, even a bit detached. But page after page readers would know that's because this book just followed the tone of the protagonist, Griet, maid and muse of Vermeer. It's tranquil but always affirmative. Gradually clues and scenes combined into a full bloom and it was quite wonderful.<br />This book is a pearl. Highly recommendend.ighly recommendend.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Gladiator completely absorbed me with not a moment's lack of interest.  The beginning that starts in battle is the way human life starts - not born free but struggling and requiring courage and dedication and hard work to master and learn.  The film is in the tradition of the Count of Monte Cristo, Les Miserables with its human suffering, and Audie Murphy's story with its incredible courage in the face of the seemingly unconquerable odds.  It also gives a side of the Ancient Roman army that provides food for thought - it may well be that the army was more courageous than the politicians and their followers (does this seem to parallel modern times?) who misused it and sent it to fight their battles.  I also like the idea that you need to live in other people's shoes so to speak in order to understand them - the slavery of Rome looked very different when seen from the inside than from the outside.   The inconsistencies that some reviewers have noticed in the story seem to me less important than the consistencies and the similarities with our times.  I would have given this film the Academy Award, although I think that it would be better to give several awards for best motion picture.
0684853523|5.0|I started working on my novel again and later that day received a writing magazine in the mail, with an excerpt from this book as the cover story. I found Mr. King's comments encouraging, even though I've never read any of his books. (I did stand in a bookstore several years ago, barely able to put Misery down, but I don't enjoy the horror or suspense genres.)<br />This week I received a package in the mail from someone who I like to think believes in the writer in me. &quot;It's a book,&quot; I thought, then I pulled it out and my heart fell. &quot;Oh, it's Stephen King.&quot; But when my eyes landed on the title, the thrill was back and I couldn't put this little book down.<br />I was thrilled to receive permission to keep my writing private until it's finished, to drop out of the writers group with its silly reviews, to not take another writing class, to not write from an outline, to let the story take off without planning the plot ahead of time, to trust that what I need to do is to read a lot and write a lot, and to be honest above all.<br />I keep thinking that I never wanted a mentor, yet Stephen King is so earnest and casual in this book, I feel as though he's talking directly to me. I've got a shelf full of books about writing, but none have the honesty and enthusiasm for writing because the writer loves to write. (Thank you, Kevin, for the most meaningful gift I've ever received.)
B000002W9Q|5.0|Growing up with this movie continually brings back wonderful memories and hearing the music...even moreso.  Nearly every track on this album can provoke great images and scenes from the movie...&quot;I carried a watermelon?&quot;  Ay.   ANYHOW, this movie and its music were and still continue to be, a great cult film which acclaimed great success during the 80s and 90s.   Please watch the movie, if you haven't already done so...then proceed to buy the soundtrack--I guarantee enjoyment for all...
B00005AAFS|5.0|I've been a big fan of Rammstein for a while now, and loved their album Sehnsucht. I find this album superior, however. It has a wider range of lyrical complexities, as well as a break from the trademark Rammstein beat as on such hits as Du Hast. Some of the songs still use the heavy, pulsating rhythm to great effect, while others combine more symphonic elements, reminiscent of Metallica's album S&amp;M. Mutter, the title track, is a wonderful power ballad in a uniquely Rammstein style. There is a much wider variety of sounds on this album, and all of the tracks are solid, which is a rarity in current albums. Great Rammstein. Should please both fans and new listeners alike.
B00005AFVR|5.0|This is absolutely the BEST rock cd to hit the market in years. It'll make you jump, dance, sing, scream and pump your fist for Springsteen.  Can't wait for the DVD!
038533348X|4.0|The novel Cat's Cradle by the author Kurt Vonnegut shows how a society can maintain itself around the contradiction of science and religion. The novel reflects around such examples as the infamous ice- nine  and the profound religion of Bokonism developed by a most impressive man, Bokonon himself.   The novel mainly revolves around the concept of the crystals known as ice- nine.  This is said to be a compound of water whose molecular structure has been altered into another form which makes it solid at room temperature and have a melting point of one- hundred and fourteen degrees Fahrenheit. It also is known to instantaneously freeze anything that it comes in contact with, which eventually destroys the world. Ironically this substance happened to be created by the maker of the atomic bomb. An interesting book indeed.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys the concept of science versus religion and also to anyone who is intrigued by science itself. I found the book to be quite an enjoying and extremely fascinating  book to pick up, and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in trying out one of Vonnegut's \\"different\\" books.
0767821769|5.0|STEPMOM is one of my favorite movies of all time!! It puts together comady, romance, drama, and family all in one two hour movie!! <br />STEPMOM stars Julia Roberts and Susan Sarandon. They're best friends in real life, but for this movie, they can't stand being near each other!!<br />Julia plays Isabel, a very hip, kid-like woman who is in love with Luke. Luke is Jackie's ex-husband, who is played by Susan. So therefore, Isabel must take care of Jackie and Luke's two children, Ben and Anna. <br />The only problem is, Anna hates Isabel, and so Isabel gets annoyed. She doesn't seen to fit in. Especially when Jackie takes a dislike to her, also. <br />When Jackie finds out she has cancer, her world is torn in two, taking her family along with her. She can't cope with the fact that if she dies, her children will be left with Isabel. <br />This depressing movie brings the realistic reality that sometimes families must be there for each other. And Julia and Susan play the part of Isabel and Jackie perfectly!!  Everyone will fall in love with Julia as she performs her role as the stepmother handling two young children. This is a MUST SEE!!
B0000009SI|5.0|You'll laugh, you will cry, you might even get offended. But you will want more... This is some of Frank's best stuff!
B00004YKUY|5.0|It has been a long wait indeed,but it was well worth it. Journey proves once again that good music is never out of fashion. I applaud Steve Augeri for doing himself on Arrival instead of Steve Perry, which he does flawlessly live. The designated hits - &quot;Higher Place&quot; and &quot;All The Way&quot;, will definitely be just that. There is no filler on this release. It is also a relief that Journey chooses to be what they are, rather than jumping on the current music trends of the moment.<br />The guys have done their job both, live and on Arrival. I just hope the label is aggressive enough in their marketing and promotion as they should be, for this one deserves the full push. Thank you to Journey, I didn't expect anything less than what you've given. Please keep giving the world your gift. P.S. I had tears in my eyes the first time I saw and heard Steve Augeri live with Journey, as it was a magical moment. Steve, you have given more than anyone could've ever have expected, both Live and on the new record, so extra special thanks to you.
B00004YA66|5.0|Two movies for the price of one. Dennis Quaid is a loving father/firefighter who sadly dies in a warehouse fire. 30 years later his son (now a police officer) is able to talk to his long lost father on his dad's old radio. The reuniting of these two is the first movie, the second is the amazing story of stopping a murderer. Now that his son is a cop, Quaid is navigated by his son through the past to stop the &quot;Nighting Gale&quot; murderer. In the end, Quaid is reunited with his son after surviving the cruel past. With amazing twists and great onscreen acting, &quot;Frequency&quot; is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. You cry, you smile, you laugh.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Kevin Spacey was the man for the job... the job of playing a middle-aged man in the thick of mid-life crisis. Lester Burnam (Kevin Spacey) is having trouble with his wife (played by Annette Bening) and daughter (Thora Burch) and yearns for peace. When the delinquent son of the next door neighbor makes an impact on Burnam's daughter, things are lining up for disaster. The boy is violent and has a mysterious way of making money. And he is about to change the Burnam's life forever.<br />Add to that Lester's sudden preoccupation with his daughter's 16-year-old, best friend, and you have all the angst, drama and suspense you could ever wish for! The script, written by Alan Ball, was beautiful and dramatic without being overdone, and Sam Mendes direction is superb. Lester's &quot;silly little life&quot; will make an impact on yours... a great movie!
038533348X|5.0|Cats Cradle by Kurt Vonnegot is a wonderful but deceiving. It is a well-written story about the narrator Jonah (a journalist) and it opens with him writing a story call The Day The World Ended and he based it reactions of Felix Hoenikker (the father of the atomic bomb) on the day the bomb was dropped. Jonah meets Felix's three bizarre children and he becomes mixed up with the inhabitant from the island of San Lorenzo. He learns about ice-nine, a small chemical that could bring around the end of the world. Once created for the soldiers to solidify mud so it is easier to travel on. However he really made a weapon more dangerous the atomic bomb.  There are many high points skillfully twisted into the story. Vonnegot is a very skillful writer and I want to read more of his novels. The high point that sticks out the most is when Jonah and the others bring about the end of the world by using ice-nine. This however was a mistake they had to pay for. I think the book has no low points because it was written so well nothing makes you lose you attention.  Yes, I would recommend this book to anyone of any age. It is good at any age because you can see things at a different view. The one reason one shouldn't read this book is if they are easily distracted because if you miss one thing you are in trouble. This is a book that should be read at least once.
0553106635|5.0|The third book in the series, A Storm Of Swords was/is my favorite one so far.  This series gets better and better as time goes on.  The great thing is Martin's ability to continually surprise you by doing the things you thought he wouldn't dare to do.<br />Once again, the characters are fantastic!  I've never seen anyone who can create such a plethora of characters with the exception of Charles Dickens.  Like I siad in my review of Book 1, each character is a shade of grey rather than black and white.  Actually, each one is a rainbow of emotions and motivations.  Whether it's Tyrion Lannister (my favorite) or Robb Stark, each character will surprise you at one point or another.  <br />In this, the third novel of the series, Martin thickens the plot and seems to tie off some loose ends.  However, be warned, Martin had the ability to make your head spin and just when you thought he was ending something, he might surprise you.<br />I am sure the rest of this series will live up to the three books out there so far.  If for some reason you haven't begun this series, then I recommend buying all three books and getting started.  It's a decision you will not regret.
0446310786|5.0|When first given 'To kill a Mockingbird' to read as a school assignment, I admit, I did dismiss it as another boring school book, but when I actually came to read it I realized that it I was very wrong. 'To kill a Mockingbird' is written through the eyes of Scout, an eight year-old recounting the past two years in a childlike innocent way. However, under the surface of her young vocabulary and speech patterns, there is a very mature voice telling us all some very important lessons for life. The childrens' father, Atticus, their housekeeper, Calpurnia and even Boo Radley show us the importance of respect and tolerance of other people, especially the importance of treating other races the same as our own. Every aspect of Maycomb society, even the bad racist side shows us how and how not to behave toward other people, without at any time appearing 'holier than thou' or pious. The wisdom of Atticus in using metaphors to explain the most important lessons in life to his children is evident: 'It is a sin to kill a mockingbird because all it does is sing its heart out for us'. He says this to his son, Jem as a warning to not shoot this type of bird, but also the deeper meaning of not destroying innocence or hating a black simply for the color of his skin. I recommend that anybody who has not already read this book read it as it is a beautiful book with very positive messages. I think the best part of Atticus's wisdom is when he says 'You can never fully understand a person until you get inside his skin.' Think about it.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This marked Maiden's height of success and creativity and belongs in the same sentence as 'Powerslave' and 'Number of the Beast.' '7th Son' was Maiden's first all out concept album. The album is based on the mythical figure &quot;The seveth son of a seventh son&quot; and explores life, death, and the afterlife. The album kicks off with Moonchild, one of their best openers. The next song is Infinite Dreams which starts off slow and builds to an incredible series of solos. Can I Play With Madness was the first of four hit songs peaking at no. 3. Probably the best song is The Evil That Men Do, an incredible mixture of guitars and lyrics. The 9-plus minute epic title track is next and the album peaks there. The Prophecy and The Clairvoyant follow and the lead to the album closer Only The Good Die Young. Many didn't like this album cause it used keyboard and was a little more commercial that previous albums. But this was Maiden's third best album if you ask me(behind Powerslave and Number of the Beast) and it is also their grandest album as far as capturing a vision completely. This one is a definite buy.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is one of the best movies out there. It has awesome effects and the gladiator fight scenes are sweet. I know the movie wasn't true and most of it didn't happen in ancient history but that makes it even more exciting. I know that nobody expected the ending but in a few ways it makes the movie better. I think this is one of the coolest movies there is. If you haven't seen it you should rent it. If you like it as much as I do then buy it, you'll want to see it again.
B00004SU5J|5.0|...this album plays in the background.  The tracks weave in and out; flutes rise and fall; jazz riffs turn into chants.  You sip your coffee.  Everything is right with the world.  <br />Every track on this album is a gem, from the luscious sweet voice singing &quot;I want you to get together...&quot; on Rose Rouge (track 1) to the trancejazz and the occasional world and latin motifs of the later tracks.  The especially powerful So Flute is the best of the bunch, and it would be on repeat while I sleep each night -- if the other songs on the album weren't just as filling and sweet.  I've had the album for just two weeks -- picked it up in Holland after hearing it in every store, cafe, you name it -- and can't get enough.<br />No matter what kind of music you like, this is the album you want played when you need to just BE for an hour and a half, whether in public or private.   Treat yourself.  Get this disk.
B00004R9A4|4.0|Although &quot;Bedknobs&quot; tries too hard to imitate &quot;Mary Poppins&quot; (same director, songwriting team, co-star Tomlinson, many plot similarities) it remains good fun and Disney has done a very fine job with the DVD.  The only negative is that the high resolution on the DVD makes the wires in the &quot;Substitutiary Locomotion&quot; sequence all too visible.  <br />Contrary to comments made by an earlier reviewer, the DVD offers the 139 minute original cut of the film that was shown at the world premiere in London in the fall of 1971. As mentioned in the short documentary on the DVD, &quot;Bedknobs&quot; was edited down to about 2 hours for U.S. distribution later that year.  The original U.S. theatrical cut was used as the basis for all earlier home video versions, except for a special edition laserdisc that was released a few years ago.  The documentary doesn't mention that an even shorter version exists---when &quot;Bedknobs&quot; was re-released to theaters in the late 1970s the running time was reduced to about 90 minutes, or almost an hour less than the original 1971 U.K. running time.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India is truely a breath of fresh air.  I just got this CD last night but I have been listening to her every moment that my eyes have been open.  Don't Miss This One!  Soulful!
B000002MY3|5.0|This album is passionate and powerful. While Alanis Morisette is not everyone's favorite singer, she is able to bring out the emotions of her audience by sharing her own experiences. I particularly like \\"You Learn.\\" Her honesty and intelligence shines through and she sings with the softness and sincerity that is exculsive to Alanis. She's not as angry or as soft as some would like her to be, but she is universal. If you're looking for something soft, buy Jewel. Something angry, Courtney Love. But if you're looking for passion, wisdom and insightfulness, buy this album. <br />God forbid a female singer remain a respected artist past her fifteen minutes of fame alloted by the record companies.
B00004YKUY|5.0|??? the album since December and it is fantastic.  Classic Journey at its best.  &quot;Higher Place&quot; could be the one song to rival the steady &quot;Seperate Ways &quot; as an opening number someday.  My advice is to buy the album and put Journey back on top again.
038533348X|5.0|Full of irony and humor, Kurt Vonnegut's Cats Cradle recognizes human potential, and mankind's ability to achieve mass destruction.  At a period of scientific advancements, and a terrifying World War, Vonnegut uses the confusing character of Felix Hoenikker.  Behind his innocent nature,  Hoenikker is the creator of the atomic bomb and ice nine, which kills nearly everything in the world.  In a twisted way, Vonnegut confuses the reader, because Felix is not what people conceive as an evil person.  His playful humor, is merely a play on words of his conception of the world filled with human stupidity.  Unlike many authors, Vonnegut relays the truth of our perfect technological world as it is not always perceived.  The book's excellence is expressed by Vonneguts relentless emphasis on human stupidity, still running ramped in the 20th Century.  Through his carefully planned irony, Vonnegut relays that man's technological advancements combined with indifferent, careless, stupid people are enough to destroy the world.  However, as intelligent and excellent Vonnegut's perception of our world is, it does come across as a terrifying reality to some.  Some readers may not be able to accept these dangers that surround us, and the capability for Cats Cradle to actually occur.  Never the less, Vonneguts greatness and intelligence cannot be overlooked, no matter how terrifying his book appears.  Clearly, I believe that every adult, who ever thinks about our future, should read this novel.  The book answers many questions of what mankind is capable of accomplishing.  If I were to rate this book, it would be an immediate 10.
B000002J20|5.0|This work is so easy to criticize due to its mammoth ambition.  Remember, we live in a society which does not easily accept deviations from standard practices.  On this work, Yes really pushed the envelope and came up with four, interlocking pieces of music, all based on a common lyrical and conceptual foundation of Hinduism.  On first listen, the album seems dense and somewhat unlistenable.  So critics had their way with this one.<br />I first listened to this album as a Junior in High School in 1974.  Growing up in conservative Orange County, where the standard music listened to by my peers was Elton John, the Beach Boys and other pop music, those who listened to Yes were hard to find.  However, after purchasing the three record live set Yessongs, I became an instant fan.  I can't tell you how disappointed I was when I first listened to this album.  I enjoyed side one (RSOG) and struggled through side two (The Remembering).  The next day I played sides three and sides four and only enjoyed the acoustical portion of the Ancient (which was receiving some air play on FM radio (KLOS, KMET and KWST).  For the next 15 months, I don't think I listened to side four (The Ritual) as I found it inpenetrable.  <br />I was unable to see the live version of this album in concert (probably on restriction at the time) and I focused most of my Yes listenings to Yessongs, Close To The Edge, The Revealing Science of God, and Fragile.  I was fortunate enought to see Yes in concert at the famed Hollywood Bowl in 1975 which was the Relayer Tour.  I must admit, I was disappointed that night that the only song selected from Tales From Topographic Oceans was The Ritual.  However, I noticed that in their presentation of that song, they inserted an excerpt from The Remembering.  Intrigued, I went home that night and decided to give TFTO another chance.  I began to listen to The Ritual at night with headphones or in the car on the way to work or College.  As I listed more repeatedly, I became aware of the complex melodies and the steadily increasing intensity of the instrumentation.  What really set me off was the coda which contained the stirring percussion and electronic swirling music within the piece.  <br />If I was to set this music to film, I would envision an event such as the end of the dinosaurs.  And just when you think that life has ended, here comes Steve Howe on guitar with the most mournful, life affirming fretwork that you will ever hear.  After &quot;cracking&quot; The Ritual, I then learned to enjoy The Ancient as well (in fact that is the song that I requested that the Band play in the Masterwork Tour).  Again, this song takes you on a journey that shows Steve Howe's incredible ability to take divergent musical concepts and place them together to make truly complex melodies.  I find this piece to be very similar to Chick Corea's incredible Piano Improvisations Volume I and II, as the more your listen to Steve's meanderings on the frets (as contrasted with Chick's fingering of the keyboards), the more you hear the melodies develop.  And what Melodies!<br /> If this music doesn't engage you, I can't believe that you have actually listed to it.  This work is the greatest collection of music recorded in the last thirty years.  It has it all ...  Melody, Musicianship, Continuity, and Seamless Arrangements.  Yes should only be proud of this achievement.  <br />Ignore the critics and get engaged with this triumphant piece of art.
B00003CXN4|5.0|An amazing masterpiece. Three entirely different stories of people struggling with themselves emotionally while entangled in the neverending drug war saga are so intricately woven together in a captivating script and powerful performances by the cast and amazing direction by Steven Soderbergh. Few films catch so eloquently and simplicitly the troubling fight against illegal drugs. This film displays the lives of those for and against drugs, and in doing so, shows how greed and selfishness lead to such devastation in the lives of all who are involved. An amazing, enthralling, mesmerizing film that truly opens your eyes to a disturbing side of the world that few rarely get to glimpse.
B00004Z1MN|4.0|I hate it when a movie blows my socks off to the point where I'm the first guy in line when it's out in stores, but dosen't do well in theatres. Dennis Quaid makes an amazing return to the silver screen in a beautiful movie all about time travel. One of my favourite subjects. The intensity between father and son when it's discoverd they can talk through time is simply awe inspiring. I had not known who James Caviezel was before veiwing the film and immediatly did a background check, the man is gifted and I hope Hollywood gives him his due. If you like movies that show you the same place and two different times then this is the right film for you.
B00004YKUY|5.0|True - this album is not &quot;Escape,&quot; but it is an awesome rebirth.  Augeri's range is as incredible as Perry's, and I think the songwriting has moved into another direction, but one that still recalls Journey of yesteryear.  I didn't like their last record, &quot;Trial By Fire,&quot; but this one is a winner for this ten-year fan.  The guitar licks are plenty wicked and the playing is tight.  Highly recommended.
0452281881|5.0|This is the fastest moving, funniest book I've read in a long time.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, read it in one evening (couldn't put it down!) and have recommended it to everyone I know.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I saw the actual movie months beforehand; kept returning to it in my mind though because it left the impression of a self-sufficient masterpiece. Based on antique myth of Odyssey, authentic, multilayered (for curious spectators to discover), one of the  richest layers - sound. Not many films can boast such a close adherence - &quot;collaboration&quot;, - of the music and action; they are inseparable. The result of the slow-acting charm - this is my first soundtrack ever bought, first disc containing american folk&amp;country, and one of the brightest records in my collection.
B00004YKUY|4.0|It is definately a good CD. I am however disappointed by the raves everyone gives to Steve Augeri. Yes he indeed has the sound of the great Steve Perry but he lacks in the soul and the passion that Perry gives. That is needed to give the fans the full 100% Journey music.    I will indeed check them out in concert if they do indeed come to the Omaha area (Doubtful).
B000007T1M|1.0|This album is defines the bad side of new metal.  Please deport them immediately.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I've never heard a Rammstein song that I didn't like, and this album keeps that record alive. The fact that there are more softer, ballad like songs on this album, just proves that Rammstein are true muscians, and not just a bunch of noisy punks. Rammstein rules! Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin Schizophren Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin wirr Ihr wollt Mauern bau`n Ich renn sie ein Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin irr Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin ein Psychopath wie<br />Die Welt ihn lange nicht Gesehen hat mit Meinem Kopf renn ich Gegen jede Wand so vllig Hirnlos ohne Verstand<br />Ihr reit die Muler auf Ich hab die Wut im Bauch Wenn ich mir nur treu bin Schaffs ich alleine auch Das ist euch zuwider Nicht Einzusehn Macht was ihr wollt Das ist nicht mein Problem Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin Schizophren Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin wirr Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin aggressiv ohne Anstand Mit dem Kopf durch die Wand<br />Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin Schizophren Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin hohl Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin unbequem Gott sei dank ich bin krank Und frivol Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin erregt wenn mein Benehmen euch auf den Magen schlgt Mit meinem Kopf voll Sand Renn ich gegen jede Wand So vllig sinnlos Ohne Verstand<br />Ihr reit die Muler auf Ich hab die Wut im Bauch Wenn ich mir nur treu bin Schaffs ich alleine auch Das ist euch zuwider Nicht Einzusehn Macht was ihr wollt Das ist nicht mein Problem Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin Schizophren Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin wirr Gott sei dank ich bin krank Ich bin aggressiv ohne Anstand Mit dem Kopf durch die Wand<br />Mit dem Kopf durch die Mit dem Kopf durch die Mit dem Kopf durch die Mit dem Kopf durch die Wand<br />Ich gebe zu es ist nicht leicht Weil ab und zu Die Wand nicht weicht Ich haue mir den Schdel blau Doch Scheiegal ich wei Genau Ich bleib mir treu mein Wille zhlt und das ist Was euch allen fehlt Den Kopf voll Sand Gegen die Wand So sinnlos Ohne Verstand<br />Ihr reit die Muler auf Ich hab die Wut im Bauch Steckt mich in die Zelle Die zerleg ich auch Das ist euch zuwider Nicht Einzusehn Macht was ihr wollt Das ist nicht mein Problem<br />Mit dem Kopf durch die Mit dem Kopf durch die Mit dem Kopf durch die Mit dem Kopf durch die Wand
B000056K04|3.0|While 'Everyday' at first glance is not the same CD that 'Before These Crowded Streets' was, neither was 'Before These Crowded Streets' to 'Crash'.  The Dave Matthews Band has been an evolving phenomenon since their inception.  I was disappointed not to find the raw emotion of 'Before These Crowded Streets' on 'Everyday', there are no songs like 'Halloween' that really make one's blood start pumping, but the message is the same.  Overall, this CD is a bit of a letdown from previous studio sessions, but fans have been spoiled by the wealth of great songs that have been put out.  'Everyday' is a solid album, but I would not recommend it to someone looking to become involved in the Dave Matthews Band experience.
0553106635|1.0|Of Martin's 3 books in this series, I've never been so disappointed.  He does weave the plot together rather well, but it was predictable.  He spends too much time in detail of characters he never saw fit to elaborate on until he needed some more characters because he's killed off all the other main characters.  There was only 1 surprise in the book and it was the very end, and I mean very end.  This book was quite easy to put down and full of disappointments for me from such a talented author.
B00004Z459|5.0|Well, in my opinion, this band is awesome.  In a way, they are like a combination of Stabbing Westward, Limp Bizkit and maybe a little Disturbed.  These guys are in no way copying these bands, they just sound a little like them.  All in all, a really great cd, and if you like any of the above mentioned bands, you might want to check Linkin Park out!
B00004R99K|5.0|As a child my father would read Alice in Wonderland to us for hours. As an adult, Lewis Carroll's literary classic came to life as I had never imagined it before. It also seemed to have more humor than in the literary version, which made me laugh out loud a few times.<br /><br />If they had shortened the Mad Hatter's Tea Party, they might have had room to add in some of the other off-the-wall characters. If you know the original story too well, you will find yourself looking for characters which never appear.<br /><br />So, I think watching this film would be a good way to get kids to find out what else Alice was up to in her fantasy topsy-turvy dream world. For adults who remember the book, this magical animation classic will take you back to your childhood.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya's work moves from my feet up my spine and out the top of my head. This new collection transports with it's contents from another room of an angel's heart.If music can move one to tears,cause one to lose interest in chocolate(!) and enables one to paint with colors inspired from  the other regions not of this world, then I would give it 5 stars. Nice work, Enya. Your sounds vibrate with colors that add much beauty to Earth. I would say that you embody the native american saying: :&quot;Walk gently on Mother Earth's back&quot;.
B000002I55|5.0|I have this weird little trinket that is a small plastic magic lamp, when you touch it, music plays and this screaming voice says &quot;FREE&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;FREE&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;FREE&quot;.  And I am glad to say that I have figured it out.  The little voice is in the lantern listening to Ornette Coleman on headphones, and impulsively yelling &quot;free...free...free&quot;.  ...........The voice in the lantern isn't the only thing I figured out.  I have figured out the fabulousness of Ornette Coleman.  This is what gives artistry a good and bad name.  The good name comes from the innovativeness of the work, never been done before.  The bad name comes from the fact that some people evaluate art by how good it is in relationship to what has come before it.  You can't do it!!!!  There aint nothing like this.  It is frenetic, it is passive, it is solo, it is ensemble...it's even at times melodic.  ....but here is my hint.  Don't be intimidated by all the snobs, rapping on Kenny G.  There is a place for Kenny....and truthfully, late at night on a full moon Kenny probably goes out and wails in a way that would blow these reviewers snobby doors off.......play a little off the computer.  Play a little more....Let this stuff grow on you.  Don't make it be anything...just let it do something to you....and soon, that little genie that has been trapped in your head will start yelling.....Free....free...free......
038533348X|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle is an apocalyptic interpretation of the world's future.  Written from the perspective of a free-lance writer, John, Cat's Cradle cleverly links a scientist's disfunctional family to a Caribbean island living under the illusions of a religion grounded on lies.  Pursuing substance for his novel, The Day the World Ended, John contacts the family of Felix Hoenikker, the father of the atomic bomb.  Consequently, John travels with Hoenikker's children to a Caribbean island, falls in love, assumes the presidency, and witnesses the destruction of the world.  The text flowed very well; terse chapters maintained the reader's interest. Witty conclusions exemplified how humans are connected through intricate links.  Vonnegut's varied settings, ranging from suburban New York to an impoverished Caribbean island, certainly maintain the reader's interest.  Vonnegut also refrains from narrating the novel with an omniscient voice.  On the contrary, John is ignorant about human relationships; this naivety evokes humor.  Two themes the novel served to exemplify, illusion vs. reality and the destruction resulting from unrestricted science were prominent.  To comprehend these themes, readers should be in the adolescent or adult age groups. The reader must also bear patience to see how obscure events string together at the novel's conclusion.  With patience, readers will relish this ingenius satire.
B00005AAFS|5.0|ok...first off, if you like Rammstein, you'll like this CD (no doubt about it).  If you like metal of any sort, you'll like this CD (most likely).  If you have no idea who Rammstein is, then this is a good CD to start with (I promise)....ok...this was a short and (probably) weak review....but I just can't find words to describe how much the new Rammstein album impressed me. =O)
B00004Z459|2.0|Well, in my opinion, this band is awesome.  In a way, they are like a combination of Stabbing Westward, Limp Bizkit and maybe a little Disturbed.  These guys are in no way copying these bands, they just sound a little like them.  All in all, a really great cd, and if you like any of the above mentioned bands, you might want to check Linkin Park out!
1572522232|4.0|Don't bother yourself with the details of the plot, just sit back and take in the brilliant set pieces (the scene with the dog and the blind man is incredible) and the foreboding, nightmarish score by Goblin (which sounds like a Satanic lullaby).  If this doesn't sound like much of an incentive, just rent it and you'll see differently.  This is Dario Argento in his prime, and although I think &quot;Deep Red&quot; is a superior film, &quot;Suspiria&quot; is still an effective shocker.
038533348X|4.0|The book Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut is about 180 pages published by Dell, this is the first time I've read anything by Vonnegut. I thought it was such a disturbing book. Everything I've heard about him, though, seems to be true. He's a brilliant satirist. Well, this is a story, a satirical effusion of sarcasm, about that subject - The End of the World. The irony here is that the guy who was really the father of the atomic bomb didn't wipe out the earth on his first try using the fiery, nuclear holocaust. So he tries again with this substance called Ice-9, with spectacularly better results. I thought it was a very incomplete yet complex story portraying the end of the world, yet I still found it enjoyable.       War, religion, capitalism, Americanism and the implied hatred that the entire world has for it, politics -- Human Nature are all targets of Vonnegut's caustic satire. It's an interesting story, but it's more interesting as a macabre, yet humorous, linguistic feast. As I read this book I couldn't help thinking of that Robert Frost poem, Fire and Ice. You know... Some say the world will end in fire, some say in Ice. I thought this was appropriate considering the man behind the atomic bomb was like an attempt to end the world in fire, and Ice-9 was like an attempt using Ice, yet all done by the same man.       In the end I found that this book was an excellent read, at least once. While it has the potential to be a favorite re-read, I would not give it overwhelming praise such as guaranteeing it. I found some parts humorous and others quite depressing, but it was well written and had a fairly easily followed plot, if not incomplete. So I would recommend you definitely read this book for yourself, and you be the judge, don't just take my word for it.
6305311463|4.0|I love my DVD player, and like every DVD owner I want to make sure it has only the best films to play for me. With that in mind, I also look for extensive extras in every DVD that I buy. Thanks to the Criterion Collection there are a more great DVD's out there with loads of extras, which can not be found on a general release, and Armageddon is one of those. The movie is loaded with the kind of humor, action, romance, guts-n-glory, nail-biting countdown to destruction kind of performances that just about every guy likes. It offers it in both widescreen and pan-and-scan formats. But the real reason to purchase this DVD is the second disk. Loaded with outtakes, productions notes, director commentary, behind the scenes info and a hysterical gag-reel - this is a great DVD! This is why the format is so popular, and in my opinion - every disc should have this much stuff. It's a little more expensive, but you and you DVD player are worth it! Have fun saving the planet with this one... I sure did.
B00005AFVR|5.0|I WAS LUCKY ENOUGH TO HAVE SEEN THE 2000 BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN CONCERT, WICH WAS THE BEST SHOW I HAVE EVER SEEN. THIS RECORDING CAPTURES THE GLORY &amp; THE POWER OF THAT SHOW. IT WOULD HAVE TO BE A FOUR DISC SET TO HAVE ALL THE SONGS FROM THE SHOW. GIVEN THAT I THINK A GREAT DEAL OF ATTENTION WAS GIVEN TO THE SONG SELECTION. THIS MAY TURNOUT TO BE MY FAVORITE SPRINGSTEEN ALBUM AND I HAVE THEM ALL.
B00005AFVR|5.0|This incredible live album is a testimony to the eternal rock and roll soul. It is remarkable how tight they still sound after all this time. The E Street Band soars. They still have the keyboard and guitar flourishes, thrilling saxaphone runs and Max sounds &quot;mightier&quot; than ever on the drums. Bruce sounds more zealous than he has in fifteen years as the rock and roll evangelist at the center. His enthusiasm is infectious. This man is truly a legend who doesnt know how to give a mediocre performance. He gives his blood sweat and tears every night on the stage. There are several surprises on this album. One literal surprise is the hidden track &quot;Born To Run&quot; between tracks 9 and 10 on disc 1. Another is the lovely, haunting &quot;41 Shots&quot; that shows that Bruce can still write and perform a socially conscious song that is powerful and moving on a global scale because it is illustrated on a soul level, showing reverance and humanity even as it indicts brutality and prejiduce. Another is hearing Clarence Clemons reveal a beautiful singing voice on &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot;. If you feel that your faith in Rock and Roll is ebbing, pick up this album. It will make you a true believer again!
014028009X|5.0|I can't relate with Bridget's life but it is so much fun to read her 'diary'. It is hillarious and touchy at the same time. At the end of the book, I've made new friends with Bridget and her Singletons. Look forward to read the sequel.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Rammstein is one of the greatest bands out there today.  All of there cds are terrific and have a good bet to every song.  Ther is not one boring song and you can never be let down. &quot; Sonne&quot; is the best song on this cd in my opinion.  I think it is like the Deftones &quot; My Own Summer&quot; in German.  Other songs such as Zwitter and Adios kick ass.  If you haven't heard a good cd in a while, shell out 20 bux and listen to this right here. There is speculation that Rammstein are Neo-Nazis but that is stereotypical BS!  I am Jewish and love their music and the lyrics.  Trust me man, you won't be disapointed.
B000056JYC|5.0|For some reason, I feel compelled to start this review off with a few comments from someone else's. Following is a review of the previous CD release of Frampton Comes Alive: <br />&quot;This album is so 70s that to listen to it would risk opening a time portal back to the days of afros, bellbottoms and - shudder - arena rock! Frightening, eh? Okay, this WAS the biggest selling album of all time at one point, and it DID get tons of exposure on FM radio all over the world. But it was totally PLAYED OUT by 1979! To be caught dead with this disc in your collection then - even moreso NOW - would be an invitation to the worst kind of (deserved) ridicule. The fact that this anachronism has made it onto the compact disc format is astonishing.&quot;<br />Hmm. What's funny is that everything this person said about this CD is the very reason I bought it. I've been tempted to buy it for years, but everytime I picked it up, I hesitated and put it back. Guess I wasn't ready to step through that &quot;portal - back to the days of afros, bellbottoms and arena rock!.&quot; But then I saw the 25th anniversary edition on sale and decided to grab it. Guess enough time had passed for me.<br />The point is, this is a set of live music that does indeed teleport you to a specific time and place. How many recordings can do that so successfully? Whether or not you're a fan of 70s music is really beside the point. Listening to Frampton Comes Alive, you can close your eyes and almost relive those concerts of yore - the sights, the sounds, the people.... Where it was general admission seating and huge mushroom clouds of pot smoke always formed at the top of the venues. Sometimes the music itself was irrelevant. It was about the experience. This was before Ticketmaster wrangled control of the concert business and ruined it forever. Frampton Comes Alive is a stern rebuke to that, and the boy bands that now fill those over-priced, designated-seating arenas. Yes, FCA is a reminder of arena rock, but a reminder nonetheless.   <br />As for the reviewer's comment, &quot;to be caught dead with this disc in your collection then - even moreso NOW - would be an invitation to the worst kind of (deserved) ridicule.&quot; Geez, I'm not 13 anymore and feel quite secure in my decision to purchase this. So bring on the taunts, pal. My musical tastes are wide and varied and somehow this CD fits right in. <br />A great addition to any collection and especially for those who don't mind doing a little time traveling.
6305428220|5.0|Atmospheric, entertaining film highly reminiscant of Invasion of the Body Snatchers (and, to a lesser extent, The Thing), about six stereotypical school kids discovering that the population of their school are being posessed by aliens.  Right on track from the outset, with a first-rate cast, good sense of humour and some very memorable scenes.  Unfortunately, the third act veers away from being a brilliant horror-mystery-thriller-whodunnit and unimaginatively reverts to an Aliens-type action finale.  A shame, because it undermines the rest of the film a little, but it's still an excellent movie, much better than you might expect.  It's just a shame about the complete lack of extras on the disc (although the picture and sound quality are excellent).
0393312836|3.0|Okay I admit it, like another reviewer before me, I was drawn to the books' sadistic side.  If someone bans a book I sometimes have to find out WHY?  In my high school about ten years ago, we were not allowed the choice to choose books such as &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot;, &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;, or &quot;American Psycho&quot;.  I am 26 now and yes I became too curious and read them all.  Definitely didn't make me a bad person.  Would, (if I had) a 13 year old, allow he/she to read it too?  Of course.  Banning books just makes youth more curious.  Anyway, I liked &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;. It was wild to say the least.  I was instantly attracted to the use of an almost &quot;foreign &quot; sounding language the boys used amongst themselves.  I myself often wake up from dreams and realize that in them I was speaking in an unknown tongue....one my mind had created on its own.  The first few chapters are hard to understand but once you memorize a few words here and there the lingo becomes more clear.  Alex and his friends are delinquents. They drink &quot;milk&quot; which I immediately recognized as their drug of choice.  They beat up old people without reason.  They rape and even kill.  They live vicariously, showing no conscience or remorse.  They almost remind me of &quot;Jack&quot; and his pig-hunting pack from &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot;-Just living on pleasure and animal instinct.  I failed to finish reading &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;, not because I didn't find it a modern masterpiece, but because the violence was more hard to stomach than some Stephen King novels.  I finished at the point where Alex was kept in a &quot;hospital&quot; in attempts to reform him. These scenes in the book often brought back memories of Michael Crichton's &quot;the Terminal Man&quot;.  If you read the book I know you understand.  Someday I hope to stomach the book in its whole-even the edition with the exta chapter.  I would give it the five stars I know it deserves, but I gave only three until I finish it someday cover to cover.
B00003CXSP|2.0|Why did Italy want to cut some &quot;bloody&quot; scenes of this movie?! It's not brutal! Nearly NO blood! That Movie has NO Sense! The Story is brainless and the whole Movie is too long and soo boring! I really understand why Joodie Foster didn't want to put her talent into a Production as this one! This Picture shows us that Sequels are really bad! I was so excited to see that one but then I couldn't wait to go home! It ahs NO suspense!!!!
B00005AFVR|5.0|Here is a pristine document of one of the finest working bands in the history of rock music, performing some of the genre's finest songs. The album serves as a great tour through the Boss's career, including absolutely killer versions of his best songs. The first three songs are great, but things really start to cook on track 4 with a stunning reading of &quot;Atlantic City&quot;. The performance simmers and roars, perfectly complimenting the pathologly of rage, regreat, violence and despair within the song. The repeat of the chorus at the end with everyone singing is just chilling. They sound like ghosts. &quot;Mansion on the Hill&quot; is given a tropical treatment that plays up the wistfulness and longing in th tune... I could go on.  A stone-cold killer version of &quot;Badlands&quot; with agonized backing vocals that need to be heard to be believed. An extended, almost slo-mo take on &quot;The River&quot; is just harrowing, an equally loose reading of &quot;Jungle Land&quot; later on is redemtive. Quite frankly, the band, the songs and Bruce have never sounded better. He is in top vocal form, adding some haunting, high-lonesome yodels to some tunes. Any one of the songs on these discs is almost worth the price of admission. If you are a fan, you'll need these mind-blowing versions. If you don't have any other Springsteen discs, buy this first. Every sonsg is better than the studio version. Esssential stuff.<br />The recording quality is solid, really replicating the sound and feel of the live show. You can hear every instrument and every vocal part. I recreates the sense of space and energy wonderfully.
B00004YKUY|5.0|With the music world as it is today, we have to put up with a lot of bad music. What with Britney Spears, Nsync, Limp Bizkit, etc. around, I can't stand listening to the radio. Now, being a huge Journey fan, and an admirer of the man Steve Perry's voice, I admit I was a bit skeptical of there being a new singer, but I was astounded by what I heard...It all started with Remember Me,  a rock-ballad from the movie soundtrack of &quot;Armaggedon&quot; that defines Journey: positive rock. It is also the first ever song sang by a different Steve, by the name of Steve Augeri. Yes, we can all agree that there will be those die-hard Perry fans and whoever's that won't even bother listening to my post here, but what I have to say is to those of you in between or new to Journey. An opening &quot;thumping&quot; beat from the opening track &quot;Higher Place&quot; is only the beginning of what could be possibly the rock cd of the year. Just take a listen, make your decision then, don't be stingy, just trust me on this one. That goes for you too, critics! *Recommendations: The whole CD, this is THE reason why someone should buy a CD in the first place, not just for a couple &quot;hits&quot;, but for a ride that will open your mind, and take a Journey to a music world that will knock you on your...!
B00005AAFS|5.0|Well, well, well, it looks like Rammstein is back with full force. I've always enjoyed the over-top, bombastic sound that eminates from every Rammstein song, it had a very &quot;Laibach&quot; feel to it and with Laibach almost out of the picture, it's time for Rammstein to step up as the dark and brooding Spinal Tap that we all know and love. I've always known that these guys had a great sense of humor(their live show, and the lyrics), but with Mutter they take it to a whole different level. Most of the songs in the album deal with very, flowery, emotional and non-industrial/metal topics. It's as if Rammstein is playing a joke on all those kids who listen to their music cause it's &quot;german, loud and hardcore!&quot;. I giggle every time i listen to Mutter, because i imagine some 13 year old korn fan or mansonite thrashing away to this song, not realising that Till is singing about his mother, the irony is deliscious. Aside from the attributes stated previously, the instrumentation and execution are amazing, much better then Sehnsucht and Herzelied. Mutter has a much more diversified arrangment and texture then the previous two albums and Till's voice is an astounding achivement, give a listen to &quot;Sonne&quot; to discover his amazing range. In conclusion, i hate most metal bands, and Rammstein is the only band that's smart enough,funny enough, and talented enough to keep me entertained. So stop reading this horrid review, and buy the CD!
6305508550|5.0|I always seemed to have the bosses from hell in my own cubeville,  (work smarter, not harder was my last boss's favorite managerial buzzword) this movie captures what life is like for the average cubicle-dweller.  Thank you, Mike Judge.
B00005AFVR|4.0|Having not been around for the original run of the E-street Band, I was unaware of the power with which they played- After stumbling upon a copy of the 3-cd live concert compilation in my public library, I spent many hours pouring over Bruce's haunting stories of city life and running to get away from it all... I was delighted that they toured again just a year ago, and being unable to attend, I was even more delighted that they released this album!  Born to Run is the album highlight- perhaps a hidden track, as it does not appear on the album track list or liner notes. 41 Shots is haunting, a mantra of our American lifestyle... If I Should Fall Behind features the voices of the E-street Band, and closes the album on a memorable note.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Well fifeteen years and a lot of bootlegs since his last live album.  The band is older but they have matured as a group.  I saw the band 3 times on this past tour and they have come into their own as individuals and as a group.  The live album recaptured the feelings of the concerts.  Tenth Avenue made me smile, as I remembered the images of the Boss dancing across the stage like an evangelist, and his followers raising thier hands in belief. Mansion and brought back the goose bumps.  Youngstown became a favorite.  The rockers still rock.  If I Should fall Behind makes you realize the bands tightness &amp;  togetherness with each other and their fans and you realize you are a part of something special that will live forever.  And Lost in the Flood shows the band has never forgotten its roots.  This album is a rock and roll fans must.
B00005AFVR|5.0|What can I say? The Boss is the best and this CD captures the essence of the E Street Band tour last year. Its the closest one can come to actually being there. Five stars and more.
B00004XONN|5.0|Listening to Kid A evokes a satircal image from a Terry Gillliam film. The King Of The Moon's Head gleefully detaches from his body so it can pursue higher things.  The body tries to capture the head so it can continue to focus on more bodily functions. <br />Radiohead is the detached head and the body is the rest of contemporary rock music. <br />Kid A is unlike anything I have every heard before. It compares only slightly to the first time I heard My Bloody Valentine's Loveless or Scott Walker's Tilt. <br />And like those other records, once you get over the initial shock of how odd this sounds, you will be rewarded with one the best records ever made. I also consider O.K Computer equally brillant. Quite a feat for a band in an age where most bands blow their creative wad after record number one.<br />Kid A is also completely detached from time and at times Kid A feels like is has been around for 20 years. <br />Let me explain. Good classic rock gives a listener a great sense of history and mystery. There is depth to it. That is why you can play the bloody records add nauseum and not chuck them out the window. You cannot easily link it to a few music trends. <br />Kid A acts like this and more.  One famous music artist commented that Radiohead are so good at what they do because they have inhabited a different head space than most of their contemporaries and that the band feel very comfortable. Radiohead understand concepts most bands would have no clue or chance of &quot;getting&quot;. Kinda like Kubrick's 2001.<br />Buy Kid A. Give it several listens. don't scoff at the absence of guitars and be transported like Dave Bowman going into the monolith. <br />&quot;It's full of stars&quot; <br />end kdc
B000002GQE|5.0|I bought this CD at the recommendation of a friend, and I really enjoy it. I believe that this CD is like a rich pastry because  the music really sets the mood and describes each part of the day. I especially enjoy the poetry throughout and can appreciate how the poetry and music compliment each other. The message I get out of it is &quot;Live each day to the fullest.&quot;<br />If you like quality music and are tired of the stuff on most commercial radio stations, do yourself a favor and buy this delicious platter.
B00003CXMG|2.0|Beware spoilers<br />I think the reason &quot;Almost Famous&quot; was so widely praised was because there were so many people who grew up during that time period and recall it fondly.  Watching the film probably helped bring back good memories, the way &quot;American Graffiti&quot; would to kids of the early 60's.  The difference between those two films is that &quot;American Graffiti&quot; had deeper characters that you could identify with regardless of when you grew up.  &quot;Almost Famous&quot; doesn't have that, and that's where it falls apart.  Apart from Billy Crudup's character, there's no a whole lot of character depth going on here.  Kate Hudson's character is supposed to be more than simply a groupie, but the film fails to rise her above that.  Classic example: when she's told she's been traded to another band for a case of beer, her reaction is cute, but because she acts so blase about it, that's how we feel about her.  It's a pattern that occurs throughout the film that undermine it.<br />And while I'm sure most of the stuff in the film actually did happen to Crowe, it doesn't mean it can't feel contrived.  An Elton John singalong on a rancorous tour bus brings everyone together?  A near plane crash gets everyone to spill their guts?  There are too many &quot;movie moments&quot; like that that ring false.  A better film like &quot;Spinal Tap&quot; takes those cliches and uses them as commentary rather than content, which is where &quot;Almost Famous&quot; gets it wrong.  It's too worried about being nostalgic that all the bad things are ignored or given a palatable sheen.<br />And there's no sense of urgency in the film.  The afore-mentioned plane scene, Fugit's missing graduation, Hudson's hotel room scene: there's no real sense of danger in any of these scenes because the film refuses to go deeper into its subject matter.<br />Last complaint: I'm sure legally it wasn't possible, but if this is all based upon Crowe's experience, why not use those bandsrather than a composite band whose music you don't really learn anything about?  You hear about one minute of &quot;Fever Dog&quot; in the film.  How do you know the Stillwater is any good?  Or that Crudup's character really is a good guitarist?  You don't, and that's part of why the film lacks depth.  For a film obsessed with music, its main characters don't really make any of it. <br />I think people were so hungry for a halfway decent film last year that they globbed onto this one as brilliant just because of what it was based upon.  It isn't a brilliant film, and time will bear that out.  &quot;Spinal Tap&quot; and &quot;Woodstock&quot; are the greatest rock and roll films ever, because they already know music is something special, while &quot;Almost Famous&quot; spends all of its time trying to tell you the obvious.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Almost Famous is a delight from beginning to end.  Cameron Crowe's valentine to his youth is warm and very funny, touching without being sacharine, and beautifully written and played.<br />Newcomer Patrick Fugit is a terrific find as the 15 year old Rolling Stone writer, bright but inexperienced, innocent but learning fast.  Kate Hudson is enchanting as Penny Lane the premier &quot;band-aid&quot;. Frances MacDormand hilarious as the eccentric but caring mother.  Billy Crudup is charismatic as the lead guitarist and Jason Lee as the insecure lead singer. Philip Seymour Hoffman, again, does wonders with a small cameo role...indelible as the ascerbic and acute Lester Bangs. All the surrounding players are excellent.<br />As Cameron Crowe says in one of the extras on the DVD he likes to make movies about the &quot;small moments&quot; that change your life.  He has done so here.  All of it rings true, because it IS true...Crowe lived it and remembers with fondness  the people who helped shape him.<br />I don't know, if you don't like movies where stuff doesn't blow up every 5 minutes, this isn't for you.  And, if the characters have to be venal and crass or cruel and violent....give this a pass.  After all, the Academy did in favor of an empty formula epic (Gladiator).  But, if you like movies with people who are flawed but basically decent, and movies with a heart....this is your flick.  Oh....and great music too.
0066620694|1.0|This book is what happens when someone is in academia too long.....Full of simple customers preferences framed as vast technological survival of the fittest darwinian evolutions...the reason people want smalled disk drives is not capacity, its that smaller disks are easier to handle...the reason small rigid disks overcame floppies is that they are more durible...these product innovations are interations between the mass os consumer individuals and the product.....the reason japanese cars rock is that they get on from a to be and dont break....oowowwowowowo=wow!!!!!!! this is not darwin....the mental mastrubation and feeling wow im so smart i made a chart in this book are annoying.....the business school hierarchy is the ony reason guys like clayton have a job.........also businesses are greedy...compaq computers will never make a supercheap line of pc-s as one can get from a smaller outfit because they want large salws numbers and know other big corps need to buy in volume and have the pockets and size to not want to depend on the small guys for suport/returns/small corp out of biz.......so overpriced lines of pc-s are sols by the gross,....also some psychological/economic analysis cuts to the chase here also.....businesses are caught because they want to maximuize sales while science and mass production always lower prices and production costs as processes improve and the good reaches non-rare status.........computers are perfect business because programs get bigger so computers need to get bigger....if computers got smaller and programs faster ont eh same size RAM/Processor....then companies put themselves out of biz....as with phone compainies...you pay more tahn ever....and it is disguised behind extra &quot;essentail&quot; features like call waiting that &quot;add value&quot;....until housing is cloned so that all have it control with be the dollar...christiansen etc. are just hand wavers making a killing off the system...so deal..real politique rules the worldstill...viva feudalism....it will alst forever.........gws santa monica ca 4-4-01
B00005AFVR|5.0|Naturally, there are songs I think should have been left off, and others included, but overall, its a great product.  It's interesting to hear the differences in texture from the Live stuff in the '80's.  <br />However, the Amazon.com review mentions thate '&quot;Mansion on the Hill&quot; is given a curious (albeit lovely) Hawaiian treatment'  Hawaiian?  How about country/western! Either way, its a great take on the song.
B00004R7TP|5.0|I was very glad to find Kate had re-released Hounds of love with extra tracks!! For a start, Under the ivy is one of THE Best Kate songs ever made. Period. Be kind to my mistakes and Burning bridge are 2 brilliant upbeat tracks and Lagan Love is simply gorgeous. The remixes are good enough. If you liked the original album then this is worth re-buying for the new songs, also there are lots of new Kate pics, which is an added bonus!!
6305807086|5.0|If you want to see a movie that's suspenseful, highly entertaining, hilarious, and sexually bizarre, then you'll want to see Being John Malkovich.  The plot is way too complicated to explain, but they find a porthole into John Malkovich's mind and they can see what he sees, then after several minutes they land on a highway!  But it's what they see through John Malkovich's eyes that make the movie so bizarre.  I highly recommend this movie!  One of the best movies of 1999.
078322947X|5.0|I had never seen or even knew about &quot;Wages of Fear,&quot; the film on which &quot;Sorcerer&quot; is based. When I rented &quot;Sorcerer&quot; on LD in late 1998, I did so strictly out of curiosity about Friedkin's career at that point and my interest in Roy Scheider.  I had known a bit about the film's reputation: winning director goes bonkers after major successes, loses perspective, blows lots of money and makes forgettable, silly picture.  But &quot;Sorcerer&quot; is nothing of the sort. From the tropical, natural locales in Latin America and the absolutely gripping tension maintained throughout the film's final hour to the electronic music score and the rich characterizations provided by Scheider and the rest of the cast, this film is a wonder to behold. It has its own unique dreamy/nightmarish quality, reminiscent of classics like &quot;Black Narcissus&quot; and &quot;Blade Runner&quot; in that you are transported to another world as foreign and bizarre as any you can imagine, yet it is right here on earth (albeit in a faraway country). Of course, the storyline, which is built around the hopelessness and greed of a small group of desperate thugs, gives the film a noir flavor that is essential to maintaining the tension and adding to the mystique. I don't know that the film is Friedkin's best (&quot;The French Connection&quot; might take top honors in my book), but I think &quot;Sorcerer&quot; is certainly one of the '70s' best and most-interesting entries.
B000002MUQ|3.0|What can I say, I just wasn't very please the overall finished product.  Their hit single &quot;Can't Stop Lovin' You&quot;!?!  &lt;&lt;cough&gt;&gt; cheesy &lt;&lt;cough&gt;&gt;<br />It certainly doesn't live up to previous VH standards, let alone early VH IMO(I've said it before and I'll say it again...Sammy is no Diamond Dave!).  <br />Each to his/her own, I guess--a lot of people *do* like this album, so maybe you will too.  Try it out!
B00004YKUY|4.0|I like this album a lot.  I've always been a Journey fan, so I wasn't expecting to hate it. But Journey without Steve Perry?  Of course I was apprehensive.<br /><br />No need to be.  I've listened to it twice now and I think it's going to rank as one of my favorite Journey albums.  The ballads are great and the rock songs rock just the way you'd hope they would.  Neal gets off some great solos on here and all the songwriting is very impressive.  As for Steve Augeri - the man does sound a LOT like Steve Perry.  Nothing wrong with that. It works. This definitely sounds like a Journey album.<br /><br />Lots of potential hits here.  I hope radio stations give the album the airplay it deserves.
0440219078|5.0|Jonas, an Eleven when THE GIVER opens, lives in a Community where everything is meticulously ordered: houses look alike, people dress alike, each family unit includes a father and a mother (who can apply for one male and one female child). Children begin their volunteer hours when they are Eights, and the Committee of Elders assigns them their roles in the Community at the Ceremony of Twelves. Because the people have chosen Sameness, nothing in their  Community is unexpected, inconvenient, or unusual. They have no hills, no color, no cold, no sunshine. Their feelings are only superficial; their memories encompass only one generation. Pain is relieved instantly by taking a pill. They have abdicated choices.<br />The Receiver of Memory holds the position of highest honor within the Community, serving as the repository for the memories and knowledge of generations. Whenever the Committee of Elders are faced with a new situation, they are able to seek the counsel and  advice of the Receiver. They have the benefit of experience without having to bear its pain.<br />Because of his intelligence, integrity, courage, wisdom, and Capacity to See Beyond, Jonas is selected to be the next Receiver of Memory. The current Receiver, who has held the position for decades, then becomes the Giver. <br />Ms. Lowry paints a vivid picture of this Community. Referring to everyday concepts in a slightly unusual way helps to set that society apart from our own. Babies younger than one year are called &quot;newchildren,&quot; for example; children of the same age are &quot;groupmates&quot;; the elderly, the unhealthy, or those who have broken the rules three times may be &quot;released.&quot;<br />Why might parents or teachers consider THE GIVER inappropriate for their children? I can only speculate on this since I find the book profoundly original and commendable: <br />1. The setting being a community without freedom. It should be noted, however, that citizens relinquished their freedom years earlier in order to escape the accompanying chaos. They are perfectly satisfied with their arrangement and are not oppressed.<br />2. The family being depicted as a temporary sociological unit rather than a permanent socio-biological unit. Nevertheless, this family unit provides a very nurturing atmosphere. <br />3. References to &quot;Stirrings&quot; (sexual arousal). These occur only a few times in the book and are only vaguely described. Since Stirrings are forbidden in the Community, young people begin taking a preventative pill upon first experiencing them and continue taking it daily until they enter the House of the Old.<br />4. The idea of young people bathing the elderly of the opposite gender. This happens only once in the book. It is a gentle, caring, and (given the ages of the participants) asexual experience.<br />5. The concept of &quot;release.&quot; This pervades the book, but its meaning remains uncertain until Chapter 19, when Jonas witnesses a release.<br />I would think that for many readers these concerns would be assuaged by Jonas, the young protagonist who, in the course of his instruction, recognizes the advantages of previous systems and selflessly tries to better his Community. <br />Although there are aspects of this Community that we may find unsettling, we must remember that Lowry is not advocating this system. She is, in fact, inviting us to consider whether our own society has any of the characteristics of the Community that disturb us:<br />Do we attempt to make our lives pain free?<br />Do we attempt to erase unpleasant memories?<br />Do we use euphemisms?<br />Do we use robotic phrases, as for apologies?<br />Do we have anything resembling the &quot;House of the Old&quot;?<br />Do we have a ritual that might be called a &quot;Ceremony of Loss&quot;?<br />Do we attempt Climate Control?<br />Do we avoid talking about ways in which we differ from each other?<br />In our own Society, without a designated Receiver of Memory, that responsibility -- with its inherent pain and exhilaration -- falls to each of us. Vital questions for us to consider are Which memories will we receive? Which will we give?
B00005AFVR|5.0|The NY Times summed this concert up the best:<br />&quot;And while Mr. Springsteen performed some of his no-way-out songs-including a version of &quot;Youngstown&quot; that howled with desolation-the concert was not about compassion or fatalism.  It was about camaraderie and redeption.  Twice, Mr. Springsteen let songs stretch out and turned himself into a preacher, promising to spread &quot;the ministry of rock 'n' roll.&quot;  -- Jon Parceles, NY Times June 14, 2000
0790744295|5.0|Creepshow pays homage to the old E.C. horror comics that caused so much controversy in the 50's and eventually spawned the watchdog group the Comics Code Authority.<br />George Romero and Stephen King worked together to make this film and their mastery of their craft shows.  King wrote 5 solid stories here (some better than others). Romero wrapped them in a comic book style, fever-dream colors, and frenzied artwork backgrounds.  The effect is, literally, a film comic book.<br />Five stories are presented.  My personal favorite is &quot;The Crate&quot;.  Not only does it have the scariest monster and creepiest concept, but it also has amazing performances by Hal Holbrook and Fritz Weaver.<br />Lots of name stars appear in the film, including Stephen King starring as a country moron in &quot;The Lonesome Death of Jody Verill&quot;.<br />Anyone who has ever gone to a local House of Horrors around halloween and come away disappointed, was probably hoping for an experience like the one that Creepshow delivers.  A nightmarish, colorful, disturbing spookfest that sticks with you, even after you turn off your television.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Californication is a great album. Probably my favorite out of all my CDs. Here are the reviews of some songs:<br />Around the World - Great hard rocker/rap song. Good opening track as well.  B+<br />Parellel Universe - One of my favorite songs ever, this one sound alot like Around the World only more rock and less rap.  A-<br />Scar Tissue - Overrated in my opinion, this is a moderatly slow rocker. Good the first few plays, but it gets boring VERY QUICK. C<br />Otherside - Great song. Sound like Scar Tissue but better. B+<br />Get on Top - Nothing special. I usually skip it, its too funky. D+<br />Californication - A great passionate rocker. Softer than Around the World and Parellel Universe, but harder that Scar Tissue and Otherside. One of the best on the album. A<br />Easily - Another passionate rocker that sound alot like Californiction, but slightly harder. A great song.  A<br />Porcelain - EXTREMELY slow, but is a nice pickup to the harder Emmit Remmus. This is the albums halfway point. The sound seems to change in the second half.<br />Emmit Remmus - Along the lines of Around the World and Parellel Universe, this song starts the second half of the CD, which is full of underrated, great songs. B+<br />I Like Dirt - Sounds like a faster paced Get on Top. A little bit of an improvment. C-<br />This Velvet Glove - A moderate song. B-<br />Savior - A great song that sounds like Easily. A+<br />Purple Stain - Average. C+<br />Right on Time - Sounds like early Peppers. D<br />Road Trippin - Great Finisher. No drums though. B
B0000509C4|4.0|I was a big fan of the first Creepshow, so I went to Creepshow 2 the weekend it hit theaters.  My reactions are mixed.<br />I am a big Tom Savini fan.  He is actually a pretty good actor, especially considering he gained fame as a makeup artist.  Tom appears as &quot;The Creep&quot; in the wrap-around story.  Unfortunately it doesn't carry any chills and they should have kept the Creep from the first movie.  Also the animation is pretty bad.<br />&quot;Old Chief Wooden Head&quot; is the first story presented and despite another great George Kennedy performance, this episode just doesn't deliver.  You know what is going to happen from the first time you see Kennedy talking to the wooden indian.<br />&quot;The Raft&quot; is the reason this gets 4 stars.  Despite my opinion that Creepshow was better as a whole than Creepshow 2, &quot;The Raft&quot; is by far the scariest story in EITHER movie.  I read the story this was based upon before I saw the movie and thought it would make a great story for &quot;Tales from the Darkside&quot; or another TV horror anthology.  I'm glad they waited and put it in a film.  Four teens are stuck out on a raft in a lake in early Autumn.  Along comes a floating black glob of gunk that can dissolve flesh and seems to be guided by an intellegence.  Where did it come from? Who knows? Who cares?? It's extremely creepy!<br />&quot;The Hitchhiker&quot; is a little better than &quot;Chief Wooden Head&quot;, but not by much.  A lady accidently hits a hitchhiker, killing him.  She drives off frantically and you can kind of guess what happens from there.  The ending was especially poor.  It's like they didn't know how to end it, so they just gave up.<br />So, watch this for &quot;The Raft&quot;, but get Creepshow if you want a more rounded out movie.  If this movie was called &quot;The Raft&quot; and only contained that story, it'd get 5 stars from me.
B000002KAT|5.0|Without a doubt THE essential Van Morrison album, Astral Weeks is simply amazing.  The music moves and breathes and gallops and splashes across you in waves.  Some of the best bass playing on any album, rock, jazz, whatever;  but then all the musicians are world class, and the songs are great, as well.  There are other great albums by Van the Man, and other timeless songs, and all of them deserve exploration - but this is the statement, the desert island disc.  This CD should really be in your collection.
B000053NYB|5.0|If my parents hadn't rented it and let me borrow it for the night, I would have never picked it up on my own. I mean, come on ~~ what girl would want to read about a has-been prize fighter? This is one of the best movies I have yet to see this year ~~ full of passion, glory, eloquence and poetic photography. <br />Carter was framed for a murder he didn't commit ~~ all because he was black. And from the first scene, I guarantee, you will become hooked. You will become embroiled in a man's fight for survival in one of the harshest places in the world ~~ where a man is not even human. You will feel the rage and hatred he has felt for the white race. And you will feel despair, anger and even hope. And it will make you want to believe that the justice system isn't always wrong ~~ that on occasion, the truth will come to light after a long battle. <br />Denzel Washington portrays Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter with conviction, passion and eloquency. He will take you inside of a man's mind on a horrendous journey in a life filled with anger and hate. And you will grow with Carter throughout his life span. <br />I don't know much about Civil Rights movement like I should. I did read the require reading when younger, but it doesn't become personal to someone who has never experienced racial prejudice. This movie, however, is making me think and helps me become more interested in one of the most troubled times in the 1900s. It has made me more aware of just how bitter and cruel the fight that all African-Americans have fought ~~ and they still cling to that fight ~~ even now, when things are supposedly better. <br />I highly recommend this movie to anyone. It is a thought-provoking movie ~~ one that shouldn't be taken lightly. I can guarantee that Washington's talents will take you along a journey that you will never forget.
014028009X|2.0|What a disappointment. I just read Animal Husbandry, which is a very similar story, a better read, so maybe I was burnt out on this topic. It had the same formula of a best girlfriend and gay best friend who just seem to be at her beck and call 24/7, never understanding what was the draw to her. She is not a likeable or insightful character and the whole business with her mother was just too unbelievable. I had some mixed feelings about the weight entries - why is she considering herself fat at 130?  I know that women have distorted views about themselves but I just could not relate (maybe there was a mix-up in the metric conversion!?)
B000056K04|1.0|I'm so profoundly disappointed in what they've done.  I thought Dave knew that MTV's TRL wasnt the measure of great music.  Now that they've lumped themselves with the overproduced, undertalented pop legion that is today's radio, I'm just sad.  I've listened to the Lillywhite sessions and I know the old Dave and co. are still there.  I guess anyone can be distracted by more tangible successess like number one singles and whatnot, but I hope they get back on track.  I dont wanna wish the same fate on them as I do the rest of top 40 radio.  Come back to us dave...
B00003CXQY|5.0|The Emperors New Groove is the only movie I actually went to see 3 times at the theatre.  Each time I went I laughed so hard I cried.  I am not a huge Disney fan and I truly dislike 101 and 102 dalmations, but The Emperors New Groove was totally different.  This movie appears to be written for David Spade's cocky sense of humor.  Way to go Disney!  (finally)
B000056K04|1.0|I'm so profoundly disappointed in what they've done.  I thought Dave knew that MTV's TRL wasnt the measure of great music.  Now that they've lumped themselves with the overproduced, undertalented pop legion that is today's radio, I'm just sad.  I've listened to the Lillywhite sessions and I know the old Dave and co. are still there.  I guess anyone can be distracted by more tangible successess like number one singles and whatnot, but I hope they get back on track.  I dont wanna wish the same fate on them as I do the rest of top 40 radio.  Come back to us dave...
B00005ARDC|4.0|The self-titled debuet from BRMC is a balenced project which emphisizes the lack of realness in industrialized reality.  Using rock 'n' roll as a vehicle, BRMC attempts to use their mind and spirit to create change from within the cognative dissonance that is our world. Having said this, the most pure moments on the LP are when the trio taps the vein of rebellious energy.  Throw all analyzations out the window and make some sanity through music.  This is something that cannot be created through a crafty marketing stratagy, nor can it be encapsulated on one lone recording.  BRMC is reminding us that music is a movement, instead of a product.  The future is vast field of potential for this movement.  BRMC reminds listeners of this truth.
B00004YKUY|5.0|... I am a Journey fan, own all of their albums from the 1975 self-titled debut, and have only rated a handful of albums (with fingers left over) 5 stars.  Arrival is a 5 star album.  I have owned the Japanese import of Arrival since November and I have continually listened to it on a daily to bi-daily basis ever since I got it.  There are no bad songs even though some are better than others but that all goes to one's personal tastes in style.  Journey covers every style and then some with this 73:58 in length, 15 track album.  I gave the import 4 stars because it was a bit ballad heavy and lacked more rockers which the band has been trademarked for.  This release of Arrival changed that.<br />Of course there is the dreaded Steve Perry issue.  When I first heard 'Remember Me' from the 'Armageddon' soundtrack w/new lead singer Steve Augeri on vocals, I honestly did not know it wasen't Perry until much later.  Of course that was three tours ago w/Augeri as well and I can assure you the injection of new blood with both Augeri and new drummer Deen Castronovo, in addition to the groups songwriting being in the finest form it has ever been in, Arrival is a landmark album for a group that has seen and done it all.<br />The rockers such as the single 'Higher Place', 'Signs Of Life', 'Nothing Comes Close' &amp; 'To Be Alive Again' are all in both the old school tradition vein of classic Journey rockers mixed with a new age sensibility that is all but extinct from the current trend of so called rock music today.  On the other side of the token 'Loved by You', 'Livin' To Do', 'Live &amp; Breathe' and 'Kiss Me Softly' will for years to come be considered among the most powerful and artistic ballads the band has ever pulled off.  I give an exceptional nod to the first two of those above mentioned.  'Livin' To Do' especially is a refreshing step back to the progressive nature of the band's first three efforts pre-Steve Perry.  'Loved By You' is easily a show stealer here-- so beautiful and emotional in both its' message and musicianship that one would be hard pressed to find a more original, captivating ballad anywhere in the world; attribute that to the song's two man show of Jonathan Cain's brilliant piano playing and Augeri's demonstration as to why he does excel over Steve Perry in certain areas of the group's music.<br />The record ends with 'We Will Meet Again' which is an outstanding piece of work as well as it offers up the opportunity within its' 5+ minute running time to allow all of the band members to get a piece of the action individually but by the song's end bring them all together collectively leaving the &quot;new&quot; Journey sound resonating with all.  Bottom line- for any Journey or non-Journey fan alike, 'Arrival' is without  question one to add to your music library which I assure you will pay for itself for many, many years to come.
038533348X|4.0|Cat's Cradle, a novel be Kurt Vonnegut, is a science fiction novel. In this story, the main character (who is also the narrator), Jonah, meets many interesting people on his journey to successfully write a book. He encounters many new things, such as a new religion, and a new way of living. Jonah's book, along with an article he needs to write for the magazine he works for, leads him to San Lorenzo. There, his life takes a very interesting turn, and because of this, his life will never be the same again.        Kurt Vonnegut has many highlighted points in his writing. In the novel, he writes as thought he was thinking. He doesn't always write in perfect English. This makes reading, for the most part, easy. However, at times, it can be difficult to understand. Vonnegut also uses an extensive vocabulary. There are words that he uses that I could not define without a dictionary. He also makes his chapters very short, which I find makes for much easier reading.        I believe this novel was very good and I enjoyed it very much. As I read Cat's Cradle. some very vivid pictures were painted in my head which, added to the overall effect of the book. I would recommend this to anyone in the reading level of a fourteen to sixteen year old. However, this would provide as entertaining reading to anyone over the age of sixteen as well.
B000000YG5|4.0|I'm too much of a neophyte jazz listener to add anything to the other reviews regarding the actual performance.  But for a &quot;remastered&quot; version, the sound quality leaves much to be desired (hence the 4 stars).  I'm guessing they used the master tape for a clothesline at some point.  The overall sound quality is clear and full, but there are lots of glitches.  In particular, there is the occasional sound fart in &quot;St. Thomas&quot; and &quot;Strode Rode&quot;, and about 2 minutes into &quot;Moritat&quot;, the ambience changes for about 40 seconds, which I can best describe as having a somewhat weaker left channel.<br />Although distracting, by no means should this discourage you from buying this essential CD, but you may want to be on the lookout for (or lobby for) a re-remastered version.
B0000025F7|5.0|Even though \\"Off The Wall\\" came out before I was born, I still think this is one of the greatest albums ever put out.  I mean, c'mon... it's Michael Jackson, who so happens to be my favorite artist.  You have hits like \\"Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough\\", \\"Rock With You\\", and \\"Off The Wall\\", but in my opinion, \\"I Can't Help It\\" is definately the best song on there. It's Michael's best slow jam.  You can tell it's a Stevie Wonder song, but it has a Michael Jackson rhythm, which is why it's in my \\"top 10 favorite songs of all-time\\". \\"Off The Wall\\" is definitely Michael's best and one the greatest r&b/pop albums of all-time because it wasn't just a solo album, it was the beginning a starting point of a musical icon that will never be surpassed.
B000002WYT|5.0|Dave's best work in the studio ever, not often an artist will produce an album ensuing Under the Table and Dreaming.
0380977273|5.0|The beauty of reading this classic and many other earlier great sci-fi/horror novels is the ability of author to clearly convey a compelling and fascinating story by using brevity.  Unlike today's mega author's who feel the need to prove their prowess by writing 1,000 page tomes, or stories with trilogies ( with amusingly more than three books), the early pioneers could tell a story using a third of the words but with three times the impact.  If you've ever read a Stephen King book (and I enjoy King) then read this book,  You'll be amazed at how much Stephen King owes to Bradbury.  Take a step back and enjoy the writing, not just the story.  You almost feel like you are reading a long poem.  There are many excellent horror and sci-fi writers today, but it's refreshing to go back and read this Bradbury classic and remind oneself why he is considered to be one of the masters.  Read and enjoy.
B000002JSJ|2.0|Really a disappointment. Achilles last stand and nobody's fault but mine are good songs. But this album does not rock. A far cry from stuff like 'heartbreaker'. The verdict:<br />Sorry guys. It's all over.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I personaly think that this is one of Rammstein's best cd's yet!  I bought it the day it came out in the U.S.(April 3rd) as soon as I could find it!  I've listened to it several times through already and have to say that song after song, it just gets better and better!  It's a great mix of Techo and Metal, just like the other Rammstein CD's which are done very well in a way that only Rammstein can!  The sound effects in this  especially stand out!  They are done just perfect to mix with the guitar and drums!  And just like the other Rammstein CD's, it's got it's really upbeat songs, and its slower songs!  So far on this CD, my favorite songs would have to be Mutter and Mein Hertz Brennt!  I believe that this CD is going to go over very well in the US over the next few months!  I know everyone says, &quot;Why buy it?  We don't even know what they are saying!&quot;  but it doesn't matter because they make up for it in the music itself!  The way that Rammstein mixes metal and techno is just unbelievable!  I just want to let you know that I myself don't know German yet, but I am actually taking a German class just to learn what they are saying!(and yes I know that they have lyrics, but it's not the same)  I think Rammstein is a great band and has done very well for themselves!  Go buy the cd!  I guarentee that you'll like it if metal and techno are your type of music!  I hope I helped you out!
0553282980|5.0|I did not get a chance to read the whole book but watched the movie. It is a movie that I would recommend to everyone I know. It is filled with real life lessons that change your life. Mr.Keating is played by Robin Williams and he does a wonderful job. He not only touches the heart of his students but also the watchers. We learn about Carpe Diem and how we should apply it in our lives in a safe way. Neil is an example of how tragic things can end when as a young student one tries to exercise Carpe Diem and deal with pressure from parents at the same time. Through the other students we can also get different points of views about Carpe Diem. The time frame is different and very well portrait with a mixture of great actors and music. One can relate to the actors in such a way that one becomes involved in their lives. Everyone should see the movie and learn to live life to the fullest.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Much of the debate seems to center around the new singer Steve Augeri.  But the issue is pretty much immaterial.  The fact is that Journey has returned with a fantastic album, full of enormous catchy hooks, a sleek production, and fine performances.  Augeri is a wonderful singer in his own right, as anyone who has seem the band live in the past few years will tell you (that includes me).  Just listen to Higher Place, Signs of Life, or Nothing Comes Close....vintage Journey rock.  They still have their trademark ballads (eg, All the Way) , but Schon &amp; co. evidently made a bit of an effort to rock out more and it shows.  <br />As for the naysayers who seem to automatically discard this awesome disc because Perry is a no-show, the evidence is plain &amp; simple.  &quot;Trial by Fire&quot; the comeback album with Perry from almost 5 years ago, while not an awful disc, was a bit of a turkey.  Face it, Perry may have been an important ingredient of the band, but songwriting and other aspects of playing and production come first.  Trial by Fire left much to be desired, and here we have a superior disc...it's not about Perry or no Perry, the music as a whole is just so much better, and the quality of the record is far more consistent.  Now, I know that Perry has an army of devoted fans who fawn over him and adore the guy to no end (mostly housewives who drool over him in Michael Bolton fashion).....and although the man truly has a golden voice, this record proves that Journey can continue in fine - nay, better - form without him.  Augeri's voice is certainly golden too, and is quite similar anyway, so Perry isn't missed.  <br />Want further proof?  Just go listen to Perry's Greatest Hits disc..which spans a solo career of 2 albums (plus a few demos and such so the buyer doesnt feel utterly ripped off).  The Golden Throat is everywhere on that disc, fantastic singing, but the songwriting - bar a few exceptions such as You Better Wait - is generally very substandard and sometimes even drops to the level of being boring adult contemporary schlop.  This isn't meant as an attack folks, Im just trying to illustrate that Perry isn't as essential as some make him out to be as the previous Journey disc with him was almost mediocre and this one is tremendous.  <br />If you're looking for huge melodies &amp; catchy hooks that make you feel like you simply must sing along this one;s for you.  Instantly infectious.
038533348X|4.0|Kurt Vonneugts Cat's Cradle is carried along by a group of captivating characters, which include a scientist, Dr. Hoenikker, and his 3 awkward children. A religious man, sugar giants, and a beautiful woman are all found on San Lorenzo. These characters carry the reader from Ilium in the Midwestern United States, to the small island of San Lorenzo in the Caribbean, to the ultimate destruction of the world using a new, mysterious substance. The symbolism portrayed makes this a wonderful book that will absorb a reader completely. This book is recommended to anyone 15 and older.
038533348X|4.0|I thought Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut was a creative, entertaining, humorous and unique novel that dealt with science, religion and politics.  The narrator is a writer aspiring to compose a book about what people were doing the day the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, Japan.  He begins his investigation through communicating with one of Frank Hoenikker's (the father of the atomic bomb) three children.  His investigation brings John, the narrator from Illium, Illinois to San Lorenzo to finally the destruction of the world.   John meets Frank Hoenikker's three children on his way to San Lorenzo.  Here, he found his religion and becomes president.  John encounters the end of the world due to a substance known as &quot;ice nine&quot; invented by Frank Hoenikker.<br />Cat's Cradle was an intriguing novel.  The ideas of Bokonists were fun and also the way Kurt Vonnegut connected all of his characters.  His short and witty chapters made the reading go by quickly.  His style of writing and creativeness kept me hooked.<br />I recommend Cat's Cradle for ages 14 and up.
0783225970|1.0|The only bad reviews that I see on this site for this movie are regarding its violence and bad language. This is not what is wrong with this film. The plot is what is wrong with this film! There is no more violence and bad language in this movie, than in any other crime flic. Here are the problems with the plot (or lack of):<br />-Campy 80's music and keyboard sound effects give the movie a cheesy Miami Vice feel.<br />-Tony Montana is a Cuban name?<br />-Michelle Pfeiffer plays a 1-dimensional character who is a selfish b****. There is no character development and she becomes very annoying very fast!<br />-The movie jumps to a scene where Tony just happens to be counting money in front of undercover federal agents. No explanation is given as to how he met these agents. I mean, if you were going to count illegal money infront of someone, wouldn't you want to know them quite well? Anyways, he gets busted.<br />As a result from his bust, he goes to Columbia to get some help from his associates (the feds want to put him in prison). His associates will get him off the hook if he helps take care of someone in NewYork. Ok, sounds reasonable huh? Well, it turns out that you can't hire people in the US to kill (well according to the movie's logic), so they have to bring back some scary-looking / mad scientist guy (who doesn't speak a word of english and sticks out like a sore thumb) to do the job.<br />So Tony, the now billionaire drug lord, is driving around in a station wagon (Tony's driving) trying to kill some guy. Now if you had all of that money, wouldn't you hire someone to do this, to keep your hands clean?<br />The scary-looking guy plants a wad (and I mean wad) of C4 explosives under the guys car. We see this guy driving around with a wad of C4 the size of a football under his car. Now I would assume that in the real world they would fall off due to the weight.<br />Now get this! They don't rig the explosives up with a timer or rig them up to the ignition of the guys car... they have it rigged to a remote control and they must follow this guy's car to make sure that he doesn't get out of the range of the remote!!!<br />Tony ends up shooting the scary-looing guy in broad daylight (in the middle of NewYork city) because he didn't want him to blow up the man while his familly was in the car. Here's a contradiction... a ruthless killer with a conscience and morals.<br />The movie then forgets all about the part in the plot where Tony is supposed to go to prison. I guess the feds don't care too much about major drug lords. Come to think of it, we don't see too much of the feds in this movie.<br />-The final scene where Tony's sister comes in out of nowhere, wearing only an open nightgown and talking about incest was quite idiotic to say the least.<br />-The gansters climbing over the walls with ropes in the final scenes... Is this Batman? It was like watching &quot;Enter the Dragon&quot;.<br />-The dozens of gansters in Tony's house at the end. Where did all these guys come from? This is where the movie turns to Rambo and Tony pulls out his M16 and start killing people in masses.<br />It may sound funny... but try watching this mess of a plot for three hours!
B00005A1PR|5.0|This album is AWESOME. Every track has lyrical and melodic gifts. Real Music exists and it's not always what you hear on the radio. She is a deep sista and gives you some things to marinate on. Listen to this with someone you love or someone you like who need to know that you see the God in them. My favorite tracks are READY TO LOVE and BEAUTIFUL. Both bring tears to your eyes if you let them.
0385040253|5.0|A great little book for the novice to get an upper hand on the knot problem. Learn quick and you are ready to go sailing with the best of sailors.
B000002G89|4.0|This is a really nice record from Clapton, one of his best, but &quot;Layla&quot; is still his most solid work, also the album where he sings best. Could do without &quot;Steady Rollin Man&quot; and &quot;Mainline Florida&quot;, but some of his best songs ever are here, like &quot;Give me strength&quot;, &quot;Let it grow&quot; and &quot;Please be with me&quot;. A bit uneven but very good indeed.
6305546789|5.0|Wow!  This movie is just plain great.  And owning it on DVD makes it that much better, since it makes the graininess of the 1978 film a whole lot less grainy.  This movie represents the Horror Genre.  This is just plain scary.  A great, subtle sound track that is terrifying in its simplicity.  This movie invented the masked killer.  John Carpenter knows all about subtlety, and he knows it works.  You'll see plenty of it in &quot;Halloween.&quot;  The special features are fun to watch, especially the &quot;Unmasked 2000&quot; Featurette.  After you watch this movie it will last in your head for a long time.  Buy it.  Do yourself a favor.
B00000JZJ0|4.0|I give Brian Yuzna tons of credit for taking on interesting projects. I cant wait to see how the Faust movie is going to look. Jeffrey Combs is a very overlooked actor. He has that B-movie spark of Bruce Campbell and a talent for playing loonies. The movie is worth watching just to see him rave and rant about. His performance in the frightners made the movie a ton more entertaining. I say you should watch every movie he is in but Bride is a good one to start with.
B000056K04|4.0|Having never bought a Dave Matthews Band cd before I really can't compare this to their previous albums, but I must say that I am very glad I chose to start by purchasing this one.  I have enjoyed all of this band's radio singles, but never bought a cd.  Recently I was looking for something new and fresh to listen to and &quot;Everyday&quot; has proved to satisfy that search.  If I were to compare this collection of songs to any other band I would have to say they remind me of U2's new cd &quot;All that you can't leave behind&quot;. And Dave Matthews vocals on this cd remind me of Colin Hay from Men At Work.  If you have followed Dave Matthew's music over the years then this cd might disappoint you since some people's expectations tend to be too high.  But if you are like me and just want something enjoyable to listen to then pick up this cd. I find myself humming these songs all the time now.  Listening to &quot;Everyday&quot; has caused me to now be a Dave Matthews Band fan and I am considering purchasing their other cd's.  These guys are talented.
B00005AFVR|5.0|This CD is truley amazing.  It brings to life the energy and greatness of Bruce Springsteen and the E Street band both in concert and in general.  Tracks such as &quot;Born to Run&quot; and &quot;Jungleland&quot; are even more awesome live than they are on the original albums.  This CD is truely one for the ages.
B00005AFVR|5.0|The pimp's main prophet Jon Landau presciently wrote circa 1974 that he had seen the future of rock and roll...and music devotees can all breezily recite the ensuing Springsteen saga. Live in New York City isn't a Delorean ride back to the future, it's Living Proof that the future is still now. This disc represents the culmination of the wildly successful 1999-2000 world tour of the Boss and his comrades, the inimitable E Street Band, bulked up by the return of Sopranos guitar star Little Steven Van Zandt. Designed to provide a sampling of the power and energy generated by the legendary live shows, this amalgamation of tunes showcases the wide range of styles offered by Springsteen and the E Streeters. Land of Hope and Dreams and American Skin (41 Shots) are the two new previously unrecorded original Springsteen works.  Both are &quot;classic Springsteen&quot; cuts; dramatic mid-tempo rockers with pace changes, thunderous crashes and consequential lyrics. While the disc culls material from Springsteen's bountiful oeuvre, you will not find rote rehashings of old music.  Prove It All Night, with Springsteen sharing dueling howls with Steve before launching into the frenzied coda, is alone worth the price of admission.
014028902X|5.0|our whole family enjoyed this book aloud, and we heartily second all the expressions of enchantment and tears.  Our 8 and 11 year olds cried at the dual parting at the end of the book, the Durrells leaving Corfu and yes, the book ending for us.  Truth be known, we all had tears.<br />If you are considering homeschooling, as we do, this book can be reassuring to parents that there can be learning without school.  I was proud of my children's appreciation of the book, and felt it set a good and accessible example for them of the wonder with which we can view the world, learning from nature and appreciating the human and other living inhabitants.<br />The dynamics of the family with each sibling carving out their own niches are lovingly and humorously described and will probably ring true with your own family.
038533348X|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle is a fantastically witty narration of an author's bizarre encounters as he goes about collecting material for his book, The Day the World Ended.         Through the voice of the narrator, Vonnegut lampoons organized religion and creates an imaginative science fiction story in which a new atom called &quot;ICE NINE&quot; that has the potential to destroy the world.       Vonnegut's ideas are expertly assembled to create a masterpiece of science fiction and humor that holds together and is extremely entertaining.
B00005AFVR|4.0|If you saw Springsteen on the recent reunion tour then you'll appreciate the album but wonder why he chose to include the songs he did.  Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out is great but you have to listen to his sermon in the middle of it.  American Skin and Land of Hope and Dreams are good new songs.  American Skin follows in the pattern of recent Boss songs such as Dead Man Walking.  I've heard better versions of Born To Run, The River, and Prove It All Night.  However, it's nice to have live versions of Prove It All Night, Jungleland, My Love Will Not Let You Down, and Ramrod.  Youngstown is one of his best newer rock songs.  The real gem of the album is Lost In The Flood, a great live version of the song off his debut album.  Overall, a good live album but Springsteen needs to start releasing new material that he has kept locked up.  After seeing him twice on the tour I was disappointed that several songs did not make this album.  Where is Backstreets, Spirit In The Night, Blood Brothers with the new verse, E Street Shuffle, and New York Serenade?  It would also have been nice to have songs from other concerts that he rarely played:  Rosalita, Sandy, Mary Queen of Arkansas, New version of Dancing In The Dark, and Incident on 57th Street!  But that's always been the problem with Bruce.  Never gives us as much as we need.  This album should help break the gap between Tracks and his next studio album.  Bruce is still great and enjoy it, even though he never gives us enough!
059035342X|5.0|Harry Potter was a very famous child but his fame was unknown to him until his eleventh birthday. Harry grew up in a closet with a brat for a cousin, Dudley.  Harry makes you feel sad and glad for him at the same time.  You are sad because he is mistreated and yet glad because he is at least not like the people who are raising him.  Harry manages to get a few on them also as the plot thickens.  Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon have their work cut out for them when they try to keep Harry from his real mother and father's former school, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft.  We see Harry in his attempts to make his stand many times in this book. He becomes brave and courageous and you would never believe he was treated so miserably due to his very warm and considerate treatment to his friends.      This story communicates many themes.  The most prevalent theme is that of loyalty.  Hagrid's loyalty to Harry's parents saved Harry from a cruel existence.  The loyalty and honor of the friends that Harry made at school was expressed.  The loyalty and admiration that Professor McGonagall and Dumbledore expressed for  Harry and his parents was extremely enduring and strong.  Other themes are friendship, companionship, child abuse, and of course self worth.      As a media specialist I highly prefer this book among other fantasy due to the areas involved in the book such as loyalty, peer relations, child abuse, social skills, honesty, and just plain good literature for young adults.
052594527X|4.0|The year is 1664 and 16 year-old Griet is sent to work as a maid in the Vermeer household where she is scorned by some and tolerated by others. A wonderful portrayal of life in the times of the famous Dutch artist as witnessed from the eyes of a young girl mesmerized by a greatness beyond her reach.<br />Though the author does not paint Vermeer in a very favorable light, he clearly portrays the egocentric expectations of a great master who is solely wrapped up in his work. The characters are interesting and the story flows well to an ending that is to be expected. It is the glimpse at human nature and the creative process of this great artist that is so enjoyable. That and a young girls love and respect for her master. A wonderful book.  Kelsana  4/04/01
B00003CWTI|1.0|I'm glad I waited until it came out on DVD to see this movie. .Why?<br />Because the movie was so boring (over three hours of pure snoozing pleasure!) that every time I nodded off during this yawner I was able to go back start watching again from where I dozed off.<br />After all, this was such a highly acclaimed film that I owed it to myself to give it every change possible.<br />The fact is, it didn't matter.  This movie didn't work on *ANY* level.<br />In fact, I honestly do not think that there is a point to this movie aside from Anderson's exercise is self-importance and film-making exhibitionism.<br />And the lack of a director's/writer's (both Anderson) commentary track on the DVD is a dead give away in confirming this His &quot;symbolism&quot; wouldn't hold up under deep scrutiny, make that ANY scrutiny.  I mean what would he have said when the frogs come?  &quot;Here's where I really show people how awesome of a director/writer I am.  People will be so confused and taken aback by this, that they will mistake me for genius and think that there's actually some deep and profound meaning to this movie; when in actuality, I've just fleeced them for...... bucks/person at the theater and ..... bucks a pop on DVD or home video.&quot;<br />.......................As Nietzsche wrote about the difference between \\"being deep\\" and \\"appearing deep\\" .................. \\"Whoever knows he is deep, strives for clarity; whoever would like to appear deep to the crowd, strives for obscurity.\\"<br />Pretty much says it all!!  Because this movie opted for the latter in the worst way I've ever seen make it to the big screen.<br />This movie was dumb and pretentious.
0783225792|4.0|The Plot: (A film review by Christopher Null - Copyright  1995 filmcritic.com) &quot;Casino is the tale of Sam Rothstein (Robert De Niro), the best of the old bookmakers, who is hand-picked by his mob bosses &quot;Back Home&quot; to go to Las Vegas to run the Tangiers Casino. Sam has to contend with managing the bosses' skim going out the back door, cheats at the tables, the law breathing down his neck, and strung-out hustler Ginger (Sharon Stone), whom Sam falls for, and, despite his better judgment, eventually marries. Add to the mix Nicky Santoro (Joe Pesci), who basically reprises his role from GoodFellas as a &quot;problem solver&quot; with a temper from hell, and it's pure chaos in the high-glamour world of 1973 Las Vegas.&quot; (End quote from Filmcritic)<br />Casino is another amazing Scorsese flick.  Using the same type of methods he used in Goodfellas, this movie is worth it's weight in gold purely for the directing.  His narrative's are great, and watch for his unique technique of freezframing scenes with a voiceover.  Goodfellas is an even better example of this.<br />This DVD isn't jam packed with &quot;extras&quot;, but why do you buy movies anyway? I give the &quot;extras&quot; a &quot;C&quot;, although if you want amazing &quot;extras&quot; you should DEFINATELY check out American Beauty on DVD, but that's another review.<br />The audio track is perfect.  Scorsese uses a lot of music to enhance the film, so the Dolby Digital really does kick but.  A+ for the soundtrack.<br />The feature has a widescreen track, and is clear and crisp.  Scorsese uses brighter colors than he did in Goodfellas, and I rate the video an &quot;A&quot;.  Really, unless a DVD was totally botched up, I can't see giving it a lower grade for video.  People that notice slight degradation of these things have a lot more to worry about than the fact that their movie was ruined by a slightly grainy picture in a scene or two, which I didn't notice in this picture, but have noticedin one or two other movies.<br />The movie itself is 3 hours of enjoyment.  Some long movies get really boring, and so much is added filler that should have been taken out.  This is not the case with Casino.  The movie keeps you interested the entire time. 4 Stars, a must see for those really into gangster movies.
B00003CWTI|1.0|I CANNOT EVEN BEGIN TO DO JUSTICE TO EXPRESSING HOW BAD THIS MOVIE WAS!!<br />IT WAS *THE WORST FILM* I HAVE EVER SEEN!!<br />Don't get me wrong . . . a lot of &quot;B&quot; movies and homemade/local public access cable movies are probably worse than this in many ways.<br />But they don't have &quot;big name&quot; professional actors and actresses to take part in their productions.<br />But &quot;Magnolia&quot; did, and it still stunk so BADLY!!!<br />Over 3 hours of the worse possible dialogue and characters and satire imaginable.<br />This movie stunk.
B00005A1PR|3.0|unlike alot of People a Debut Album doesn't get me all Hyped.if that were the case then though it was His First Adult Album Michael Jackson had made other Albums Before Off The Wall but that was His First Adult One&amp;Needless to say there hasn't been a Debut like that Since.that's in a Class all unto Itself.now as far as India Arie goes?? She has solid Music&amp;Vibe.Vocals&amp;Lyrics are Hit&amp;Miss at Times but Musically She is On Point.I Believe Her Next Album will better Reflect Her Growth as a Artist.this is a Pretty Good Start with Her Vibe.but it's kinda scary how quick folks are to jump on someone's first Album?? for me it takes a few Albums to get Proper direction of any Artist.this is a Good Start.
B000001EAQ|5.0|U2 most Daring Album ever.People that followed U2 since the 80's will never understand that you CAN change with the Times. This Cd contains &quot;The Best-your-face lyrics&quot; U2 has ever produced. The Music is outstanding and the sounds are controvertial. From &quot;Discotheque&quot; (Their first single) I knew they meant business. &quot;Do you feel loved&quot; their second song in the Album is a great example of the in your Face attitude I refer before.While listening to &quot;MOFO&quot; I felt like I was Racing in a NASCAR Event.  &quot;Last Night on earth&quot; Is a Great Song(And Anyone that saw U2 POP Live from Mexico City Knows what Im talking about).&quot;Staring at the Sun&quot; is an Instant Classic.&quot;Gone&quot;is my personal best!&quot;If you wear that velvet dress&quot; Is U2 most Sexy song since She moves in Mysterious Ways.&quot;Please&quot; is a very good track also,For those of you who like more than one  version  of your songs,this track has some great versions that you can find in Singles and remixes! &quot;Wake Up Dead Man&quot; While not the best Track but still a good one. &quot;Miami&quot;and &quot;Playboy Mansion&quot; If you live in Florida(Like me) you will get a kick out of this 2. In Conclusion Their New Album was made for Fans that couldnt live with CHANGE. But this Album is an album with an EDGE! Dont let this one get AWAY!!!!
0679721037|5.0|This timeless classic about the first hand account of the dropping of &quot;the bomb&quot; on Hiroshima. Everyone should read this quick and shocking read. Not for the weak of stomach!
B000002UWE|5.0|OK, I'm writing this review principally because I'm disturbed by the other reviews. Sure, &quot;It's My Life&quot; and &quot;Such a Shame&quot; are swell songs, but if that's where it ended, Talk Talk would not be particularly important. It's the second half of this album that is groundbreaking and timeless. This compilation gets 5 stars from me because it's such an interesting journey from their early pop hits to the experimental tracks on &quot;Spirit of Eden&quot;. Pick it up, and then get &quot;Colours of Spring&quot;, &quot;Spirit of Eden&quot;, and &quot;Laughing Stock&quot; -- essential albums for anyone interested in music.
B000002UAR|3.0|The songs: Taxman, She Said, Doctor Robert, &amp; And Your Bird Can Sing are all great songs. Here There &amp; Everywhere and Eleanor Rigby are syrupy and orchestral; not even representative of Beatle music. Yellow Sub is stupid, Tomorrow Never Knows is chaotic. They combine to create an average album.<br />Its Status: This album is so overrated it's pathetic. I was around at the time of its release, and it was different from other albums at the time - no doubt about it. But to continue to state that this 35-year old recording is the best album of all time is simply nostalgia in action. It's not even the best Beatle album. Abbey Road, for example, is demonstrably better.<br />Since its release there have been many albums, far too numerous to mention in their entirety, that have had better total content, completeness and breakthrough chracteristics than Revolver by both the Beatles and other groups....END
B00004X01U|4.0|...While not as good as her previous record, &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, Madonna's deeper, ever maturing voice definitely stands out against wonderfully groove-inducing music.<br />The strongest songs on the album are the three singles that have been released thus far. &quot;Music&quot; is the real standout. The bass  is as explosive as an atomic bomb, and the tinkering with the vocals is a nice touch. <br />So, what keeps this album from receiving five stars? Some of the lyrics are really awful. Track two has this problem more than any of the other songs. I can't recall the lyric off the top of my head, but it goes something like: &quot;The universe is intertwined, all of nature ebbs and flows&quot;. It seems like something a truly awful (or maybe very stoned) poet might write. <br />Despite some troubled lyrics, &quot;Music&quot; is ear candy of the highest order, and I would recommend it to any Madonna fan, or someone looking to become one. It's as good a starting place for a Madonna collection as most of her other albums. So, ignore some lyrics, enjoy the music, and let it take you away to a special place....
0812551508|5.0|I read this book almost entirely in one sitting.  It is haunting, and beautifully written, well worth it's title as a classic.  The only horror book I would ever reccommend, because of its messages about human nature.  We are on the verge now of cloning human beings.  Perhaps we should re-read this novel first, before we become Frankensteins ourselves...
6305807043|5.0|I had forgotten how good of a movie this is.  This film is an example not just of Great actiing but incredibly original writing.  Just see this film Because it is one of the funniest and Greatest films of all time.<br />DONT MISS THIS ONE!!!!
B000056VIY|4.0|J Lo is a decent and very well-packaged sophomore effort to her debut on the 6. Jennifer's popularity has greatly risen and her movie profile (Wedding Planner) and music profile is pretty creditable with her tons of hits.   Like &quot;Love DOn't Cost A Thing&quot; from this delicious album and i'm not talking about the cover =)... her album was very well-executed and slick she got top producers and wonderfully   catchy songs that will be playing on the airwaves for while.. love don't cost a thing is a certified huge hit already.   Buy the album it's hip it's J Lo and it's not all hype. =)
B00004W5UA|5.0|I could go into a lengthy dissertation on what this movie was about and why it was so Great but face facts everyone knows this movies is AWSOME so either buy it or rent it, but make sure to get it!!!!!!<br />You won't be disappointed.
0060930187|5.0|Plath has sharp insight into the catty &quot;why-bother&quot; view of the world as many suicides see it. In turns humorous, serious, and philisophical she savages the expectations of women in the 1950s the powerlessness of adolescents in that pre-scripted world.<br />Gender roles are more flexible today in no small part thanks to the proliferation of this book on college campuses in the late 60s and early 70s. It is readable and challenging. Only decades after it's creation, many of it's phrases are among the most familiar in English literature.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I have listened to OK Computer every day for the last 3 years, and still I am admiring it's brilliance. Even without digesting any lyrics, you will be rolling on the floor mumbling obscenities. Surely the best album I have ever had the pleasure to listen to.
B00000705Z|5.0|This is my favorite album (at least right now) by the fabulous Pet Shop Boys.  I don't know why some don't like it, there's a variety of songs and sentiments.  Red Letter Day, the 1st single, is instantly likable.  I also love To Step Aside, the melody is wunnerful.  Honestly.  Also, Up Against It, Discoteca, Single (Bilingual), Somewhere, Sat'day Night Forever and Electricity are great songs.  Electricity is especially avantgarde.  Who knew we'd hear the regrettable Disco Tex and the Sex-e-Lettes mentioned in a song?  In any event, buy this album.  It's awesome.
6300183971|1.0|Did this movie make any sense whatsoever to anybody who had not already read the books?<br />Did this movie fail to disappoint anybody who HAD read the books?
B000002UZ4|5.0|This collection is utterly brilliant.  All these songs are excellent, save DJ Culture.  Yes, do buy this album!  Where is/are their Grammy(s)?  My God, how can Milli Vanilli win a Grammy and not the Boys?  Unbelievable.  All you've heard is true, these songs are great.  My particular favorites are It's A Sin, So Hard, Was it Worth it? &amp; Domino Dancing.  This is a fine collection from the most underrated group and the best pop duo ever, Pet Shop Boys!
B00000IAU3|3.0|I agree with a lot of what Ian Creamer said below.  This is a very listenable CD, one you can put on in the background and that does not demand much from you.  There are some brilliant moments on here...when Dido is good, she is very, very good...but when she's not she's mediocre and occasionally elicits a cringe or two.<br />Hunter is one of my two favourite songs on here.  It is well constructed, catchy but still full and mysterious and the lyrics are original but relatable.  This is Dido at her best.  The song is about wanting to leave a relationship, but being afraid to.  Here With Me is my other favourite song...wonderful music, simple but effective lyrics and perfectly gleefully desperate.<br />I agree that the song Thank You sounds better in Stan...it seems to have a fresher sound and more of a mystique to it.  Nonetheless the original is still a very nice song. Her voice is wonderfully expressive in it, intoning just perfectly in the right places. Other songs that are quite good are Honestly OK, My Lover's Gone and My Life...all are simple and sweet, not over-ambitious but not cliched.  Take My Hand is quite good but tries a bit too hard.<br />I don't think Dido has any awful songs on here, but there are awful moments in some. Sometimes the music is quite bland, which is surprising considering that Dido has classical music training and that the songs had co-writers. The editorial review singled out Don't Think of Me as being a 'clunker'...I don't dislike the song...it immediately appealed to me in terms of its music and its energy.  But the lyrics are a bit repetitive and uninteresting.  The lyrics also definitely have that cringe factor in this song.  What makes it worse is that its sentiments are repeated in too many songs here.  It gets dull to take the same subject - her lover leaving her - and give it only a mild twist to make a new song.  I prefer to hear an album that draws from a range of emotional experiences and stories.  My Lover's Gone is the best 'he left me' song on here and it makes Don't Think Of Me and All You Want seem unnecessary.  It's My Life also repeats some of the territory of Don't Think Of Me, but in a more successful way. I'm No Angel is another forgettable but pleasant enough song...but it's lyrics are just repeating ideas found elsewhere on this album.<br />Isobel is quite good...although as a huge Bjork fan I find it unforgiveable to name another song Isobel.  Bjork's Isobel is a marvel, but Dido's is just OK.  The beat of this song is also very very suspiciously Bjork-like, which irritated me.<br />Finally to the song I dislike the most, Don't Slide...it starts off quite well but the chorus is abysmal.  Some of the songs and lyrics on the album gave me the feeling they could have done with more work...when you hear how brilliant Dido is capable of being, the average words or music sound like once she hit on something that sounded half-decent, she settled on it.  The chorus of Don't Slide is the epitome of this.  &quot;don't slide, don't slide, don't slide, sli-i-ide&quot;.  OK, repetition can be used in a deliberate and interesting manner, but this is not the case here.  The chorus sounds almost comical, as if you were goofing around casually singing a couple of words, and were just spontaneously trying to make them into a tune. The song would have had a better feel if the chorus had been left out.  It doesn't suit building up to the music of the chorus, and then the lyrics spoil it further.  <br />I do feel the album is worth getting, for the sheer brilliance of the good songs, and for the pleasantness of the other songs.  Dido's voice is lovely and understated and unique...most of the time it is perfectly suited to what she sings, but occasionally it is annoying and sounds like a less capable and less edgy Sinead O'Connor.  I think that the entire album would appeal to people who like the rough edges softened, who don't like to be challenged too much by lyrics and are satisfied with slightly different takes on lost love, and like the gentle feel of Dido's music.  People who are a bit more discerning will love her few excellent songs and be able to tolerate the rest of the album (at least for a few sittings - I'm starting to skip songs when I listen to it).  She has a lot of potential...her upcoming song 'Don't Leave Home' is amazing and I think her music will mature in the future.  The main progress I would like to see her make is expand her lyrical content and overcome that immature 'lyrical arrogance' that assumes every moment of her rather narrow emotional life will make an interesting song.  I hope she continues to develop more interesting lyrics like 'Hunter' and 'Don't Leave Home'(about a drug seducing an addict), both of which get right into a moment and bring it to us in a fresh, beautiful and original way.
B000024QML|4.0|This is an excellent album by a superb pop duo, Pet Shop Boys.  My personal favorites are Can You Forgive Her?, Dreaming of the Queen, Yesterday..., To Speak is a Sin, One in a Million and, of course, the irresistable Go West.  It has been said that this is the PSB's finest work.  I am in the minority that prefers Bilingual.  Different strokes for different folks.  I find I have to be in a certain mood to listen to this CD.  Nevertheless, I certainly don't regret buying this album and encourage others to do the same.  Go West!
0783235968|5.0|Great fantasy of baseball nostalgia, family relationships, and unfulfilled dreams.  The key word is &quot;fantasy.&quot;  Forget logic,  suspend disbelief, and you will do fine.  The gentle sentiment and warmhearted humor of the movie cover a multitude of unlikely plot developments.  Ray Kinsella (Kevin Costner), sort of an updated version of Jimmy Stewart's &quot;every man,&quot; embarks on a seemingly foolish task inspired by a ghostly &quot;voice&quot; to convert his cornfield into a baseball field.  Amy Madigan is both comical and frustrated as Ray's wife, an aging activist from the '60s.  As a kooky ex-radical, she initially supports the goofy idea.  Upon mature reflection, however, she worries about the income needed to save the family farm.  Things take on a definite other-worldly quality when Shoeless Joe Jackson (Ray Liotta) and other old-time players appear on the mist-shrouded field and play ball.  Adding to the mystery, the &quot;voice&quot; directs Ray to a reclusive writer (James Earl Jones).  He is drawn kicking and screaming into Ray's real-life fantasy, until he becomes intrigued by the possibilities.  Burt Lancaster is excellent as Doc Graham.  Doc's demise 16 years before our story doesn't stop him from playing an essential role in the plot.  50 years ago he yearned to be a baseball player, but a career in medicine got in the way.  Ultimately, the mystic ball field represents the yearning in everyone to find a peaceful place where dreams come true, and lost opportunities are found.  The fade-out displaying a long line of cars driving to Ray's field makes this point nicely.  Relax and enjoy the fantasy. ;-)
B000002NIW|5.0|This is the Deftones best album in my opinion.  That's probably because I like the hard fast driving songs a bit more than mid tempo rockers, but I digress.   Chino has a great combo of singing and screaming in this album, both done well.  His vocal range is pretty impressive.  These guys show a lot of ability in changing song speeds and dynamics. Mascara slowly draws you in, while Rickets lauches out of the gates and never lets up.  Most all of the choruses hook you in well, and they can just plain tear it up any time they want.<br />Great CD by a great band.<br />Favorites:  My own Summer, Around the Fur, Be quiet and drive, and Headup.
B000002LFU|3.0|GREEN is REM's most difficult album for me, varying between captivating and tedious, pointed and pointless.<br />REM's first major-label release (as pointed out by every other review here), GREEN is loud, glamorous, and brash, a total departure from the indie production of their earlier release DOCUMENT. In fact, DOCUMENT seems incredibly modest in comparison.<br />However, REM's songwriting remains almost as strong as on DOCUMENT, though a tad overambitious. &quot;You are the Everything&quot; is a poignant recollection of childhood. &quot;The Wrong Child&quot; is a laudably original song about being handicapped. &quot;Orange Crush&quot; is a slightly-nonsensical critique of the Vietnam War. &quot;I Remember California&quot; bridges the gap between indie and major-label well.<br />However, there are a few misses. &quot;World Leader Pretend&quot; comes across as cold and unmoving. (In fact, I believe that it was conceived as a happy song, but Stipe regrettably saddened it.) &quot;Stand&quot; is so sappy and sugary that it pains me to know that many people identify this as a exemplar REM track because of its radio play.<br />GREEN is akward and obviously catches the band in a transitory period. 3 stars is, I believe, it's deserved rating.
B00004TL21|4.0|I'll admit, I thought this album would sound much different.  I was thinking more of an &quot;Around the Fur&quot; style.  I was wrong, which isn't a bad thing.  You never really want to hear the same album over and over and over again, and if you do, then you don't really know enough about music yet.<br />The Deftones seem to tone down a bit on this album compared to other releases, but after a few listens you realize that they haven't really toned down, the music is just more subtle.<br />Chino sings much more on this album, and he shows off a very good ability to do that.  But when he wants to scream he knows how to do it in a way that sounds good instead of getting tiresome.  Lyrics are also improved and they seem to mean a lot more than previous albums.  <br />Music is also done very well.  Everybody in the band knows how to rock out, and how to soften up.  It's all done very well.<br />My favorites are:  Digital Bath (just a great, great song), Change, Passenger (great vocal work by Maynard of Tool), and Elite
B00005AFVR|5.0|But this immediately !!!!  It's worth it alone for Prove It All Night. Additionally, you get a great version of Jungleland. The Boss proves once again that the E Street Band and himself are the greatest live performers ever !!!!
B00005AFVR|4.0|This 2 CD set was recorded on two of the later nights of Springsteen's long stand at Madison Square Garden in New York in June &amp; July 2000.  Several shows were filmed, and HBO produced a program consisting of footage shot on June 27 and June 30.  This recording is essentially the soundtrack for the televison show, with seven added tracks.<br /> This CD is a nice keepsake for fans.  It's a good, but not great edited performance of a representative set from the 1999-2000 tour (Its good to remember that these are not necessarily the best shows of the tour, it just happened to be the shows that HBO was recording them).  These were among the last dates of Bruce and the E-Street Band's &quot;reunion&quot; tour that lasted fifteen months, with breaks.  There are no revelations here for Springsteen's hardcore fans, and this will all seem a bit too familiar to those who have been trading, buying and selling bootlegs of every show from the tour.  The sound is very good, but not that much better than the best &quot;boots&quot; available.  The booklet is adequate but nothing extraordinary; it seems to thanks everyone within a three-mile radius of the concerts.  Its also worth noting that this is not a complete concert, and that some familiar songs are not to be found here.  The standard Springsteen show was edited down for television, then additional &quot;bonus tracks&quot; were added to fill out the second disk<br /> Of special interest will be the songs not previously available, such as the powerful &quot;41 Shots,&quot; a song inspired by the police shooting of an unarmed man, and the anthemic &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams.&quot;  Radically rearranged versions of older songs like &quot;Born In the U.S.A.&quot; and &quot;Youngstown&quot; are also worth having.<br /> The E Street Band sounds great, on what may be their final shows with the Boss, and Springsteen features the members in larger roles than on previous tours.  Springsteen himself sounds great.  This is worth having, but perhaps it could have been done better by offering a single great show from the tour, rather than a soundtrack of the television show.aving, but perhaps it could have been done better by offering a single great show from the tour, rather than a soundtrack of the television show.
0944379044|5.0|Mein Kamph is an ingenious work straight from one of the most intelligent minds (albeit twisted and warped) of our century.  Most people will complain of the book's legnth, choice of language and topics, and its sometimes illogical arguments.  But you must remember that this book is not a check list of how to do things.  I compare it to The Polotics (Aristotle) and the The Prince (Machiavilli).  It is more of a text book than literature.  It offers Hitler's plans, ideas and suggestions.  This Book can be very dangerous in the wrong hands, but very inlightening in the right ones.
0060975768|5.0|Having served 27 months in Pleiku Province in 1968-1970, I was always mindful of that dark valley on the lower left of the province map marked Ia Drang, where very bad things had happened to the 1st Cav Division years before.  This is the book that makes those bad things come alive for all to see, to understand, and even to experience in some remote way.  This book is moving beyond comprehension.<br />Lt. Gen. Harold G. Moore and Joseph L. Galloway are owed a debt of gratitude by every veteran for recording these events.  Certainly the men who walked in, flew in, and supported LZs X-Ray and Albany are owed an even larger debt for what they endured.  But their due would have no measure without this book--this tribute of love--having given form to their days in hell.  Not since Bernard B. Fall's &quot;Hell in a Very Small Place&quot; has any book captured the courage, fear and grime of battle so completely as &quot;We Were Soldiers Once, and Young.&quot;<br />Many things stand out in my mind about this book's account, but three head the list.  <br />First and foremost, one simply must stand in awe of the courage and brotherhood of the common soldier under fire.  He did uncommon things with uncommon valor, and Hal Moore and Joe Galloway captured that essence with vivid clarity--on page after page after page.  <br />Secondly, like the men on the ground, the Huey pilots loom larger than the lives they touched.  They did what had to be done under the most horrifying of circumstances, and they did it because brothers out there needed it done.  In the Ia Drang, they did the impossible routinely and set the standard for those who followed them.<br />Thirdly, I was deeply moved by the tribute the authors paid in the book's Prologue to the enemy they faced in the Ia Drang.  I faced the 66th PAVN Regiment for two years.  They were highly motivated and as courageous as any soldiers who ever took the field of battle.  The Ia Drang was their introduction to South Vietnam, and yes,they were a worthy enemy.<br />To all of these men, friend and foe, I salute you and thank you for your sacrifices.  You are owed more than you can ever be paid.  To Hal Moore and Joe Galloway, I owe you my sincerest thanks for your service and for this book--and a tall cool one on demand.<br />If none of this makes sense to you, read the book.  Then it will.
B00005AFVR|5.0|I got the bootleg of this concert a while ago, and when I heard this CD was coming out, i wasn't expecting it to be much different, But i was blown away!!!! The sound quality is incredible for a live recording, and is good as most studio recordings. The setlist is also great, and i think Don't Look Back is a great rarity, and i'm glad its on the CD! It was great hearing 41 Shots and Land Of Hopes and Dreams with this level of sound quality for the first time. The 16 minute epic Tenth Avenue Freeze Out shows what a Springsteen concert is like, which wasn't really shown on the 75-85 boxed set. In the song, Springsteen introduces the band and promises to spread the &quot;ministry of rock and roll!!&quot;. The darker version of Born in the USA is a great redition of a classic song. Its true meaning becomes starkly clear, something that was lost in the original version. Born To Run was a great suprise, because its not listed on the CD. Go out and buy this CD, it pleases hare core fans, and also to newcomers.
0783117523|5.0|Angelina Jolie is a true star.  She can take any character and become that person.  In this movie she became Gia.  She portrayed her in a way that no other actress can.  This is a very touching film.  Gia's life was harder than anyone could have imagined.  This is a must see movie, and Angelina Jolie is the best actress around!!!
B00005A1PR|5.0|Pure satisfaction guaranteed.  India Arie is a very talented young lady.  Her songs appeal to your soul.  It is tasteful and full of meaningful verses.  It is my type of music.  If you like, Sade, Jill Scott, you will dig India.  Brown skin, Video and Promises are my favorite songs.  My 5-year old daughter loves the song video and said that she was glad it did not have any bad words.  This is music the family can enjoy.  It is nice to listen to music that is appealing to everyone who comes in contact with it.  My husband said he even liked it!!!!  Go buy and help the sister reach the top!!!
B000056HOZ|5.0|Bruce Springsteen and his songs stand for everything every young guy dreams about ... and every young guy fears. Songs by Bruce Springsteen are the reason to pack your girl on the back seat of your motorcycle, cool wind blowing in your faces. I practically grew up with the Boss, listening to his songs with passion and intensity, and still feel the wind blowing in my face when I turn up the volume of my stereo, still feel my girl sitting behind me on my tuned Honda, while listening to the Boss. There is something special about his music, a reality that captures your mind and your heart, making you face the hopes and dreads of a whole generation. From Born in the USA, No Surrender or Atlantic City to Born to Run, these songs have a story to tell and you better be listening. When I think of it now, there is no other band or singer I lisented to in my youth, that survived the whole way to being grown up. This DVD is essential, it is rich, it is intense, but most of all it is full of heart. Buy this together with Blood Brothers.
0452273331|5.0|I bought a copy of The Fountainhead at a used bookstore.  At the time I had never even heard of Ayn Rand.  After reading The Fountainhead I began searching for information about her and was surprised to find how prolific she was.  Most people either love her or hate her; no middle ground.  Rand has been much criticized for events in her personal life.  Let me just say that if all philosophers were discredited on such grounds, there would be few who could withstand such scrutiny.  Human beings aren't perfect.  Rand's mistakes in her personal life do not detract from her brilliance.  Her support of logic over emotion is just plain good sense.  She encourages everyone to be self-sufficient and to base their decisions on reason rather than blindly accepting what others would tell you is right based on their own agenda.  However, don't take my opinion or that of anyone else.  Simply read the book for yourself and draw your own conclusions.  Even if you don't agree with Rand's philosophy, the story is riveting.  But I must say that the validity of her ideas is illustrated every night on the six o'clock news!  Since reading this book I have viewed politics, philosophy, and human relations in an entirely new light.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Almost Famous is the best movie I've seen since The Hurricane. It features great performances, great humor, and an excellent story that's true and original(unlike Gladiator). I couldn't help but envy the main character. This is undoubtedly the best movie released last year. It deserves more than just an Acadamy Award for the screenplay. Ask Roger Ebert or the guys from the Oxnard Star(see the Time Out section from March 23). Look at the sales of the DVD. Just because the itiots at the Academy did not give it a Best Picture nomination doesn't mean that it doesn't deserve it more than any of the films nominated this year- and possibly last year too. Buy it.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Arrival is great rock music. Rockers, ballads - everything a Journey CD should be. Yes, it may take some &quot;getting used to,&quot; but is a great CD in it's own right. This is a NEW Journey. It is every bit as good as the &quot;old&quot; Journey, just different. I have been a Journey fan for many years now, and was dissapointed when such a great band was not making music together for many years. Then the &quot;Vacation's Over&quot; tour came. I went to see them, and was awe struck. Every member of the current Journey lineup is awesome in their own right. This incarnation of Journey should be appreciated for what it is. Remember - there, for many years, was NO Journey at all!! Let's be thankful that one of the great American rock bands of all time is back again making music, released a wonderful new CD, and will be playing concerts.
B00005AAFS|4.0|Garnering some national attention after their song &quot;Heirate Mich&quot; appeared on the soundtrack for David Lynch's &quot;Lost Highway&quot;, the German outfit Rammstein has sold well in the States, despite the lyrics being exclusively in German.  The intense guitar riffs of songs like &quot;Buck Dich&quot; and &quot;Engel&quot; served to be popular, and the video for &quot;Du Hast&quot; even got some MTV airplay.  Rammstein seemed poised to break into the American market big time.<br />And with their latest album, Mutter, they have done everything right.  Containing their powerful, trademark guitar as well as more diverse music and lyrics, this is Rammstein's best album by far.  A few songs contain a string orchestra, and Till Lindeman does more singing than his previous gutteral growls.  Fans of their previous albums (Herzeleid and Sehnsucht) will feel right at home with &quot;Mein Herz Brennt&quot;, the single &quot;Sonne&quot;, and &quot;Feuer Frei!&quot; -- these licks are as exhilirating as anything they've done.  However, the songs are not reliant on the guitars, as the orchestral arrangements and further use of electronics contribute more mood to the songs.  This musical experimentation is a rousing success -- another step that's not too ambitious, but just right.<br />Lyrically, Mutter is incredible.  A great album just based on the music, when the songs' meanings are discovered, it becomes one of the best albums of the year.  Rammstein fans should do themselves a favor and get a German/English dictionary -- you'll gain new respect for these guys.  The lyrics are just as diverse as the music:  the creeping evil of &quot;Mein Herz Brennt&quot; (one of Rammstein's best songs ever), the Apocalyptic imagery of &quot;Sonne&quot;, the eerie and haunting &quot;Spieluhr&quot; and &quot;Nebel.&quot;   And in case you were wondering, yes, the sexually deviant content is here as well:  the hilarious &quot;Zwitter&quot; (&quot;Hermaphrodite&quot; -- trust me, it'sa riot) and &quot;Rein Raus&quot;.<br />Rammstein's Mutter deserves to be a huge hit.  Perhaps a song in English would have been welcome to further their exposure, and an album with such fantastic music just cries out for an instrumental track or two, but despite this, Mutter is by far the most accomplished, diverse, and powerful album by Rammstein to date.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Still the best.  Saw the two shows in Denver and this brings back great memories from those shows and the 35+ I saw over the last 25 years.  Don't pay attention to the playlist, intentional or a typo? Nice surprise.
B00000612P|5.0|Rod Stewart's Every Picture Tells A Story is generally rated as one of the greatest records in the history of rock.  In his book, The Top 100 Rock 'N' Roll Albums of All Time, Paul Gambaccini listed the album at number one.  I'd disagree with Mr. Gambaccini that it is the best of all time, but it is among the elite.  From beginning to end, every song is superb and he takes the sound from Gasoline Alley to another level.  The title track is opens the album with a bang.  The song is filled with descriptive and vivid lyrics and Mr. Stewart sings it with passion and fury.  &quot;Seems Like A Long Time&quot; slows things down and has some very poignant lyrics.  He does a roaring take on &quot;That's All Right (Mama)&quot; clearly inspired by Elvis Presley's version of the song.  It sounds like it could have been recorded in some barn in the south.  The song segues into a sampling of &quot;Amazin' Grace&quot; in which Mr. Stewart's gravelly voice gives it a degree of solemnity.  &quot;Tomorrow Is A Long Time&quot; is another Bob Dylan cover that has a cool keyboard sound. &quot;Mandolin Wind&quot; starts off slowly and then builds to a fiery crescendo.  The Faces join the party on a funky cover of The Temptation's &quot;(I Know) I'm Losing You&quot;.  &quot;Reason To Believe&quot; is a cover of a Tim Hardin song, but Mr. Stewart makes it all his own. &quot;Maggie May&quot; is the song that has become the album's definitive song and a radio classic.  As a double A side with &quot;Reason To Believe&quot;, it became his first number one single and as the album hit number one at the same time, he became the first artist to simultaneously hold the number one single and album in both the US &amp; the UK.  Though he would continue to record excellent music and have albums that sold more copies, Rod Stewart never release a more influential or important album.
B00003CXRM|5.0|George Clooney's incredible in this picture as Everett McGill. Coen regulars Tuturro and Goodman give there usual great preformances. The music is outstanding from the Soggy Bottom Boys to bluegrass and jazz. If you're a blues fan watch out for the Robert Johnson reference.
B00000612Q|5.0|Rod Stewart's fourth album had the unenviable task of being the follow up to the all-time classic Every Picture Tells A Story.  While it is not on the same level, Never A Dull Moment is a superb album.  The album opens with the endearing &quot;True Blue&quot; and closes out with a roaring take on Sam Cooke's &quot;Twistin' The Night Away&quot; which was tailor made for him.  In between the album is another excellent mixture of acoustic based music that is his trademark.  &quot;Italian Girls&quot; is a fun song and he shreds his voice on a impassioned cover of Etta James' &quot;I'd Rather Go Blind&quot;.  &quot;You Wear It Well&quot; was the big hit on the album and it has a loping sound infused by a violin.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I still don't believe this film didn't win the Best Picture Oscar. Soderburgh and Benicio Del Toro definitely deserved their Oscars. It's wonderfully filmed, performances by everyone stellar, especially Michael Douglas' daughter.
B000007MVL|5.0|I'll make no bones about it. I am definitely a Kate Bush fanatic!There is something weirdly wonderful about this women's song writing and four octave voice.There are two reasons I am reviewing &quot;Lionheart&quot;.One it is one of my favorites from her cannon of albums. The second is because over the years it has become fashionable for music critics to slag it as being not up to par.This comes from the fact that back in 1978, it was rushed out into the marketplace shortly after the enormous success of her first album &quot;The Kick Inside&quot;(which took two years to produce). The Ideal that this album is sub par is ridiculous.It contains many classics from the Bush repitoire. My personal favorites are the opening tracks &quot;Symphony In Blue&quot; and the fairytale like &quot;In Search of Peter Pan&quot;.In fact the whole album gives the aura of a &quot;Brothers Grimm&quot; tale.It's a perfect CD for a gray, rainy day.Other standouts include &quot;Kashka From Baghdad&quot;(a rather funny, voyeuristic story)and &quot;Hammer Horror&quot;(Kate's tribute to the old Hammer horror films).Lastly we can't forget the album's single &quot;Wow&quot; which cryptically is about the life of a stage actor.This CD is wonderful!Don't think about it...buy it right now!
0671510991|5.0|A book written by this gentleman is a masterpiece, the opportunity of knowing him really enlightens your mind and wisdom. It's a big book though, but a big amount of knowledge.  2 thumbs up!...END
B00000K19E|2.0|Let's start with the plot; it's basically Dark City (a GOOD scifi film) without any of the good stuff about Dark City. The entire nonsense philosophy that everyone thinks makes the movie so deep is hundreds of years old and stupid to boot.<br />The acting was subpar. Keanu Reeves couldn't act his way out of a paper bag. The other actors, while competent, were not particularly good or entertaining.<br />The special effects were good, and that's the reason I gave it two stars. Some awesome computer work here.<br />Overall, a piece of crap. Do yourself a favor and watch Dark City or The Truman Show instead.
0671042734|5.0|If you've read this masterpiece by LeCarr then you would know why I think he is the greatest spy novelist ever.<br />   The story is one of treachery in the &quot;Circus&quot;(which LeCarr dubiously calls his Secret Service).  LeCarr having worked in the Secret Service (both MI5 and the SIS) for 15 years knows all about treachery.  Indeed his Father, a ritzy-glitzy con man, betrayed him.  Having experinced all this, you get in this novel what most others don't have:authenticity.<br />   George Smiley: &quot;One of London's meek who do not inherit the Earth&quot;, &quot;small, podgy and at best middle-aged&quot;.  Is a seemingly unremarkable character.  Not particularly great-looking or glamorous or physically well built or anything else.  The worst insult he can hurl upon a man is &quot;you pompous featherhead&quot;.  Yet beyond this inconspicuos shroud lies &quot;one of the no-men of no-man's land&quot;.  <br />    He spends his time trying to forget all that he has learnt for they are only painful ones (his wife having cheated on him numerous times, having innocent people killed, meeting traitors who he was intimate with) but his past comes back to him in that a few fellow &quot;old Circus&quot;'s approach him with a request: find the mole that has buried himself deep into the upper echelons of the Circus for 30 years.<br />It is a trademark of LeCarr's that he tends never to give us a happy ending in his novels but that is not him being cynical merely trying to communicate to us his messages about Life.  Smiley has all of his old friends under suspicion: Roy Bland, Toby Esterhase, Percy Allelline, and Bill Haydon.  We find Smiley going over some very, very old ground with some very painful and unhappy memories.<br />When Smiley catches the mole we are left breathless at his skill and his wonderful ability.  Yet we do sympathise with him in that he has to unmask his very own friend, someone he has worked with for decades.<br />       This is certainly notLeCarr's best (I reserve that praise for &quot;The spy who came in from the Cold&quot;) but it is still a masterpiece.  Some of LeCarr's &quot;worst&quot; novels are better than some authors' best and that's a fact.  LeCarr is definetely one of the great writers alive or dead, the great social historian of our times.  His spy novels are merely a disguise for his messages about Life.  Sometimes I found myself simply re-reading some sentences merely for their beauty, LeCarr's use of language is eloquent.  He is not the sort of commercial, predictable author and he is not particularly easy to read(especially his later novels) but at the end everything turns out so simple and flawless yet you are left wanting more.<br />        This is one of the greatest spy novels ever and LeCarr is one of the greates novelists ever.  Read it and enjoy.
B00005AFVR|4.0|It's not the set I'd hoped for, but  I'll take it! Bruce played a bunch of stuff during the NYC stand that could have appeared on the disc, but we'll have to settle for &quot;popular favorites&quot; instead. Anyhow: &quot;Land of Hopes and Dreams&quot; is the high point of the album, it's incredibly uplifting, and it rocks, too! The guitar solos on &quot;Youngstown&quot; and &quot;Murder Incorporated&quot; should be used as teaching aids for anyone considering a future in a rock and roll band. &quot;The River&quot; is a countrified alternate to the studio version with a great falsetto at the end. &quot;Tenth Avenue&quot; is fun the first three listens, but (at sixteen minutes) you might find yourself skipping past it next week. &quot;Lost In The Flood&quot; reappears thirty years after its Dylanesque studio debut, this time with two tons of East Street Band behind it, and &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot; is a sweet conclusion to the set, with each of the band members taking a turn as vocalist. &quot;Born To Run&quot;, &quot;Prove It All Night&quot;, &quot;Ramrod&quot;, &quot;Badlands&quot;, and the others are great fun, and they really capture the energy of the performance, but we've heard them all so darn many times... oh well. Regardless, it's great listening (especially cranked up in the car), and there's some rock 'n roll history goin' on, too. Buy two, and keep one locked away for the grandkids.
B000000W6F|5.0|This album is one of the most beautiful to come out of rock music...ever.  And beauty isn't synonymous with rock music, which makes the achievement all the more startling.  I came to this album via Siamese Dream, and I immediately became hooked.  This is a sad album...the songs are real because the emotions were, and are true.  This album makes me cry.  I have heard that deeper the sorrow, the greater the joy...that sentiment rings true here...just listen to Snail, the one that shines the brightest.   Music is important...it is not frivilous.  It has the ability to change lives and open minds and hearts.  The rarest of albums accomplish this.  Here we have one that does. Listen, enjoy, expand...all with a pure heart...and I guarantee you'll be changed as well.
B00001NFCY|5.0|What can I say - CREED ROCKS!  Human Clay gives you a rich variety of music from ballads to hard rock songs and you just want to keep playing it over and over - can't get enough.  As a follow-up to My Own Prison (which is also highly recommmended!) I look forward to CREED's 3rd album.  The lyrics that Stapp writes is amazing and deeply spiritual given the history behind how they got to start CREED.  I highly recommend this album without a doubt - especially songs like Faceless Man, Inside Us All, Beautiful, What If and of course Higher and With Arms Wide Open.  This music touches you on a deep level.......
B00004YKUY|4.0|Journey has once again hit the shelves with its first release in 4 years, &quot;Arrival&quot;. The best thing about the new work is that it sounds like Journey with its signature Schon guitar and Cain keyboards (for the old fans) yet adds enough new elements for the new fan. Former Tall-Stories front man Steve Sugeri does an admirable job fronting Journey - there are definitely similaries between him and Steve Perry on Higher Place, All the Way and other cuts. Big shoes to fill indeed, but Augeri is right where he should be: helping ease old fans into the band's updated sound and drawing in new ones with his ability to shift between rockers and ballads.<br />Nothing Comes Close is a treat for the fan, especially given the spoken words at the end teasing Augeri about his fashion choices. Those in the know will get the joke. There are more rockers on this release than on the Japanese import (due to fan feedback) and more than any release since Departure. However, there are enough ballads for the more sensitive fans in the group!<br />Room should be made in any audiophiles collection for this new product - right alongside all those classic rock CDs and newer stuff from groups like MBT, Dave Matthews, etc. Take a listen to the audio clips and see for yourself. Journey was at the top of their game in the 80s and it looks like they've been called in from the bench on &quot;Arrival&quot;. Good music reaches everyone.
B000056K04|3.0|Today is april 4th 2001 and I bout EVERYDAY yesterday. I wanted to go listen to it but the line was too long, so I bought it because I trust Dave Mathews Band. The album is good no doubt about it but I still think that they could do much better. As the other people wrote I don't think they should have been so harsh because even though it's not as good as I thought it would be it still is a very good album. Thank You, Ariel Makover
B00005AAFS|4.0|Rammstein has done it again!  This CD does more than just continue the legacy of songs such as &quot;Du Hast&quot; and &quot;Engel&quot;.  It also extends into new territory while remaining faithful to their old sound.  One doesn't even have to know German to love this CD!  Just the emotion in his voice helps to convey the meaning of the songs.  From the kick-your-teeth in beat of &quot;Adios&quot; to the slower, more dirge-like &quot;Mutter&quot; this CD is great
B000059XUI|3.0|Though bouyed by the prospect of seeing Supe and Lois in bed together, this stage-bound sequel cannot match the scale or gravitas of the Richard Donner SUPERMAN.  The opening at the Eiffel Tower is marred by cheesy effects and the convenience of Lois just walking past cops (er... gendarmes) and up the Eiffel steps.  The big action sequence with the Krypton villains &quot;blowing away&quot; the Metropolis street is painful due to the very obvious backlot-ty style set.  The first Superman did such a better job of selling us that the movie was taking place in a real world, this one reeks of first England (check the little boy's accent when Zod and crew face off against small-town &quot;Americans&quot;) and then of unbelievable studio sets.  Even with all its production design problems and rather limply directed scenes, the story itself manages to entertain and Christopher Reeve brings an amazing naturalness to Clark.  A weak three stars, to be sure.
038533348X|5.0|The novel Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut is a prime example of the science fiction genre. The novel contains a perfect blend of scientific logic and literary fiction, making it both believable and entertaining at once. The story is the fictitious memoirs of a writer named John, who is doing research for a book he plans to write about the day the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima. His curiosity spurs a chain of events, and he soon is caught in the middle of the intricate web of secrets and lies of the Hoenikkers, the children of Felix Hoenikker, the father of the atomic bomb. John soon discovers that the children possess a synthetic compound called Ice Nine, an isotope of H20 whose unique structure gives it properties unique from any other material on Earth. The discovery of Ice Nine proves to be the turning point of the novel, and Ice Nine ultimately plays a key role in the conclusion of the story.       I found Cat's Cradle to be an insightful and brilliantly composed novel. Cat's Cradle has the captivating plot that is characteristic to science fiction novels, but it separates itself from other novels in its genre with its sense of reality. Despite some of its far-fetched aspects, while reading Cat's Cradle, I couldn't help but think that it was a true story. Vonnegut's detailed characterization, believable setting, and blend of fictitious occurrences and historic events make the novel seem as realistic as an autobiography. Vonnegut also did a great job using irony and black humor to express the hidden themes of the novel. Cat's Cradle offers a cynical and insightful view into the worlds of religion, technology, science, and government.        Although I consider this novel to be one of most well written works of science fiction ever composed, it does contain a few minor downsides. This book is written in an odd format, and it is set up as a collection of interconnecting anecdotes. Although this format gives Cat's Cradle a unique and interesting feel, it can make the plot confusing to understand at times. The only other downside is that the symbolism and hidden meaning of many of the events and people in the novel can be difficult to decipher at times. For these reasons, I would recommend this book to people ages 16 and above who read at a sophisticated level. I would certainly recommend this novel to anyone who has an interest in science, as well as anyone who is interested by politically and socially ironic literature.
B000059Z8J|5.0|The movie itself is worthy of the five stars, and no doubt the DVD version lives up its hype.  After years of watching the fuzzy pan &amp; scan monstrosity that was the video version of the movie, I rushed to see SUPERMAN at a midnight movie house near me when they ran one of the prints WB sent out for their 75th birthday a couple of years ago.  It holds up so well -- the scenes in Krypton dole out backstory with ease and Brando adds dramatic weight (ahem) as Jor El.  The Smallville scenes are touching.  The Daily Planet feels real.  Superman's first night out saving the rampaging chopper is a brilliant action sequence.  Supe and Lois' night time flight through the clouds is haunting (with just the right note of camp in Kidder's voice over).  The introduction to Lex Luther / Otis / Miss Tesmacher is just the right shot of comedy to pick up the second half of the movie.  The finale is an awesomely impressive combination of effects and personal drama.  Christopher Reeve is scary good with his roaring grief over Lois' near-death.  This one, unlike the others that followed, has an actual MESSAGE that tracks throughout the story about the dangers of Supe intervening in the course of human events.  The performances are dead on -- Kidder is so good its amazing she didn't become a huge actress after this.  Hackman is infinitely better than Nicholson in BATMAN (which does NOT hold up).  Any one sequence in this movie can be watched in and of itself, or over and over again.
B000003TAB|4.0|this is a really good collection of nirvana leftovers and b-sides. but this is no half-assed compilation. it's a roaring journey through cobain's disturbing world, where innocense and experience walk hand in hand, particularly on songs like,  'sliver,' and, 'aero-zeppelin.'<br />    probably two of the best songs on this album are, 'molly's lips,' and, 'son of a gun,' which are both vaselines (a terrific but obscure scottish band), covers. these new re-workings don't even compare to the originals, and sound completely different.<br />    unfortunately, this album has it's share of dross as well, particularly the pointless punk-rock version of, 'polly,&quot; (compared to the spare beauty of the original. overall, a very worthy purchace
B00004XQ83|5.0|While I have absolutely no Southern roots, this music awakens the basic needs of the human soul - I am addicted to this CD! The music is pure and the performers perfect. It takes you back to a less complicated place and time. Times were hard, but there was a community and camaraderie that is definitely missing today. Five stars isn't enough! I hope this brings about a re-birth of the &quot;old-timey&quot;, music it showcases.
B000002OMN|1.0|After one of the worst albums in music history, &quot;Bat Out of Hell&quot; became an inexplicable hit in 1978, Meat Loaf's career promptly headed south and straight into the toilet.  For fifteen years his was a has-been, and the butt of jokes.  All this changed when he essentially re-recorded the album, gave it an equally insipid cover, and topped off this bout of originality by giving it the oh so clever title &quot;Bat Out of Hell II.&quot;  The result?  Another inexplicable hit of bad, overwrought songs with bombastic production and screeching vocals.<br />After the dust settled, Meat Loaf's career promptly headed into the toilet once again and as a result one can no doubt assume that &quot;Bat Out of Hell III&quot; is just around the corner.
B000002VMH|5.0|Annie Lennox (ESPECIALLY ON THIS ALBUM) is simply a great artist. From the first note of &quot;WHY&quot; I felt a powerfull energy melting my soul. She has a way of makeing people feel things through her. She is so honest and both lyrically and musically remarkable. Another song to watch for is of course &quot;WALKING ON BROKEN GLASS.&quot; The great thing about this song is that although it's incredibly moveing- it's fun at the same time. You'll sing it in your sleep- it's so awsome! Even so, though, my favorite is definatly &quot;COLD.&quot;  The part of the song when she say's, &quot;Dyeing is easy, it's Liveing that scares me. . .&quot; is so meaningfull to me. I feel that way SO often! She draws from her true life so it comes of extrordinarily well. &quot;Little Bird&quot; is one of those songs that we all can relate to and it's another one of her Fun songs.<br />There is also a surprise at the end. Track 11- &quot;KEEP YOUNG AND BEAUTIFULL.&quot; is hilarious. It's so sarcastic and so true. It's almost as if she is just haveing a moment of fun. It's all jazzy and stuff. Someone else wrote this one though.<br />All in all, I have to say that this beats he Medusa album by a long shot and even beats a lot of her Eurithmics work. TRY IT OUT!
B000059MEK|3.0|Having been a fan of Daft Punk since their breakthrough album Homework, I anxiously awaited this album. When One More Time hit the clubs in November/December, I was thinking that this album was going to be great. Unfortunatly, the greatness stops with that track, at least for me. I say it only with the utmost respect for Daft Punk... However-This album is full of tracks that just don't do anything for me. Too much vocoder effect on this album This effect has been popular in many recordings as of late, and is now grossly overused. Even the album version of One More Time for some reason lacks the punch of the club remix that I was first familiar with. Still, this CD is worth a listen if you liked the first album, and it will keep a place in my collection. But If all you are is a fan who is hearing about DP for the first time after hearing One More Time on Top 40 radio, I don't suggest this album. You won't like it.
038533348X|4.0|Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut is an accomplished text that masters the essence of a new religion, and hazards of science through a sarcastic and humorous tone. The novel comprises a curious man gathering information for his novel on The Day the World Ended. While interviewing the family of a doctor that contributed to the discovery of the atom bond, the narrator stumbles into a society where religion is based on lies and human stupidity is universal.  By surrounding the character in a new civilization and faith, Vonnegut engulfs the reader into his masterpiece. As the lead role, John's arrival at the island of San Lorenzo and his discovery of Bokonism paves the way for his commitment to the awkward religion. John develops a relationship with a childish midget, his stringy six-foot sister, and their public shy brother that unfurls him into a mysterious world.  This unique novel tours the reader through a separate dimension. With his unpredictability and ability to create suspense, Vonnegut creates a sense of curiousity persuading one to continue reading. Cat's Cradle is an ideal piece that ignites one's imagination and is fit for a teenager to an adult that is ready to explore a new religion and way of life!
B0000041LL|3.0|The Quartetto Italiano's recordings are all very well and I shan't recap all the strong points covered by the other reviewers. I want to commend to you the amazing recordings of the Busch quartet. Made in Mono during WWII these recordings, re-released on Sony in 1991, display an amazing sensitivity. Listening to them one really has the sensation of penetrating to the heart of the music; by comparison the Quartetto Italiano sound immature. But don't just take my word for it: the Busch quartet were also the choice of BBC Radio 3's reknowned &quot;Building A Library&quot; series. No-one else comes close.
B000059ZLH|5.0|All I have to say is that I was at this concert as well and it was the single most breathtaking experience of my life. I highly recomend this DVD to all rock fans across the world due to the pure fact that Dream Theater is the GOD of all music and I say this literally. Jordan Rudess (King of the ivorys) is my hero and I will cherish this dvd for the rest of my life. LONG LIVE DREAM THEATER.. BUY THIS DVD... IT OOZES GREATNESS!!.... seriously.. Right Matt, Steve, and Rob?
B00000K19E|5.0|Fabuluous, remake of the classic Japanese Kung-Fu Movie without the overdubbing.
0140283587|5.0|I searched evrywhere in the U.S. for this book. A friend of mine in London had recommended it to me, but back in 98' I could not find it. So, when my parents went to London for their aniversary, this was what I requested from them... Sure, this book is an easy read. At, first I pretty much hated the characters. But, something happened towards the end of the book, and I couldn't put it down. If you have ever travelled or wanted to travel this is a must! It really does make you want to pack your bags and go! (Great book for an airplane!)
0517122707|1.0|I found this book very bland. I suppose it is supposed to be a humourus book, but I often began to wonder, not knowing anything about the author, if there wasnt more truth than fiction in this book. This has been one of the worst books I have read. I would never recommend this book to anyone.
1881273156|5.0|This is one of the greatest books when it comes to understanding others (and yourself!) and loving others well!  Everyone should read this book so that they will be able to better recognize the way that their friends and loved ones receive love best!  What speaks love to one person may not to another!---Or maybe just not as well!
6301942647|5.0|This movie features some of the most beautiful images I have ever viewed, in a movie or otherwise. Kurasawa is a genius, not only as a storyteller but as an illustrator. The movie is like a book of your favorite short stories collected together for the first time, and you can't take your eyes from the screen. Elusive and emotional, this movie is a masterpiece in every aspect.
157492589X|5.0|Lonesome dove with robert duvall and tommy lee jones is not only the best western ever made, but also the best movie ever made.  its very heart warming and an extremely moving film.  it depicts the life of cowboys and portrays it well.  it includes some of the finest actors, and is a great movie that youll never grow tired of.  its a keeper.
B000000I0I|5.0|This is truely a beautiful CD and you should buy it so you can see yourself. The creativity, individuality of Oldfield's work is spectacular, and I am thrilled at his creation.
068484267X|5.0|this was a great book--the best i have ever reead!  as a man, i usually do not like to read novels, but i couldn't put this one down!  Mr. McCourt should be listed as one of the world's top writers.
B00000064F|5.0|This is a beautiful and ethereal album.  I love it.
B00003CXB2|5.0|This newly released DVD edition of this classic film illustrates just how unusual a movie experience was created with this movie. No one was a more masterful film maker than was David Lean, the British director who brought us such unforgettable classics as &quot;Bridge Over the River Kwai&quot;, &quot;Doctor Zhivago&quot; &quot;&quot;Ryan's Daughter&quot;, as well as this film. The cinematography is spectacular, even breath-taking, and one has to agree with the comments of a previous reviewer that here the desert plays a well-scripted supporting role in the unfolding drama that was T. E. Lawrence's experience during the First World War in Arabia.<br />Lean always focused his films on the ways in which individuals and their personal characteristics clash and meld with the larger social,cultural, and historical surround in which they are located, and so each film is a particularly captivating study of the specific dynamics of each such situation. Each of these films is also a well-choreographed and photographed excursion into the topography, climate, and landscape of the geographic location in which the drama unfolds. The eyes and ears are always delighted by what Lean displays.<br />Here young and bookish Lawrence is faced with the unenviable and unlikely prospect of trying to unite the multitude of Arab Bedouin tribes in support of the Allies in the regional warfare associated with WWI. The film captures this unlikely and somewhat quixotic personal odyssey most memorably, and a very young Peter O'Toole is masterful in his edgy portrayal of the enigmatic Lawrence as a time-trapped romantic caught by whimsy and circumstance in the most mind-boggling adventure of a lifetime, an adventure that broke all the rules of convention and upper-class British expectations.<br />He meets his match with other characters played by Omar Sharif, Anthony Quinn, and Sir Alec Guinness. And in capturing the comically mismatched skills, expectations, and romanticism that Lawrence projected into the larger picture of what was going on, by viewing his personal odyssey in the context of the much larger cultural framework of Arab ambitions, jealousies, and cultural differences, we are magically transported into the strange and marvelous world of the Arabian desert and all the romance and mystery of that region.<br />Viewing each of David Lean's splendid and classic films is a treat and a privilege; no one was as prolific, as consistent, and as engaging a storyteller as he.  &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; is one of his finest films, and as such represents a wonderful standard of excellence in storytelling and film experiences. Sit down and relax, for you are in a master's hands. Enjoy!ted into the larger picture of what was going on, by viewing his personal odyssey in the context of the much larger cultural framework of Arab ambitions, jealousies, and cultural differences, we are magically transported into the strange and marvelous world of the Arabian desert and all the romance and mystery of that region. <br />Viewing each of David Lean's splendid and classic films is a treat and a privilege; no one was as prolific, as consistent, and as engaging a storyteller as he.  &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; is one of his finest films, and as such represents a wonderful standard of excellence in storytelling and film experiences. Sit down and relax, for you are in a master's hands. Enjoy!
B000002MG1|4.0|This album is probably one of the most praised albums of all time. Hailed as one of the 90's masterpiece. To me it is probably a bit better than &quot;Out of time&quot;. R.E.M. is certainly one of my favourite groups of all time. The 5 songs I like the most in this album are:- <br />Everybody hurts: It is said this song has saved hundreds of lives with its lyrical content and alsolutely brilliant singing by the one and only Michael Stipes. I like the song a lot, it does't really makes any diffence when i'm down. (So I have to turn onto some other song if ever I feel like committing suicide) For the time being 'Green Day' works better than this song. I am not letting this song down. It really is an absolute beauty. But ...<br />Sweetness follows: You can call this a sweet song. Nice vocal work (again!!!) by Stipe. I like the place where he sings O..O..O.. sweetness follows.<br />Man on the moon: I like it more than 'Everybody hurts'. Superb mood set with this song that is continued in the next two song.<br />Nightswimming: The instrumentation is so DAMN addictive.<br />Find the river: This one is the BEST song of the disc. Very emotionally sung. Nice way to finish a great bunch of songs. <br />These 5 were my pick. There are more good songs. There is only 'Ignoreland' which you can ignore but again that too is above average. So you can understand the quality of the album. If you are looking to buy a R.E.M. album ... buy this(however 'Out of time' will also be a good buy).
B000056K04|5.0|I'm amazed at the number of negative reviews Everyday is receiving.  Sure it has more of a pop sound, but this was something Dave and the rest of the band needed.  Those of you who keep bringing up the shelved Steve Lillywhite cd... need to open your ears.  Sure there are a couple of standout out tracks from that recording (Busted Stuff, Digging a Ditch, and Grace is Gone come to mind), but the rest of the material is &quot;UNORIGINAL&quot; and as Dave stated in the Rolling Stone cover article, (all you so called &quot;true&quot; fans should actually read it), depressing and uninspiring.  It was time for the band to try something new.  Those of you who keep insisting there's no Boyd or Leroi on Everyday, please put your cd in and listen to &quot;Fool to Think&quot; and &quot;So Right&quot;.  Those of you complaining about Dave's lyrics, take a listen to &quot;The Space Between&quot; and &quot;If I had it all&quot;.  These are definitely two of the better songs the band has ever crafted.  Great bands have the ability to try different things and experiment with new sounds.  I can just see Dave wailing away on the electric guitar and Boyd, Leroi, Stefan, and Carter adding a new fresh breadth to the tracks off Everyday on the band's upcoming tour.  DMB is meant to be seen in concert anyways.  So, all you naysayers, just stay home.  I'll enjoy the tour and the songs on Everyday without you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00005B3Z6|4.0|After the opening salvo - that is sex scene - between Aiden Gillett and Charlie Hunnam, this original series opens into a wonderful drama of gay life.  Of course, there are still more sex scenes (a delicately filmed threesome) but the real drama revolves around everyday issues of being gay.  Unlike it's American counterpart, this series pulls no punches and never underestimates your intelligence.<br />The characters are believable and although not always lovable (Stuart, you bugger!), you can't help but root for even the bad guy.  Won't you don't tolerate are the eggheads and snobs that permeate all strata of life.  In other words, the know-it-alls do get their comeuppance.  The three major characters are first class actors.  They make you want to come back for more.<br />Get the series and get a first class taste of gay life!
B00005AAFS|5.0|Amazing. Spectacular. Fantastic. All can be used to describe Rammstein's Mutter. They spent a year mixing this disc alone and it was well worth the wait. This is a truly landmark album that will shape the future of metal and hard rock. I have been unable to stop listening to this album since I got it. They have raised their sound a band to a new level and significantly progressed since their first release. The use of new instruments, Till Lindemann's singing style and their lyrics all contribute to an amazing listening experience. If you like music, buy this album.
0804106304|4.0|In the Joy Luck Club I have learned that the bond between mother and daughter is greater in some countries than in others.  These women and their daughters have all experienced hard times but have pushed through them together and learned from them.  The mothers are all immigrants from China that came over for different reasons.  Some for money, some for family, and some just to escape the Chinese way of life.  They went through tough times to get to America like giving up twin babies or making up lies about ancestors to escape an arranged marriage.  These mothers were so strong and wanted nothing more than to teach their daughters to be strong as well.  The daughters are AMERICAN GIRLS or so they say.  They were raised in an American culture and learned the American ways.  Some even went against their parents wishes and dated and married white boys, which was a bad thing to do.  I really ewnjoyed the book.  At first it was hard to read but once I got started I couldn't stop.  My favorite character was Waverly Jong, the headstrong daughter who escapes her mothers world of chess meant for her daughter to become successful and eventually one day going to China to find her two twin sisters that her mother had to leave in China.  When her mother died and Waverly had to take her mom'm place at the Jpy Luck Club she went to China with the goose feather to share her joy with her other daughters.  Waverly also delivered my favorite line when she got to China.  She was choked up and said, &quot; Mama has gone to heaven, but I have come to share her joy!&quot; and the daughters meet for the first time and hug each other.  It weas really touching.  All in all the book was very good and I would recommend it to anyone who wanted to read a story that touches your heart.
0736629297|4.0|Alec Leamas in one of the most fascinating characters I've ever encountered in my reading.  His brutal, uncompromising, frankness in his personal interactions with people makes him an enigma in a profession that requires him to lie for a living.  Does he excuse the lies he tells for the government by reminding himself of their practical value?  After all, he is a man who respects utilitarian motives.  He could forgive a nessesary lie more than her could a cowardly lie, such as the ones that the repugnant Ashe tells.  Or, does he excuse the lies by pretending for himself that he's indifferent to the information being lied about?  Again and again, throughout the story, he displays contempt for ideology and politics.  This is the tale of a man trying to cope with a task that his conscience rebels against.  By the end, when he finds that he's been betrayed and lied to himself, these devices begin to fall apart.  In one the final passages, he finally opens up and all the excuses that he's been telling himself over the years coming flooding out of him, providing an excellent commentary on the countless rationalizations made during the cold war.  Liz, who is present to hear this confession, shakes her head to each of Leamas's excuses.  There is no washing his hands of his guilt over the foul mess he's found himself involved in.
6300267997|1.0|Just finished watching this.  OK, here's the news, for all you 1970's nostalgia-freaks, for all of you who thought the Seventies were  &quot;cool&quot;, for all of you who love  *That 70's Show*:  THIS movie was the REAL Seventies.  THIS is what was going on in the cultural mainstream.  Yeah yeah, some teenage stoners were listening to Zep and such, but Zep and such wasn't on the Billboard charts, baby  (said charts are referred to more than once in this movie).  Flip to any Top 40 AM station, and the terrible music in Streisand's  *A Star is Born*  is similar to what you would've actually heard.  I was laughing at her wardrobe as I giddily viewed this movie, and then sobered when I recalled that people actually WORE similar clothes.  That mahhvelous permanent hairdo on her head was also all of a piece for the era.  My point is, don't assume that Streisand made this movie in some sort of pop-culture vacuum; she merely presented the current fashions.  I think it was the Amazon reviewer who opined that if she had simply held off till the early Eighties and the emergence of the  &quot;soft rock era&quot;, this film might have made more sense.  Wrong.  The Seventies were, after all, the decade of Bread, of Diana Ross, of Helen Reddy, of Carly Simon, of . . . you get the idea.<br />There is a perfectly adequate version of this movie, made in the Fifties, starring Judy Garland and James Mason.  Needless to say that Kris Kristofferson and Barb are not Judy and James.  This project could only have been the brainchild of a colossal egomaniac, who, it seems, hoped to top her idol.  And I must disagree with the general consensus that Kris K. should be let off the hook, here.  This is a horrible performance, worse than Streisand's.  First of all, he looks like someone they might have pulled off of La Cienega pushing a shopping cart.  Dude wears the same brown shirt through the entire movie.  You see, then, as now, rock stars had GLAMOR.  Kristofferson is instead apparelled likethe country singer he actually was.  Why in God's name they tried to make him a rock star in this movie is beyond me.  He has no idea what he's doing, and it really shows when he sings the one rock tune the writers give him:  he mumbles and croaks the lyrics . . . virtually inaudible.  As for Streisand's numbers, &quot;Evergreen&quot;  is a pretty song . . . but the rest!  Oh my.  I single out for Cringeworthy Awards the song her trio performs in the seedy bar where she first meets Kristofferson, and the last tune . . . a 10+ minute extravaganza that attempts to give us a summary of the plot we just suffered through.  Barb adds some helpful tears.<br />STAY AWAY
B000021XS0|5.0|If you are a hard rock fan, you must own this CD.  A concept album in the vein of Queensryche's &quot;Operation Mindcrime.&quot; Not since then have my thoughts been so utterly and completely occupied with a recording.  Vocally, musically and lyrically, this will take you on a roller-coaster ride of emotions.  There were times in listening to this CD that I was overwhelmed by the sheer intensity and emotion that I sometimes had to turn it off before I broke down in tears!  Well...  so maybe I'm overexagerating, but not by much.  I must commend and thank Dream Theater for having the balls and patience to put out this CD.  Thank you for giving me so much for my money!  Buy this, set some time to sit down and listen to it without any distractions and read the lyrics while you do.  You won't get it right away, but it'll stick in your mind and come to you eventually!  YOU MUST OWN THIS CD!!!
B00004YKUY|4.0|I've always been a die-hard Journey fan.  And I'm one of those who believe that without Steve Perry, Journey would have never seen the success they now have.  But, this new CD is awesome.  I'm always listening to the radio for new music that sounds appealing.  Sad to say that in the last few years, I rarely hear anything that contains real musicianship.  But putting Schon, Cain, and Valory back together will always bring forth exceptional music.  And the new lead singer Augeri is impressive.  He has the soul, range, dialect, and diction of Perry.  But, what would Journey be without that kind of lead singer?  I love the &quot;nostalgic&quot; solo on Signs of Life.
0792839129|4.0|This was one of my favorite films from childhood! I loved the car, the songs, the Child Catcher, and the beautiful castle! Thirty years later I was thrilled to get a copy of the video. The movie still offers all the magic, wit, and charm that I remember. It may be a tad long for younger children, but there is enough humor and excitement to entertain both older kids and adults. When I visited the actual Neuschwanstein castle in Germany recently, I felt like I'd been transported back into the film! &quot;CCBB&quot; has been panned by the critics, but most of us who grew up loving this film still love it for the wonderful, imaginative escape into fantasy it offers!
B00005AFVR|5.0|... and a bracing reminder, in these dark days of teen pop, of just how powerful the medium can be in the hands of masters like Springsteen and his E Street posse.    Undoubtedly, there will be those who quibble about the song selection, but face it _ to include every great song Springsteen has ever recorded, they'd have to make this a 20-CD set. Then, no one could afford to but it.    As it stands, there's a more-than-generous 133 minutes of music here. Highlights include the ore-smelting version of &quot;Youngstown,&quot; the lovely country (NOT Hawaiian) lilt given to &quot;Mansion on the Hill&quot; the haunting, moving and provocative new song, &quot;American Skin,&quot; the pile-driving &quot;Ramrod&quot; and way too many others to mention.    Oh, by the way, &quot;Born to Run&quot; isn't among the listed tracks, but it's here. It was added late. It's the last track on the first disc.
B000056K04|1.0|I didn't know the Backstreet Boys joined the Dave Matthews Band, cause that's what this album sounds like. A BIG STEP DOWN from Under the Table, Crash, and Before These Crowded Streets. Short, pop songs with no violin or sax. Dave has sold out bigtime, veering this album towards the teenyboppers of today. A big disappointment...
B00004BZ16|5.0|After weathering the dizzying whirlwind of New-Beatle-mania, the Clash went on to demonstrate just how gifted a band they truly were through their intelligent exploration of diverse musical styles on an album that would legitimize their title as _The Only Band That Mattered_.<br />In a time when their punk contemporaries were killing their girlfriends and/or committing suicide (fans will know who), the Clash complemented their message of rebellion with a timely and  unapologetic scrutiny of societal hypocrisy and a mandate of self-determination for the people.<br />Sandanista! was a musical catharsis for the Clash that all fans of rock should hear.
B000059R8Y|3.0|It's not too unreasonable to expect more from the world's greatest living white blues guitarist than offered on &quot;Reptile.&quot;  After Eric Clapton's hard-left-turn on \\"Pilgrim\\", it's sad to find him going through the MOR motions on this latest effort.<br />This is a perfectly charming but ultimately minor collection of performances.  At virtually no place does Clapton and his otherwise outstanding ensemble ever work up a sweat, and that's rather disappointing.  Virtually none of the material actually calls for any heavy lifting; this curious selection of songs seems to neither inspire Clapton nor his group, resulting in an MOR, easy-listening, nearly-Muzak offering.<br />The \\"rock\\" tracks could almost have been at home on Clapton's plodding late-70's albums; there is little fire nor passion in these.  His cover of James Taylor's \\"Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight\\" is strangely over-wrought, given the sad and weary tone of the lyrics.  The instrumentals are sweet, showing Clapton's abilities in the lite-jazz idiom, but hardly evocative.  There is a standout track in Ray Charles' \\"Come Back Baby\\" which finds Clapton and band in an unguarded and swinging moment, but moments like that are hardly found on the remainder of the album.<br />Where \\"Pilgrim\\" wasn't your father's Eric Clapton, \\"Reptile\\" most certainly IS your grandfather's Eric Clapton.
B000053VAF|5.0|A lot of people seem to classify this as an anti-religion movie, when it is, in fact, not.  The entire movie relies on the fact that not only is Catholism the chosen religion of God, but that all the trappings of Church Dogma have an immediate and permanent affect on the real world.  An item blessed by a Bishop has the power to destroy a demon, and a rather silly piece of Church teaching has the potential to bring down not only the world we live in, but the entirty of creation.<br />The movie is funny, irreverant, and offensive to those who are so wrapped up in the Dogma of christianity that they are unable to see that at its heart, this is a movie about the power of religion.<br />One particularly effective portion deals with the &quot;new&quot; Catholic Church and it's attempts (particularly in the US) to &quot;modernize.&quot;<br />The supporting cast are all wonderful, and Chris Rock in particular shines as Rufus, the forgotten apostle.
B000056JYB|3.0|There's good news and bad news here...<br />The good news is that the original \\"Blind Faith\\" album has never sounded better.  Not that this album ever sounded bad on vinyl or past CD issues, but this new re-re-re-master has more depth to the mix and more clarity and definition to the instruments.  Thus, this minor classic (while it was a good but not great album in its time, this was hardly any of the group's members' finest moments, save for perhaps Ric Grech) returns with the highest octane power ever.  Further, it collects onto disc one a few of the album's finished, but discarded, tracks - \\"Sleeping In The Ground\\" and the electric \\"Can't Find My Way Home\\" which now find their home in the context of the original album (having been previously scattered over other anthologies).<br />The bad news is that the remainder of the unreleased tracks would have been better off unreleased.  Most of these are just jam sessions by 2/3's of what would become Blind Faith, and not anywhere close to the group developing their actual work.  None of these lend anything to the legend of the group, articulate anything whatsoever about their abilities and inspiration, and worse yet, they're crushingly boring.<br />This would have been a far better and honest release had it been just as Disc One, leaving the 2nd disc in the hands of bootleggers where it belongs, and offered a better tribute to this album and better value to the consumer.  And, since this record label has just issued the original album (with no bonus tracks) as a single disc, there's your ticket.
B00005AFVR|2.0|i have been a huge bruce fan for 20+ years but i am disappointed in what i see as the only guy in the music business with the balls to put out quality now putting out such a shoddy product- lousy packaging- tinny sound quality- weird and inaccurate track listing and sequencing- one redeeming point- land of hope and dreams will remind bruce fans why they loved his music the first time they heard it-
B00004YKUY|5.0|Steve Perry was a magnificant lead singer for Journey. He made  Journey come alive with his distinctive voice. I'm thankful he gave us many unique songs that we will always remember. I don't blame him for taking a different path. I know if the new singer Augeri, began with Journey and Steve Perry comes along, I would say who is this guy? He sounds horrible. Augeri does an outstanding job stepping up to the plate and hitting the ball out of the park. He has sings exceptionally with his own unique sophisticated style!<br />Journey is very talented with or without Steve Perry, and this CD proves it! The first song Higher Place is a masterpiece. All the Way, Loved by You, Kiss Me Softly and other power ballads are romantic, sexy, and red hot. They are by far the best ballads I've heard since the days of Foreigner! The CD also rocks with  breath taking keyboard and guitar work from Cain and Neal Schon.<br />The more I listed to Journey's new CD, the more I became addicted to the songs. I began to embrace the new music with open arms.<br />The CD definitely grows on you, but if you want the old Journey, get out your old CD's and escape, or take a departure from the new Journey. If you do so you will never arrive and miss the opporunity of great Journey. I like the new Journey and I feel they will only get better over time.
6305750750|5.0|I don't care what anyone thinks about this film. People didn't like it cause it wasn't adult enough. I personally think that we have way too many  violent and artificial movies out there, that don't deserve half the recognition they get. Some people  say that the acting was bad. Well, if you recall a  little movie that came out in 1977, called Star Wars, only had one good actor, and his name was Alec. We all seem to forget that a Star Wars movie isn't  about acting. It's about taking us to another world. It's about the universal battle of good versus evil. This movie gives us everything we want from a Star Wars movie. Some of it is slow going, but is necesary in order to establish a story-line for the future of this Saga. For those of us who crave action, the  last 30 minutes of this film blew me away. The light- saber duel is the best fight sequence I have ever witnesed. And I have seen thousands of fims in my many years. The intensity and power displayed by Liam Neeson, Ewan McGreggor and Ray Park, is amazing. The job that Natalie Portman does as the Queen is at the very least, perfect. The Visual and Sound effects are the best in any movie before it. The fact that The Matrix won the Oscars  instead, is a travesty. It had nothing to do with how good the Matrix is, it's just that &quot;Hollywood&quot; is very anti-Lucas. Personally, I think that this film should have won an oscar for Visual effects, Sound effects, Make-up (just look at how many actors were getting  dressed up as aliens), costumes (it should have won an oscar for Amidala's dresses, alone), and of course the original score. The Original Score done by John Williams, is spectacullar. It's the only Original Score Soundtrack I own.  I find myself humming to some of the music, sometimes. If you're hesitating, don't. Buy this film as soon as  you can. It only gets better the more times you watch it. Just let this film wisk you away to a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away..........
0790751305|5.0|Personally i've never been a big fan of westerns because the characters (oft times) seemed too made up rather than real.  Not so in this brilliant film.  What we get to see here are real people with real frailties, shortcomings, regrets, and struggles to overcome.  <br />And I have to say hat's off to Gene Hackman who was beyond outstanding as Little Bill.  It was totally unexpected at least by me anyway.  I thought that Hackman was a terrible casting choice for a western sheriff but I was happy to be wrong.  To me his character was the most dispicable of the entire cast.  And he was the lawman.  'I guess you think i'm kickin' ya Bob'  Just histerical.<br />Clint's direction was perfect.  Subtle but poignant.  The scene where he and the kid had just killed the two protagonists was outstanding.  Viewing that open expanse put the indivduals burdens in the proper perspective in regard to how alone and singled out someone who commits murder must feel.  And he also created an ominous feeling for the final scenes when Ned had been captured and the finale.  Bravo.<br />The film has it all comedy, intensity, savagery, drama and ultimately humanity.  An enduring tale.
B000000H3Z|3.0|This is album is pretty good but the songs all sound the same after a while.   Inner Self is the best song...
B000002AH9|5.0|Glad to be unhappy.  Now come on.  How could you even come up with a better title to a song than this one.  There's so much pain and heartache on this album that it's palpable.  And don't even talk to me about Billie's voice having lost something.  I personally find many of the recordings she made at the end of her career as her best work.  They are reflections of a life lived, love's lost, drugs destruction, racism's ruin... and the list goes on and on.<br />Some of the greatest voices have not belonged to greatest  singers and vice versa.  Singing is about much more than pitch and clarity.  It's (perhaps) the ultimate form of expression.  And NO ONE could possibly be as expressive as Billie Holliday.<br />Just think.  We're talking about Jazz' greatest song stylist.  When I was a kid I could never understand why so many of the great jazz artists were drug addicts.  Now I understand.  In a society that neither valued them as individuals, artists, or a race of people it's almost impossible to imagine how any of them could not have needed an escape.  The music that they made is some of the greatest and most creative ever in the history of music.  Yet did they receive acclaim or riches?  Meanwhile others of mediocre talents were lauded and showered with all the human spirit could desire.<br />The arrangements on this disc are outstanding and as always Billie is indescribable.  A MUST HAVE CD!
B000000H3W|4.0|You will head bang throughout the whole album... Desperate Cry is the standout track!!!
0446608955|5.0|This is an excellent book with a surprising ending.  I had no idea where the author planned to take me.  If you have never read a book by Nicholas Sparks start with this one.  The story is timeless and sweet.  This book is worth every penny!
B00005A1PR|5.0|This CD is awesome!!!! It is a must have for everyone's CD collection. I like all of the songs on this CD, especially &quot;Beautiful&quot;, &quot;Brown Skin&quot;, &quot;NAture&quot; and &quot;Always In My Head&quot;. Practically every song has a message which you don't usually find in today's music. When I first heard &quot;Video&quot; on the radio I loved the song. But I am always hesitant to buy a CD without hearing at least two songs first. This was not the case for Miss India. Arie! I do not regret this purchase, it was so worth the wait. Listening to this CD gives me a feeling of euphoria and it will be one of my favorite CD's from now on!!<br />You are wonderful INDIA!!!!
B0000027RL|5.0|There really isn't much I can say about this album that hasn't already been stated in other reviews.  Ten is a solid album; every song is meaningful and worth listening to.  The album is unique because there really never was (and probably never will be) a band like Pearl Jam.  The only odd thing about this album is it doesn't catch on right away.  I have owned it for a few months now but never really got into it until recently.  At first listen, nothing really stands out aside from the singles, but after listening to it again and again, I grew to appreciate it more and more.  I don't know what it is about Ten, but you just have to be patient and let it grow on you.  It is well worth the effort.
B00000JWV4|5.0|Depending on your world view, you'll either dismiss &quot;Field Of Dreams&quot; as cloying new age hokum for aging hippie NPR-supporting lefties, or you'll find it a magical,emotionally resonant modern-day Capra-esque fable. Although star Kevin Costner gives one of his more appealing performances (before his ego got the better of him), it's the venerable presence of both James Earl Jones (quite memorable as a J.D. Salinger-type author) and Burt Lancaster (a class act as always, in one of his final screen roles) that give the movie some real heft. Ray Liotta and Amy Madigan are both cast against type as a benevolent ghost and Costner's feisty yet unconditionally loving wife, repectively. A definite one-of-a-kind movie experience, despite several attempts since by other filmmakers to capture the same magic (&quot;Contact&quot; and &quot;Frequency&quot; were nice tries, but fell short of the mark).
B000002J20|5.0|After reading many of the previous reviews and having heard many opinions by listeners and the actual band members alike I feel annoyed and angry about the process of judging this piece of music.  I read people saying which piece they like, which section they like, that this should have been left off or this is good or this is bad.  A piece of music and especially this piece of music is a living, breathing thing.  The Ancient is a great piece of music because it is so jarring, because of the &quot;ugly&quot; sounding slide guitar that precedes the eventual resolution to acoustic guitar.  I hear from beginning to end inspired and awesomely original music that doesn't follow a pattern originated on Close to the Edge for how a 20 minute composition is supposed to be structured.  I worship every &quot;ugly&quot; sound that resolves into something beautiful.  I know of no other Yes composition like it nor of any other music in the world like it.  I believe it has a sound, style &quot;tinta&quot; that begins from the very first note and never waivers till the end of Ritual.  And I become the most angry when I realize that Yes let themselves be lead off the amazing path they were following by letting all the negative reactions affect their development.  This music should be appreciated as a whole and hopefully someday they might play the whole thing live again so we could hear what it can become.
B00004RF9I|5.0|Back in 1976, we sat in dark theatres, feeling superior to the people at home watching &quot;Rhoda&quot;, smugly chortling at &quot;Network&quot;'s outlandish scenario of a major American television network &quot;striking the motherlode&quot; with reality based programming. Now, twenty-five years later, we can't be distracted to look up from our Darla Conger worship page long enough to watch the ten-second promo for &quot;Boot Camp&quot; blaring out of the TV. Paddy Cheyevsky's visionary screenplay works on so many levels...from savage socio-political-sexual satire to a cannily Orwellian knack for predicting trends like the giant media mergers of the 90's and the general &quot;dumbing down&quot; of American culture since the release of &quot;Jaws&quot; (Future  anthropologists will never believe that &quot;Newtork&quot; and &quot;Jaws&quot; were in theatres at the same time...guess which trend has become the norm). There are too many great performances to itemize; a dream ensemble includes William Holden, Faye Dunaway, Peter Finch, Robert Duvall and Ned Beatty. The film's credibility as a true &quot;insider&quot; view of TV network corporate culture is bolstered by the fact that both screewriter Cheyevsky and director Sidney Lumet got thier start working on programs like &quot;Playhouse 90&quot; during American TV's much vaunted &quot;Golden Age&quot;. Required viewing...don't touch that dial!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dear, sweet Dido!  She may claim to be &quot;no angel&quot; but she has the voice of one.  And she may not be an &quot;angle&quot; but I think she's &quot;acute&quot;!!!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Many people have had very negative reviews towards this movie. Claiming it was a rip off from Braveheart, the acting was horrible, and the visual effects were worse. From reading these reviews I've come to realize that these people wouldn't know what taste was if it slapped them on the face with a brandishing iron.<br />While many epic stories share the same qualities, love, war, hero or anti-hero pursuing a quest...Gladiator was unique that it portrayed the soul of an epic hero with greater clarity and vision than any other movie I have ever seen.<br />Russel Crowe was brilliant as Maximus, a once-great general turned Gladiator.  While some say that Crowe was emotionless, they obviously didn't see the scene where he mourns for the slaughter of his wife and child, the very thing that kept him going for 10 years of battle.  I was greatly moved by that scene and felt the anger, despair, and shock that the Gladiator also felt.  And the ability to make the audience feel moved is, by my definition, the mark of a truly great actor.<br />I could go on for pages about this movie, but suffice it to say that it was one of the best movies of the past year and well-deserving of the Acadamy Awards it received.  It's nice to see that in an industry based on avarice can still produce a truly remarkable movie.
B000002MTU|5.0|This effort from Clapton is his best since the \\"Layla\\" days. He focused on playing the guitar and less on the vocals. The only clunker here is \\"Driftin'\\", where the singing sounds a little silly. For the last 20 years he got caught in commercialism and let alot of other guitar players like Santana, Jeff Beck and Buddy Guy  leave him at the station. Eric temporarily is back.
B00005AFVR|3.0|Remember when fans used to wonder if Bruce would EVER put out an album of live material??  It seems like that is all he releases these days, and at least half of the songs featured here are available in live form on his previous concert collections.  Strangely, despite improvements in live recording, this album sounds worse than his earlier LIVE 75-85 and MTV PLUGGED efforts.  Hopefully his reunion with the E-Streeters will produce something more substantial in the studio.
B00003CXB2|5.0|Lawrence of Arabia is a GREAT WORK of ART. I have seen this film sevral times. I HAVN'T SEEN THE DVD EDTION YET BUT I'M GOING TO. I RENTED IT. If you ever get the chance read the book this is taken from. T.E. LAWRENCE WROTE IT THE BOOK'S TITLE IS (THE SEVEN PILLARS OF WISDOM). IF HE WASN'T KILLED (MURDERD-WHILE HE WAS RIDING HIS MOTORCICAL(MOTORBIKE)SOME ONE SHOT THE TIERS. SOMEBODY ALSO TAMPERD WITH THE BREAKS. HE COULD HAVE RALLED THE ARAB PEOPLE TO FIGHT THE NAZIS AS WELL AS THE JAPANIESE IN CHINA. IN THE LATE 1930's EARLY 1940's. CHINA MIGHT NOT HAVE GONE COMUNIST IN 1947/1948. SHIG KI SHECK MAY HAVE BEEN ABALE TO KEEP CHINA FREE. WHO KNOWS? WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!! THANK YOU VERY MUCH.  THERE'S SO MUTCH HE MIGHT HAVE DONE. ONE REASON THE PALISTINIAN(PLO)PEOPLE WERE SO UPSET 50 YEARS AGO OR SO. IS BECOUSE ISRAL WAS MADE A COUNTRY THEY HAD TO FIGHT FOR IT IN 1947 BUT THE U.N. GRANTED THEM THE COUNTRY. ARABIA HAD PATIONED(ASKED) AND WERE PROMISED THERE OWN COUNTRY (ARABIA) IN THE END OF WORLD WAR 1 IN 1918 AT VARSILLI,FRANCE. THEN THE ALLIED NATIONS BROKE THERE WORD. THEY WANTED TO KEEP THE LAND FOR THEMSELVES MAYBE THEY KNEW OIL WAS THERE. IT WASN'T DISCOVERD UNTILL 1948.AFTER WORLD WAR 2. THERE'S A TRUE STORY OF A BEDAWIN (ARAIB MAN)HE WALKED THROUGH THE SAHARA DEASERT FOR DAYS TO A BRITISH ARMY BASE THE BRITISH SOLDURS GAVE HIM FOOD AND WATER. THE ONLY THING HE KEPT SAYING (ASKING) WAS WHERE IS LAWRENCE (ORAWRENCE)? BUT HE HAD DIED SOME YEARS BEFORE. AGAIN THANK YOU VERY MUCH.4/4/2001. 11:35P.M.
B00005AFVR|4.0|Anybody who saw Bruce and Co. on the last tour has been waiting breathlessly for this album and the wait was worth it.  The compilation of the included tunes is curious but can only be explained by the tie-in to the HBO special.  Apparently, Bruce's conscience got ot him so he added six songs to the package and later &quot;Born to Run&quot; to bring the track total to 20 (the same number as the tour shows.)    Unfortunately, the additional songs are shoe-horned onto the back of each CD which really ruins the flow of a supposedly unified concert recording.  (The reason the CD is not as long as the shows is that both the between song applause and some of the longer songs have been trimmed although you wouldn't know it unless you had seen the shows.) Individually, the songs are incredible - the repeats (&quot;Badlands&quot;, &quot;10th Avenue Freeze Out&quot;, etc.) are much better than the old Live Box Set and the new ones are amazing.  &quot;Youngstown&quot; and &quot;Murder, Inc.&quot; are getting deserved buzz in the chat rooms - if you care about guitars you must own this. The set is worth the price for &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams&quot; alone.  Still, it could have been so much better if they had taken the time to re-mix the additional tracks in.  Also, deduct 1/2 star for omitting &quot;Light of Day&quot;.
B000002LR6|5.0|i bought this quite a while back i think it was in 1992 together with the earlier released &quot;the mind is a terrible thing to taste&quot;. i still remember when i first listened to &quot;the mind...&quot; i was blown away. i listened to it for a week without even touching &quot;psalm 69&quot;. when i first tossed it into my stereo i thought it just couldnt match &quot;the mind...&quot;. hell was i suprised. after the brilliant opener &quot;n.w.o&quot; the album even accelerated with the brilliant &quot;just one fix&quot; and it didn't slow down till the title track. from there the album changed the direction a bit into a less agressive (which doesnt mean that it wasnt agressive anymore it still kicked) more industrial influenced style. overall the first half is VERY good (even better then &quot;the mind...&quot;) but the second half slows it all a bit down. i think it is good this way because full speed 70 mins album would be kinda annoying.
B00000HYXB|5.0|I can't say much more than y'all have already said about this album.What I *will* say is that I had already bought the import copy forlike or something crazy before this US version came out, and when afriend of mine got it, I noticed they translated all the story/linernotes inside (which are in German/Japanese in the other versions) intoEnglish.  It really helped understand the whole storyline and concepta lot better, and I thought that was a great touch -- so I bought thisversion right away!  Can't wait for the next one, and you also can'tgo wrong with &quot;Somewhere Far Beyond&quot;,&quot;Imaginations&quot;, &quot;Tales&quot; and the live album alsokicks!
B00000099Y|5.0|so, i bought this back in 1996 when it was released and i expected it to be more commercial than the already very good &quot;undertow&quot;. hell was i wrong. this album is just perfect. it's hard to describe what i feel when i listen to &quot;aenima&quot;. the music is dark, deep and nightmarish still it helps to produce a good mood when i listen to it. it is very complex and well written. it has the coolest lyrics around... short this album is perfect. period.
0792156684|2.0|The effects ARE good, but that is nothing special these days, is it? What annoys me most about the film is that they have taken a historical event which is, by its very nature, set at an historical period. However this doesn't stop the film makers who are supposedly trying to make everything as authentic and detailed as possible from giving us a story that simply defies the social behavior of people of the time. To what am I referring? Well, there is NO WAY that the lower class would have even seen each other during the voyage, let alone allowing one of them to walk around on the upper decks or invite them to soirees. NO WAY!  The upper class treated the lower class like scum in those days. It is a social fact that has been deliberately misrepresented. Hollywood!  And she is supposed to give up on her whole social class and go off with a poor man whom she loves. We are supposed to believe that she is willing to give up her life of luxury for such thing. Love has no bounds I hear you saying, but come on, face it! Love doesn't go that far, especially in those days.  This is an overrated film, and would someone mind telling me just what women see in Mr De Caprio! Do you know how short the guy is? This film was so overhyped that people were brain washed into loving it. Another thing! people DIED on the Titanic. that isn't entertainment.
0553282980|3.0|I've watched the movie in school (part for part, because our teacher loves it to interrupt) and I've read the book,...well... at least not the whole, but I can say that watching the movie &quot;Dead Poets Society&quot; is really more fascinating and exciting than reading it. You get a deeper impression of the characters, of their feelings and thoughts. And of course the atmosphere of the school, Welton Academy, is a must and you do not find that in the book. With Robin Williams as the mainactor the movie has a great &quot;Hollywood-potential&quot; and that makes it a lot worther to watch. It's quality. It's a dramatical story (-although it has it's fun-moments-) about thought-control by school and ruling parents.<br />But,... enjoy it yourself!
B000059XUT|5.0|I must have watched Toy Story 50 times in the past month with my 3 year old son. I think that I love this movie as much as he does!!<br />A great story, it's nice to see an animated movie that DOESN'T focus on violence, rudeness, and bad language like so much that is out today!! Toy Story is simply about friendship and acceptance. (Although Buzz and Woody do get into a fight at the gas station!) The voices of Tim Allen and Tom Hanks are a great addition to this incredible movie.<br />Lastly, the annimation of Toy Story sets a new standard! Absolutely incredible detail, facial expressions, shadowing, and overall movement of the characters. Great computer annimation!! You will never see another annimated show the same way after being &quot;spoiled&quot; by Toy Story. This movie will appeal to anyone- great family entertainment!!
B000050XEI|2.0|I scarcely know where to begin; this release is truly an ill-conceived and barbarous barrage of grotesquely performed and arranged clichs. I liken it to being bludgeoned with a rubber mallet or being sprayed by the perfume lady at the mall. <br />For starters, the disc is only 35 minutes long; there was not much hope for redemption once I had listened to the first half minute of the first track and immediately skipped to the second, and then to the third, and then to the fourth...<br />I tried turning it up, I tried turning it down, I tried changing the settings on my stereo, all to no avail. This cd is unlistenable, with the sole exception of the last track, &quot;Lazy Days&quot;, and it will rapidly find its way to the cd resale shop. <br />Everything about it is crass and commercial, with none of the depth and breadth of feeling that made her first albums so special. <br />Shepherd Moons is to my thinking the finest of Enya's releases, and if you happen to own that disc, hold on to it, treasure it, because if her future releases are as poor as this one, there is nothing more to look forward to from dear Enya.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie represent the beauty of anime along with a few other like Ghost in the Shell,Laputa,Ninja Scroll and Street FighterII.This anime is really one for you to see,it is beautifully made with a very fitting plot,music,voices and animation.When I first watched this one I was totally amazed with the hard work that these people had to make to create such a beautiful work.Rumors says that DISNEY didn't want to register this one under its name,don't ask me why but they are the one who are messing it.This anime is better than all the silly things that DISNEY can make in its whole life.If you really want to experience the true feeling of watching a pretty good anime now you really need to buy this one.10 stars for it if it's possible!!!
B00003CXB2|5.0|This is one of those Deserted Island movies; the ones you don't even need to think twice about taking with you.  The long-awaited DVD release of David Lean's epic is well worth the wait, and then some.  The video transfer is immaculate, and is the best-looking edition of the film to date.  Everything ,from the package design down to the menu screens, gives this masterpiece the respect and treatment it richly deserves.  As with any restored film, sometimes the restored elements aren't quite as clean as the original-edition elements, but these are rare and only noticeable to A/V diehards and LAWRENCE fans.  The vast majority of this film shows just how glorious Panavision Super-70 mm truly was (is?), and seeing it this format truly does it the most justice short of a theatrical screening of a newly-minted print.  The sound quality is bright and clear, and shows the best that can be done with a 40-year-old film that was never intended for an unimagined digital format.  The supplemental materials on disc 2 are fun, entertaining, and copious.  Also, the correct placement of the Intermission music, before the second part on disc 2 and NOT after the end of the 1st part on disc 1(as on the previous laserdisc releases), is a welcome surprise that helps recapture a bygone era of cinema.  In short, this is the best edition of one of the greatest films ever made, and belongs in everyone's home video library.
0679405631|4.0|Wilkie Collins' convoluted suspense novel rings loudly of the Victorian era -- class, conflict, gothic imagery, and, of course, the Dickensian style of longwinded, though evocative, prose. The Woman in White is truly a classic. Count Fosco and Frederick Fairlie will long remain in my memory as unusual creations. Fosco, in particular, is a remarkable concoction: big and fat, but strong and quick; highly intelligent, yet conniving and evil. The protagonist, Walter Hartright, brings us the story in the words of a middle-class hero, who speaks easily to nobility and the lower classes alike. In the eerie opening scene, Hartright encounters the Woman in White on a dark country road. She appears as a ghost at his shoulder and startles him. He helps her escape the police. Thus begins his quest to uncover her identity and to unearth the mystery surrounding Limmeridge House and the Woman in White.<br />Invest in The Woman in White. You'll be glad you finished it.
B000005L86|5.0|An unbelievable fusion of Spirituality , Pan-Africanism and rootsy gospel vocals . 12 melodic masterpieces sung by a group at the height of their powers , the vocals and harmonies are absolutely stunning .<br />   The album was recorded at the legendary Black Ark studio and produced by the idiosyncratic Lee Perry whose magic and eccentric touch ( is that a goat or a cow that he's using as an instrument ) gives this album an otherworldly feel . The record was released in 1977 and the legend has grown ever since .<br />   This is probably the definitive version of the album as it is longer than any of the previous issues and also comes with an extra disc of alternative mixes . Blood &amp; Fire have also done an excellent job with the digital remastering , giving the album a crisp and clear sound whilst retaining the organic feel of the Black Ark studio . All in all , the remastering and packaging does justice to an album that many people rightly regard as one of the finest musical treasures to have come out of Jamaica ( and that's saying something ! )
630575067X|1.0|I'm certainly glad I didn't waste my free movie pass to see this movie. I waited until a friend loaned me his VHS copy, but still I felt cheated. Lucas dashed off a no-hearted effort on this one. It was like an especially weak Sci-Fi Channel production. In fact, it's not even up to those standards. Lucas acts as though neither special effects nor audience tastes have progressed since the late seventies, when Star Wars was somewhat innovative. What a worthless story line. The scorecard of political intrigues certainly wasn't worth following. I can't remember when I've seen a movie with so little character development. The acting was abysmal, with the exception of Liam Neeson. The quiet dignity he brought to his role was very effective, but wasted. His good acting made the terrible acting of everyone else around him look even worse. Lucas was obviously influenced by the wooden acting of the various popular Star Trek series. The kid that played Anakin and the woman who played the queen were especially terrible. The character of Binks had no endearing qualities to him, so I assume he was placed in the movie solely to annoy us. Lucas sleepwalked his way through this one. I've seen many terrible movies in my day, but this is the first one in which I felt cheated out of two hours of my life.
B000002HAF|5.0|I'll be honest, I have never heard of the Pixies before until recently. I first came across the Pixies because the song &quot;Where Is My Mind&quot; closes out one of my favorite films of all time - Fight Club (it was the perfect song for that movie). The song is one of my favorites, now. That is one of the best songs on the album, but it's not the only good song on the album. This album is jam packed with classics like Tony's Theme (&quot;This song is about a superhero named Tony!&quot;), Gigantic, and Bone Machine. I've heard some of those songs before, but I had no idea that they were done by the Pixies. My version, though, is the one with Surfer Rosa and Come On Pilgrim sandwiched onto one disc. Some of the better songs are also on Come On Pilgrim, like Nimrod's Son, I've Been Fired, and Ed is Dead. It's a shame that The Pixies never really got their dues, since Nirvana came along and completely overshadowed them. They are definately one of the best and most underrated bands of alternative rock, past and present. If you consider yourself a serious alt-rock music fan, you need to have this album in your collection.
B000003S09|5.0|Despite many people (including celebrity sadistic Kurt cobain)claiming Red to be the best Crimson album,I'm sure this is better...the contributions of Greg Lake,Ian McDonald and Michael Giles are valuable to the usual talent of Robert Fripp. Im pretty sure this is a grup effort,a time when not all credit went to Fripp:I think Ian McDonald is brilliant.<br />1)21st Schizoid Man is brilliant,although it sticks out like a sore thumb amongst the other songs on the album.<br />2)I talk to the Wind-my favourite track I think,brilliant  lyrics,good tune with a magical flute.Even if the part where the track seemingly ends and then starts up again is a bit tiring (the same thing happens in the last song)<br />3)Epitaph-this may sound stupid,but it's my least favourite track (not that I think it's rubbish,every track on the album is good) although it's very emotional,with outstanding vocals from Mr.Lake.<br />4)Moonchild-a lovely song,magical-when listening I always imagine a child with milky skin,silver hair wearing a white gown,dancing in a massive manor garden in the night. Somebody wrote a review complaining that the long bit at the end of the song is amateurish,like 3 year olds in a studio,or something.I have to disagree.In the right frame of mind the Illusion sends you off to another world,full of imagery,sound,darkness and beauty...almost a beautiful parody of Pink Floyd's Interstellar Overdrive or Saucerful of Secrets.<br />5)The Court of the Crimson King-another favourite of mine,the best part is when you think the track ends,and then an amateur played organ comes back in-I also love McDonalds flute solo.Perhaps longer than necessary.But then,King Crimson,or this version anyway,seem to have a problem ending songs properly.<br />Why did this band have to split?They could've been much better,but then McDonald,who I think is brilliant,disbanded when work began on their second album,Lake leaving after that to join Emerson Lake and Palmer of legend.<br />IF YOU HAVE READTHIS,KNOW THAT I HAVE CURSED YOU,WITH AN IMMORTAL URGE TO BUY THIS ALBUM AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!
0553213105|5.0|I found that this novel is one of the best I have ever read. When I was young, I read Nancy Drew, Perry Mason, and Agatha Christie novels like food. I found the titles of such classics as Pride and Predjudice, One Flew over the cuckoos nest, The Great Gatsby, Death of a Saleman, and Wuthering Heights, to be pretentious; and if they didn't have murder and suspense, I didn't bother opening the cover. But one day while watching A&amp;E, I saw a glimpse of the BBC production of Pride and Prejudice, and I was hooked. I was amazed that a book written way before my time could be of any worth. After watching the movie, I picked up the book, and read it from cover to cover. I found that Mr. Darcy and Ms. Bennett were intriguing characters, and I was utterly surprised when Mr. Darcy confessed his &quot;ardent love&quot; for her, also when he wrote the long letter of rebuttal to her claims to his bad character. At first, you despise Mr. Darcy, but as the book progresses, you find yourself liking him more and more. This whole book was very well-written and interesting, and now ranks with my favorite novels of all time, along with the classics listed above. For those who don't see how special and unique this book is, I suggest that you watch the video (starring Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth), because anyone who has ever seen it that i know of has turned into a huge english literature fan.
B000031XCR|3.0|What can I say? Celine Dion is lucky. She gets to sing fantastic material like &quot;Then you look at me&quot;, &quot;Live&quot;, &quot;To Love you more&quot;. But as usual, she gets carried away and starts YELLING her head off as if she has to prove that she's giving it all she's got. I think she actually has a good voice but throughout this album and her career one clearly feels EXCESSIVE dynamic variation- she's WAAAY too loud in some places. And that's the unfortunate part: it irritates when it should elate.<br />Buy this CD if you like good songwriting and arrangement. The recording quality is reasonable.
0064409422|4.0|I have been reading this book to my eight-year-old son at bedtime.  He is absolutely fascinated by it!  I read it myself, years ago, but I forgot how wonderful it is.  We had a discussion about the hidden meanings in the story, so he can appreciate the book both as a work of literature and an allegory of the Crucifixion and Resurrection (especially appropriate since we are reading it during Lent). <br />My only caveat is that some parts of this book are pretty sexist (such as when Lucy and Susan are sternly told that women don't go into battle), but my son understands that attitudes change over time.
B000002GYI|5.0|Is Kraftwerk more influential than the Beatles? Perhaps so; just listen to electronica today. All flavors and venues can trace to the sound of Kraftwerk. They were certainly 20 to 30 years ahead of their time. Every track of this CD is an auditory epic experience, enough to transport your mind to a different world. If you do not have this necessary CD in your library; you MUST get this. You will not be disappointed.
B000003S1A|5.0|This is really a most amazing album, and I don't have much to add to the other comments - except that I've heard a story about the making of Thela Hun Ginjeet.  Supposedly they were stalled on the song - or maybe Adrian was stalled with the lyrics, but - supposedly - he actually experienced the altercation described.  He got to the studio and told Robert about it, and then when he started to tell the tale to someone else, Robert surreptitiously recorded it and they pasted it into the track.  Voila!  Not sure where I heard this, maybe an interview or through a friend who studied with Fripp some years ago, in his other role as transmitter of Gurdgieffian philosphy &amp; methods.
0393038912|5.0|An elegantly concieved and well executed exploration of the effects of geography and prehistory on the state of modern societies. The author makes the effort to trace the causes for why different societies evolved the way they did as far back as one can go. Most histories give the what, or only the proximal why. This very ambitious book attempts to give the ultimate why.<br />True, there are lots of expositions of the data behind the theories. Some reviewers think it is fluff or just burdensome to read but these expositions are necessary to make the point convincingly. The people whose racist notions he is rebutting require that his points be made very convincingly and thoroughly. Sadly, it's still not enough to undo the wrong-headed racist views that some hold. Although it is hardly the main point of the book, the book is a thorough rebuttal of racism.<br />The reviewer who thought that this book represents racism against whites has missed the point entirely. The author's point, in this case, is that modern culture (TV in particular) provides activities for children that can inhibit intellectual and social growth. You may accept or reject this thesis, but don't think for a minute that it is racist.
6300270424|3.0|I was born in 1977 (around the time they cancelled the tour when Plant's son died), so I never got to see the Zep in concert. So I was pretty excited when I heard that this video was available a while back.<br /> But there are a few things that I noticed. Plant sounded like he was losing his voice, the music wasn't always synched with the video, too many &quot;cheesy&quot; (IMO anyway) effects, etc. This couldn't possibly have been the best footage available, could it? As much of a ZepHead as I am, I still cannot call this the best representation of them on film. It isn't, from what I've seen otherwise.<br />Most expensive home movie ever made? Feels like it. I enjoyed the music, but the visual needed more work.
B00005214X|5.0|Where did George come from? It seems as though he crept out of nowhere and then BAM! All Things Must Pass came out. The quality is so much better, when they said original recording remastered they meant it. The Bonus tracks are an extra incentive to buying. And plus the fact that it is just classic rock at it's finest. All of the songs are very typical George Harrison and I love it that way! Beatles fans, classic rocks, or anyone interested in this CD, go ahead. Buy it, I think you'll enjoy it as much as I do.
0812550757|4.0|Speaker for the Dead is the best book in the Ender Wiggins series. You can't even put it in with Ender's Game because you can probably get away with reading either book as seperate stories. That's the brilliance of these two books: Just as in real life a man's lifestory cannot be told in one volume. He changes in the interveining years. I loved the theme and premise for this book so much that I ran right out and read Xenocide and Children of the mind. I regretted that decision. Both were long, boring and intolerable. By the end of Children I cared little except having time to read another more worthwhile book.<br />Even though Speaker for the Dead continues I would recomend you stop with that one and read Orson Scott Card's other works instead.
0062511408|5.0|Habia escuchado hablar muy bien de este libro, pero no pense que fuera tan impresionante. Es un libro que cuando empiezas lo empiezas a leer no terminas de leerlo hasta que acaba. Si alguna vez te has sentido que estas triste, que todo te sale mal, que la vida es injusta, leelo, veras que todo eso que sientes tu mismo podras cambiarlo. Se lo recomiendo a todo tipo de persona en especial a los que quieren hacer un cambio en su vida.
B000002U8A|4.0|I like &quot;Cracks in the Pavement&quot;! Didn't give the disc too many listens before I made my first review. I give this third studio release 4 stars for being incredibly fun and featuring some very tight and creative song-writing. It's rock music that is created with dance in mind. What I love about these guys, still playing strong as ever today, is that they have such catchy hooks with a pop/rock flavour, and they write some of the most excellent, mature songs (e.g. &quot;Seventh Stranger&quot; on this release). Any critics who dismiss them as &quot;bubblegum&quot; isn't really listening.
B00004U2HK|5.0|Someone gave me this movie when I was around 7 years old. It sat on my shelf for years before I watched it. What a mistake!! I am 22 now and I watch this movie at LEAST once a week!Working in the mental health profession, it really helps me relax! In 2099 I hope everyone will still be singing about their favorite things!
B00003CX5A|5.0|&quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is epiclly gorgeous,full of eye-popping visuals,and rip-roaring action.Tim Burton,the creator of singular masterpieces like Edward Scissorhands and Beetlejuice outdoese himself here,presenting his most visionary film yet.Based on the look and feel of classic &quot;Hammer&quot; horror films of the fifties and sixties,the film largely takes place on an expertly crafted soundstage,giving the scenes in the woods and around the fabled town of Sleepy Hollow a classicly evocative feel.Tim Burton is an expert at creating atmospheres,and here he imbues the film with a perfectly forboding,autumnal resonense that's perfect for Holloween,it may become the October 31st classic that movies like &quot;Frankenstien&quot; are now.The film stars Johnny Depp,one of the most fearlessly dedicated actors working today,as the indomitable Ichabod Crane,the New York constable(it's 1799)sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate several murders where the victim's heads were lopped off&quot;clean as dandilion heads&quot;,as the great Christopher Lee puts it in sly cameo.Crane is a great believer in sense and reason,and the scientific,logical explanations behind things.He's convinced that the murders in Sleepy Hollow are the work of a flesh-and-blood man,and will find him through practical investigations.His journey,&quot;three days to the north&quot;,sets the tone of the film.His carriage ride through beautifully wrought landscapes,backed by Danny Elfman's sweeping score,establishes a thrilling mood that is only strengthened once he arrives.The fog enshrouded town seems to envelop him as he walks down it's main street,with frightened residents closing thier shudders at the intrusion.He sees young men setting up embattlements and loading muskets.Upon arrival at the house of Baltus Van Tassel,one of a close knit-conspirational group of town elders,he meets Katrina Van Tassel,played by a radiantly georgeous Christina Ricci.He's introduced to the other characters-Reverend Steenwyke,played by the priceless Jeffery Jones,Magistrate Phillipse,Notary Hardenbrook,and Doctor Lancaster.It's clear that Ichabod Crane's presence puts them ill at ease as they spin the chilling yarn of the Hessian mercenary who was slain in battle and has returned from the grave th reap vengence on the townspoeple.Ichabod,of coarse,doesn't believe the fantasic story,instead positing the existance of a real human murderer,which sends the elders into a fit of eye-shifting and murmuring.He then sets out to solve the puzzle,eventually encountering the horseman,which sends him into a philisophical tailspin,and forces him to approach this case from a completely illogical standpoint,or as he puts it&quot;to pit myself against a murdering ghost&quot;.We see flashbacks to his childhood,and dark events that led to his current resolute state of mind,even as they're being challenged to the core by the events unfolding before him.There's also a surprisingly tender(if under developed) romance between Ichabod and Katrina,as she beguiles him with her &quot;white magic&quot;.Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci give fine performances,finding the heart and intelligence in thier characters,and lending a grounding sense of believability even as the heads start piling up.The overall sense of this film is something deep and primal,it hints at the origins of fairy tales,as well demonstrating why they retain such a hold on our collective psyche,tapping into elemental fears,and confronting them.It's thrilling,moody,frightening,funny,completely absorbing and smashingly entertaining.&quot;It's A Wonderful LIfe&quot; is often called the perfect Christmas film.Well,say hello to the perfect Holloween film.
0393312836|4.0|I read this book a couple of years ago, and to say that it scared and thrilled me is almost an understatement. Burgess' use of language is fantastic, creating a slang that's as disturbing as it is confusing. The story itself is especially interesting for the times we live in. The only thing I disliked was the added final chapter. It seemed to be tacked on, even though it was originally in the text. That's why this only gets 4 of 5 stars. Aside from that, it's one of my favorite books of all time. ^_^
B000002LRX|5.0|&quot;Angel Dust&quot; the follow up to Faith No More's breakthrough &quot;The Real Thing&quot; sees the band making a quantum leap beyond the updated prog and proto rap-metal of that album into a rarified realm all it's own.The band's sound was already astounding,leaping between genres with impunity following it's own twisted muse with very little concern about mainstream acceptance.That's certainly true of &quot;Angel Dust&quot; evident from the acid-fried carny ride of the opener,&quot;Land Of Sunshine&quot;,and it's ironic self-help manifestos festooned with insane cackling.&quot;RV&quot; is positively Tom Wiats-ian,with a slyly dark first-person narrative from a burnt-out trailer park refugee.&quot;Be Aggressive&quot; is a jaw-dropper: an organ-fuled funk stomper that features an irresistable half-time cheer chorus,with real cheerleaders! And on bruising,transcendantly intense tracks like &quot;Midlife Crisis&quot;,&quot;Smaller and Smaller&quot;,and Caffeine&quot;,the power and brutal grace of the unit shines brightly:despite it's sometimes sopophoric dependence on shock lyrics and lurid,pulpy horror show atmospherics,this is a tight,accomplished and formally wrought band,capable of stunningly sweeping soundscapes like &quot;Kindergarten&quot; and &quot;A Small Victory&quot;(which resembles some miraculous duet between Elton John and Public Enemy).This album is highly recommended for those who like thier music to be challenging and completely original.
B00004XQ83|5.0|It's a great album. It's fantastic to get to put American treasures like Norman Blake out there for a bigger audience.  Buy this album and then buy some Norman Blake CDs and some Peter Rowan and Monroe Brothers and Flatt &amp; Scruggs and Stanley Brothers and Sam Bush and John Hartford and Tony Rice and Jerry Douglas and Doc Watson and on and on....
0375704027|5.0|I had read and enjoyed Haruki Murakami's tetralogy (Hear the Wind Sing, Pinball, A Wild Sheep Chase, and Dance Dance Dance), and I loved his Wind-Up Bird Chronicle novel, but I was ready for something new. <br />In reviews and on websites, I had read over and over about Norwegian Wood, the &quot;straightforward&quot; novel that was published years ago in Japan, which still was not for sale in the states, since there was not an authorized translation available. This novel sold a HUGE number of copies in Japan. I was wondering: I love those other novels by Murakami. Are they so demanding? Complicated? If Norwegian Wood is so much simpler than the other novels, will I even like Norwegian Wood?<br />The plot: It's the late 1960's. College student Toru falls in love with the girlfriend of his (dead) best friend. She eventually becomes ill (though not physically ill) and has to leave to live under special circumstances, far away from him. While she's gone, he meets Midori, a college student who obviously is interested in him. But he's holding out for his girlfriend Naoko. Never knowing if she will recover from her ailment and be able to rejoin him in society, he goes to classes, sells phonograph records at night, and spends some time with Midori. He visits Naoko a few times, gets to know her wacky roommate/friend/mentor Reiki, and eventually he has to decide between a life with Naoko (without Naoko?) or with Midori. Throw in a bizarre Geography-major roommate nicknamed &quot;Storm Trooper,&quot; a scene where Midori (badly) sings folk songs to our Toru while they watch a neighborhood fire from the balcony above her parents' bookshop, and assorted other hilarious/bizarre characters and passages, and you've got vintage Haruki Murakami.<br />My favorite scene is one in which Midori takes Toru to visit her ill father in the hospital. He's so ill he can barely eat or speak, but Toru convinces Midori to enjoy a respite, and take a walk by herself out to a park in town. Toru isleft alone with this bedridden stranger, in a situation that would seem forced, harsh, and impossible to enjoy, yet they make some very odd and touching inroads with each other. It's very unusual, and perfect in just the way that so many of Murakami's scenes seem to be.<br />The novel isn't as complex as Haruki's other work, and it's missing some of the magical realist / sci-fi / unexplainable elements that were so prevalent in Dance Dance Dance, Wild Sheep Chase, and Wind-Up Bird Chronicle. However, this novel is just as enjoyable, and just as worthwhile. This novel has a sustained emotional depth that other works by Murakami only achieve in passages. <br />If you're a fan of modern literature at all, do yourself a favor. Read Norwegian Wood, and read Wind-Up Bird Chronicle. <br />ken32
B00003CXRP|5.0|Let me start by saying that I liked this movie - a lot.  I think most viewers miss the point from the get-go, i.e., the title.  It is &quot;Cast Away&quot; - two words.  Not one word (as for example, in Gilligan's Island).  Hanks is &quot;cast away&quot; from society.  How he deals with it, and how he tries to deal with being thrust back into society, are the focal points of the film.  It was a film that I thought about over and over in the weeks after seeing it.  It is a Greek tragedy.  Perhaps critics were looking for another &quot;Sleepless in Seattle&quot;.  This film is not it.  There is much criticism regarding the ending.  I confess that I fail to see what's wrong with the ending.  I believe it is realistic.  Perhaps people want a traditional Hollywood &quot;happy&quot; ending.  Life's not like that.  Some viewer's have also picked nits over silly details - like the fact that Hank's fingernails are too nicely manicured for a man stranded on an island for 5 years.  Sheesh!  Since when did a lack of realism in movies ever bother anyone?  I also give Hanks and Zemeckis kudos for not relying on swearing, nudity, sex, or any other modern gimmick which movie makers use to compensate for a lack of plot and acting.
0446677450|5.0|Most books written about building wealth are generally infomercials in print.  This book, however, makes very good points without a lot of hype.<br />Rich Dad Poor Dad shows a unique contrast between two key figures in the author's life.  The book isn't just a motivational book, like an infomercial, and also doesn't just have some fail-safe plan to follow to riches.<br />The author made the book concise, had excellent points that really made me think about my view on wealth-building, and still inspired me enough to try to change my financial course.  I highly recommend this book to anyone sincerely seeking financial security and freedom.
B00003CXAR|5.0|The 25th anniversary deluxe repackaging of Jaws gives this classic the presentation it deserves.Full of goodies like interviews,behind the scenes vignettes(particularly entertaining) as well as a trivia game to test your knowledge of sharks,this is a must have.The film itself,is ,of coarse,one of the best ever,a beautifully simple story told with pitch-perfect skill and executed grandly.Great performances,spectacular direction,instantly recognizable score-this film set the standard for summer entertainment that has been equalled,but never surpassed.This belongs in everyone's DVD collection.
0553282980|4.0|Rewiew of DPS At school we watched the film in the English lessons and I think it was a very good thing. It was very interesting. The only bad thing was that our English teacher always stopped the film and explained everything very thoroughly. We weren't able to just lean back and enjoy the film because he always asked questions about it. But we're at school here, that's necessary because we have to learn something. But besides that it was nice to watch the film in the lessons and one time he gave the remote control to Lena, a girl of our class and we were able to watch the film without the anoying stopping. I liked the film very much, it makes you think about life and your dreams. The film motivates us the same way as Mr.Keating motivates the boys to SEIZE THE DAY.So the film gives you a message. Also the film is made very well, I think. The musik and the actors are very good. The film shows so many feeling and it really catches you by the heart  and always stays in your mind. So make this film part of your life and CARPE DIEM!
0201633612|5.0|If I need to sum up my review on this book, it would be : &quot;if you have to buy one book, buy this one&quot;.<br />It's that simple. This book is simply a must-read for anyone dealing with programming in the OO world. Because OO is not about using the word 'class' or understanding polymorphism. It's about making your code clearer while improving its scalability and reusability. This book tells you how to do it right.<br />Now, i've seen a few reviews about this book being &quot;hard to read&quot; and that &quot;no one actually read it&quot;. Well, I've read it cover to cover, and it was fun. You know why? Because while you're reading it, you keep having those &quot;Haaaa&quot; moments. Besides improving my own design and code considerably, this book provides an easy way of communication. A lot of information can be delivered in a sentence like &quot;this code uses pattern XXX&quot;.<br />If this book is hard for you, frankly, get &quot;VB For Dummies&quot;, both don't trash this master-piece. And for those of you who want to be programmers, sit through and read it. It's worth every minute.
B00003CXB2|4.0|I just recently received my copy of &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; on DVD. When the images came up on my television screen, I was amazed. The picture was very clean, details sharp, and colors vivid. <br />The sound was clean and my Dobly Pro-Logic system handled the surround mix well. Though, I can't wait until I get a Dobly Digital Receiver to see how the sound is processed.<br />I also own this title in widescreen on Laserdisc, and the image and sound on the Laserdisc is very impressive.  However, I do feel that the picture on the DVD is slightly sharper.  Though, I enjoy both formats.<br />The screen play was well written and there is execellent character development (Something which a number of newer films tend to lack). I don't wish to get into the films content, since I feel that anyone who views this film will tend to agree that it is a true master piece. Though, if you plan to rent this film on VHS before deciding whether this is a film to be added to your DVD collection you will not be giving yourself the true scope of this film.  As far as I am aware, the VHS copy is in Pan &amp; Scan which cuts out most of the image of the film. You need to see it in Widescreen to get the true sense of the EPIC.<br />The only downfall of the new 2 DVD Box Set is the Box itself.  It is a very neat looking DVD Clam Shell (looks like a old book), however, it is very difficult to get the DVDs out. You end up bending the DVD slightly in order to pry it out. I had a number of my friends try to get the DVDs out, and they all had a struggle in doing so.  I purchase a couple DVD/CD Jewel Boxes to put my new &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; DVDs in.  <br />If you do decide to purchase this classic film on the new DVD Collector's Edition, you will not be dissappointed (except for the Box).
B00004YKUY|4.0|I am not going to talk about Steve Perry in this review.  Most of the reviews that I have read are correct in that this is an outstanding CD by Journey.  Thankfully, they took more chances with the music in this CD instead of trying to make a lot of pop like tunes to get many of their fans to accept their new lead singer.  One thing troubles me about this CD though, I have listened to it on several different CD players and the vocal mixing is just not showing off what Augeri is truly capable of.  I have caught Journey in concert and for those who doubt him, believe me this guy has got the range of Steve Perry right around 1983.  I wish they would have just brought his voice in a little more so it would standout like the amazing instrumentals backing him up.  Best hot spot showing off what his voice can and is capable of, &quot;Signs of Life.&quot;
B00004YKUY|5.0|i have been a journey fan ever since i heard dont stop believin on a rock compilation that i had brought.until then i had never heard of them before,i live in england and have been listening to groups like queen,asia,icehouse and as diverse as alphaville and erasure.the thing that struck me first was the singing of steve perry and the guitar work of neal schon and ever since that moment,i had to buy the entire back catalogue.i had for a long time wished they reform again after completing my collection with raised on radio.but even if they did,i could never afford to see them live in concert,because the last time they was in england was 1981.the steve perry days unfortunately cannot be matched with his song writing skills and that wonderful voice,but in steve augeri you come damn close!.the album on the very first play i was not to keen on it,the sound and the production did not match that of trail by fire,but had a rawer fill to it.so i listened to it again and started to appreciate the songs a lot more.the second half of the album is much better than the first,but overall i am so glad their back making music again.it has been i good year to date music wise,seeing asia in concert and their best album to date in aura,alphaville touring in 2001.and the best news of all,journey are back.hoooray.see you in america the greek theatre los angeles,i have been waiting for years to see them live.
B000002NG7|4.0|As the last album in a stellar career,&quot;Album Of The Year&quot; certainly does justice to the prior out-put,even if it doesn't break any new ground.Always a very restless,ornery band,Faith No More made a name for itself by always springing surprises and always coming up with unexpected combinations musically.One thing it never did was repeat itself,but on this record,a certain sameyness creeps into the songs,making it the first less-than-essential album in thier repotoire.However,certain standout tracks redeem it.&quot;Stripsearch&quot; despite it's title,is actually a slinky soul ballad(sort of),and &quot;Collision&quot; recalls the epic intensity of &quot;Angel Dust&quot;.My personal fave is &quot;Last Cup Of Sorrow&quot; with a killer riff,and featuring one of the coolest videos ever made,starring Jennifer Jason Liegh,of all people.This proved that,despite the fact that this was sadly thier swan song,Faith No More still had a few surprises up thier sleeves.
B00004YKUY|4.0|For those of you who might not have heard(which would suprise me if you haven't already) Steve Perry is no longer with JOURNEY. In fact,he hasn't been for a few years now. Yet despite losing him the members of JOURNEY continue on. This is the first album without Perry and vocalist Steve Augeri proves that he has what it takes to fill the shoes of one of the most identifiable voices in rock. Augeri has been impressing fans for the last 3 years touring with Journey. Some of the songs which stand out best are &quot;Higher Place&quot;,&quot;All The Way&quot;,&quot;With Your Love&quot; as well as &quot;To Be Alive Again&quot;. The Japanese import features a song called &quot;I'm Not That Way&quot; while the US release features 2 other songs, one called &quot;World Gone Wild&quot;(which Journey played on its last tour) as well as &quot;nothing Comes Close&quot;. Founding members guitarist Neal Schon and bassist Ross Valory are joined by long time keyboardist Jonathan Cain and newcomers Augeri and drummer Deen Castronovo. If you loved Steve Perry you will LOVE Augeri's voice too!!!!! This is truely a GREAT ALBUM!!!!!!
B00004XMTH|3.0|After hearing about Cats forever, I finally decided to find the commemorative edition and see what all the \\"meowing\\" was about.<br /><br />What I found was superb costumes, high energy dancing and an interesting second video that showed what went into the making of Cats. I actually enjoyed watching the documentary and maybe I should have watched it first. What I failed to find was any real plot. I also found it hard to hear the words in some of  the songs. Finally, I recognized \\"Memory.\\" That must be what made this show so \\"memorable.\\"<br /><br />The costumes were skin tight and quite provocative and \\"some\\" of the dance was almost bawdy (see other reviewers who noticed the same thing). I was wondering why parents would buy this for their children? This seemed to be a very adult version, but then again, people go to the circus.<br /><br />Since I never saw the original show, I have nothing to compare this too. As the longest running show in Broadway, it ended on September 10, 2000. Overall, I felt that the dancers were excellent and if you think of what went into the production, that alone is amazing.<br /><br />Rumpleteazer was the most beautiful cat and her makeup is worth seeing. Victoria is also stunning as a white cat. (Which is a lucky color for cats). They show how they transformed the dancers into cats and go behind the scenes to show the makeup application in the second video. If you are a Cats fan, you will want to see the second video for sure.<br /><br />Well, most \\"cats\\" have no plot in their lives either, they simply just enjoy life. If you go in expecting to see a elaborate plot, you will be disappointed. Perhaps I should go read T.S. Eliot's \\"Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats\\" so I will understand this video more. While I have read some of the poems, reading the entire book might be a good idea before purchasing this video.<br /><br />If you love cats, you might also want to find a book called CAT by Juliet Clutton-Brock here at Amazon. Allia Zobel also has the cutest books which are just laugh out loud funny.<br /><br />Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self. -Jean-Luc Godard<br /><br />Meowingly yours,<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review<br /><br /> >^..^&lt;gh out loud funny.     Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self. -Jean-Luc Godard    Meowingly yours,    ~The Rebecca Review      >^..^<
0767857070|5.0|Where do i start? Back in 1984 a very determined director named Ivan Reitman came up with a plot for a movie. This plot involved three parapsychologists who decide to start there own buisness ridding New York City of ghosts. This plot turned out to be one of the greatest horror/comedy movies of all times. Everything was right for the movie it had an unbelivable cast of Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, Sigourney Weaver, and Rick Moranis. After starting the buisness of exterminating ghosts the four ghostbusters run into a client who in fact turns into a ghost of some sort herself (Sigourney Weaver). It is up to the ghostbusters to save the day fronm the evil forces of Gozher. This movie is full of zany antics and full of surprises. Of course this movie sticks out in everybodies mind when you remind them of the puff puff marshmellow man. Ivan Reitman out did himself when he made the sequel to Ghostbusters with Ghostbusters 2 back in 1989. All of the cast from the first ghostbusters return in this movie. This time the ghostbusters have been put out of buisness from the destruction of NYC from the first Ghostbusters. They then get back in the buisness and have to defeat the evil Vigo. Vigo is a ghost in a picture frame who needs a body for him to return back to full life. Who could be a better body to get life from then Sigourney Weaver's new born son oscar. Will the ghostbusters defeat the evil Vigo or will they truly see the end of NYC. well that is enough from me. No more spoiling of the plot.  What two movies are you gonna buy? Ghostbusters and Ghostbusters 2.
B00004YKUY|1.0|There is only one song that I would say was worth listening to. Steve Augeri has a strong voice but he lacks the soulfulness that Steve Perry had and the listener just knew that he had been down that road that he sang about!! That beautiful voice came from a place way down deep and it can never be replaced by Steve Augeri attempting to sound like &quot;THE REAL VOICE OF JOURNEY&quot;, Steve Perry!!! After 20 years, and after watching the VH1 Behind The Music featuring Journey, I am convinced that Steve Perry at  52 years old, still remains the only true voice of Journey. The fact of the matter is that, indeed ,Journey needs Perry but Perry has proven time and time again that he can stand alone!!!
B000001ESF|5.0|This is the album that put Rush on the map and solidified their underground cult status. The first time I was introduced Rush was by this album, and after that I couldn't get enough of them. There is of course the title track, 2112, the rock epic to end all rock epics. One really can't describe the sheer brilliance, both musically and lyrically, that the group encompasses into twenty minutes. I was blown away the first time I heard it, mainly because I had never heard a song that long. It really must be listened to to be understood and appreciated. The other five tracks are also very good, and are often overshadowed by the title track. My favorite of the other songs is Tears, a very moving ballad penned by Geddy Lee, which was one of the last songs he wrote for the band. Passage to Bangkok, Twilight Zone, Lessons, and Something for Nothing round off the track list and are all worth listening to. All in all, a great album by one of the great rock bands.
B00004YKUY|2.0|OVERVIEW: Toothless songs, bland and meandering lyrics, and almost melodically bankrupt. Solid playing and performing cannot save this latest enterprise from the former Arena Rock giants.  In short, empty songs with a hollow heart. Steve Perry helped the band find its sound; but now that he has been dismissed, the remaining members have failed to recapture their previous magic. THE DILEMMA: After &quot;Raised On Radio,&quot; a road-weary Perry needed a break from touring. Neal Schon and Jonathan Cain, as history has shown, are truly touring machines. For the next ten years between &quot;ROR&quot; and &quot;Trial By Fire,&quot; the energetic pair performed on at least a dozen artists' albums, made many solo albums, and were members of Bad English and Hardline.  A rested Perry brings Journey back together for the 1996 album &quot;TBF.&quot; The reunion turns sour when the great singer injures his hip making it impossible for him to tour. Schon and Cain become angry with Perry for not having hip-replacement surgery right away. Attempting to exhaust every other method outside of major surgery for over a year and a half, Perry is dismissed in early 1998 by the restless touring pair. They promise with his absence the band will have a heavier, rocked-out sound than before. Steve Augeri, former Tall Stories vocalist, is added that same year and goes with them on their Japan tour.  THE CONTROVERSY: Any time there is change, one must stay objective. After hearing &quot;Arrival,&quot; I have this to say. Schon and Cain don't deliver on their promise that the band will become more edgier. In fact, I suspect the studio had a lot of input on this outing. The majority of &quot;Arrival&quot; is mellow tunes and that's okay. But. . . My contention with this new Journey is three things. 1) Don't fire a guy for writing too many ballads, then turn around and do the same thing. 2) Don't fire a guy for being injured and claim you really want to tour, then turn around and only tour briefly (98 Japan tour &amp; 99 N.A./Japan tour) in five years. 3) and, Don't fire a guy and claim you want somebody that desires to work, then turn around and not release a studio album for five years. In late 1999, Perry recovered from hip-replacement surgery and today is 100% healthy. The band could have brought Perry back into the fold in 2000, while working on this latest project. They are content to plod ahead without the greatest singer of the 20th century. Personally, &quot;Arrival&quot; is inferior to the group's past albums as well as Journey-spawned efforts from The Storm, Bad English, and Perry's solo works. If you want that rocked-out sound that Schon promised, then make haste and buy his 1999 album &quot;Piranha Blues.&quot; When this record tanks, I pray the band will find Perry's telephone number and bring back their heart and soul. THE NEW STUFF: There are only two songs frankly worth your time and that certainly doesn't justify purchasing this disappointing endeavor.  Die Hard Journey Fans know the difference between this and classic Journey. &quot;Higher Place&quot; does manage an emotional groove and &quot;With Your Love&quot; is a solid ballad. &quot;To Be Alive Again&quot; is noteworthy because it sounds like something from Cain's &quot;Back To The Innocence&quot; album and I mean that as a compliment. &quot;All The Way&quot; and &quot;Kiss Me Softly&quot; are decent as well.  The rest one could discard and never miss. If there were any who wandered who was the glue that held this once-great band together, then we now know the answer. His name is Steve Perry.  Lastly, I conclude this album D.O.A. (Dead On Arrival).
B00004U30D|5.0|This is a great film, and It's my favourite Spacey performance in his illustrius career. It's packed with wit and inginuity. I look forward with baited breath at what Sam Mendes has in store.The last &quot;great film&quot; made recently with the possible exception of Crouching tiger. A must see.
B0000070UK|2.0|Before you go and click on that &quot;non-hulpful&quot; button, can I just confirm that I am a fan of power metal and of earlier Helloween work. Can I also confirm that I'm a big fan of Iron Maiden, Blind Guardian and Queensryche as well.<br />My first experience of Helloween was when I went to buy a Blind Guardian album and the CD shop (surprise surprise) didn't have any. So the shopkeeper decided to shove their only copy of Keeper Part 1 down my throat apon hearing my interest in Blind Guardian. Eaither way, I bought it, listened to it, and now I love it.<br />So, as you can imagine I decided to buy Part 2. I eagarly stuck it on and I was amazed. Amazed that any band could be so bombastically cheesy. And amazed that everybody else loved this album so much. I mean, Part 1 was a bit cheesy but it made up for it by being so damn good. This album is just embarrasing. I don't know how it can even attempt to compare with Part 1.<br />There are some OK-ish songs but the only really good song is Save Us. Eagle Fly Free and March Of Time are OK but both employ cheesy melodies that sound like they've been done before. Half the time you think youre listening to heavier version of Bon Jovi! Whats with those trumpets at the end of Eagle Fly Free? It reminds me of something sung in a hymn! It just sounds so cliched.<br />But the real offenders are Doctor Stein and Rise And Fall. These songs are not even metal, never mind powerful - the first sounding like something out of the Munsters or Adams Family, the second sounding like No 27 in the 1988 pop charts.<br />So basically, I had to say this. If you want a great power metal album then pick up Keeper Of The Seven Keys Part 1, Iron Maiden's Powerslave, Blind Guardian's Tales From The World or Queensryche's Operation Mindcrime. If you've heard this don't be put off by Helloween. And if you do like this, then you'll only be blown away by the first album...
B0000089GM|4.0|This is for all you american RAMMS+EIN fans out there, if you want to buy this cd don't waste your cash.  You can run out and look in a music store and probally find it right here in the U.S.  This cd was the original (yes original) U.S. release.  I don't really think it is worth buying (the version with the stripped bonus track is better anyways).
B00004YKUY|1.0|This is honestly the worst journey album ever.All of these 5 star reviews are ludicrous.I can get over the fact Perry isnt still the singer,but it's his songwriting that is sorely missed here.Steve Ausherry..I mean..Auperry...no.Augeri just isnt that distinctive enough from other average rock bands.Schon and Cain still have that trademark journey sound but the songs are so weak it doesnt help matters much.The song world gone wild is the only highlight of this poor album.
B000056K04|4.0|I would like to start out by saying that I am not a fan of the Dave Matthews Band.  I was attracted to the new album because of the first two singles: I Did It and The Space Between.  After hearing the whole thing I have to say I really like it.  I have always been turned off by their acoustic/jam band style.  It seemed to me that they often sacrificed the integrity of the song in the name of endless instrumental jamming.  So I went in thinking I probably wouldn't like it.  But this album is full of GOOD songs!  They have structure.  The have a hook/chorus.  I also like that Dave finally picked up some different guitars instead of always using the acoustic.  You can still hear the &quot;stlye&quot; that the band has created for themselves.  This is just a new direction.  I have read many negative fan reviews of the album.  It seems that these people would only be happy if Dave just put out the same album over and over again.  I can understand and appreciate his desire to try new things and I would think that real fans would too.  After all, Dave created these songs so he obviously likes them so I think his fans should give them a chance.  Open your mind.
0767835255|1.0|I hope they make a sequel so that Harry could go to Mars and get'em all.
B0000019HU|5.0|One of the few albums I can (i.e. have the time for) just sit down with the lights low and listen to from beginning to end.  The loud - soft dynamics, crunching then soft guitars, whispers to shouts, invulnerability cracking to sensitivity make this a gripping listen.  The album emotionally creschendos to a climax at the end of Good Morning Captain, and one sits there stunned.  <br />When I think that this was released the same year as Pavement's Slanted and Enchanted, Nirvana's Nevermind, My Bloody Valentine's Loveless, and Bikini Kill's first EP (admittedly this last is not on the same plane but it was very influential), among others, I think 1991 must be the biggest turning point year since 1977. And that leaves out other genres, which had releases such as the Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld, Massive Attack's Blue Lines, and A Tribe Called Quest's The Low End Theory. <br />Bottom line is this:  Spiderland is one of the best of the decade.
B00005AFVR|5.0|LIVE IN NEW YORK CITY is Bruce's finest live album.Super clear sound throughout the album.The boss is in fine voice and the band sounds great.Terrific performances of THE RIVER,ATLANTIC CITY,BORN TO RUN along with hot-rockin'MURDER INCORPORATED and TWO HEARTS make this album impossible to pass up.I was also  surprised with the great performance of IF I SHOULD FALL BEHIND.Hopefully this great live set is a prequel to a new studio album from Bruce and the boys.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This is what I call a great album, different of what we were listened but definitely amazing
B000002BBY|5.0|There is alot that I can say about this album besides the fact that it is the best Oasis album to date(in my opinion).But I will say that Oasis gave a whole new sound to music with Liam's distingtive voice. This album is brilliant. It has loud songs(Hello,Some might say) and slow songs(Dont look back in anger,Wonderwall) and combines this with the amazing instrumentals such as the memerable intro to Wonderwall. After this album I think they get a little sloppy (Be Here Now). This was there second and best album and anyone who hasn't got it should BUY IT NOW!(I also recommend FAMILIAR TO MILLIONS,they perform amazingly live)
0440224764|4.0|The way Patrick's diabolically clever plan is always one step ahead of everyone, anticipating all moves and having planned his responses before they know what's about to hit them, is a joy to read.  Yes, make it a movie!  (But not starring Harrison Ford.)<br />However, the reason so many were disappointed with the ending is that it is utterly unrealistic.  The woman was portrayed as being totally in love with Patrick and completely loyal to him; there was never any indication otherwise, and certainly no indications that she might in the end desert him for apparently no reason just when they had won it all--especially after what they had been through together.  (Some would say, perhaps, that she might still show up someday, but that's not the feeling one gets upon putting the book down.)  A more realistic ending would have had them quietly meeting at a far-away train station in god-knows-where, holding hands and looking each other in the eye, with a very satisfied smile crossing their lips.<br />It's hard to put this book down, but do so when you reach the last two pages or so, and imagine your own ending.<br />Change it, and make the movie. (Pierce Brosnan and Katherine Zita-Jones?).
B00001ZSZX|5.0|Being a big heep fan,I held off awhile getting FIREFLY due to bad reviews I had read about it in various publications.When I finally did buy it I couldnt believe my ears!This album is terrific.Great rockers like HANGING TREE,SYMPATHY,BEEN AWAY TOO LONG,and ROLLIN ON to great ballads like WISE MAN and FIREFLY which ranks among RAIN,EASY ROAD,and JULY MORNING as heeps best ballad.John Lawton has a great set of pipes which is shown on the awesome song A FAR BETTER WAY.Lawton's other heep albums INNOCENT VICTIM and FALLEN ANGEL were good but nowhere near as good as FIREFLY.Any fan of melodic hard rock should own FIREFLY.
B00000DFTH|5.0|Is incredible to see how those guys continues with this level of energy, I use to hear this CD almost every day I never get bored, always I find a new sound. Thank you guys for your music
B00004YKUY|4.0|Journey's new album, ARRIVAL, is the band's best effort since 1983's Frontiers. The group, with new lead singer, Steve Augeri, and drummer, Dean Castronovo, have packaged a real nice combination of rockers and ballads. The album starts off with a great 1-2 punch: &quot;Higher Place&quot;, and &quot;All The Way.&quot;  HP is a lyrically uplifting and upbeat song, featuring the classic Schon riffs. The band continues to beautifully display their soft side on the next track &quot;All The Way&quot;, a good power ballad which gives Augeri the chance to reveal his vocal strength. Other ballads, such as &quot;With Your Love,&quot; and &quot;Lifetime Of Dreams,&quot; conjure up thoughts of wedding bells. Great stuff. &quot;To Be Alive Again,&quot; and &quot;I Got A Reason,&quot; are clean, crisp rockers. &quot;Signs Of Life,&quot; and &quot;Kiss Me Softly,&quot; are also standouts. The core of the band (Schon, Cain, and Valory) are still intact and all perform masterfully on the album. The production on this album is wonderful - far better than their last one, Trial By Fire, which was a huge disappointment to me. For all you skeptics out there - sure, Steve Perry will always be the voice behind Journey, and it would've been a real treat for him to be back, but Augeri does a fine job as frontman. He has a very similar style to that of Perry's, and there are spots on the album that.......aw, heck - I thought it was Steve Perry! I'll take 70's and 80's music over today's music in a snap, but the band has kept up with today's cutting-edge sound, and the end result is very good. Should you pick up a copy of this? Absolutely! Hey, I'm content if I buy an album and walk away humming two or three songs from it - ARRIVAL has a bunch.....and I've only listened to it three times!! Buy it! Great job, guys!!
B00005AFVR|5.0|Finally the wait is over.  This collection is THE BEST! The alternate versions of his classics are worth the wait(Mansion on the Hill, The River, and finally Lost in the Flood).  The guitar solo from Nils on Youngstown brings back the memories from the concerts I saw.  It will send chills up your spine.<br />All the music is great, but I have to agree, the editing could have been better on the second disk. But The Boss could only choose from the two shows he recorded, so choices were limited.  But, hey, I can't complain...awesome disk!
B000003JDA|5.0|ROOTS TO BRANCHES is the most beautiful album tull has ever recorded.Ian's flute work is amazing throughout the album.ROOTS TO BRANCHES,RARE AND PRECIOUS CHAIN,THIS FREE WILL and DANGEROUS VEILS are terrific rockers.STUCK IN THE AUGUST RAIN and AT LAST,FOREVER are two of the most gorgeous tunes in tull history.ANOTHER HARRY'S BAR is one of those great &quot;old,dimly lit bar/on a rainy day&quot; songs.This is the album that turned me into a &quot;die hard&quot; tull fan.
B00000BKDX|5.0|This show resume a period full of imagination and creative songs, after this record they get out the 'Seventh Son of a Seventh Son' album, where keyboards get a relevant place, but in 'Life After Death' we hear pure heavy metal, Bruce was in good conditions, I also see the video and I can tell you is amazing. I f you are Iron Maiden fan or you started recently to hear heavy metal, get this album and you will understand why they are one of the greatest band ever
0451160916|4.0|This being a Stephen King book, i knew that it would be scary. I have seen the movie before, but it wasn't nearly as detailed or graphic. In the book, a family of 3 travel to a hotel that is being abandoned for the winter due to weather. The little boy is named Danny, and he has a gift that is very rare, named the Shining. During the family's stay at the hotel, Danny begins to hear noises, see dead people, and notices things that only he can see, such as &quot;redrum&quot; (which is murder spelled backwards.)  Then, his father, Jack, turns for the worst and tries to kill his son. If he is successful or not, I can't say, you will have to read it for yourself!       I have read many scary books, but by different authors. Stephen King is a very weird person, to be able to come up with these ideas and thoughts for books of this nature. This doesn't make him a bad writer, but he is different. The book flowed nicely though.       My personal reaction to the book was good. I think that the reason I liked this book so much was because I like horror stories and suspense. If you like horror stories, and don't get grossed out easily, this is a good book for you. &quot;...hands closed softly around his throat and he was turned impacably around to stare into that dead and purple face.&quot; (217)  This quote suits the genre of the book nicely because of the horror and suspense it seems to attract.       While this was a good book, it is not for everyone. Adults and teens could really get into this book, while children and some pre-teens would be sacred of it. The book is very graphic and detailed, so I don't think it would be such a great book for children to read. Overall this is a good book, and everyone should be able to read it, if they like horror.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|From their Backstreet Boys days with &quot;Love Me Do&quot; to there more poignant ballads (&quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;) this is an extensive, if not comprehensive, collection of what made the Beatles the super gruop of the century.  It chronicles nicely their evolution, and is an excellent primer in the influences that effect artists down to today.  For teens and young adults just getting into classice rock, this is a superb first purchase.  It also makes a convenient &quot;background mucic, long car ride&quot; cd for oldtimers of the classic rock genre.
B00004U2GH|5.0|This CD is the best of the best. To hear Johnny sing all the tunes on this CD.Bring me Back to when I was a kid San Q uentin hit the radio (A BOY NAMED SUE) it was a big hit with me I saved up my pennies. And picked up the LP and played it and played it. Then I found Johnny Cash At Folsom Prison. Both LP's to are the best if you have one you need the other.They go together like water and coffee. So you need Johnny Cash At San Quentin and folsom prison.<br />JOHNNY CASH IS THE BEST AND WILL ALWAYS BE ON TOP TO ME THANK YOU JOHNNY CASH
B000001EUR|5.0|Coming home was the first track I listened from Scorpions, it was recorded in an old cassette in 1985, when I was in Cuba, so you can't imagine how difficult is to find music there, but finally I get out from that place years ago, and now I buy every thing I want, and of course I'm doing my own collection that include 'Scorpions', I have several CDs from them, but this one is special for me. Songs like 'Still Loving You', 'Rock You Like a Hurricane', 'Bad Boys Running Wild' etc, get my mind 16 years back when I was younger and went every weekend to a Rock party with my friends and beautiful girls, because 'Scorpions' inspire LOVE
0451160916|4.0|This being a Stephen King book, i knew that it would be scary. I have seen the movie before, but it wasn't nearly as detailed or graphic. In the book, a family of 3 travel to a hotel that is being abandoned for the winter due to weather. The little boy is named Danny, and he has a gift that is very rare, named the Shining. During the family's stay at the hotel, Danny begins to hear noises, see dead people, and notices things that only he can see, such as &quot;redrum&quot; (which is murder spelled backwards.)  Then, his father, Jack, turns for the worst and tries to kill his son. If he is successful or not, I can't say, you will have to read it for yourself!       I have read many scary books, but by different authors. Stephen King is a very weird person, to be able to come up with these ideas and thoughts for books of this nature. This doesn't make him a bad writer, but he is different. The book flowed nicely though.       My personal reaction to the book was good. I think that the reason I liked this book so much was because I like horror stories and suspense. If you like horror stories, and don't get grossed out easily, this is a good book for you. &quot;...hands closed softly around his throat and he was turned impacably around to stare into that dead and purple face.&quot; (217)  This quote suits the genre of the book nicely because of the horror and suspense it seems to attract.       While this was a good book, it is not for everyone. Adults and teens could really get into this book, while children and some pre-teens would be sacred of it. The book is very graphic and detailed, so I don't think it would be such a great book for children to read. Overall this is a good book, and everyone should be able to read it, if they like horror.
B000002OX5|5.0|This is the Who's best album by such a wide margin that it's hard to even measure it.  Recorded after their groundbreaking Mod glories and just before diving headlong into &quot;Tommy&quot; AOR nonsense, &quot;The Who Sell Out&quot; is the rare (only?) &quot;concept&quot; album that actually works.  The whole thing is staged to feel like an afternoon listening to BBC radio (complete with brief commercials for fake products!), which sounds like a rather silly thing to attempt, but The Who succeed due to the strength of the SONGS (something most concept albums don't seem to be too intersted in): &quot;I Can See for Miles&quot;, &quot;I Can't Reach You&quot;, and &quot;Our Love Was (Is)&quot; are just a few of the brilliant surprises to be found on this deeply fascinating and remarkably odd album.
B00000HZFH|5.0|Foregoing the obligatory guitar wank-outs and distortion manifesto that tainted previous efforts, BTS have refined their sound on this album into that of a lean powerhouse of an indie rock machine. Fired by Martschs guitar pyrotechnics the musics unpredictable time signatures come as a welcome antidote to most songs usual verse/chorus/verse structutres. The zany ode to slackerdom that is 'Center of the Universe' will have members of  Weezer turning green with envy. 'Time Trap's lush intro slowly builds up, gyrates for a couple of minutes and just when you think he's going to stomp on the distortion pedal and let all hell break loose the song abruptley stops then restarts with a single clean guitar being strummed over an endearingly brittle vocal line. Schucks. Similarily is the case with the infectious &quot;Sidewalk&quot; when Martschs joyous lamentful ditty suddenly breaks of into a ominiously beautific soundscape that leaves the listener gasping for air. Weighing in at a mere forty seven minutes the ten, near flawless songs that compromise this album, may just be BTS's definitive statement. Notebooks out plagirists.
B00000BKDX|5.0|This show resume a period full of imagination and creative songs, after this record they get out the 'Seventh Song of a Seventh Song' album, where keyboards get a relevant place, but in 'Life After Death' we hear pure heavy metal, Bruce was in good conditions, I also see the video and I can tell you is amazing. I f you are Iron Maiden fan or you started recently to hear heavy metal, get this album and you will understand why they are one of the greatest band ever
B00004XPP0|5.0|Star Wars is different than most other movies. It is a saga, and one that is continuing, allowing the fans to presuse the story. I owe alot to Star Wars, for it has given me many things. I am now reading sci-fi, which star wars lead me to, I am writing stories, which SW has inspired me, and it leaves me a universe where I can go when I hate Earth.
B00005AFVR|3.0|OK, time for a review that is not an &quot;automatic&quot; 5 star review.  Let's be honest and constructive here.<br />This is a hit or miss disc that overall hits more than it misses.   Some songs are very by-the-numbers such as &quot;Prove it All Night&quot; and &quot;Two Hearts&quot; which make the initial part of the show a tad dull.  On the other hand there are some stellar recordings led by &quot;Jungleland&quot; and &quot;The River&quot; (though it goes on too long at 11 minutes!!).  <br />&quot;Tenth Avenue Freeze Out&quot; initially is one of the best live versions recorded, but Springsteen foolishly tries to &quot;preach&quot; during the middle of it and it's pretty embarassing.  A shame given the song's performance up till that point.<br />&quot;American Skin&quot; also borders on being a great song except for hearing the phrase &quot;41 Shots&quot; repeated ad nauseum.  If it were repeated less, it would be a more powerful song allowing the listener to focus more on the other lyrics.  It's also a bit awkward to accept him as spokesperson for this topic.<br />Edits on the final tracks are inexplicably choppy and the numbering on the back of the CD doesn't match the CD's themselves which was pretty sloppy.   Overall, the packaging is clearly a rush job to get this out in time for the HBO concert.<br />I'm still waiting for the definitive concert CD from Springsteen.   This has moments, but this isn't it.   I'd actually prefer to pay more for a full concert (even if it's an older one!!) that is better packaged and with a more inspired song selection and performance.   As someone said earlier, he should follow Pearl Jam's lead, at least for 4 or 5 shows.  I'd buy them all!
630575067X|5.0|This is a really good movie, furthering the original trilogy wonderfully. The plot is good, and the special effects are awsome!
B00001NFCY|1.0|i hate creed. this album isn't worth the material it's made of.
0553282980|3.0|I watched the film and I was very impressed by the strong conflict between the authority and the freeminded people. The director filled the scenes with beauty, love and humor but also with violence and the cold and strictly ruled atmosphere at Welton Academy. Mr. Keating tries to get the boys out of that coldness and to make them come up with their own thoughts. But he underestimates the danger and the consequences are horrible, because he and the boys don't have enough power to revolt against the authority symbolized by the parents and Mr. Nolan. But nevertheless Keating changes their lives, in a positive way for all of them.  I like the the film, but I would have prefered to watch it without stopping it every minute and analyzing all the scenes.                       Carpe diem!
0553282980|2.0|I've watched the movie several times in German before we watched it in our English class.  I think, the movie is great. It makes you feel as if you were part of some of the scenes, because the director uses good methods to set the film into action.  The actors are doing a good job, because you can see how they feel and you can identify with the students.  The story is very exciting and interesting and shows you what school was like in these days. It makes you understand that you should enjoy life instead of working and studying so hard that you get exhausted. We read the book too, but I find it very disappointing, because it is almost exactly like the film, except that the emotions of the characters aren't shown that well.  If I had been the author, I would have put more detail and more emotions into the story to make it more interesting, if you watched the film before.  Anyways, if you watch the film in English class, it is very helpful to have the book to read the scenes you watched before, because you get a better understanding of them.   In the end I can just recommend the movie and say: &quot;CARPE DIEM!&quot;
B00005A1PR|3.0|This is a very good album.  i am in love with VIDEo and the music behind BROWN SKIN, but it just falls short in some places.  The lyrics sometimes are great but then fall off on other tracks.  India shines on her more up-tempo songs. the slow stuff needs work.  Great to listen to but not a heavy rotation CD.
B000000HTL|5.0|It's a classic prog-rock record, and the best overall of the first 4 Van der Graaf Generator Records, and their entire career. There's no denying that on &quot;The Emperor in His War Room&quot; and &quot;Lost&quot; things pump along with drama and finesse and are perfectly counterbalanced with psychopathic high volume rock jolt to set things straight. The scorching and wildly acrobatic electric guitar solo by special guest ROBERT FRIPP on &quot;Emperor&quot; is just icing on the cack of this wonderful composition. <br />The remaining 27 minutes of &quot;H to He Who Am the Only One&quot; (one of  the most bizzare title in the bizzare world of rock record names ever, with such contenders as &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot;) are great but &quot;Emperor&quot; is the stongest track.  &quot;Killer,&quot; an allegorical song reflecting Hammill's doubts about anyone being a &quot;peaceful&quot; person rocks along nicely (and the video of them performing this song on Euro tv of that period is striking.)  &quot;House With No Door&quot; is a great slower tune that instantly takes  one's appreciation; and &quot;Pioneers Over c&quot; is another well-thought-out piece of complex yet intelligent progressive rock.  For an album made by two versions of this band, the sheer consistent quality is amazing.
B00005AFVR|5.0|When Bruce put out his first live album in 1986, he tried to make the anti-bootleg. Sterile and perfectly recorded, Live 1975-85 was a great record but not an accurate representation of a Bruce show. It was a disappointment to so many fans not for the content but for the failure to communicate the experience of being at the show. In making the newly released Live in New York City, Bruce has clearly taken the criticisms of Live 75-85 to heart and released what can only be called &quot;Bruce's First Bruce Bootleg.&quot; Of course, it's a great record and generally a better live recording than even the best bootlegs. But in its overall style and mix, especially the inclusion of interactive sections like the long band intro in 10th Avenue Freeze-out, the record has succeeded in capturing the essence of the live show the way a good bootleg does. I was expecting to be blown away by the performances, but on the whole, I would say they are average -- some better, some not as good as performances from the 99 and 2000 shows. Standouts include My Love Will Not Let You Down, Mansion on the Hill, The River, American Skin (I don't consider it a classic like some, but it's still a great song), Lost in the Flood (simply breathtaking) and Born in the U.S.A. What really makes this just like a bootleg is the song selection and creative sequencing of the disks. Because of the structure of the show, Bruce had to chop the five-song suite at the heart of the show (Youngstown/Murder Inc./Badlands/Out in the Street/Tenth Ave.) and put most of it on Disc 1, with 10th Ave. on the beginning of Disc 2. Then, in apparent response to fan criticism of the set list when it was originally announced, Bruce added Born to Run to the CD and HBO special, plopping it the only place it would fit, after Out in the Street on the end of Disc 1, and forever screwing up the sequencing of the Big Five Suite. Just like a bootleg, the CD has a half-dozen bonus tracks at the end, ranging from the essential Lost inthe Flood and acoustic Born in the U.S.A. to the skippable Ramrod. So now, Bruce Springsteen has found out what it's like to make a Bruce bootleg. Considering how crucial bootlegs have been in the development and growth of his career and stature, I'd say it's about time.
B000007T1M|5.0|WOW.. you can actually respect these guys.. they are original and really hard. We all know that delerious screaming, laughing, and pounding guitars make a great combination. Unlike most bands today it sounds like they can actually play really good..and scream good too. just get it. its a rush.BE CAREFUL WHEN INTRODUCING SOMEONE TO SOAD for the fist time...you could make them cry. You gotta seee them live.. they are one of the best live bands today..THEY ARE NOT RAP METAL!<br />Heres the CMJ-MNR review.. one of the only reviews I could find on them..<br />Rarely does an album with a forceful political statement actually have the musical merit to back up its mission, but System Of A Down's debut is definitely one that has both style and substance in spades. Thealbum's caustic hard rock is unbelievably heavy, thanks to the impressive production work of Rick Rubin (Slayer) and Dave Sardy (Far, Barkmarket). Unpredictable beats and crazy vocals make this band standout in an otherwise long line of Korn and Deftones imitators. At times, the band's music can get wacky enough to elicit a chuckle, but its beats and riffs are so brutal that your laughter will quickly giveway to a full onslaught of moshable, hard rockin' enjoyment.   1978-1999 College Media, Inc. Used by permission. All rights reserved.
0684171600|5.0|This book is the best book i have ever read! i have already read this book 5 times and i will read it much more in my lifetime. Stevenson blends adventure and intrigue splendidly in this fast paced novel about a young boy who receives a treasure map from an old buccaneer, and his adventures afterward. Hawkins, the boy, meets up with salty pirates and finds good friends in the captain and doctor. i would reccomend that anyone who loves a good book and an exciting thrill should definately read this.
0553282980|2.0|I've seen the film several times, until we started to read the book in English class. My opinion on the book a bit split, because I never read a book that was as close to the movie as this. Normally films are made after books and you can see the diffrence of book and movie . Then you can decide which one you like most or wether the film was giving back the theme of the book. This book is as if you were watching the film , but you can't see the emotions of the actors, which are very well shown.<br />If someone is watching the film and doesn't understand all of it , the book might be helpfull. I would recommend to watch the movie and then , in addition, read the book, because in some scenes it can be like a backstage pass to the movie.
B000001DU5|5.0|This CD has 28 reviews with a 4-5 star consensus and deserves every star and stripe because the mix is very well put together. It has most of their hits such as &quot;Mad World&quot; and &quot;Shout&quot; plus many other specialty songs such as &quot;Head Over Heals&quot; and &quot;Change&quot;. This is the best of the eighties (and some 90's) pop sound with smooth, well-written songs. I'd rather listen to this mix than the gazzillion and one new 'alternative' hacks anyday, because Tears for Fears were doing something totally different and positive here. The RatMouse lays inbetween the walkman speakers at night and lets this music soothe his grimy soul.
0553282980|4.0|I would highly recommend the book and the movie to all ages.It is an inspiring and marvelous story that gives me food for thought.The message of the movie/book is that you should &quot;seize the day&quot; and you should make your life extraordinary.          Mr. Keating teaches his students to follow the way of the heart and he makes them to personages and freethinkers.The boys admir Mr. Keating and for them he is an idol, that is why they reopen the &quot;Dead Poets Society&quot; club.Neil plays Puck in the &quot;Midsummernight's Dream&quot; but his father forbids him to join in the play.He has to live up to their expectations and he should become a doctor, but everything changes and the movie reveals a dramatic ending.           Everybody should watch the movie on his own because it is a great one and perhaps you will receive the message that changes your life.                           &quot;Carpe diem!&quot;
6300215954|5.0|I don't know how many times I've seen this movie since I was a child. And it is still one of my all time favorites. I hope Paramount is making a DVD in the near future, cause my old VHS tape is pretty worn out and won't do it any longer. Although John Wayne is mostly famous for his western movies, he's best in Non-westerns. His exprssion when Martinelli asks him how he likes to kiss is priceless. I LOVE IT!! Howard Hawks was an excellent director and never in the 160 minutes the movie is boring. The action scenes are exciting, the comedy scenes are funny. Don't touch it when you love Stallone or Van Damme, but it is a must when you love Good Old Hollywood!!
B00004T0P1|5.0|One of the key elements of the success of &quot;Dinosaur,&quot; the animated film from Walt Disney, is James Newton Howard's fine orchestral score. &quot;Dinosaur&quot; is unusual for a Disney animated film in that it contains no conventional songs, thus breaking out of the &quot;animated musical&quot; mold. But the musical score still needs to help define character and complement the plot, and Howard rises brilliantly to the challenge.<br />The disc's second track, &quot;The Egg Travels,&quot; is a soaring, triumphant piece that sets a tone of epic adventure. Another outstanding track is &quot;The End of Our Island,&quot; which uses frenzied percussion to bring across a sense of apocalyptic menace. &quot;The Courtship&quot; is a joyful piece that incorporates African-flavored chanting.<br />&quot;Dinosaur,&quot; with its portrayal of talking dinosaurs and lemurs in a prehistoric world, was a visually rich film with engaging characters. James Newton Howard did an excellent job scoring this story.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|Where do you start with this fine offering from one of europe's finest unknown metal bands.  Oh, Mike Schenker's guitar playing?  It's hard not to admire the authority and range of musicanship displayed by Schenker on this recording.  Schenker's compelling liquid like soloing and eccentric riffing keep pulling you in leaving you breathless.  Any aspiring guitarist should take note of the playing here  -  the contolled chaos and frenzied restraint of Schenker's playing is the Holy Grail all guitarists should aspire for. <br />The rest of the guys in the band Moog, Raymond, Way, and Parker play with conviction and as a whole propel what is sometimes pedestrian into compelling music.  The stand out tracks are &quot;Too Hot to Handle&quot;, &quot;Love to Love&quot;, &quot;Doctor, Doctor&quot;, &quot;Light Out&quot;, and &quot;Rockbottom&quot;.  The latter track amply displays Schenker's brillant playing as he delivers one of the finest cadenzas ever.
B0000508U6|4.0|I hadn't heard of this band, but when it came up as a recommendation here on Amazon, I gave it a listen.<br />This is a great album.  Rarely do I like EVERY track on a CD, but this one falls into that exclusive category.<br />Yes, it has a laid back sound, but the first few tracks have enough energy to keep the CD from seeming too flat.<br />This band has made my watch list.  And you can bet we'll be hearing more from them.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Springsteen is the greatest live performer ever and this cd demonstrates why. Every song is played with passion and precision. Bruce's voice sounds stronger than ever. The recording is crystal clear. Crank up this puppy and close your eyes, and you will be there. Highlights include: &quot;Prove It All Night&quot;' &quot;Atlantic City&quot;, &quot;Youngstown&quot;, &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams&quot;,&quot;American Skin&quot;, and &quot;Lost In The Flood.&quot; &quot;Born to Run&quot; is great, but it was better live. If you are not a Bruce junkie this disc will make you one. Faith will be rewarded.
0425152251|1.0|I don't think I have ever been more bored in my life with a book. I'm talking mind-numbing. I could physically feel my brain cells atrophy with every turn of the page. It was so bad that I forced myself to read it to the end just to see how much mental discomfort a person can endure. <br />I think the author came up with the plot while waiting for a traffic light to turn. It's amateurish. Was that garden party supposed to be a climax? It's like he ran out of ideas so he inserted some sort of Kafka-esque interlude. It served no purpose. <br />By page 150 I had figured that this book had some sort of deeper hidden meaning. I had Alberto marked as Mephistopheles and the major was God, and Sophie was some sort of Eve figure being tempted by the fruit from the tree of knowledge; and there was some sort of faith vs. reason dichtomoy being played out. Well, I was wrong. I know for a fact my imaginary plot was better than the one the author provided. If you want to enjoy this book, bring your own plot and read it into the one that's given.<br />What's the story with Hilde anyway? Does anybody in their right mind think that she would actually spend her days and nights reading this garbage. It took me 2 weeks to drudge through this. There's no way somebody spent 12-14 hours straight reading this. And then when she was done she re-read it twice more. Is she insane? This author seriously overestimates his talents.<br />What was with all that UN cheerleading? Is that what they teach people in Norway? The UN is nothing but cultural imperialisism. If they truly cared for peoples' well-being they would send out the troops to all the bookstores to seize this book and build the world's biggest bonfire.
6302453356|1.0|Ok since when does Peter Pan grow up forget who he is and then have a wife, 2 kids, and a job?!! What was Robin Williams thinking when he signed up for this part? Did he acually think he would pull off being Peter Pan!! I was very dissapointed when saw this movie! First of all Robin Williams. He didn't bring out the childlike influence with Peter Pan. He looked lost through out the intire movie!! And when he said his lines he sounded like he was going to fall asleep!! Then there are the Lost Boys. Why wasen't there teens playing them instead of 8 year old kids that couldn't act if there life depended on it!! They amount of swearing that these kids really atonished me!! And for some stupid reason they were on skateboards and trashed talked through out the intire movie!! Dustin Hoffman. He is the worst Hook I have ever seen anybody play in my whole 16 years of my life!! First of all his acting was stale and sour! And at times he even overacted making me want to smack him because he was soo bad!! And just Robin Williams he looked like he was lost!!! And Julia Roberts as Tinkerbell!!! I can't describe how bad she was at playing this part!!! And one more thing was the amount of violence and swearing in this movie!! So if you have a little kid please don't make them watch this!!
B000059Z8J|5.0|It has charm and romance and action and suspense and terrific acting and an amazing score and everything else. It is, to me, the best superhero movie and one of the ten best movies ever. And the fact that this was made in 1978 and without the benefit of CGI is what makes it so charming. When I saw this movie, I DID believe a man could fly. I saw it in every scene. The makers of this film have made a classic in every sense. Make sure you watch it on DVD in widescreen. You get to see how twice as much as with the pan and scan and it is worth it. Christopher Reeve deserved an Oscar and so did Gene Hackman and so did Ned Beatty and so did Jackie Cooper and Glenn Ford and wow, I loved this movie. It is as perfect a movie as I can remember. Get it and watch it and believe a man can fly.
B0000057C5|5.0|I never thought I'd like metal, but this CD is awesome.  Engel and Du Hast are two of my favorite songs, now, and I like all the others on this CD.  It's worth getting!
B00005AFVR|5.0|I have been a Springsteen fan for 20 years. I have seen him live 3 times, and own Live 75-85, In Concert, and the Chimes of Freedom EP. I just purchased Live in New York City. This is a blistering Live Album. The alternate arangements are breathtaking. The power and conviction Bruce and the band have sound as if this was the last rock and roll show. In the early 90's Bruce wierded out on us, left the E Street band and formed a new one. Following a few low points in his recorded output, including the less than inspired MTV Concert cd, Bruce is back with the old band mates and in top form. The &quot;other&quot; band just did not have the ability of the E-Street band. Buy this one and play it loud!!!
B00000IFP6|5.0|The Beethoven symphonies are essential to any good music collection and the music lover has a ridiculously large number of recordings to select from. The selection process just got easier. The Tonhalle Orchestra Zurich (under the scorching direction of David Zinman) has recorded the 9 on the Arte Nova label. Now this would be a superb recording under any circumstances, but when you take into account that the entire set (5 CDs) sells for a terrific bargin price these recordings have no rival!!! Zinman uses the new critical Barenreiter Edition of Jonathan Del Mar, which means that many errors of the Breitkopf edition are corrected. Plus - and it is a real asset - Zinman tends to stick to Beethoven's blistering tempi. The little Turkish march in the 4th movement of the 9th just flies! The 8th symphony rips along like Haydn on crystal meth! I cannot recommend these performances too highly - they would be well worth a &quot;full&quot; price, but at this price it's a &quot;no-brainer.&quot; Buy these, it will remind you why Beethoven is considered one of the titans of music.
B00004YKUY|5.0|This ablum blows away Trial By Fire.  I have been a Journey fan for 20 years now, and this CD pumps me up more than any Journey CD since Escape.  Steve Augeri is the PERFECT fit to replace Steve (whiny boy) Perry.  Don't get me wrong, Steve Perry is/was an incredible vocalist, but he has lost his range and now only wants to record sappy ballads that put me to sleep.  The album is absolutely AWESOME!!  A must buy for Journey and AOR fans!!!
B00005AFVR|4.0|I love Bruce and saw him 4 times on the 1999/2000 tour. I admit I would have liked to have seen a &quot;Pearl Jam&quot; type release of a single show or shows, tape rolling and no fussing or enhancements after the fact. &quot;Live in NYC&quot; does have great songs and performances, but obviously the 14 listed tracks were ready to go when they slapped on the 7 &quot;bonus&quot; songs and they didn't resequence the songs the way they should have. It would have been better if they put the bonus songs first so the CD could have ended with the one-two punch of Land of Hope &amp; Dreams and American Skin. That's the mystifying Springsteen decision making process at work, but we take what we can get.<br />Enough quibbling about that. I'm really glad to have such excellent versions of Tenth Avenue Freeze Out, The River, Mansion on the Hill, Born In The USA, Youngstown, Murder Inc, LOHAD &amp; Atlantic City that sound just as they did in concert. American Skin is a song of real tension, power and meaning that held me spellbound. I'll be playing this a lot. The E Street band is excellent all the way. Thanks Bruce.
B000002WUD|5.0|Rock critic/author Dave Marsh built his essay accompanying this seminal, revisionist Elvis Presley box set around a pithy, powerful phrase, &quot;Elvis sang.&quot; Doing so recalled the Bible verse, &quot;Jesus wept,&quot; (John 11:35), describing Jesus' reaction to Lazarus' death before restoring His friend's life. Comparing the King of Kings to the &quot;King of Rock and Roll&quot; plays into hero-worship kitsch, tainting Presley's central role in American history and culture. But they are each compassionate, empathetic reactions, understatements prefacing extraordinary permanent action.<br />&quot;Walk A Mile In My Shoes,&quot; compiles the many highlights from Presley's last seven years in studio and on stage, 110 tracks on five CDs. Its music and photo choices emphasize Elvis at his early-70s' strongest, musically and physically; no Elvis fan asked to commit to this set need see more &quot;fat Elvis&quot; photos or hear painful, half-forgotten live renditions from his last tours. Here is the rewritten final act Presley and his fans deserved.<br />Elvis reunited generations' musical tastes as painstakingly and completely as he divided them his amazing first years. He reassembled American music's puzzle from jagged pieces of R&amp;B (Sanford Clark's &quot;The Fool,&quot; with its fat guitar intro, &quot;Pledging My Love,&quot; &quot;If You Talk In Your Sleep,&quot; Faye Adams' &quot;Shake A Hand&quot;), traditional blues (&quot;Muddy Water,&quot; Got My Mojo Workin'&quot;), C&amp;W/countrypolitan (&quot;For The Good Times,&quot;  &quot;Green Green Grass of Home,&quot; &quot;He'll Have To Go&quot;)  melodramatic folk and story songs (&quot;Early Morning Rain,&quot; the still-astounding &quot;American Trilogy&quot; ), black and Southern gospel music (an assertive &quot;Amazing Grace,&quot; a rousing &quot;Talk About The Good Times&quot;) and even lounge lizard pop and semi-disco (&quot;Rags To Riches,&quot; &quot;It's Impossible,&quot; &quot;Moody Blue&quot;).<br />Throughout the years and styles, Presley sang in front of the consistent, versatile, distinctive TCB band (featuring renowned guitarist, James Burton, and underrated bassist Jerry Scheff). Its tight sound, especially on hits like &quot;Promised Land,&quot; and a scalding live &quot;Polk Salad Annie,&quot;  is made even more muscular by Dennis Ferrante's clear remastering, especially on the older live tracks.<br />Yet within his music's refuge, Presley communicated the loneliness, isolation, and fear that removed him from his own life years before taking him from ours. It came through clearly in his two-sided 1972 hit &quot;Always On My Mind/Separate Ways,&quot; but is present throughout cover songs like &quot;It's Still Here,&quot; the heartbreaking &quot;I'm Leavin',&quot; 1975's melodramatic but still powerful hit, &quot;My Boy,&quot; his live &quot;You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'&quot; (tempered by a punch line about his jumpsuit) and, for that matter, every heartbroken ballad here.  As his upbringing demanded and untimely death proved, Elvis Presley sang his sorrow more effectively than he could otherwise express it.<br />While not as essential musically or historically as RCA's model box set &quot;The Complete 50s Sessions,&quot; &quot;Walk A Mile In My Shoes&quot; is nothing if not reassuring. Its statistics, essay, and photos will not convert pop culture ghouls and cynics who've mocked or piggybacked the jump-suited figure on its cover. But those who enjoyed Elvis' music until the end of his life and beyond needed reminding that their affection wasn't just from force of habit or cult of personality. It was for the music, and they deserved the vindication this remarkable, highly recommended set provides./>Throughout the years and styles, Presley sang in front of the consistent, versatile, distinctive TCB band (featuring renowned guitarist, James Burton, and underrated bassist Jerry Scheff). Its tight sound, especially on hits like &quot;Promised Land,&quot; and a scalding live &quot;Polk Salad Annie,&quot;  is made even more muscular by Dennis Ferrante's clear remastering, especially on the older live tracks.<br />Yet within his music's refuge, Presley communicated the loneliness, isolation, and fear that removed him from his own life years before taking him from ours. It came through clearly in his two-sided 1972 hit &quot;Always On My Mind/Separate Ways,&quot; but is present throughout cover songs like &quot;It's Still Here,&quot; the heartbreaking &quot;I'm Leavin',&quot; 1975's melodramatic but still powerful hit, &quot;My Boy,&quot; his live &quot;You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'&quot; (tempered by a punch line about his jumpsuit) and, for that matter, every heartbroken ballad here.  As his upbringing demanded and untimely death proved, Elvis Presley sang his sorrow more effectively than he could otherwise express it.<br />While not as essential musically or historically as RCA's model box set &quot;The Complete 50s Sessions,&quot; &quot;Walk A Mile In My Shoes&quot; is nothing if not reassuring. Its statistics, essay, and photos will not convert pop culture ghouls and cynics who've mocked or piggybacked the jump-suited figure on its cover. But those who enjoyed Elvis' music until the end of his life and beyond needed reminding that their affection wasn't just from force of habit or cult of personality. It was for the music, and they deserved the vindication this remarkable, highly recommended set provides.
B00004WGBE|5.0|&quot;The Tenant of Wildfell Hall&quot; is based on the Victorian novel by Anne Bronte. It tells the story of secretive, passionate and outspoken Helen Graham who lives quietly with her young son in Wildfell Hall. She befriends a young neighborhood farmer, Gilbert Markham, and he falls in love with her, despite her objections.  It soon unfolds that Helen is &quot;on the run&quot; from her privileged life and her cruel, alcoholic husband - Arthur Huntingdon -  and a series of flashbacks tell the story of her life with him.  The story itself is engrossing and, like Jane Eyre, it's ultimately a story of a strong woman overcoming the odds and coming out triumphant in the end.<br />The BBC has done a great job with this production.  Tara Fitzgerald (&quot;The Woman in White,&quot; &quot;Brassed Off&quot;) is perfectly cast as the downtrodden but feisty Helen.  Handsome actors Toby Stephens (&quot;The Great Gatsby&quot;) and Rupert Graves (&quot;Room with a View,&quot; &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot;) are excellent as the devoted Gilbert and the detestable Huntingdon.  Tara Fitzgerald and Toby Stephens have a chemistry that most would find irresistible.  The performances from the principal actors are excellent and Rupert Graves does such a good job that I found myself hating and pitying him at the same time. I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys Bronte's work or first-rate British drama.
B00003CXC7|4.0|a note about the review of Audrey the librarian;<br />You're right, the film ends with the blind on the window closing down behind a Paramount logo (which was missing in the early 80's release because it was shamefully replaced with an Universal Logo), but that's shot is also in this version. REAR WINDOW ends without an end credit; which is quite normal at that time. <br />The ending credits you see on this version is the the restoration credits. They did a tremendous job and I guess they deserve a credit, or to take the responsibility about it.<br />It is not quite fair to compare the result of this restoration with that of VERTIGO; while VERTIGO was shot in VistaVision, which allows practically the same exposed film area per frame as a 70 mm film, REAR WINDOW is a straight 35mm (shot in 1:37 academic ratio, but here presented as wide screen, which may raise a controversy), so the resolution of the film itself is much less than in a VistaVison film.<br />And the restoration of VERTIGO had a grave flaw; for the sake of making  a DTS stereo soundtrack (while the original release was in mono), they threw away all the original sound effects and replacing them with new folley works (adding sound effects on a sound stage), which in my opinion, sounds quite awful and disturbing. At least for the sound, REAR WINDOW is a much more faithful job. <br />Also, the color is treated with the Technicolor dye transfer process, basically the same color system as the original release, which allows deeper, more saturated color, which is even apparent on this DVD edition. Remember the climatic scenes in VERTIGO? While that scene was printed as dark as Hitchcock originally intended, the Eastman color positive does not allow to have as much range of contrast as dye trasnfer does, so the faces of James Stewart and Kim Novak should have been a bit more visible (or at least it was when I saw an old dye-transfer print). You don't have that problem with this new REAR WINDOW.<br />The famous kiss scene effect is the only portion of this restored version that was restored digitaly (as far as I know). The original film elements has completely faded (optically-processed film elements tend to fade easily), but Cinesite has done a beautiful job. That scene looks almost mystical in this verison. For that shot alone, this DVD is worth buying.
B00004YKUY|5.0|It's a very difficult task to replace a lead singer in a band especially one as popular as Journey but they seemed to have pulled it off with &quot;ARRIVAL&quot; it's without a doubt the best the band has released since &quot;Fronters&quot; the songs are very melodic and the ballads are as beautiful as ever since the band has been out of the spotlight for awhile you kind of forget what an Awesome guitarist Neal Schon is. I miss Steve Perry as much as anyone else out there but this new CD is too great not to be given a chance.
B00005B6N7|4.0|the movie was very good all it needed was more germens and much longer like as long as saving private ryan!
B000001FY9|5.0|Few artists will ever reach the world wide appeal that Bob Marley has earned.  He is more popular after his death than while he wass alive.  His music is rediscovered with each generation.  If Reggae is the heart and soul of the Carribean, then Bob Marley is what is pumped from the heart to all the veins.  No one has done more for their respective genre or single handedly given it world wide fame.  Bob Marley was simply a legend, who died far to soon.  The collection appropriately titled Legend, and is a glowing tribute to his genius.  Every song is magical and a testament to his greatness.  Although no Bob Marley tune is bad, these songs are exceptional.  Every song captures the Rastafarian beliefs and  a way of thing.  Marley covered so many different subjects as well.  The music helps broaden perspectives and increases awareness as it is very poltical in nature.  Such songs as &quot;Get Up, Stand Up&quot; teach lessons.  Other songs showcase Marley's story telling ability like &quot;Buffalo Soldier&quot; and &quot;I Shot the Sheriff&quot;.  The songs portray a wide scale of emotions too.  He shares his love and joy, as well as deep sorrow.  Marley also knew how to have a good time.  Feel good songs like &quot;Jammin&quot;, &quot;Exodus&quot; abound on the album.  His spirtitual side also shows through in the hymn like &quot;No Woman No Cry&quot;.  The album is one that will never grow old, but instead only better with time.  My only complaint would be that there is not enough songs on the CD.  There are only 14.  I would have added &quot;Concrete Jungle&quot;, &quot;Slave Driver&quot; &quot;Easy Skanking&quot; and at least a couple of others.  If you don't have this album, you need to get it.  It is truely one of the greatest albums from one of the greatest musicians ever.
0553282980|5.0|We watched the movie &quot;Dead Poets Society&quot; in school. The language used is simple and not too heavy. &quot;Dead Poets Society&quot; is an interesting movie because you can associate the boys with the pupils nowadays. The characters of the members from &quot;Dead Poets Society&quot; are great because they are very different. The movie is exciting from the beginning to the end. Robin Williams is the main actor and he does his work good. &quot;Dead Poets Society&quot; is lovely, interesting and exciting but on the other hand it is very dramatic. The message and the story are still great and makes you feel inspired for your future, you will enjoy life more. The story shows how you can make your life extraordinary and that it is good to seize the day.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I saw this movie with my dad. When it was over, at first I was almost a little disappointed considering the movie was up for an oscar. It took about a day for me to realize what a great film it really was. The way the movie is presented, the powerful issues that are brought up in different point of veiws, the stunning job of all the cast, and the reality of the stories are only some of the things that the movie sparks in your mind. For days I kept thinking about the film and its powerful messages. I would recommend this movie to any mature viewer.
B000002GY9|5.0|This is Tom Waits' Born To Run/Blood On The Tracks album, it's that good!  (Funny, how all these albums came out around the same time)  I know fans will argue that Rain Dogs, Nighthawks, or Mule Variations is better.  However, even those albums have songs that are hard to listen to sometimes.  There isn't a song on this album that isn't great!  From the opening Waltzing Sound of Tom Trumpert's Blues, the salesman of Step Right Up, The personification gone wild Piano Has Been Drinking, to the final plea to see his girl after work on the final song this album is magical and timeless.  If you're looking for the piano man on top of his game, look no further.
B00000DATR|2.0|I too have purchased this CD, and reading all the wonderful reviews came as a shock to me.  I have heard some of Oldfield's earlier pieces and found them quite nice.  Sentinel among them is one that has always stood out as a wonderful trademark of this artist.  But I was very dissapointed by this album, not because the music isn't beautiful, but because it's all re-hashed or copied.  Mike Oldfield does not create an original piece of art here.  He borrows from Vangelis, from Enigma, then he takes a Jarre twist but decides that some alternative sounds would sound alright in this salad.  It is rather unfortunate that this album does no justice to any of the above mentioned artists because Oldfield is unsuccessful in reproducing any of them.  He does not even get close to Vangelis, cannot reproduce Jarre's dynamic rhythms and barely manages to remind one that Enigma produces a similar sound to his 3rd track (jewel in the crown).  I must say that artists like ERA or J. P. CAPDEVILLE (composer of Carmine Meo interpreted by Emma Shapplin) have far outweighed good old Mike in my musical collection.  This CD will rarely be experienced in my home, rather I much more prefer The City by VANGELIS for a truly original interpretation.  But any faithful fans of M. Oldfield will probably still swallow this musical burst out of respect for his earlier works.
B000056K04|4.0|I will rip this to shreds (like I know some of you freak &quot;diehard&quot; fans of DMB have done), or go on as if this is old DMB and saying it still rocks. (as with you good-hearted, albeit a bit misconceived fans) I will be just fair. Although, obviously it doesn't resemble the famous eight minute, to god knows how long tracks DMB used to crank out, it's still a good album. If you haven't heard DMB before, this isn't their best, but you could still listen to this and get a feeling for what they are. The first four tracks are easily the best, bringing back memories from the Crash days (which is, their best, definitely). After that, the songs kind of blend in together, and you feel sad-DMB has definitely gotten into the accessible pop scene. This is Dave's album-remember the mostly instrumental songs from the past, as you danced around your room acting as if you were a badass sax man in the background or something? Those days are gone. Dave is the central musician, and worse, the electric guitar is upfront. Before I get too harsh, I must note that even in spite of all its shortcomings, Everyday is their second best, because really, if you put back your trumped-up expectations, it's a good album, definitely better than most image-based pop crap. In conclusion, if you are one of those trumped-up hardcore fans, you won't like this at all-but to the casual DMB fan, this is definitely a must-buy.
B00004TLMC|4.0|I consider Kubrik as a legend in movies, but may probably consider him also as a great sociologist of the XX century. All his movies &quot;touch&quot; certain generations, see it for yourselve and buy all Kubrik's movies. This movie is the grand opening for more and more self-analyzing, sex-relations, marriage-disabilitation self analisis themes coming. So, to start up in the XXI century, stop living with your eyes wide shut, and be ready to &quot;see&quot; what you normally &quot;see-without-seeing&quot;. I recommend this film to young couples, trying to live like grandma and grandpa...
0553282980|4.0|I have seen the Dead Poets Society twice now.  The first time I watched it I did not really follow the complete content, but as I watched it for the second time I watched it more carefully seeing the characters for much more then I did before. They will inspire anyone into taking a deeper look at poetry. It opens up a complete new look on how to read and learn from it.  Both the boys and Mr. Keating will make an impression on how you see and look at poetry. I recommend everyone to watch and enjoy the passion that is brought out in this film.   It is one that you don't want to miss!
B00005214X|5.0|My gosh, for a few years there, George Harrison wrote some of the greatest, loveliest, most stirring and most original pop and rock songs ever, and that fertile period is captured in the gorgeous, generous All Things Must Pass.  It plays like a greatest hits album.  If you love &quot;Something,&quot; &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Sun,&quot; you will be thrilled to know that about 90 percent of the songs on this record are equal to or better than those Beatles' classics.  Phil Spector's production is also brilliant, as the remastering makes clear, and the musicians play at a peak.  Much of this band went on to make (with Duane Allman) the great &quot;Layla&quot; album a few months later.  I love this... and my 10 year old son loves it.
B000021Y77|5.0|RUN LOLA RUN is one of those movies you can literally watch again and again and again. The plotline is fairly simple: a young girl, Lola, must help her boyfriend scrape together 100,000 deutsche marks in 20 minutes, or a ruthless gangster will kill him. The trick is the story is told 3 different ways with 3 different outcomes. Mixing animation, trip-hop/techno music, and fast-paced action/editing, you have a terrific movie with gritty, realistic characters and action that won't stop!<br />Franka Potente is a star in the making. She's soon to be seen with Johnny Depp in the film BLOW. Can't wait to see what electricity she'll bring to her role there!!<br />The DVD edition includes a running commentary with the director, Twyker, and Franka Potente. Very interesting to learn how difficult it was for the actors to portray key scenes numerous times and still maintain the tension and fear so important to carrying the storyline.<br />EXCELLENT!!!
0967984602|5.0|In Build Your Own Earth Oven: A Low-Cost, Wood-Fired Mud Oven; Simple Sourdough Bread; Perfect Loaves, Kiko Denzer offers readers clearly presented, step-by-step instructions for building a superbly effective, wood-fired oven out of common backyard soil. The informative, &quot;reader friendly&quot; text is profusely illustrated with drawings and photos. There is a simple presentation on the principles and procedure for making authentic sourdough bread, as well as directions for oven-firing and references on food, baking, and building. A unique &quot;how to&quot; manual, Build Your Own Earth Oven will prove to be of enormous interest for the environmentally resource conscious, the adventurous do-it-yourself hobbyists, and back-to-nature, simple life enthusiasts!
B00003W8NM|5.0|American Beauty may have taken all the laurels in 1999, but Fight Club is a much better treatment of the same theme. Watching American Beauty, I was struck by how well it was made, but also by how familiar everything in the movie seemed as it moved toward its inevitable, obvious conclusion.Fight Club, however, is a braver, bolder film. It's the story of a man's alienation from consumer culture and the notions of masculine identity it foists upon him, just like American Beauty. Except that the punches in this movie are more physical than emotional, and Fight Club doesn't pull any. The script is sharply perceptive, with a mean wit. And nobody whines in this film.Director David Fincher imbues the film with a style that's very fresh and modern without resorting to hackneyed tricks like quick edits (although there are a few choice ones- if you see the movie, you'll know what I mean) or shaky handicams. He gives the narrator's corporate world a queasy antiseptic green glow, nicely matched against the wet, dark grime of the fight clubs. Don't let the dreary sets fool you though- Fincher manages to film them beautifully.Ed Norton is great as the narrator, but hey, he's great in everything. Fincher, however, has managed to pull some great acting from actors playing against type. Brad Pitt's surprisingly excellent as the anarchist/philosopher/bum Tyler Durden, but I think he's ultimately upstaged by Jared Leto as the blond pretty-boy whom Ed Norton beats to a pulp. Great, ballsy performance by Helena Bonham Carter as an unlikely ingenue. And Meat Loaf- I hate to say it, but he was really really really good.Like any good &quot;twist&quot; movie, Fight Club has a climatic revelation that both blindsides you and makes complete narrative sense. It begs to be watched a second time, and there's plenty of clever detail and juicy lines you probably missed the first time. The DVD's got some pretty good extras- among them, a bunch of commentary tracks, and deleted scenes. Look out forHelena Bonham Carter's original pillow talk line.It's a shame this film was largely overlooked when it was released, because it's a brave, original film. There's plenty of violence in Fight Club, but it's definitely not a glorification of it, but rather a vehicle for some insightul ideas about society. On the other hand, this film's definitely got serious nihilist and anarchist themes running through it, and is sure to offend upright citizens everywhere. Well, the credit card companies, at least.
B000002B7O|1.0|I loved Ozzy Osbourne's Blizzard of Ozz a whole lot.  What a great album. This one is a big dissapointment though.  There are two pretty good songs, and I do mean pretty good: Over the Mountain, and Flying High Again.  Over The Mountain regurgitates a section of I Don't Know, and it is so obvious, that I wonder why there haven't been complaints.  Besides those two, the rest are a pain to listen too.  Cheesy ballads like You Can't Kill Rock and Roll, and Tonight, are just pathetic and you hit the skip button pretty fast.  Britney Spears' Baby One More Time CD is much better than this one, and I am not even close to exaggerating.  Skip it.  Get No More Tears, maybe Tribute, and definitely Blizzard of Ozz.  And before I get bashed for this one, listen to both CD's before you say that Diary is better than Baby One more Time.
0786915749|5.0|Even from the beginning-where all the companions meet again, and also meet Goldmoon and Riverwind-its a page turner. I dont want to say to much and give away anything to new readers, so I'll keep this short.  I started from the wrong end of the chain. I started with Dragons of a Fallen Sun, I didn't know what Dragonlance was, so I thought it might be okay to read. Well it was great, and I just had to start from the beginning of the series.  In this book, you see how strong the companions love for eachother is, and how far they would go. All the characters are described very well, and thats why this book has a perfect five stars, with about 250 reviews.   As of now, I'm reading Dragons of a Spring Dawning (I read Dragons of a Winter Night) and it is also great. Dragons of a Winter Night is kind of lacking in some places, but it has the greatest ending, so bare through the tough parts, and you'll be happy you did.<br />Jesse
0553106635|5.0|What can I say that the previous reviews have not?  This novel regained the quality of the first, A Game of Thrones (not that Clash of Kings was bad... I would give it a 4 1/2).  Martin's prose is fast paced, his dialogue both touching and witty, and his descriptions are vivid and imaginative.  I have yet to find another author with the flair that Martin shows for imagery.  Without giving away significant plot points, it is safe to say that a lot happens in this installment of aSoIaF; the reader will never be bored.  You'll find yourself rooting for characters that you never thought possible, and disliking characters that you figured you'd cheer on the entire series.  Martin has outdone himself yet again, and I cannot wait for the next installment, A Dance with Dragons.
B0000070QS|5.0|This album is an absolute must whether an a-ha fan or not. Morten's voice continues to be unrivalled in the pop world and having recently attended a-ha's concert in Oslo I can tell you that a-ha  are even better than ever with some songs on Minor Earth, Major Sky being hauntingly reminiscent of Wild Seed. A though provoking album taking you on a roller coaster ride of emotions Wild Seed deserves to be in everyone's record collection. Shame the record company didn't bother promoting it at the time of it's release.
0679879269|4.0|I just purchased all 3 books in the series last week, and so, did not have this huge &quot;lag time&quot; so many people went through, to get to this book.      I do agree with the one star critics- the main protaganist of book 1 seemingly falls to the wayside by book 3.  However, I disagree that the book loses itself completely, or that it's a direct attack against christianity.  Taking cues from the bible, Pullman, I feel, did a good job in coming up with an alternate scenario.  And by the end of the book, the Church is not gone, it's still a presence.  Heh, I also agree that metratron appears way too gullible to have been in such a position in power, and the 180 turnaround by Lyra's mom also threw me off.      However, overall, I agree with the 5 star critics, in that it is truly a superb story.  Book one was hard to identify with completely (the omnipresent daemons made it hard to &quot;settle&quot; into the story)  but by the end of the book, I was hungirly pulled through the remaining storyline.        I too, do not want to give too much away or spoil anyone who's yet to read the series.  But I sincerely feel that the good of the series far outweighs all the little quirks and possible missteps of the author: agreed, it's not perfect, but better than average. BTW,  I also am a Catholic, and in no way feel that Pullman has &quot;attacked&quot; my religion or my beliefs.  As far as I am concerned, it is a great work of fiction- and one of the better stories I've read in some time.  Well worth your time-<br />&gt;o'
0679879269|2.0|Having read the first two books in this series (&quot;Northern Lights&quot; and &quot;The Subtle Knife&quot;) I was looking forward to the final book, &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot;. Unfortunately it was not long before it became a disappointment. The first two books were brilliantly inventive and built up the expectations of the reader. You got the impression that you were reading something special and you yearned to find the answers to the questions that the author was posing; what is dust? How does it work? Will god be destroyed? and what will replace him? However, the author never really adresses any of these questions properly. Instead we are led through a story which seems to make less sense the further we go. Philip Pullman cannot bring the story to a fitting conclusion and (without spoiling the story) many aspects of the plot simply don't work. For example, one notable character's traits are completely reversed and many of the loose ends from the first two books are either forgotted about, never tied up or not explained properly.  we are left with a book which, to me at any rate, simply does not make sense. The story had engrossed me in &quot;Northern Lights&quot; and &quot;The Subtle Knife&quot; but by the end of &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; I was left wondering what the point was and any message that the author was trying to get across descended into sentimental drivel.  In conclusion, read it if you have read the previous books but I warn you, you WILL be disappointed!
6302424739|5.0|Well, where do we start?  Anyone who reads English and American literature, preferably those who read gluttonously among the classics, will enjoy this film.  The exchange between smart, impatient, tart-tongued TV scriptwriter Helene Hanff and the genteel, reticent, conservative bookshop manager Frank Doel is made into a splendid bit of cinema that is, if we may say so, somewhat countercultural.<br />If you're looking for sex, violence, four-letter words, or exploding skyscrapers; if you're looking for insufferably tendentious films about oppression &amp; tyranny, then don't see this movie.  If you're looking for a charming fencing-match and an affectionate epistolary relationship between two minds that are minds, if you're looking for humor and wit and sadness, and if you're looking for &quot;haricots verts&quot; that are choicest and choice, then do see this movie.<br />It's perhaps really a four- or 4.5-star film, but our joy at the elegance of the screenplay, and its refreshing absence of sordor, is limitless; and makes us inclined to a generosity with the rating.  (The decade of the 1960s seems to happen too fast in this film!)<br />We haven't seen it in a while but we remember many scenes fondly:  Helene pounding the keyboard of her manual typewriter in an all-caps fit of rage at an unsatisfactory edition of the New Testament; Helene babysitting for a friend and reading selections from Cardinal Newman's &quot;Idea of a University&quot; as a lullaby (he has that effect on some adults, too); Frank Doel saying the words &quot;Virginibus Puerisque&quot;; and many others, but we don't want to tell you the whole movie.  See it.<br />Oh, one more thing!  In the original exchange of letters (see Hanff's book), Helene asks Frank if his surname is Welsh.  In the actual letter, FD denies this with some vehemence.  So we're especially glad that the part of Frank Doel is being played by one of the 20th century's three most famous Welshmen!
B000002KHB|5.0|I guess, this album needs no further comment. All the classics that could ever result from a studio album, came out in 1972's Machine Head.
B00004W3MS|5.0|I enjoy this album immensely.  It's a wonderful piece of layered, thoughtful music.  The combinations of the usual guitar/bass lineup with strings and synths and other elements are pulled off beautifully.  From a music standpoint, I love it and I'm giving it 5 stars.<br />However, I'm not one to get emotionally wrapped up in the music I listen to, usually.  I just like good music - and that is not ALWAYS directly related to the emotional message or content of the music.  For instance, Built to Spill's lyrics often have no substance, and there is no clear emotional purpose, but I just love Doug Martsch's guitar playing.  I can see how people could derive emotional responses from Sigur Ros, and I think that if I listened to it in certain moods or mindsets, it could have that effect on me.  I can also see how one reviewer felt manipulated by their songs...my bottom line here is that there is some gorgeous music here, and that's why I like it.  If other people see emotional value, all the better, but I think it's hard to deny that the musical content of this is pretty darned high.  It may not be ground breaking, but it is creative and original in its own right.  It's a good album.
B00004YA66|5.0|Despite the suppossed flaws, this is a great movie!  Since all films require us to enter the world of the characters, the problems with the inconsistent science behind the film matters little to me. Or perhaps, it's that we have to be able to explain every bit of a movie like this, or we feel it fails.  NOT TRUE...<br />Watch this movie.  The son and father relationship is really solid and makes the movie both an emotional and exciting trip.
014028009X|5.0|Have just re-read this in run-up to movie.  Verdict - BJD is v.v.g. book producing lots of laughs of recognition - she behaves JUST like I do! I also smoke/drink/weigh too much and am constantly seeking self-improvement and making New Year resolutions and generally making an 'arse' of myself.  I think Renee Zelwegger will be great as Bridget.  People who don't get the joke must have ZERO sense of humour.  Let's laugh at ourselves a little girls! Also recommended - *My life on a Plate* by India Knight, and another hilarious book about being single in London - *The Trials of Tiffany Trott* - both of these books are a riot.  But in the mean time more please from Ms Fielding!
B00003CX8J|4.0|The film overall was great.  Special Effects were not overdone. The writing crisp and efficient with a believable plotline, setting the stage for more adventures.  Translating comics to the silver screen is no easy task, let's hope the same creative team keeps improving with each film.  <br />When it was announced that Dougray Scott was to be cast as Wolverine and Halle Berry as Storm I thought, &quot;Not going to bother with this film.&quot;  But thankfully MI2 ran overschedule causing X-men's Director to look to Hugh Jackman...Hooray!  He is perfect as Wolverine, the man can act! <br />Halle Berry as the Storm was a casting mistake.  Angela Bassett is the only known African-American actress who could have pulled off the proper blend of regal elegance and fearless of the character.   Ms. Berry was physically wrong for the role and lacks a particular &quot;presence&quot;.  Patrick Stewart is perfect as Professor X.  Great suits!  Allan Rickman was my original choice, but Ian McKellan blews him out of the water. <br />Looking forward to more thrills from our favorites mutants!
B00003CXB2|5.0|Do yourself a favor- get this DVD, find a friend with a wide screen HDTV, offer to bring the refreshments and settle in enjoy on of the best DVD releases yet. I think this is as close as you'll get to seeing this movie on the &quot;Silver Screen&quot;.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Springsteen's latest live offering not only shows once again the power of his music and showcases the amazingly tight E Street Band, but puts nearly any other live record from other artists to shame. &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams&quot; is an instant classic, whether you are hearing it here for the first time or saw one of the 1999-2000 shows. &quot;American Skin (41 Shots)&quot; is chilling, terrifying and passionate. And as for great performances of great songs, the discussion begins and ends with &quot;Born to Run&quot; - one of the only classic songs on this set that is not re-arranged a little or a lot...But to do so would be like re-writing the ending of &quot;Casablanca&quot;. You can't tamper with a classic like this.  This is a great addition to Springsteen's canon, and a good sampler for someone who needs to believe all over again, in the power of Rock and Roll.
1565846117|5.0|This book was my first &quot;Wallander&quot; and once started I simply could not put it down anymore. I read the German translation and I liked it very very much, although you should start with the first Wallander and then continue. The story is really exciting with interesting twists, which made me become a heavy &quot;Wallander&quot; fan.
0451169514|5.0|I have to tell you that this is the best book I ever read. In fact, it was the first book I ever read of Steven King and if it wouldn't be that good I never would have gone on with reading his books. I was lucky it is that good. I don't won't to spoil anything of the story because every little details should be read by yourself. It's just if you like a book that cares about epic friendship, an evil villan (well, I read the reviews and I don't agree that Pennywise and/or Bob Gray etc. are IT - Deadlight, I assume a lot did not get the true nature of IT). I read the first copy with 14 in German, with 15 in French and with 16 in English. Read it 5 more times since. The German edition is missing some parts (about 200 lines). Buy, Read, Read again.
B000002UA0|2.0|&quot;Piper&quot; is neither a Floyd of Syd masterpiece (as he never made any of those.) There is precious little of the stunning aural bravaura that would their sound (until &quot;dark Side,&quot; anyway)Instead what we get here is all the &quot;British whimsy&quot; that Syd Barrett is famous for. The first four tunes are pretty good (except for &quot;Astronomy&quot; which is mostly instrumental and not the best example of a &quot;great&quot; songwriter) But then, after the lumbering &quot;Powr Toch&quot; (chilling evidence that Syd and Roger could've been the &quot;Beavis and Butthead&quot; of swinging London) something bizarre happens; Waters weighs in with &quot;Take Up Thy Stehescope and Walk,&quot; which has a cool, jaunty melody, complete with profound lyrics such as &quot;Gold is led/ Jesus bled etc...&quot; and topped off with a booty shaking goove that would do any late sixties spy proud. The Floyd's aggressive bassman wins again; easily the best tune on the album.
B000050XEI|4.0|The first three songs are awesome (especially &quot;Only Time&quot;) The sounds, as always, are captivating.  The voice is one in a million, although some of the lyrics are boring.  In the world of rap, hip-hop, awful lyrics and lots of half-naked, angry perfomers, Enya, once again delivers an album that is a welcome escape.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I am a huge Rammstein fan.  I have Herzeleid, Sehnsucht, Live Aus Berlin and Mutter.  Mutter is way different from any of their past albums.  It still falls under the genre &quot;Industrial Metal&quot;, and is in the middle of Herzeleid and Sehnsucht heavy wise.  I love all the songs on the album except Nebel and Zwitter (they are still not bad though).  I suggest this album to anyone.  If you are looking for an album to pump iron to, I suggest Herzeleid though; and Sehnsucht is just a must have!
B000001Y9I|5.0|Im not living in the past. Im not rating this CD 5-stars just because Im an old Purple fan. No. Im giving it five stars because it was a wonderufl experience to watch a master in his craft ( Steve Morse ) merge so smootly in a sacred band like Deep Purple. The result was simple a stunning album, marvellous, with various type of songs, without lefting behind Purples trademark of good old rocking. I listen to it always.
0553282980|4.0|I watched the film at school and was given worksheets about each scene. So I worked heavily on the film and think that it is very interesting because you see everyday school life from another point of view. This is due to Mr. Keeting the english teachr who tries to lead the pupils to a wholy different way of life. It is very impressing which methods he uses to encourage the pupils for poetry. But on the other hand there are some scenes which are kind of boring because they don't seem neccesarry for the course of the action. Nevertheless I can recommend the film to all persons in the world. It should be seen by young and old.<br />The basic idea of the film is &quot;carpe diem&quot; which is expressed very excellently.
B00003CXE7|5.0|It's not surprising that some hate this movie, there's a complexity in the stories and subtletly in the acting, which, when occuring alongside the bombastic action sequences, will disconcert people who want every film to fit neatly into a specific genre box.  This is an action/adventure, this is an historical fiction epic, this is an emotional drama, this is a  muscular story told by by muscular actors who can project simultaneous subltety of emotion and terrifying actions, while hinting at sub-plots.  Not all these hinted at sub-plots are neatly wrapped up, but their presence provides a third dimension to the characters, making you realize that you don't know everything about them and that there's more to them.  <br />This picture screams big budget and it's all on the screen or coming through the speakers.  I first saw this in a THX theatre and was blown away.  I've since watched the DVD countless times and continue to be enthralled.  The opening sequence in particular is a stunning action piece that still manages to have depth in the characters, not just opposing fighters having at each other.<br />Bottom line, this is more complex and subtle than an action/adventure, and too violent for a drama.  It's freely admitted historical fiction (i.e. a fictitious story set amongst real events and characters) that will tell you a lot of historical truths about Imperial Rome at the height of it's power.  All the leads impress, especially Crowe who is such a natural actor, that he becomes the role and doesn't seem to be acting.  All in all a 3-dimensional story, with strong actors, great directing, and breathtaking cinematography and VFX.
B000059RL3|5.0|Yes, this is a great release. The detroit mix to my mind is quite different. It's funkier with less emphasis on the sweetness of the strings, less produced basically.  The remastered sound on the orig lp is less bassy compared to the 20-bit version, i dont think this is a deliberate thing probably just the 24-bit remastering makes it clearer,still sounds just as full though.
B00004YKUY|5.0|This CD is by far the best ever! I have been a fan of Journey since 1981. I had the honor of seeing Journey live at Phoenix Arizona for their New Years Concert. I actually thought that Steve Perry was singing because Steve Augeri sounded just like him. There are some songs that sound like old material but I think that makes this CD incredible! I hope that Journey will continue with Steve Augeri for a long time to come. Higher Place, All the Way and the other songs are outstanding!
B00004ZB9D|4.0|Most other reviewers have hit this cd dead-on.  It is a collection of very good songs from Lenny that show a broad range of styles that he has adopted over the years.  The harder rocking songs - Are You Going to Go My Way, Fly Away, American Woman, Rock and Roll is Dead - are the better of the mid level songs in this collection.  The two best songs, Let Love Rule and Mr. Cab Driver, are simply awesome.  Let Love Rule has one of the best sax solos to ever be featured on a rock album and Kravitz really belts out the tunes.  Mr. Cab Driver does have, as several others have criticized, a very primitive sound to the first 3/4 of the song, but that is intentional; there is something great about making a really poignant social statement that really packs a wallup and has a good beat on equipment that sounds like it was picked up at Wal-Mart for under $100.  <br />The rest of the slower songs vary quite a bit.  It Ain't Over Till It's Over is pretty heartfelt.  Again, is about as deep as and sounds like, a made for vh-1 heavy metal ballad, without significant guitars.<br />Several others have remarked on Kravitz's major weakness: his lyrics.  I liked them on Mr. Cab Driver, but on nothing else.  They are sophomoric and incredibly repetitive on some songs (esp. Fly Away and Black Velveteen).  I'd like to ask Lenny why he doesn't try writing a few different lyrics rather than just repeating the chorus 15-20 times (literally).<br />Finally, I would just like to comment a bit tangentially on one point.  I have not seen Kravitz live, but I bet he would be excellent.  This is based on his performance of Are You Going To Go My Way on Saturday Night Live a few years back.  I have seen at least 150 SNL episodes over the years, and the acoustics and sound system are just awful.  I have seen only four acts that actually sounded decent on that show, and Kravitz was one of them.  The other three were James Brown, Neill Young, and surprisingly, the Bangles.<br />If you probably don't want to buy all of Kravitz's albums, get this one.  If you might want to start a collection, get this one (it's handy to have all of the songs together) and get his first and best cd, Let Love Rule.
0553282980|3.0|I think the book &quot;Dead Poets Society&quot; is a good choice, if you have not watched the film . Because the film is much better than the book and if you have watched the film you will not like the book because in the book there is not the athmosphere that is shown in the film. So if you have watched the film you can better &quot;Seize the day&quot; than to read the book!<br />Carpe Diem--------Seize the day!!!!
B0000027RL|5.0|If you are reading reviews of a Pearl Jam album, you probably weren't around when they first came out. Don't listen to the music \\"historian\\" who want to clump PJ, Nirvana, and Soundgarden together as the \\"grunge\\" or \\"alternative\\" founding fathers. These three bands are very distict. Pearl Jam is to 60s rock what Nirvana is to Punk, they brought it into the 90s. Anyone who was of rock listening age in the 90s has to put this album in the top ten all time. Not only because of radio hits such as Alive, and Jeremy, but because of the solid songs throughout the album that live on in quality to today. Songs such as Once and Even Flow need to be experienced live to feel their full intensity, but their greatness shows in the recording. Alive, while its meaning is widely misunderstood, is emotionally wrenching both musically and lyrically. Black is melodic, and is a concert staple to this day. Jeremy, also misunderstood, was the biggest radio, and crossover pop hit, and will probably be the catchiest of the bunch. Porch is a crank-it-up-and-scream classic. Any serious music collection cannot be without this album.<br />Now, if you want the downside of Ten, I'll give that to you to. Most people observe the difference between this and most other PJ albums is that Ten is overproduced. I'll admit this is true, as most songs have a different flavor live. If you want one PJ album to get their purest flavor, check out Vs.
1577311523|5.0|What gentle and true words! Eckhart Tolle really brings us closer to ourselves -- using himself as a mirror for the reader.<br />Thank you, Eckhart, for listening to Spirit so well.
6305657947|1.0|A totally vacuous piece of hollywood nastyness. Brosnan and Russo have about as much charisma as pieces of lettuce. Rene tries desperately to be sexy and alluring but fails dismally. Urrrggghh...the worst Hollywood has to offer. The whole thing plays like a homage to greed and emptiness - see our intrepid cardboard cut outs slumming it in luxurious appartments eating oysters and taking joyrides in Helicopters. Don't get me wrong, i'm not saying I dissaprove of the greed as such but couldn't you at least have fun with it? Rent the original instead, at least that had some flair to it. Avoid!!!!!!!!!
0792841344|5.0|I won't waste your time trying to explain the plot.  It is what you watch the film for.  I won't tell you it's terrifying, because it isn't.  I won't tout the actors as some of the finest in Hollywood.  They were all &quot;outside&quot; of that genre (thank God). What I will say is that if you love to laugh, and get a few shocks, and experience a creepy, and twisted tale that gets so convoluted you can't really be sure what is coming next, then Phantasm is your ticket to ride.  It's fun, sometimes scary, and visually it is striking, especially when you consider the budget of the film, and the period in which it was shot. But if you have seen this film, previously,you already know it's extreme value in horror cinema's history.  So why buy it?  THE EXTRAS!!! This is Coscarelli's gift to the fans!!!! Lots of home movies shot during the making of the film!!! Interviews!!!  Deleted scenes!!!  Digital sound!!! The actors, and the director, even have a commentary track you can listen to, while you watch the film: providing great insights into the making of this fine work.  Many humorous anecdotes, and behind-the-scenes stories are related. Wide screen play!!!  Uncut!!!  Even a full audio track of the song &quot;Sitting Here at Midnight&quot;!!! If you loved the movie, you must buy this DVD!!! The &quot;Tall Man&quot; commands it! ENJOY!!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is an awesome movie with top-notch special effects and great video and sound.  It won four Academy Awards and was one of AFI's Top 400 Movies.  It is one of the best action films around and if you liked this movie you'll love the DVD.  The extra features include: The Making of Terminator 2-An informative 30 minute show<br />The Special Effects Showcase-Tells how they made the movie look beautiful<br />Making of T2:3D-Making of the Universal Studios attraction<br />Commentary:Features about 20 people who helped work on the movie including James Cameron<br />Cast and Crew Biographies<br />A Step by Step overview of how the movie was made with occasional video clips<br />Teasers and Trailers<br />The entire Screenplay and storyboards<br />Both the Theatrical and Special Edition versions of the film<br />With all these extra features, one can stay busy and entertained for hours.  All of this is on one DVD!  Go out and buy it today!
B000021XS0|5.0|This is the best album i have ever heard in my entire life.  It has everything.  No pauses between any of the songs at all.  It's like one really big 77 minute song.  Jordan Ruddes is the greatest keyboardist that has ever lived.  They are the most talented band ever the graze the music business!!!
B00005AAFS|5.0|Best Rammstein album I have heard yet.  Songs get you going, fill you with energy, what do you expect from Rammstein!!??  They Rock!
B000059XUO|4.0|The Crow. Your link between the land of the living and the realm of the dead ... or in this case, your link between a really good movie and a couple mediocre sequels.<br />The Crow collector's series turns out to be a pretty good disc overall, with a couple unfortunate ommissions. The picture looks and sounds fantastic! The deleted scenes are great for anyone who has never seen them. The extended arcade games sequence shows us what truly &quot;bad guys&quot; these men are. I can't for the life of me figure out why they cut this scene down. The funboy extended scene was also great. It showed him going absolutely insane on drugs and you could see why he did the things he did. The shootout at Top Dollar's lair was the weakest of the three with just a few alternate takes and extended takes of the shootout, but it does have one great line delivered by Brandon that was not in the theatrical release. There is also a deleted scenes montage (similar to the one in Gladiator), which could have been great, but it looked like they put it together in about 5 minutes. Couple nice shots of Brandon though within.<br />The Jeff Most commentary is OK with some funny and interesting side stories, but he just talks and talks and talks. The point of a commentary is to tell little stories about what the viewer is watching at the time AND still be able to see and hear what is going on in the movie! Sheesh!<br />The most noticeable ommission from this dvd is NO DIRECTOR'S COMMENTARY. This is a real drag. According to David Schow, the main writer of the film, Alex Proyas had indeed completed a commentary for the film, which was to originally be included. There was some in-fighting between the producer, Miramax and Alex, which I won't go into, and ultimately Alex was pulled from the disc. VERY sad for the fans. Maybe in 2 years, for the Crow's 10 year anniversary, we will get a better disc with the Crow Chronicles and the Commentaries included this time. What do you say guys, can we put our feelings aside and do something for the fans for a change??<br />It would have also been nice to see the skull cowboy footage (shown very briefly in the deleted scenes montage) which is on the CD-Rom and also it would have been nice to see Brandon's &quot;Complete&quot; last interview. Even though this has been shown elsewhere, it's nice to have this stuff neatly packaged together. I hear that there is a moment where Brandon is talking about &quot;safety&quot; on movie sets and how no one should get hurt doing movies. Very eerie. No wonder Miramax won't give us this.<br />The featurette is not good. It's just a re-hash of interviews from 1993 with very little new material. This could of and should have been much better if the Crow Chronicles had been included, but it wasn't because of more Hollywood nonsense.<br />The James O'Barr interview is good and for the first time, James really opens up. He's just a little dry and uncomfortable in front of the camera, but if you can get past this, this is really pretty good.<br />Other extras: There are some alternate Crow poster concepts that were really cool to check out. I hope one of these shows up in auction sometime. The storyboards and conceptual art included was also neat to see, but ultimately a &quot;one time&quot; viewing in my opinion. It would have been nice to see some unpublished photos of Brandon and some behind the scenes stuff from on-set photographer Robert Zuckerman. I REALLY wish they would have included these. I don't have a dvd-rom so I was unable to check out the other goodies. I REALLY wish they would stop putting dvd-rom stuff on dvd's. Just put it on the disc so I can watch it all in ONE PLACE!!! Why do I have to watch most everything from my dvd player and then take the disc out and put it in my computer to see the rest? This has always been a stupid idea to me.<br />Overall this disc is worth it, but avoid the Crow box set. Crow: City of Angels has very little extras with no deleted scenes, so if you own it already, don't bother. Salvation is a good &quot;rental&quot; but ultimately not a very good movie.<br />ENJOY!
B00005AAFS|5.0|Best Rammstein album I have heard yet.  Songs get you going, fill you with energy, what do you expect from Rammstein!!??  They Rock!
068484267X|5.0|With Angela's Ashes, Frank McCourt joins the ranks of other talented writers like Mary Karr revolutionizing the way memoirs are written.  Blending rich descriptions of the Irish childhood with personal insights into his own life, McCourt masterfully lures the reader along a path through his life leaving tears and laughter in his wake.  What not only makes the book, despite its often horrific subject, readable but also a literary masterpiece is McCourt's ability to subtly insert good and happiness in small anecdotes amid the ruin that was the majority of his childhood.  An example occurs midway through the book in a description of one of McCourt's neighbors.  The boy is hunchbacked and deformed and has therefore decided he wants to be a radio announcer so that he can affect people and sound normal without being seen.  Just after this beautiful idea is presented, McCourt relates how in order to raise money, the boy sold tickets to other boys allowing them to watch his sisters bathe.  Startling and yet poignant, to me this anecdote is a summary of the book.  A young boy trying to find hope in the dismal world that was Ireland.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Best Rammstein album I have heard yet.  Songs get you going, fill you with energy, what do you expect from Rammstein!!??  They Rock!
0553106635|5.0|After a while, I rarely remember the names of the characters of most of the books I read. They just all run together. With GRRM's books, I can recall the names of all the main characters, not to mention most of their family tree, several years after I've read the books. I love these books. If only more fantasy novels that are being churned out today have even a fraction of this series' charisma. They are magnificent!
B000059R8Y|4.0|Personally I thought it was a very mello CD. Definately not on the same level as &quot;Riding With The King&quot; that E.C. did with B.B. King. Still a good CD overall. I ejoy his covers of Steve Wonder and several other artists. Probably my favorite verson of travelin' light there is out there.
B00005AFVR|4.0|the sound quality on the cd is tremendous and the e street band has never sounded better. also, bruces voice is stronger than ever. of the 20 songs on the disc my particular favorites so far (i've only listend 3x) my love will not let you down (although i would had rather wanted the ties that bind as the opening) prove it all night musically is one of the highlights but for some reason springsteen sounds like he's out of breath while he's singing it. murder inc with its walls of guitar sound is definitely a standout as is out in the street mainly because of the fans interplay and participation with the band. tenth avenue, one of my top 10 spingsteen songs, clocks in at a ridicously long 16:09 as bruce stops in the middle to deliver his gospel speech AND introdution of the band. i love when he gives his gospel speech and i like the introduction of the band, but not in the same song. this is the only reason why i rated it a four star. american skin (41 shots) is a true classic and should earn bruce a grammy nomination. the version of lost in the flood is a standout, and i love don't look back. all the rest of the songs just sound great. (a footnote-is bruce selling out just a little? after releasing TRACKS, 18 TRACKS came out with 3 more previously unreleased tracks so we had to buy that one....
0812523334|4.0|When it's cold outside, they huddle together. When they are sad, they are sad together. When they are poor, they work through it together. They are always there for each other. Little Women, by Louisa May Alcott was published on September 30, 1868. Even though that was over 100 years ago, it still captures the heart and attention of the majority of its readers. After their father was shipped off to war, Jo, Meg, Amy and Beth March lived with their mother, or \\"Marmee\\" as they normally called her. They lived a life together, and although they never seemed to have enough of anything, they almost always got along. They were very few moments when they didn't. The daughters are fairly creative and act out plays that Jo wrote by herself in her free time. None of them were old enough to work yet, so the family struggled together to stay together. At one point the March family was having so much financial trouble that Jo decides she has to do something for the family. She was very dedicated to keeping their family together. She must have felt that since they had so little to begin with, losing anything more would be unbearable. Jo went out and sold her beautiful long brown hair in order to earn money for the family. Back then, long hair was everything, so for her to cut it so drastically was a huge deal. Jo wants nothing more than for her family to be happy. This book doesn't really remind me of any other books. In most books, family problems and arguments are normal occurrences. However, in this book, family came first all the time. I think it should be that way, but realistically, that is not how most families work. Other books I have read are not very determined to show the bond a family maintains by spending time with each other. Also, I didn't like the way they kept their opinions to themselves during this story. I think that people are very open with their feelings, especially towards family members, but in this book they weren't. Even with the drawbacks I have mentioned about this book, I would still recommend it to everyone. It has a great storyline. I think it will make a place in your heart that will never close up.
B000002GWN|3.0|&quot;Jericho&quot; and &quot;Love or Money&quot; were the only new songs on this album and neither of them were very good. In fact, I skip them with every listening.  Moveover, the classic greats, like &quot;The Last Time I saw Richard&quot; and &quot;Real Good For Free&quot; were somehwat ruined by the live performance.  I have personally never liked  in-concert albums for this reason.  The banter with the audience and the cat calls  are fine for the first hearing, but it's gets old real fast.  Stick to the original recordings [BLUE and LADIES OF THE CANYON] of these great songs.
B000002VCQ|5.0|I'm not really a big fan of Whitney Houston but I do love this album. There's not a bad cut on here and Ms. Whitney shows what a dynamic and diverse singer she is.<br />&quot;Saving All My Love For You&quot; and &quot;Greatest Love of All&quot; have become WH's trademark concert songs and with good reason. Of all the songs on this album, they're my favorite mainly because they're such evocative ballads. <br />Not only can WH do outstanding renditions of pop ballads but she can also rock with the best of them. &quot;How Will I Know&quot; has a rock-soul edge to it that makes you wanna get up and dance.<br />WH also seems to bring out the best in other singers as evidenced by her duets with Jermaine Jackson and Teddy Pendergrass. Jackson has a good but balanced presence on &quot;Take Good Care of My Heart&quot; and &quot;Nobody Loves Me Like You Do&quot; and his singing style blends in well with Houston's. Houston and Pendergrass also complement each other well on &quot;Hold Me.&quot; <br />For the serious and casual Whitney Houston fan this album is a must. The more you listen to it, the more you'll love it.
B000056VPD|5.0|I have seen George Benson roughly ten times in concert covering a period of fourteen years and would have seen him more given the opportunity. This performance is based on Benson's concert format used for over ten years, apart from the BBC Big band backing him in this concert.  <br />This DVD perfectly captures Benson live and displays the diversity of his musical talent through Big band (Beyond The Sea etc..), jazz (Breezin etc..), pop (turn your love around etc..) and funk (Give me the night). Added bonuses include an interview with Benson, individual band member interviews and the chance to see Benson perform with Joe Sample from their 'Absolute Benson' collabaration. <br />It is quite obvious that the actual concert included allot more tracks that Benson usually performs, which didn't make the DVD probably due to format constraints (the only thing missing unfortunately).  Hopefully, these will be available someday, but you never know.<br />I would conclude that this is the only visual media offering I have ever seen of George Benson that you can view on your home TV. A must if your a fan and an insight to his talent if you are inquisitive.  I noticed one reviewer wasn't happy with the sound quality. Mine plays and sounds excellent and I only have nicam TV sound and a budget DVD player.<br />If you are a music lover, you won't regret this purchase as it's a wonderful musical experience.
B000002G8H|5.0|It was once proclaimed that Eric Clapton is god. When it comes to rock guitarists, Clapton is indeed a part of the triune godhead of Hendrix, Townshend and, of course, Clapton. And like a god, Clapton is ageless and powerful; on this album, you feel the force of Clapton's divine guitar playing.<br />Although JJ Cale wrote &quot;Cocaine,&quot; Clapton gave life and definition to it in his own way and made a masterpiece of it! Clapton performs this song in such a way you're almost tempted to start taking the stuff. Kidding aside, this is one of rock's great songs by one of rock's great artists. As an aside, if you really want to hear a great live version of this song, just listen to Clapton's &quot;Just One Night.&quot; Which is another great album in its own right.<br />&quot;The Core&quot; is another kicker that makes you wanna turn up the volume on your receiver to full blast. That is assuming of course your speakers can handle it!<br />&quot;We're All the Way&quot; and &quot;May You Never&quot; are country-tinged tunes that Clapton delivers with flair. &quot;Lay Down Sally&quot; was the Top 40 single from this album and while it's a good song, it's kinda lost some of its punch over the years mainly because it's gotten too much air play on both AOR and adult contemporary stations.<br />&quot;Slowhand&quot; is not only a classic Clapton album but it's also a classic rock album. If you don't have this album in your collection, you're missing something.
B000000I3O|5.0|Here is my theory, in the summer of 1977 Elvis Presley died. His corpse remains in it's grave, however his soul went straight to Hell and returned to Earth in the demonic form on Glenn Danzig, lead singer and genius of The Misfits.  The Misfits Collection number 1 is a journey through horror, contraversary, and flat out original punk rock.  From the opening distorted crunch of &quot;She&quot; to the closing raw shock of &quot;Wolfsblood&quot;, this collection is full of the violence and intellegence that is the Misfits.  This album is twenty jewels, some never heard until the release of this album in 1986.  Check out &quot;Skulls&quot;, &quot;Bullet&quot;, &quot;Where Eagles Dare&quot;, and &quot;Die, Die, Die my Darling&quot;. If you don't buy this and you are a fan of punk, make sure you are sane.
B000002VMD|3.0|If it weren't for songs like &quot;I Have Nothing,&quot; &quot;Queen of the Night&quot; and &quot;Run to You,&quot; I'd probably give this album only two stars. With the exception of &quot;I Will Always Love You,&quot; the Whitney Houston selections really make this album while the rest of the material is merely second-rate.<br />&quot;I Will Always Love You&quot; is one of those songs that no matter who performs it, it's still a LOUSY song! This song got an inordinate amount of air play when it was released as a single nine years ago and it quickly wore out its welcome. If I never hear this song again, that'll be fine with me. Whenever I play this CD, I always skip over this track.<br />&quot;I Have Nothing&quot; is a song that starts you off easy and then takes you to the top. WH delivers this song the only way she can and as far as I'm concerned, this is the best song on the album.<br />&quot;Queen of the Night&quot; is a solid rocker that has a Van Halen edge to it. WH steps out of her balladeer mode and gives an in-your-face performance. This is a good song that shows a different side of Houston's musical persona.<br />As for the rest of the material on this album, the only song that's half-way decent is the SOUL SYSTEM'S semi-rap version of the old Bill Withers hit, &quot;Lovely Day.&quot; If you liked the original version of this song, you probably won't like this rendition. But if you're a &quot;90's&quot; guy/gal, it'll probably appeal to you.<br />Having heard some of Joe Cocker's material during the '70's, I can honestly say the man hasn't changed which is to say he still can't sing! Cocker is bereft of any musical talent and his duet with Sass Jordan only makes a bad situation worse.<br />More often than not, soundtrack albums tend to be a lot better than the movie itself. In this case, the soundtrack is only somewhat better. Well, at least here you don't have to listen to Kevin Costner's insipid dialogue.
B00005AFVR|5.0|This CD is excellent.  It has been 19 months since I saw Bruce and the band at his 2 Detroit shows and after listening to the CD through the first time, it brought back all the memories as if it was yesterday.  The 2 new songs are great. This was the first time I heard &quot;American Skin&quot;, but you can feel the emotion of the crowd as the song builds - powerful. Everytime I start to leave rock and roll behind, Bruce brings me back and this CD tells you why. Bruce is simply the best live performer out there and the CD takes nothing away. Only question left - Bruce, when are you coming back ??
6305069611|3.0|It is no accident that Amazon customers who buy this DVD are also buying works directed by Agn&egrave;s Varda, Henri-Georges Clouzot, Franois Truffaut and Ingmar Bergman. Despite good performances by Bowie and Clark, the movie is unusual for a number of reasons -- it is a most unconventional -- and original -- sci-fi film, with little action and few effects, that utilizes a more esoteric \\"language of film\\" than the popular crowd is used to. In fact, this film is much more likely to feel accessible to those who frequent the local \\"art cinema.\\" They'll find the pacing, tone and content more familiar. Granted, this film is easier going than it was on first release -- which means that to some degree, it was ahead of its time.<br />MAN WHO FELL is visually interesting, largely a movie of leisurely pace and talking heads. Its tone is dark and its plot is ironic and ultimately dark. Nevertheless, the performances are good, and there are some fascinating scenes in it, the alien's remeniscences of unearthly but tender lovemaking with his beloved wife being one of them.<br />This is not a perfect film. It leaves just a little too much for viewers to work out for themselves. Then there is the fact of its length -- no problem in and of itself -- but because this movie was not a big commercial success despite David Bowie, it has in the past suffered additional editing to try to make the film more accessible to a popular audience. Now of course, we want to see every frame, in wide screen, on a crystal clear DVD. The first DVD release simply isn't quite it, in technical terms, though it does give the curious at least a decent look. This is a cult film, so it may take a while to see it get the full digital restoration treatment. Whether this sci-fi curiosity deserves it or not is up to you.
B000005IU2|5.0|.... The guitar alternates between riffs that sound like an industrial drill press to songs of three to four huge clanging sheet metal chords. Probably the same chords through all seven songs. The album is &quot;stoopid&quot; and pounding but only a few, even musicians with far, far, more versatility than these yahoos, have managed something as powerful as this. The original Motor City madman, circa 1967-1974 (Sorry, Ted Nugent doesn't come close), Iggy, along with his gang of delinquents, rushed through some thirty-six minute nightmarish phantasmagoric underworld and captured it on tape. The band claims they came into the studio and performed their current live set while the engineers somehow managed, amazingly, to bring definition to this aural assault. A recording contract with Mephistopheles must lie dusty in some back filing cabinet at Electra Sound Recorders studios. The band heads &quot;Down In The Street&quot;, the first song/circle where the perfidious are relegated, and Iggy cah-roons  &quot;Deep in the night I'm lost in love, a thousand lies look at you&quot;.  Ron Ashton's guitar does a one-two punch until at the &quot;chorus&quot; it turns into a sonic whirling sink hole where Iggy lets out the first of his inhuman, guttural, primal screams that permeate the album.  In the second circle the untrammeled id of the Ig  is let &quot;Loose&quot; like a wild beast while the band plays Deep Purple's &quot;Smoke On The Water&quot; in double time.  At the beginning of the third circle, Iggy lets out a scream that sounds like a soul being drawn and quartered. No one can be sure what the song &quot;T.V. Eye&quot; means though perhaps it is the circle of Hell for those who in life watched too much television. The band slows as it sinks into &quot;Dirt&quot; sounding as if they are crawling through offal. Iggy tells you he's dirt and he doesn't care. When &quot;1970&quot; comes blaring at you, Iggy screams how maybe sex can assuage his torment, then he'll feel alright. The Stooges are joined on the rest of their journey by saxophonist Steve Mackay who blares and bleats, as if he were an amphetamine psychotic imagining he's Charlie Parker, and rivals Ashton's guitar in this flailing soundscape. No cool jazz here. In the sixth circle, Iggy sounds like a beaten animal wanting to crawl in from the &quot;Funhouse&quot; so his soul might finally feel peace. The album ends at the only logical conclusion: &quot;L.A. Blues&quot; is a heap of jagged noise, pure formless dissonance that will remind one vaguely of a Los Angeles traffic jam (I've experienced one, I know). After all isn't it plausible that the torment of the lowest circle of Hell would be to be endlessly stuck on a Los Angeles highway during a perpetual rush hour? Dante wrote it, but they played it.
B000002ITM|4.0|I always wonder what Testament could have accomplished if they had stayed this route, because this was their most well-rounded album.  It wasn't their best (Practice What You Preach was), but it had some of their best tunes.<br />This had a real barn-burner with Agony, and a nice stomper in So Many Lies. Yet it it also had one of the very best thrash ballads (if that isn't a contradiction)of the late 80s-early 90's in Return To Serenity. You can really feel the emotion dripping off of Alex's solo. <br />I'd fully recommend this to anyone who wants to take a listen to the potential of Alex Skolnik.  If you like thrash with a bit of melody, this is the album to get.
B00005214X|3.0|While others have touted the musicality, new songs, remastering and intentions behind Harrison's reissue, his allusion to the new packaging in the accompanying booklet as a response to the &quot;concret[ing]&quot; over of &quot;our planet&quot; is a bit overstated.  In truth the new packaging is dysfunctional.  While the ironic cover pictures are a welcome diversion, the cardboard covers for the individual discs are too small and too tight.  This cumbersome design makes it difficult to remove the discs from their covers, and when finally extracted they inevitably have small bits of cardboard on the playing surface.  In short, do not expect to be able to use the original packaging for storage.  Harrison's comments notwithstanding, this is not the only recently released box set with this type of packaging.  This design may be the wave of the future; another &quot;better idea&quot; that is cheaper to produce, but impractical and functionally inferior to the former product.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Wow, Alanis has almost completly changed her style of songs since 1995's Jagged Littl Pill, and she is STILL (in my humble opinion) the greatest singer in the world. I loved Jagged, and when I first got this CD, I was turned off, but I pressed to give it several more listens. A month later, I won't leave my house without it. It is simply a masterpiece. The startlingly mature lyrics especially stand out in The Couch, UR, and Can't Not. The music which is completley original shines most in So Pure, Heart of the House, Joining You, Thank U, and That I Would Be Good.  Another truimph for Alanis.
B00004YKUY|4.0|The album stands on its own as a very good piece of work no matter who the lead singer is.  The songs are exactly what a Journey fan would expect, the rockers rock and the ballads are tear jerkers.  The only thing derogatory I have to say about this new effort is the constant attempt either by the Augeri himself or by the group as a whole to imitate the singing style of Steve Perry, even down to his trademark woo-ooh-woo.  I believe this was a conscious effort to convert Steve Perry fans over to the new line-up.  Augeri brings with him a gritty voice that lends itself greatly to the rockers, but gone is the vocal range and smooth delivery of Perry.  Final verdict, this is a great album but it shouldn't be compared to prior Journey efforts.
6302891272|2.0|I loved Ran, 7 samurai and Yojimbo. When this movie appeared on my local video store shelf I had to rent it. It is possible for great directors and actors to do a bad film. And this is theirs.      The idea for this film seems to be, let's see how drawn out and dull we can make each scene. It was like watching the running part of forest gump. It just went on and on and on. So many of the scenes could end, but they just keep going beyond any rational point.     The acting is so over the top. The lines fake and the whole thing a joke. How it is considered serious is beyond me. The final death scene is the biggest laugh I have had in ages. The samurai has arrows sticking out everywhere. INCLUDING ONE THROUGH HIS NECK. Yet on he goes. Staggering to the left. Staggering to the right. And for the most part yelling screaming and giving his final death speech. Other samurai running away from him in fear. What a laugh.<br />    The samurai's wife did give an excellent preformance as the scheming power hungry wife. A predecessor to the wife in Ran perhaps. <br />    Give it a watch. But don't go into this one thinking it is going to be be fantastic just because of the people who are involved with it.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I just got this cd today and I am so speechless.  Every song on this CD is soooo tight.  I really like from Brown Skin to the end.  I want to turn the volume up so loud that I could share with everyone.  She speaks to your soul and you actually feel goosebumps.  Very nice clean cd, no nonsense about cheating, lying, gold diggin'.  Buy it!!
B000053V7Q|5.0|In the original version of this movie, the plot seemed to be that of a one-time teen-idol/rock star attempting to reinvent himself as a mainstream-friendly, Tom Jones-like lounge singer, with an unwelcome emphasis on Vegas gaudiness and too much screen-time dedicated to the shallow end of his legion of fans. Even so, once Elvis hit the stage and the focus turned to the music, Presley was in a sufficiently inspired musical mind-set to reveal that he had so much more to offer than to be placed in such a miscast role.  Elvis' gradual decline to this level would subsequently undercut and overwhelm his vibrant, multi-cultural musical instincts. At this point it hadn't yet, although the warning signs are certainly visible from time to time. <br />This new edition cannot entirely escape the superficial trappings of Presley's superstardom. Nonetheless, the movie does reveal that in 1970, Elvis was a) in great physical shape, b) consistently inspired as a vocalist, and c) taking active control of his musical presentation (as seen in the revealing rehearsal segments that open this movie). As Presley takes the stage, there develops an intriguing tension between Elvis the artist and \\"ELVIS\\" the entertainer. On the one hand, Presley's vocals quite consistently recapture the inspiration of his most powerful performances--MUCH moreso than the ALOHA FROM HAWAII concerts (1973). On the other hand, he can hardly get through a song without some degree of clowning around (fortunately, this bad habit is a minor albeit recurrent distraction). One gets the sense that the audience would be no less satisfied if Elvis goofed his way through the entire show, as long as the tunes stayed familiar and he tossed out kisses and sweat-drenched towels to them.  I don't mean to pick on these fans, only to express regret that Elvis' musical talents would increasingly become obscured by his preoccupation to give them what he thought they wanted.   <br />The DVD has a nine-minute mini-documentary highlighted by interviews from surviving sidemen, plus excellent 5.1 sound that enables Presley to be heard in a manner as close as possible to actually being in the audience at that time.  Fans will want to keep their old versions of this movie, because a number of the performances are substituted here.  I give the new version a musical edge...it seems like the new producers generally chose to focus on Elvis at his most musically inspired.  Overall, THAT'S THE WAY IT IS doesn't show a musically-flawless Elvis, but it does show an extraordinary talent at a time when that talent was still in consistently satisfying focus.  I consider this recut, remixed version to be one of the best music documentaries available in any genre, despite any stated reservations.
B000002L9J|3.0|This is to me the obvious end of the Smiths, many songs let themselves go through the already learned way of making music of this great group. They lack of the freshness of the beginning albums, and more important, I think they assume by this time they won't make any other important contribution to pop music.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Arrival is the next album of the new millenium! Steve Augeri, the new voice of Journey, may sound alot like Steve Perry, but his vocals exceed Steve Perry. Journey has always been on top of the current style of music, and they fit their style into it. <br />Songs like 'Higher Place' and 'All The Way' are remenicent of the 'Escape' and ' Frontiers' era. <br />Jon, Neal, are still the major songwriters in the band, true, without Perry's input, the music is different. But it's still awesome! And with the new singer, there's also new drummer Deen Castronovo, whose playing fits into the Journey sound just as Steve Smith before him. <br />Overall, this album is one of my top 100 album choices, and I'm extremely happy with the sound and the fact that Journey has move on without Perry, and Jon, Neal, Ross, Deen and the new Steve are not willing to let Journey fade away!
B0000508U6|4.0|Coldplay is another one of those bands that proves there is a lack of good songwriting in America.  Britain has been and still is proving that rock oriented music with quality songwriting is still alive.  I'm not saying there isn't any good music in America, there is, but only in the realms of indie music.  Music played on the radio is so contrived and if anyone knew anything about music they would realize that bands like Blink 182 are completely watered down versions of skate bands from the 1980s.  Coldplay definitely isn't breaking new ground, but who needs to when the songs can create real emotion.  The sad thing is that people have to see Coldplay on MTV (the worst promoter of good and new music) before any interest is given, and the Thom York references are completely based on the lack of musical exposure Americans have.  Parachutes is good, but not a perfect album, especially when compared to other bands on major labels from Britain like Embrace and Travis, who are non-existent to the American public.  Even a band like the Verve whose &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; is one of the best albums to come out in years, is considered a one hit wonder because &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; was played on the radio for a month.  You should buy Parachutes from Coldplay as well as the other bands mentioned and create a musical revolution in America and escape from the teen pop tragedy.
0452270073|2.0|I read Birdsong and was stunned.  WW1 came alive for me and the sheer scope of the tragedy.  I couldn't wait for Pat Barker's book - WHAT A LET DOWN!  I have given 2 stars because it is reasonably written, but she brings none of Faulks intrinsic understanding of the male condition under such circumstances.  All in all she lacks an appreciation of what was happening at a human level.  Good try, but not well done; and the trilogy won a booker?
B0000026KQ|1.0|I'm cracking up at reading a review that calls this a &quot;timeless masterpiece.&quot;  Gawd...no offense, but groupies drive me nuts.<br />You HAVE to be kidding me.  As I said in an earlier review of Beck:  it's been said that when he's good, he's very good; when bad, very bad.  Folks, this is bad.  Not his worst, but bad.  It pains me to say that, but it's true.  DON'T waste your money on this.
6305627401|5.0|This is probably the funniest movie I have watched in years! Vulgar, crude, disgusting. Call it what you want but you will just laugh when you watch it.<br />Basically, Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny have to prevent a war between the US and Canada and at the same time try to save the world from Satan and Saddam Hussein by preventing a dreadful prophecy from taking place! Simple as pie.<br />The jokes are definitely more vulgar then the series but you won't be able to stop yourself from laughing at them. There were however too many musical numbers though I really enjoyed Unca F**ka. Get this, you won't regret it.
B00004Z459|5.0|I think &quot;sincerety&quot; and &quot;creativity&quot; are just getting SOOO played out.  It's time for something new.  It's time for Linkin Park.<br />As the late, great Kid Rock once said, &quot;If music is good, you'll FEEL it.&quot;  And, while Linkin Park is no Kid Rock, I really FEEL this breathtaking debut.  Every single track makes me want to call my parents sell-outs and squeeze Noxzema pads into my mouth until I get really smashed.<br />Even though the cover art may be the highlight of this album, I can't forget the actual songs.  There's the smash hit &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, which, in my opinion, perfectly depicts stereotypical teen-angst.  &quot;Papercut&quot; sorta sounds like an echo of everything that has been done in rock n' roll history, but it's still really sweet.  &quot;Forgotten&quot; has some of those most beautiful and poignant lyrics to come along in weeks - &quot;Taken far from my safety/The picture is there/The memory won't escape me/But why should I care?&quot;  That is almost better than the material in Jewel's book of poetry.  <br />I could prolly go on for days about why this is the most subversive fun I've had in 13 years but I really need to get a pair of JNCOs before the store closes.  Buy this if ur kewl!!!!11
B000003TA4|5.0|Simply put, this was the most important album of the '90's for two reasons.  First, it helped shuffle in a whole new era of Rock.  Secondly, it is the main reason that bands like Warrant and White Snake aren't still making music.  Thank God.         Few bands are talented enough to compile an album filled with great songs.  Most can only muster 3 or 4 good songs and fill the rest of the album with junk.  Luckily for us this is an exception to that rule, you don't need to worry about skipping through the junk.  Unfortunately the beauty of this album has been somewhat tarnished by the ridiculous attention that is paid to songs like &quot;Smells like Teen Spirit&quot; and &quot;Come As You Are&quot;.  These songs are great, but don't have the emotional punch of &quot;Drain You&quot;, &quot;Polly&quot;, or &quot;Territorial Pissings&quot;.  Nirvana's greatest achievement on this album doesn't come from one of it's video hits though, it is the unlikely &quot;Lounge Act&quot;(track 9), a brutal tour de force of emotion that goes straight for your gut.  This song combined with the others represents Rock at its greatest.  If you don't own it, buy it.  If you own it, buy yourself a backup.
B00000253N|5.0|In the midst of an era flooded with pop-jangling disco and epic powerhouse rock, Bob Dylan quietly released his masterpiece.  &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; is an opus of content over production, foregoing gimmicks -- no crunching guitar solos, no dance beats, no exploding drumsets -- in favor of substance.  This is just Bob with his guitar and harmonica, backed by a beautifully understated drummer, bassist, and organist.  <br />More importantly, the songs on this album take on a new discipline and maturity in their composition.  Many of Dylan's earlier songs are characterized by strings of brilliant lines set to seemingly separate music, without complete coherence among the lyrics, or between the lyrics and the music.  But sometimes Bob did write songs that were tight, that were expertly constructed and executed and that made sense as total works.  &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; consists of ten of Dylan's very best songs from the latter category, loosely connected by a theme of maturation through loving and losing.  From the anthemic &quot;Tangled Up In Blue&quot; to the teeth-baring &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; to the flawless blues of &quot;Meet Me in the Morning&quot; to the gorgeous, heartbreakingly minimalist &quot;Buckets of Rain,&quot; these songs represent Dylan at his moody, serious, composed, brilliant best.          <br />The usual cliches (desert island collection, worn-out vinyl copy) don't begin to do justice to &quot;Blood on the Tracks.&quot;  Make no mistake, this is one of those incredibly rare works of art which effects a permanent change in the way it's done.  Personally, after listening to this album, all I want to do is find Bob, kiss his feet, and thank him.  Oh, hell: thanks, Bob, for giving this to the world.  There's really nothing else to say.
B00004YKUY|4.0|First off, this is not up to par with Frontiers or Escape, but is head over better than Trial by Fire. Steve Perry WAS a great singer in the 80's but time has taken its toll on his voice. Steve Augeri is a great replacement.  They couldn't have done much better. Clocking in at 73:58 and 15 tracks, there's plenty of music to pick from. I've burned a cd of the best cuts because I think there is a little filler on this album. I'd been more content with my track listing of 10 songs, and they follow: Higher Place All the Way Signs of Life World Gone Wild Loved by You Lifetime of Dreams Nothin comes close To be alive again With your love We will meet again<br />I'll give credit to Journey and the record company deciding to change the song lineup from the import version, however IMHO this is the lineup they should have used. No filler, just a solid collection of rockers and ballads. Signs of Life, To be alive again, and Lifetime of Dreams definely need to be pushed for follow up singles. Any one with CD burners, convert to this lineup and you'll have to agree this compilation makes ARRIVAL the best Journey cd in 18 years. Let the discussions begin.
0156421178|5.0|George  Orwell has become a literary and political icon for so many causes it must make him spin in his too early grave.The left loved him {the road to wigan pier} the right posthumously embraced him {animal fram and 1984}. The truth is, as always more elusive, and less obvious. Orwell was a socialist,which in the land of the free and the brave is always tarred with the same brush as soviet  communist{of course}. Orwell grew up in a society of severe class distinction{more pronounced than in America},and despised class distinction. So, like many left leaning folks in the 1930's he went offto Spain to fight in the great conflict between right and left. What began as a coup by Fascists led by Franco turned into 3 years of savage butchery{on ALL sides} that eventually led to 50 yeARS OF FASCIST RULE.Orwell spares no one{even himself,true to form} in this account.The little descriptive moments that enliven this sad account{the sign in a barcelona resturant,please do not insult us by tipping}, the description of various kinds of body lice as lies lies, wet and cold in the trenches are perfect Orwell moments. Of course, Orwell was wounded, and later,incredibly,labeled a memeber of a por-fascist element and had to literally run fo his life.Along with Simone Weil{who had similar expierences,being saved from death by her own awkwardness, and equally disillusioned} and from the royalist side, the great French novelist Geroge Bernanos{he was revolted by the conduct of &quot;religiois&quot; people, and moved to South America} Orwell set the record straight on this war. Often thought of as a macarbe tone poem for WWII, this war had all of the elements of its won unique horrors.{The bombing of civilian populations,the mutilations of so many clerics,children being forced at gunpoint into conscription from both sides}Homage to Catalonia is , I think Orwell's greatest achievment.It destroys myths on both sides,as Orwell tries to find {in himself] the elusivethird way{between capitalism and communsim}. Searing, epochal,magnificent. Highest rating, absolutly essential reading !
B000002UA2|4.0|What's most unfortunate about &quot;classic rock&quot; radio format is that they recycle the same seven or eight Floyd songs and never give anything else a hearing.  This album has many tunes that are more than worthy. Reading the other reviews will give you a play by play of the songs. I will succinctly state that this is better than Wish You Were Here and a notch below Dark Side and The Wall. Better than WYWH makes it an awesome listen.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This cd is one of the best ive heard for a long time.  I mean 9 guys??? whered they put em all.  but still this cd is awsome.  i swear &quot;spit it out&quot; and &quot;eyeless&quot; are the best...it makes you wanna just get up and start thrashing your room.  if u like static x, kittie and crap like that you have to get this cd.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Ever since Mariah Carey's MERRY CHRISTMAS CD in 1994, no one has released a better CD until Christina Aguilera's MY KIND OF CHRISTMAS came along late last year. Forget 98 Degrees, *Nsync, Celine Dion and Babyface, this is the only Christmas CD you need. From the beautiful &quot;Christmas Song&quot; to &quot;Merry Christmas Baby&quot; Christina has sung a brilliant album of songs and done it in style, in her own style and did not falter to following the traditional sounds. A great Christmas CD overall.
6303416403|5.0|IT was just as good as the other two but only get it if u really like ninja turtles otherwise you might not like it.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I don't know what is wrong with most teenagers. How can anyone say that Britney can sing and that she is a true artist? I have read a few reviews of this CD and thankfully, I discovered some people actually have the same opinion as I do. I do agree with the fact that any entertainer out there who don't write their own music should not be regarded as &quot;artists&quot;. That's because real artists write and produce their own songs. If people defend Britney by saying she's too young to know how to write and produce, then my answer would be that she shouldn't be an artist until she has learnt to write and produce.<br />I highly respect artists who write and produce their own music even if they are not my cup of tea, I mean, at least they are getting the recognition they deserve, not because someone else is the mastermind behind them. <br />If you put all the songs on this CD onto the first one, you can't tell the different and you are right because they are all the same. The annoying part is that people know that fact but still buy this CD. Are people nuts or something, how can this repetitive trash sell over 14 million copies worldwide? I know, most people would have bought it for the cover art which is better than the music. <br />Let's face it Britney fans, &quot;Baby One More Time&quot; and &quot;Oops! I Did It Again&quot; are the same, &quot;Stronger&quot; and &quot;Crazy&quot; are identical, &quot;Sometimes&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot; are the same while &quot;Born To Make You Happy&quot;, &quot;From The Bottom Of My Broken Heart&quot; and &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot; are triplets born at the same time. I mean, even the number of words in the title reflects that. With such obvious signs, why it is taking so long for some people to realise this. The only piece of art work Britney contributed to the making of this CD is &quot;Dear Diary&quot; which I wouldn't even regard as a song because it is so poor. What are Britney's other artistic contributions? ....... If you can't think of any, you are right because there ain't anything else. Beside her annoying voice, her breasts and her sweet as candy face, there's nothing else she has contributed yet she gets all the profits. This world is insane.<br />Despite getting all of that off my chest, the world still evolves and still love Britney as much as they used to, if not even more now that I have successfully bagged about her. But the next thing that happens before 2001 finish is another product coming out which is according to me a waste of paper, plastic, time, space, energy and most importantly, money. Yes, you guessed it, another bloody manufactured CD from Britney, and she will gurantee you will love it because her breasts will be all over the front cover. <br />The only reason why I said she is lucky because most idiots seemed to have fallen for her spell which is made up of flesh, beauty and absolutely no talent what so ever and a strong manufacturing team. I would have been ridiculing other producers who are actually producing real music if I said producing team.<br />Seriously, I only gave this CD one star because that's the lowest it could get. I would have given it zero if I had the chance. Take my advice, never buy anything Britney once again and run far, far away when you see anything by Britney Spears.
071198042X|4.0|This is a good book to read if you want to know the detailed  day to day life of Mr. Mercury. Phoebe is trying to show us what life was like with Freddie. The first part of the book is more of the touring scene, the second half is all about Freddie's day to day life. The end of the book is done very tastefully(eventhough, I still shed a few tears). This is not the book to read if you want to find out about the band as a whole, or if you want a detailed format of Queen's concerts. The Rumors in the book are put to rest or corrected. It's hard to say wheather I believe them or not, I wasn't there. Some readers will have to take them with a grain of salt. I have read this book 3 times so far, and every time I still get emotional. I thank Phoebe for giving us a glimpse into the life of the greatest singer/songwriter on this planet.
B000002N3N|4.0|Let's drop all our differences and sit down and take a listen of Enya's THE MEMORY OF TREES. It's a brilliant album and how can you not like it with such a fabulous title track. Enya is already creating magic without using words. &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, the second track and also the first single from the album is probably the most worded song from Enya in a long time and it's simply stunning. I think nobody can be as inventive and speak in such a perspective through their songs.  Whenever I recommend this CD to my friends, they all laugh at me and think that I am being a complete idiot. Despite constant criticism, I have not liked Enya any less and strongly believe that I don't need to see a doctor. My friends describe it as &quot;Mental institution music for those who cannot afford to see a psychiatrist to help them improve upon their mental illness&quot;. Never the less, I suppose that's what you get when your friends are 17 year old males (So am I).  So, I strongly recommend you get yourself a copy of THE MEMORY OF TREES and the stand out tracks are &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot;, &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;, &quot;China Roses&quot;, &quot;Tea House Moon&quot; and &quot;On My Way Home&quot;. Totally brilliant CD. Well worth your while and best of all, you won't regret it!
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton's &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is a dazzling visceral feast for the brain. It dips into elements of timid comedy, macabre imagery and suspense and mystery that all coems wrapped in a sensory package that brings Washington Irving's tale to a vivid new life. The movie has a unique feel to it that only someone with the imagination of Tim Burton could create, and that, combined with the gorgeous cast and their witty characters, make this film work on many different and exciting levels. Sure, it does have a little bit of blood and gore (what were you expecting?), but I looked at this as a serious movie with comical undertones, which is what makes it work so well. <br />The story borrows from Irving's tale, which delves into the belief that a ghost, in the form of a headless man upon a gigantic black stallion, inhabits the woods outside of the quiet town of Sleepy Hollow. This brings Constable Ichabod Crane into the picture, who is sent by his superiors to ivestigate the deaths of several people. Crane believes it to be cold murder, and sets out to prove his theory, along with making good with the citizens as he dismantles town life with his discoveries. <br />Johnny Depp plays Ichabod Crane, and this pairing of his character with the rest of the town sets up a lot of the tension that keeps the movie's mystery and intensity moving. Crane's discovery that there really is a ghost sends him on a journey into the woods to discover if it is true, and what he will discover will bring the town to a jaw-dropping stand-still as they anxiously await for the final answers to come to light. <br />There are more than enough elements at work in this movie, but the most intriguing is the mystery behind the Headless Horseman, and the forces at work that bring him into the picture. The story gives us small yet confusing clues that seem to be leading us to nowhere in discovering the mystery, but once the secrets are revealed, everything falls into place and the clues take on more significance. This is the kind of movie that starts out confusing, then turns out to be everything you never thought to think of. <br />I like these kind of clues; every spoken line in the movie is going to have a significance, whether big or small, at some later point in the movie. There is a significant slowdown towards the end once all the secrets are revealed, at which point it becomes increasingly easy to predict what's going to happen, but this is not a hindering factor for the movie, but rather a period of calm after the storm. This gives us a chance to reflect on the events of the movie, thereby forcing us to consider a second viewing in order to capture all the clues once again, only with more ease. <br />The story works well with this mystery, moving along at an easy pace, with moments of fast action mixed with slow scenes that revolve mostly around one of two things: the love relationship developing between Crane and Katrina Van Tassel, the daughter of a wealthy resident, or in giving us the small clues aforementioned. There is a nice balance that allows us to catch our breathes in the midst of all the suspense while not ever becoming to melodramatic or woeful. <br />Tim Burton has an extensive visual integrity, as displayed in his previous movies (if you don't believe me, then rent &quot;Edward Scissorhands). With &quot;Sleepy Hollow,&quot; he is given the opportunity to transport us to a totally different place and time, and he does so elegantly and eerily. The sets and the costume design are resonant of the time period, while also increasing the high-class nostalgia of the characters that dwell within them. These sets are also very eerie in that there is always shadow and poor light which hide certain things from view, so we never get the full picture. This adds to the mysticism and keeps up a sense of unease and tension. <br />Other sets, such as the forest setting, are completely ominous and overbearing. The trees have no leaves, which are spread outon the ground in rotting piles, leaving the branches as bareand twisting fingers to the sky. This is the ultimate walk in the woods, people. Burton's use of off-beat skin tones, which give the characters a more-than-normal white appearance, convey the sense of death and decay along with the other aspects of the set design. Danny Elfman's music is effective and brooding, adding to the sense of romantic phantasmagoria that pervades the movie's plotline. <br />The acting in this movie is purely magical, like a dream. Johnny Depp as Ichabod Crane is goofy and intelligent, his dialogue sounding natural and coming at us with ease. His investigation of the crimes brings out his aspirations of austerity, while his clumbsiness in handling an autopsy is comical and brings humor to the movie. Christina Ricci is bright and gorgeous as Katrina Van Tassel, and the perfect match for Depp. Their chemistry is convincing and inviting, and we begin to enjoy watching them together onscreen. All of the characters are given the wittiest and most pristine dialogue I've heard in a movie in ages, which adds to the aristocratic sense of the movie. <br />I enjoyed &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; because it is able to do what most movies cannot: it can take a classical story, give it a more-than-praiseworthy makeover, and combine elements of horror and humor without going into to much of one without the other. The movie is witty, intelligent, and frighteningly good fun with a surprise twist ending that delivers satisfaction. It never strays from the boundaries of its subject matter, nor does it try to modernize it. The Legend of Sleepy Hollow may never be the same again.
6305807086|1.0|Waste of time. This is not good SciFi, it is explotation. I presume everyone involved had some very long arms to pat themselves on the back for getting paid for this. Yuck!
6303379214|5.0|This has to be one of THE best movies I have ever seen. It definately has not got the publicity it deserves. It's funny, charming and romantic. Marisa Tomei and Robert Downey Jnr. are FANTASTIC and the storyline is just as good. An especially good Valentine's movie, but brilliant any time! Get it and don't miss out!<br />P.S. Italy is beautiful! The Italian tourist board should thank the makers of Only You - It has persuaded me to go to Italy sometime!!!
B00004Y6NU|5.0|I was 24 when I first heard &quot;telegraph road&quot;.  Then I was really beginning to like classical music with my old favorite RockNroll.  <br />Telegraph road was like a Chaconne and Sarabande of Bach's solo violin/cello pieces with the images it stirs and that emotional human drama portrayed to me.  <br />Other songs are also wonderful.  Buy this, buy other D.S, buy MK's solo albums.  I liked it then, I like it more now.
0385495323|5.0|This in an excellent book that shows how messages were written, sent and intercepted through different ages, what were the implications of being/not being able to decipher them and what is the latest in security.  It is fascinating and you can't put it down. The only thing to be aware of is that for the last third of the book you must at least like computers.
B00004Y6NU|5.0|I was 24 when I first heard &quot;telegraph road&quot;.  Then I was really beginning to like classical music with my old favorite RockNroll.  <br />Telegraph road was like a Chaconne and Sarabande of Bach's solo violin/cello pieces with the images it portrays and that emotional human dramatic stir.  <br />Other songs are also wonderful.  I liked it then, I like it more now.
0307155102|5.0|This book is fantastic.  As a book lover, it is exciting to see my 18 month old son fall in love with a book for the first time.  He will sit for 30-45 minutes looking at this book (an amazing feat for an 18 mo old boy)!  When we are ready to turn the page, I ask &quot;Should we look at another page?&quot; and he screams &quot;Yeah!!!&quot;  I recommend it to everyone with a small child.
B00004Y6NU|5.0|I was 24 when I first heard &quot;telegraph road&quot;.  Then I was really beginning to like classical music with my old favorite RockNroll.  <br />Telegraph road was like a Chaconne and Sarabande of Bach's solo violin/cello pieces with the images it portrays and that emotional human dramatic stir.  <br />Other songs are also wonderful.  I liked it then, I like it more now.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Superb!  Rammstein made us fans wait, and it was well worth it.  They have produced a harder and faster album to their previous ones, but Mutter still contains that distinct Rammstein sound.  Congratulations to Khira Li for her input, it works very well.  Mutter has only been released in NZ 24 hours, but I've thrashed it so much that I had 'Zwitter' playing in my dream last night!  I like the magnet attachment thing, and the plastic feel to the lyrics booklet.  Hopefully it will last longer than paper ones.  Well done Rammstein, a masterpiece to be proud of!
B000003TAR|5.0|After Nevermind, it seemed impossible for Nirvana to make a better record...yet they did. In Utero shows a more matured side of Nirvana. Cobain's lyrics seem to foreshadow his tragic spiral into suicide as the depression factor seems to be at an all time high in Nirvana's music. However the CD is still good, harrowing most of the time. Looking back it's really scary as to what it said about Cobain and how he felt inside. Someone should have taken a little more notice before it was too late...
B00005AFVR|2.0|All these 5 star reviews are going to sound prety silly in a few months. While there are a few terrific moments - an overhauled &quot;River&quot; and &quot;USA&quot;, &quot;Lost In the Flood&quot;, a spirited &quot;Ramrod&quot; - the packaging is a mess, the sequencing horrid, the edits on &quot;Tenth&quot; and &quot;Badlands&quot; pointless, and the mix...where are the thunderous crowd sing-a-longs to &quot;Alantic City&quot;, &quot;Badlands&quot;, &quot;OITS&quot;, and &quot;Tenth&quot;? A rush job for a freaking television show, and given the fact that these two shows were momentous, hugely dissapointing. Seek out the boots and avoid Springsteens official live releases until he figures out how to do them well.
B000000OMB|5.0|I know why so many critics panned (really slammed!) this album so hard.  When it was released, this was NOT where rock/pop was heading...you had a collision of punk, techno, and rockabilly, while the sound that Asia was producing was/is very traditional rock.  However, as countless reviewers have pointed out, this album is pure artistic and technical wizardry.  When you have such a confluence of superb musicians as this band does, they really could not go wrong.  The mere fact that so many rock aficionados are still talking about this album 20 years after its release is evidence of its legacy.  Buy it, listen, enjoy.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I really do like this CD, but that's because I don't try to compare this era of Maiden to any other.  You couldn't realistically have expected this reunion of sorts with Bruce and Adrian to create a product equivalent to \\"Powerslave\\" or \\"Number Of The Beast\\" or even \\"Seventh Son...\\".  If they would have tried to relive past glories, some of their most dedicated fans would have been first to cast the stones of \\"sell-out\\" or \\"rehash\\" in their faces.  \\"Brave New World\\" is a NEW Iron Maiden, a phoenix risen from the ashes.  In retrospect, no matter what Maiden has attempted, they achieved with class and competence.  \\"BNW\\" shows that this hasn't changed at all whatsoever.  Even while utilizing subtle progressive-rock tendencies, they've shown how maturity and wisdom can shine through while still leaving room for pure metal aggressiveness.  I believe that Iron Maiden showed with this album that they weren't afraid to challenge themselves - and a few fans in the process.  For once, it's nice to see a \\"reunion\\" band NOT rest on its past accomplishments, churning out sounds from 1984 to pack a few stadiums.  They wrote this album not to turn back the hands of time but to usher in a whole new era of attempting to tap into their collective potential as progressive composers.  Without skipping a beat, Maiden resumed their duties of taking themselves to the next level of intensity and intelligence with \\"Brave New World.\\"
B000056K04|5.0|If you are expecting to buy a CD that sounds like his previous albums, don't buy this one!  At first, I was expecting this to follow his previous softer rock albums.  These new songs bring together Dave's complicated style, and the harder rock, with the use of the electric bass.  This CD isn't as complicated as one's in the past, but it is a different style that I enjoy.  Out of the 12 songs, the first 10 use his new style of Dave's soft voice on top of the harder guitar sounds.  The last 2 songs go back to his old style of complicated music with softer sounds.  I think he had to change his style a bit to meet the needs of his fans, and he did just that!
B000002MZ6|5.0|I too share in the enthusiasm for this incredible musical &quot;work&quot;. I have read Arthur C. Clarke's book of the same name, and find this music a fitting companion to a great book, but this music goes beyond being a mere soundtrack-for-a-book.<br />What would Mozart or Beethoven's music sound like, if they were alive today, and had at their disposal the electronic devices for modern music making?  I think even they would have to bow to this work, truly a masterpiece.<br />(Also, a must hear if you own a good pair of headphones!)
B000059MEK|4.0|I'm a little surprised some people seem so disappointed in this effort. I'm not quite sure what people expected, but I think this album is a lot of fun. At times soulful, at other times just plain silly, I appreciate the fact these guys love music, but have a sense of humor at the same time. Seems to me a lot of electronic artists are taking themselves just way too seriously these days, so I appreciate artists who can take a step back and remind us that it's OK for dance music to be fun, too.
B000000ZKD|5.0|Okay, okay.  Enough with the Booker T. In-Jokes..<br /> This record means business.  No fooling around.  Split into 15-20 minute medeleys that make you wonder why the Beatles didn't do it themselves (came close on &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; a record with almost no deadspace..)..  The music.. oh the music...<br /> It's so skillfully crafted; and done with care, at that!  It's amazing what Mr. T. Jones can do with his hands and some keys.  For that matter, it's amazing what Mr. Cropper can do while revisiting &quot;I Want You,&quot; or the guitar work heard in &quot;Because,&quot; which is radically different than the Beatles' version (hard to harmonize with no voices!!)<br /> All in all, it's MORE than just a tribute album, it's a very skillfully done proving disc, letting everyone know that, yes, it IS &quot;Abbey Road,&quot; and NO, it is NOT conventional!<br /> quack
B00004TH6O|5.0|This album has to be the coolest album of last year (2000).  The main strength of the album is how the band can just be so effortlessly cool without trying too hard, but then when they are responsible for some superb songs, who are we to argue?<br />This is a more diverse album than their self titled debut, as tracks like, the narcotics shopping list `feel good hit of the summer', `quick and to the pointless' and `tension head' have a greasy punky edge to them, and tracks like `the lost art of keeping a secret' and `monsters in the parasol' show the more commercial side to the band (although this band are way too cool for hit singles).  There's still a few nods to the band's past in the more doomy and moody material  like `auto pilot', `I think I lost my headache' and `better living through chemistry'.  To be honest nearly every song has classic status written all over them, and together they make this a truly essential rock album.
0679746048|1.0|The only reason I would give this book one star is to comend her on actually being able to get it published.  This book is the worst I have read in years.  To begin with it is badly written.  Secondly, I am astounded by the amount of positive reviews abiut this book.  It is neither deep or insightful - it angers me so much when authors suddenly become brilliant and immortalized if they write about mental problems and especially their own mental problems, theyare automatically good authors.  It is not true.  The same is going on at present with the play 'Blasted'.  I am not degrading her right to want to put her feelings into a book, but a book for OTHERS to read....It is simply politcal correctness gone mad.  These people who write the positive, even FIVE STAR reviews, would obviously not know a good book when they read one.  Try 'The Last Life', by Claire Messued if you want a good book, or 'Junk' by melvin Brugess if you want an insight into a teenagers strives.  And if you like mental illness books, dont waste your time with Girl, Interupted, you could read it in half an hour, and it would be better spent if you managed to read only a section of 'The Bell Jar' by Sylvia Plath - a real insight and well written NOVEL.
B00003CXE6|4.0|I agree that Gladiator should not have won best picture which should have gone to crouching tiger, however I COMPLETELY DISAGREE with these recent criticisms here that this movie was a waste of time.  Gladiator is easily one of the top films to come out in the last five years.  And although i also dont think Russell Crowe should have gotten best actor because Javier Bardem was amazing, Crowe's intensity still jumped off the screen. His performance was great.        How can some people say the one liners were corny?!  One liners are a necessity in these films and these were some of the best ive heard my favorite being &quot;WHAT WE DO IN LIFE......ECHOES AN ETERNITY&quot;. However I must admit that &quot;On my command...unleash hell&quot; was pretty corny.  All in all this is a film that like so many others, no one should pass up.        The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars was that i thought some of the fight scenes could have been filmed better and in some scenes the editing seemed laughable (DID ANYONE CATCH THE SCENE WHERE IT LOOKED LIKE THE BARBARIANS LOOKED LIKE THEY WERE SHAKING HANDS WITH THE ROMANS IN THE FIRST BATTLE?) It was just a split second but i rewound it and paused it. It was hilarous!<br />Stilll.....WATCH THIS MOVIE OR BE QUARTERED PATRES!!!!!!!
B00001SIES|5.0|This album is wonderful! I listen to it constantly and have never liked a group more. Every song is very good, and I just can't stop listening to it. If anyone has any doubts on whether or not to buy it....go for it. It was well worth it. My favorite album!
B00004VXF2|5.0|The final trick that the  previous reviewer was referring to is the 'locked groove' that concludes the  original vinyl release of this amazing album. The needle would just stay in this one groove until you lifted the phono arm off the vinyl. With the obvious limitations of cd, this locked groove is exactly replicated in sound and lasts longer than it would take to finally notice it on the original vinyl. This, combined with the marvelous sound quality of the remastering, makes  the cd easily superior to the vinyl version.
B000002JSV|4.0|I love some songs on this album, but for me Powerage always was only a breathtaking between the studio albums Let There Be Rock and Highway To Hell. Maybe the reason for this is the opener Rock N Roll Damnation, which I dislike and the finisher Kicked In The Teeth, which is good, but only an imitation of Whole Lotta Rosie from the previous album. My favourite song on Powerage is Cold Hearted Man, which was included on the european edition and which I am missing here. Sin City, Gimme a Bullet and Gone Shootin' are cool songs. The rest is excellent, too. Don't misunderstand me. This is a great album. But it's between two absolutely genius albums of the band.
B000002KBU|5.0|Every time I read a glowing, hyped-up review of some new female singer-songwriter (Nelly Furtado, Norah Jones and Vanessa Carlton immediately spring to mind) and then hear their work, I usually think, \\"why bother?\\" Joni Mitchell is the beginning and end of female singer-songwriters -- actually, she belongs up there with Dylan and the Beatles as far as artistry and far-ranging influence are concerned. Even artists I like and respect (Tori Amos, Aimee Mann, Jonatha Brooke, etc.) would be nowhere without Joni cutting that first, difficult path for them to follow. \\"Blue\\" is her first totally mature, uncompromised album; it is adult, spare, beautiful, saturated with desire, longing and regret. Her singing is amazing; the lyrics are astonishingly provocative and vivid. It paved the way for everything afterward, and no one yet has even come close to its greatness.
B000002JST|5.0|This Is my favourite AC-DC album. I like it even more than Highway To Hell. There is no weak track on this CD. On the original european edition the first song on side B was Crabsody in Blue. This weak song is replaced by the outstanding Problem Child from Dirty Deeds. But Let There Be Rock, Whole Lotta Rosie, Bad Boy Boogie and Dog Eat Dog are even better songs. AC-DC never was rawer, harder and better.
0345440757|5.0|I have read many books while pregnant (and very few while having an infant now!) and this book, by far, is one of the best ever!  It is the best common-sense approach to parenting I've seen and gave me more confidence in the decisions I have already made as a mother and confidence to make good decisions in the future.  As for her views on breastfeeding and co-sleeping, they are her opinion and in my view, they are not radical or wrong.  There are lots of moms out there who would disagree with me, but I believe both areas to be completely and solely one's personal decision not to be influenced by anyone.  I have breast-fed my baby as well as bottle-fed him and at times, he has shared my bed, but those are decisions *I* have made with my son in mind.  Tracy Hogg's common-sense approach (as opposed to the radical &quot;you must do it this way or else&quot; approach from other well-known authors, ranks high in my book. What her message is, above all others, are listen to your baby's whispers for your answers to parenting!
B000002JS8|5.0|This was the last album with Bon Scott and therefore the last REAL AC-DC album. The band recorded great songs like Hells Bells and For Those About To Rock in the following decades, but that are songs of a different AC/DC. Everybody knows Highway To Hell as a true classic rock song. But Touch Too Much and Walk All Over You are even better. The other tracks are awesome, too. Only Love Hungry Man is a little bit disappointing. The sound of Highway to Hell is different to the previous albums. For example it's not as raw as Let There Be Rock. For the Highway  To Hell album AC/DC changed the producer. Perhaps the most interesting step in the &quot;evolution&quot; of the band. But can there be an evolution after perfection? Maybe, but a replacement of Bon Scott proved to be impossible. RIP. If you're a real fan of AC/DC in that era, try Rose Tattoo before buying the newer tapes of the band.
B00003XB8K|1.0|MICHAEL CRETU'S SINGING IS EXCEEDINGLY HORRIBLE. HE SHOULD NOT HAVE SUNG.
B00004YKUY|1.0|Arrival should be renamed,Dead On Arrival.This new Journey album is truly a embarrassing,cynical attempt to make money on the &quot;Journey brand name&quot;.Neal Schon and Jonathon Cain have sold their long time loyal fans down the river of corporate nostalgia rock.Arrival sounds as if were created in a focus group at Columbia Records.Journey fans deserve better than market driven music,designed to appeal to the mentality of a 3 year old.             JOURNEY IS DEAD... LONG LIVE STEVE PERRY
B00003XB8K|1.0|MICHAEL CRETU'S SINGING WAS EXCEEDINGLY HORRIBLE. HE SHOULD HAVE NEVER SUNG.
B00000J7J4|2.0|When I first heard Supernatural, I thought it was the greatest Santana album ever.  Then, when I listened carefully, I discovered more and more things that I felt were lacking.  As a guitar player myself, I believe that Santana has no concept of the word subtlety.  All of his solo work and playing is overbearing and &quot;in-your-face.&quot;  There's nothing at all restrained or delicate.  He solos over vocals, he solos over other solos, he solos, he solos, he solos.  His solos repeat each other.  We hear the same \\"riffs\\" again and again.  I am fully aware that this is a Santana album, and that one should hear Santana on it, but too much is too much.  Also there is no true &quot;rocker&quot; on this recording.  There are louder faster numbers, but nothing that really kicks, and we all know Santana could kick.  Of course a rock album doesn't need a &quot;rocker&quot; to be good, but, Santana owes his success to rock and roll songs.  He has, in effect, abandoned his rock and roll roots, and he does have them.  There are bright moments, several of them, but that's all they are, moments.  I won't deny that I'm moved by &quot;Smooth&quot;, and that the vocals by the worthy guests are fabulous.  However, overall I find Supernatural deficient, and I wouldn't recommend this album.
B00003XB8K|1.0|MICHAEL CRETU'S SINGING WAS EXCEEDINGLY HORRIBLE. HE SHOULD HAVE NEVER SUNG.
B000000OF6|5.0|This compilation took my breath away. Words just fail me. QUEEN have got to be the godfathers of stadium rock and its all here in all its glory. Outstanding! Not least of course the greatest rock guitarist of all time BRIAN MAY. Thankfully he is on his way back in 2001 with a project called FELLINI DAYS with singer FISH formally from British band MARILLION. After hearing the CD called RAINGODS WITH ZIPPOS I can not wait!
B00003CXBK|4.0|Although this is a great film I must say this is NOT Hayao Miyazaki's masterpiece he made that 12 years ago with a film called &quot;GRAVE OF THE FIREFLIES&quot; which ROGER EBERT placed in his top 100 FILMS OF ALL TIME. It's moving beyond words, The film will show MIYAZAKI achieve perfection and show how far great cinema can soar. &quot;A LANDMARK FILM IN ANIMATION HANDS DOWN&quot;.
B000000OEI|5.0|I am a competetive fencer and I have to say that this music has really helped me. I listen to it before every tournament and it helps focus me. It is amazing how much this music can inspire you! I got the CD about four years ago and I haven't stopped listening to it. The way the main theme builds and builds until it reaches its climax is great! Roll Tide is by far my favorite track. If you like big dramatic and really awesome themes buy this CD.
B000056K04|4.0|Dave Matthews and Co. depart from their epic jam past and arrive at a point of chart-pop-song structure. It may be a distaste to fans at first, but it takes a listen or two to get the point. It is not standard Dave, it is a little different. The band has presented a Glen Ballard-produced album instead of a studio version of their live art. But the CD does deliver some nice moments. Matthews plays electric guitar on some of the tunes - although he leaves the one solo on the album to a very capable Carlos Santana, in Mother Father. The disc still has moments of reflection: If I Had It All, Sleep To Dream Her - Edgier Rock: I Did It, Dream of Our Fathers, So Right - and downright evangelicism: the final cut , Everyday. Devout fans of Boyd Tinsley and Leroi Moore may be disappointed by their sparse presence, while their contributions do enhance the tracks. Everyday debuted on Billboard at #1 (as did BTCS) due to DMB's massive loyal fan base. This album does not disappoint.
B00004T9UF|5.0|For the most part, a sweet, good-natured pop album that recalls a more innocent Age.
B00005AFVR|5.0|First of all this band is a Live band. A band, that I feel, comes across best when heard live and un-edited.I bet the Stones and the Who wished they sounded this good after almost 30 years of playing together. If anybody has a single doubt that Bruce is not a great guitar player should check this disc out just for the extended solos on &quot;Prove it all Night&quot;, &quot;Youngstown&quot; and &quot;Ramrod&quot;.Of course there are songs that all die-hard Springsteen fans wish were on here, like &quot;Dancing in the Dark&quot; , &quot;Hungry Heart&quot; and &quot;Spirit in the Night&quot;. &quot;now now that's a joke&quot;. But anyway!!,This album is a Rock 'n Roll album, full of heart,passion,honesty and the desire to give your fans something new and fresh. Both of the new songs, &quot;41 Shots&quot; and &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams&quot; are incredible. Showing that Bruce can still turn out great music with a good message. It's so nice to hear Steve back on the vocals pouring his heart out next to Bruce. The band is in great form and play more powerfull then 99% of the bands you hear today. &quot;Lost in the Flood&quot; was such a nice surprise to add to this collection. Always one of my favorites from the first album. I could go on forever but I will stop here to say if you want music to move you and not just make you part of the in-crowd buy this c.d and find out what true Rock N Roll is all about. For the reviewer that thought &quot;Mansion on the Hill&quot; sounded Hawiian, has never listend to Country music. Check out Emmylou Harris or Hank Williams.
B00000J2KT|5.0|Could be the best nam movie ever. The other two contenders are Apocalypse Now and Platoon. I cant decide which are the best of the three. THey are the Holy Trinity of Nam films. I have not seen the Deer Hunter yet so dont kill me. This movie amazes me. The first half boot camp sequence is soo reall. The drill sargeant in this movie is amazing, his opening speech to his troops is one of the best scenes in movie history. Vincent Donofrio stood out in this portion of the film. I dont see why people complain about the 2nd half. I thought i equalled the first. THe 2nd half details what Private Joker goes through in Nam. Matthew Modines performance was smart in this section. I loved the dialouges in the 2nd half, when the general explains that &quot;within every gook is an American trying to get out&quot; is classic. lots of other ironic and humourous dialouges. This movie succeeds in both halfs contrary to what many reviews say. Kubricks use of music like in all his movies is unmatched. U need to see this movie, and then buy it. It is a truly underatted classic.
0140135154|4.0|If in the anti-elitist atmosphere of the 1960s still anyone believed in the idea of the artist as a genius it was Andy Warhol who thoroughly disabused them: in his latest act of devotion and surrender to America's mass culture he develops a process that enables him to photographically transfer tabloid and advertisement pictures directly on to a silkscreen, allowing not only the infinite production of the original work but also the elimination of any apparent sign of the artist's involvement. To make his point clear he then rocks the art markets by declaring (and later retracting) that some of his work was actually executed by assistants. With some delay also art historians started to shift their attention from the retualized celebration of the artist towards the role of spectators and buyers in defining the status and value of art. It is this context in which &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; has been written.<br />The multitude of approaches to art suggested by the book's title is also reflected in its composition - if that is the word. Although consisting of numbered essays (both verbal as well as entirely pictorial) Berger explicitly advises the reader (the text begins in a whimsical and refreshing way already on the book's jacket) to go through them in whatever order he pleases, his principal aim merely being &quot;to raise questions&quot;. This rather capricious approach somewhat obscures the unifying - and certainly unsettling - theme of the work: instead of examining what art does to us it asks about what we - as spectators, critics, patrons, owners and buyers - are doing to art. It is about the ways in which art serves to legitimize, sustain and conceal social inequality. The central aspects are: class, gender and consumerism.<br />To set the stage for his study, that tellingly is confined to representational art, Berger first dismisses the traditional approach of art history as mystification. Concepts of aesthetics - and in particular those of composition - he argues, have inserted themselves between spectators and paintings to obscure and obstruct any immediate perception of the social content of pictures. In this way, terms as, for example, &quot;spatial division&quot;, &quot;rhythmical arrangement&quot; and &quot;colour contrast&quot; are introduced in an attempt to account for the intensity and emotional charge of a picture whereas any disinterested inspection would reveal these rather to lie in the social discrepancies between the people depicted, or between their world and that of the spectator.<br />Once the film of scholarly mystification is removed, clarity, precision, solidity, lustre and verisimilitude reveal the main characteristic of European oil painting: the representation of material wealth. Following the ideas of Levi-Strauss, Berger explains the development of this particular art technique and art form and its phenomenal rise in the 15th century by the need of an emerging class of mercantile capitalists, and later the landed gentry, to confirm their sense of ownership and the importance of riches.<br />Set within a conceptual framework that charts the trajectory of European oil painting as the attempt to perfect the illusion of tangibility it is no surprise that &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; gives particular attention to the depiction of women. Although the eventual observation - that it was primarily arranged to appeal to the spectator's/commissioner's sexuality - must have seemed commonplace even at the time of writing Berger, in the process of his examination, introduces some interesting ideas on the difference between &quot;nakedness&quot; (to be without disguise, to be oneself) and &quot;nudity&quot; (to be put on display in a conventualized way, to be an object) in European art.<br />Far less contentious than in the case of oil painting &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; identifies the idea of ownership also as central to the understanding of modern advertisement. There, buying is presented as the transformationof one's self into a better, a &quot;richer&quot; way of living. By buying the proposed product we become the cheer- and successful people depicted and the envy of others. In this respect advertisement dwells on and stimulates the discontent with the present to hold out the future. Of course (and here &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; picks up on its political theme), this hope only addresses the personal life of the individual and thereby diverts attention from the need for social change.<br />With the inclusion of modern advertisement &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; - which after all is a very thin book - deals with five hundred years of art: its styles, techniques, genres, subjects and artists. This gives any expert sufficient room to find exceptions, omissions, contradictions and opposites and shred the book into pieces. However, &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; is not written for the professional pinpointer but for the (literally speaking) wide-eyed. In a field in which increasingly more specialized books (on books on pictures) abound this is the ever noteworthy appeal to come back to our senses.of one's self into a better, a &quot;richer&quot; way of living. By buying the proposed product we become the cheer- and successful people depicted and the envy of others. In this respect advertisement dwells on and stimulates the discontent with the present to hold out the future. Of course (and here &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; picks up on its political theme), this hope only addresses the personal life of the individual and thereby diverts attention from the need for social change.<br />With the inclusion of modern advertisement &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; - which after all is a very thin book - deals with five hundred years of art: its styles, techniques, genres, subjects and artists. This gives any expert sufficient room to find exceptions, omissions, contradictions and opposites and shred the book into pieces. However, &quot;Ways of Seeing&quot; is not written for the professional pinpointer but for the (literally speaking) wide-eyed. In a field in which increasingly more specialized books (on books on pictures) abound this is the ever noteworthy appeal to come back to our senses.
B000055X3U|5.0|Ah. . . . the tender curse of Anathema. Blessed are those that can inspire such beauty in turmoil.  The motivation for this cd was pain, pure and simple.  Anathema has been compared to Pink Floyd, and granted, some introspective passages are comparable, slightly, but they totally surpass PF and there really can't be any comparison.  They are, by far, much more palatable.   My advice is to purchase every album these dudes put out.  They extremely original, comparable to Opeth, Katatonia, Novembere, Saturnus,  older Celestial Season, in that realm of DEEP emotion, context, and SOUND.  The music is refined and melancholy.  Every element fits together perfectly.   If you're wondering, this doesn't sound anything like over-synthesized, goth stuff!
B00004YKUY|5.0|As a long time Journey fan, I found Arrival to be much different than what I expected.  The thunder is back and so is the blues- but a blues with a New York flavor- hardly suprising as Steve Augeri is from New York.  Arrival has both the refinement- a quality so very lacking in most &quot;new music&quot; and the awesome thunder- that made Journey so appealing in the first place.<br />I think this should be regarded as a third evolution of the band- the first being the addition of Steve Perry in 1978, the second when Jonathan Cain replaced Gregg Rolie in 1981- and now the replacement of Steve Perry (though I love his voice, his songwriting had gone rather toward the trite and lame) with Steve Augeri- a gifted singer in his own right- that gives the band what I see as a better balance, an opportunity for the other members of the band- all extraordinarily talented- to shine.<br />Arrival has enough of the &quot;old&quot; Journey to feel comfortable but enough of the &quot;new&quot; to be intriguing and fresh.  I love it- and though I still miss Steve Perry and will always admire his voice- with Journey and on his own, the addition of Steve Augeri was the right thing for Journey to do to maintain the balance- and the thunder- that is rightfully theirs.
B000059R8Y|4.0|For those expecting the rock of &quot;Layla&quot;, the variety of &quot;Pilgrim&quot; or the funkiness of &quot;461 Ocean Boulevard&quot;, you  might be disappointed, but &quot;Reptile&quot; is a masterpiece.  All fourteen songs are what you might expect from a personal concert in a small cafe from Eric Clapton.  Rythym and Blues are the mainstay here and it shows with classic covers of Ray Charles', &quot;Come Back Baby&quot;, James Taylors' &quot;Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight&quot; and Stevie Wonders', &quot;I Ain't Gonna Stand For It&quot;.  This collection stands out for consistency and pure love of 'feel good' club music.  Granted, Clapton does push more energy on &quot;Superman Inside&quot;, almost 'out-blues' himself on &quot;Got You On My Mind&quot; and pulls at your heartstrings with the lovely instrumental, &quot;Son &amp; Sylvia&quot;.  Each of Clapton's albums vary from time to time and usually for the better.  This is a 'low key evening by the fire' collection. It's just one of the things Clapton does the best.
B00001NFCY|3.0|this is so unorginal it is insane and it seems like they are just trying to sound like what everybody wants them too instead of making music that is orginal that does not care what the heck everyone else thinks. I think Kurt was talking about their type of people in the song &quot;in bloom.&quot;  What the heck are they claiming to be anyways? are they christian or not? What kind of artist won't be clear in what they believe! that is what music is about.  Yo Creed get some balls.
B000002JR8|5.0|The first half of this CD rules! &quot;Slaughtered&quot; and &quot;Use My Third Arm&quot; are awesome tracks on the second half. I don't exactly care for a few of the other second half tracks, but they aren't that terrible either. Buy this CD. You'll like what you hear. One of the heaviest, sickest, funniest, interesting, influential metal CDs ever.
B000002UWW|3.0|Yeah, the Red Hot Chili Peppers are good. Don't get me wrong about that. But this album was made too early and didn't make much. It's still a good album,don't get me wrong, but, sadly,they're just too funky. Way too much. It's like taking Korn  and turning them classical or taking Eminem and making him folk. It just dosen't work. The Red Hot Chili Peppers have a great non-stop metal album in them, but this, unfortuneutly, is not that album.
0345404475|5.0|I would just like to apologize for that title there, that was pretty much lame...<br /> But good news!The book isn't! It is the best thing that I have read in a while considering that I am a college student and read a lot of things that suck. Bladerunner, the movie, was pretty good, but this is even better. The book starts out pretty cynically, but I was quite moved by the quest for life portrayed in it and a sort of ultimate new hope. So, buy the book, be moved and entertained- I coudn't put the thing down for two days.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Rammstein is back, and with a bang! Their newest CD, Mutter, easily lives up to, and in fact probably surpasses, Sehnsucht and Herzeleid. This album has the same heart-pounding, brutal tempos, the same growling, eerie voice, and the same brilliant techno arrangements, but it has the added benefit of a wider range, lyrically, vocally, and musically. If you like either of Rammstein's other albums, this one is a MUST! Even for those of you who don't understand German, and I'm not exactly fluent myself, I'm sure you'll enjoy the music. But, as previous reviewers have said, having at least SOME comprehension of what they're saying will add to your enjoyment. I believe Rammstein puts English translations to their lyrics up on their website at rammstein.com.
B00000DFSK|5.0|This CD is the first time I have really heard U2. Sure I heard ''Hold me,thrill me,kiss me,kill me'' at the end of Batman Forever and thought it was good but then with the release of this great Cd I realised how far U2 went back. The Cd has got most of U2's greatest hits(With or Without you,Where the streets have no name,New Years Day) and is a great Cd to listen to anytime. If you have not got this BUY IT! I gurantee within a few listens you will love it,cause it's fantastic.(I also strongly recommend POP if you prefer a more rock and pop music taste)
0441172717|5.0|I'm sitting here with this huge selection I've assembled in my TBR (To Be Read Pile) of sci-fi and fantasy books written within the last few years.  I start one and put it down and then another with the same result. I've been doing this for days.  The problem is that my early reads in this genre were so good that it's hard for anything else to fill their enormous footsteps.  At the head of the class is \\"Dune,\\" a very intricate novel involving the casting out of young Duke Paul and his eventual return to claim what is his.  It is a political struggle, a religious struggle, and most of all an interfamilial struggle. I couldn't help thinking of Shakespeare writing sci-fi fiction as the drama unfolded!  This is an epic saga of towering imagination that will hold you enthralled.  Deservedly, it won all the major sci-fi awards.  It was made into a terrible movie and I hope someone remakes it eventually so that there is a worthy film version to the book.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B000003CMB|5.0|I got this album strictly out of curiosity. I was always *afraid* of The Allman Brothers Band because I thought of them as some ordinary Southern rock band (WRONG WRONG WRONG!!!). But after seeing this album rank in the VH1 \\"100 Greatest Rock and Roll Albums\\" list, and hearing what was said about it, I figured I'd at least like it. <br />Talk about exceeding expectations! And having a life-altering experience! Let's just say that my dreams of being a guitar god or being part of a extraordinary team of players is pretty much out the window. These guys put those to rest. Their gifts are pure, natural, and out of this world. But I thank them for giving me this. <br />I can't say anything more than what's been said. It's absolutely brilliant, breathtaking, and entrancing for its full 1 hour, 18 minutes, and 36 seconds. It is the most amazing blend of rock, blues, and jazz I've ever heard. The musicianship here is probably unparalleled in the history of rock music. And these guys played with the improvisational genius and intensity of our greatest of jazzmen. IT'S THAT GOOD.<br />When kids today talk about \\"trance\\" music, they talk about dance music. I tell them that this kind of stuff is my trance music. I just put this gem on and I'm out of this world for 1 hour, 18 minutes, and 36 seconds. <br />You cannot have a rock collection and be without this. You just cannot. It would be like having a jazz collection without any Miles Davis.
B00000JCOV|5.0|When I first heard this cd I pretty much hated it.At first listen one might think this album is nothing more then Corey Taylor screaming and guitar riffs that pound away and leave you seenseless.But if you listen more you'll see it is so much more then that.From beginning to end this album is spetacular.Corey Taylor is an amazing vocalist going from a scream to a sweet singing voice in seconds.The drummers are awesome (not to mention there are three of them)and the guitarists have some really interesting riffs.Although the first song is nothing more than a pointless intro,the rest are amazing filled with tons of energy and in depth lyrics.If you're smart enough to see through the first impression of slipknot you'll love them!As the cover shows,these guys are different, and they have a sound that's all there own.You'll like them if you like Korn,Deftones,coalchamber,etc.
0783226063|5.0|A lot of fans of the book have derided the original Dune movie - for example, the addition of the &quot;weirding modules&quot; was totally out of line with the original novel.  However, in retrospect, Lynch did a masterful job.  The universe of Dune looks precisely as it should - the tough, hard, sandblasted Fremen - the noble Atreides, the grim industrial nightmare of Giedi Prime.  The holes in the movie and its plotline are easily ignored when it is remembered how close to the mark the movie comes to being an accurate representation of how the Dune universe should appear.<br />The cast is brilliant - all the way from Francesca Annis, who presents herself with a royal, yet vulnerable air.  Sian Phillips as the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohaim is perfect.  Kyle MacLachlan is splendid as Paul Muad'dib, and Jurgen Prochnow is perfect as Duke Leto.  Special mention must go to Max von Sydow as Liet Kynes. <br />It is the standard by which all other attempts at Dune (pay attention John Harrison) will be judged.  So far, it has withstood the test of time.
0679746048|4.0|This was a fabulous book! It was witty but serious and extremely well written. I could see every moment in my mind (and I didn't even see the movie!). The characters are amazing, it's hard to believe that they were real people. But it's still encredebly real. The only problems were that it skipped around in time a little bit and that it makes you wonder if you're also crazy. Other than these minor setbacks I recomend this book to anyone that is not easily disturbed.
B000001EAQ|4.0|As you know if a band does not change there music they become extinct quite quickly and there music becomes very boring. But U2 changed at the right time. They needed to go with what other music styles were being played at the time and they did with POP. I personally think that this album is good but alot of there older tracks(With or without you,New Years Day,Desire)are better.But only just. Alot of criticism has gone against this album but I don't agree with it at all. Some songs are excellent(Mofo,Discoteque,Do you feel loved). I think anyone into R &amp; P should have a listen. You'll either love it or hate it.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Writer-director Cameron Crowe makes a movie every bit as good as his \\"Say Anything\\" and \\"Jerry McGuire.\\" He is equally good at handling teenagers and adults in his work without making them look like caricatures.  This is based upon his own life when he went on the road at age 15 to first write about rock and roll music for \\"Rolling Stone.\\"  He toured with a band and came to know a very different world from his very sheltered home life.  His mother, a college professor played by Frances McDormand, could be called overprotective, both in the movie and in real life, but certainly her results in child rearing indicate she was a great success at it.<br /><br />Billy Crudup does a star turn as the lead rock n'roller that the boy comes to know.  You are attracted to him while also seeing his self absorbed behavior.  Kate Hudson plays the girl groupie who tours with the band and is used by them, especially by Crudup's character.  Hudson shows a lot of acting promise and she has none of the irritating mannerisms of her mother (Goldie Hawn).  Patrick, who plays the young Crowe, does a wonderful job throughout too.  I am not a big rock n' roll fan but you don't really need to be to enjoy this movie.  Crowe understands people and he renders them as perfectly as the rock music scene, which makes this a movie everyone can enjoy.  Crowe deservedly won the Oscar for his writing.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
014100018X|4.0|I loved the movie &quot;Chocolat&quot; and am always interested to see how moviemakers translate books into movies. On its own, the book was wonderful.  It has a sweet simplicity that is refreshing.  It had some heavier themes like tolerance, denial of sin, religion,etc that Harris explored through her characters.  The cast of characters are a likable bunch and Harris shows all of their human-ness, including the priest, who some might view as the villian. I took away one star for some slow moving passages, but all in all, a great read.
B00003CX8J|4.0|X-Men is not a film that is going to last forever in the annals of film history, but it is a fun movie, enjoyable, fast moving, pretty good plot and excellent action sequences.  The story is not particularly cerebral, but it doesn't have to be - good, solid entertainment with mutants beating each other over the head.  <br />Enjoyable stuff.
B000056JYB|3.0|The only problem with this album was that it doesn't offer the listener the option to make a choice--a song album or a jam album. They should have put out one primary album with the new short tracks added in the fashion of a lot of re-released older albums (but with either version of &quot;Sleeping In the Ground&quot;--not both), then issued another one at a discount with just the five jams (they could have fit all five on a 74-minute disc very nicely) for people who wanted to add that material to their library. Maybe just call it &quot;Five Jams). The resulting total price of the two could be the same as the price for this set, but it would have let people who are bored by riffing off the hook--both Clapton and Winwood have developed followings in their respective solo careers who can't stand 12-minute numbers which are almost entirely instrumental. Who weren't around for the &quot;Spoonful&quot; Clapton or the Winwood who helped Hendrix with &quot;Voodoo Chile&quot; the way I was.
B000059XVS|5.0|David Lean, we all know him from&quot;The Bridge on the River Kwai&quot;. But Lawrence of Arabia is his best movie. Lawrence played by Peter O'Toole is a British Officer who serves in Arabia. The Britsh are in war with the Turks. The Arbians are helping them, Lawrence gathers all the Arabian Tribes together to fight the Turks and he wants the independance of Arabia. What follows is a 4 hour during view on the life of this man. You shall lover the dessert and you will love the wonderful music of Maurice Jarr. The movie has a stars-cast with Omar Sharif, Alec Guiness, Anthony Quinn. What's very strange on the movie is, that there are no women in speaking roles.
B00000AFWW|5.0|I bought this album on a whim and it is now my favorite. My friends find this suprising because I a rabid Doors fan. But this is simply the most beautiful music I have ever heard. The review below says it all so I can't say much more. I love to hear people dis Courtney Love because she can see right into people and they hate that! It's funny. Anyway, I am a HUGE music fan and I've heard pretty much every kind of music and almost every mentionable artist and this is my personal favorite.
B0000524E5|1.0|A small town girl who comes to the city to become a star is a premise as old as the cinema.  Coyote Ugly is just repeating this, with a particularly annoying character who suffers from one of the most demented looking cases of stage fright I've ever seen. <br />Jerry Bruckheimer usually does good films, but this is a case in which I would love to ask him what he was thinking.  The only attraction to this film is a bunch of girls dancing on top of the bar, and the singing of LeAnn Rimes.  He could easily have just made a few music videos and dispensed with the vehicle for presenting them.  It would have done us all a favour.
B0000025DR|5.0|FACE THE MUSIC is one of several near perfect albums by ELO.EVIL WOMEN and STRANGE MAGIC were smash hits.It has always been a mystery to me why NIGHTRIDER wasnt a huge hit as well.FIRE ON HIGH may be the best rock instrumental of all time,with great guitar and violin work.ONE SUMMER DREAM and WATERFALL are simply the most beautiful songs ELO has ever made.Every song off FACE THE MUSIC is a keeper.
B00002DEQQ|5.0|I am a huge Tom Jones fan anyway and when I heard Little Green Bag I just had to get this album. Every song is a treat of Jones's lounge style mixed with the pop counterparts. The more impressive songs that stand out to me are Sunny Afternoon with Space, Never Tear Us Apart with Natalie Imbruglia, Baby It's Cold Outside with Cerys from Catatonia and of course Little Green Bag with Barenaked Ladies. Definately an album to get for mood music, party music or just be happy music!
1568497369|5.0|Agatha Christie's And Then There Were None is the story of ten strangers who are invited to Indian Island by the mysterious U.N. Owen. The mystery starts once the guests arrive and find that Mr.Owen himself is nowhere to be found. Although I usually don't read mysteries (I read this one for school.) I really enjoyed this book. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes murder mysteries that leave the blood and gore out and focus mostly on the plot. The characters (all ten of them) were so realistic I couldn't help but hope that certain characters would be U.N. Owen's next victims. The only thing that I didn't like about this book is the fact I had already been able to guess who U.N. Owen was by the end of the book. I would recommend this book to anyone even if you have already seen the movie. ( The plot varies a little between the book and movie.)
B00004LN16|1.0|Back In Black and Highway to Hell have got to be two of the best rock albums ever--catchy riffs by Angus, and vocal-chord-shredding vocals by Bon/Brian.  Now though, Angus is playing the same ol' riffs repackaged, Brian (for those of you who don't keep up on current events, BON IS DEAD!) probably DID shred his vocal chords on earlier stuff, and even though i have no problem with the songwriting on the album, the musicians are not anywhere near good enough for me to spin this album more than once.  i was especially looking foreword to this after hearing how great Bon Jovi and Aerosmith's new albums (Crush and Just Push Play, respectively) were, but AC/DC--one of the greatest hard rock bands of all time--ain't what they used to be.<br />Okay, that was my good side talking.  Here's my nasty side.  This album sucks.  Brian's voice, which used to be one of the best on the planet, sound like an old lady, a choking cat, yoda, and maybe a little of his old signature sound under all that.  Angus has run out of cool little riffs (Back In Black, Highway to Hell, etc.).  Also, he and Malcom ain't so young.  The musicianship is not bad, but to quote Aerosmith, &quot;It's just the same old song and dance my friend.&quot;  These guys don't sound like AC/DC.  They sound like posers.
0553106635|5.0|In this the third volume to the Ice and Fire series,everything that you assumed to be true gets the rug pulled out from underneath it.Heroes are shown to be craven,crazed women are far from it,peasants are nobles and magic is their life blood.  From across the sea,the last of a royal line begins to understand the price of leadership and in the midst of the enemy builds a mighty army.  Martin leaves no stone unturned and it is the patient reader who will get the pay off in this stunning series.  Alliances change like the wind here and you have to look very closely at what is said and then see what is done by the major AND minor characters of this saga.  Imagine if you will sitting down to a game of strategy like chess and becoming so involved with your opponent's technique(admiring their skill,finesse...the sheer beauty of a move)that when you are taken,captured and beaten within an inch of your life in the game...you yell bravo and ask for more! Buy this book...buy all of them and marvel at the subtle way you are made to truly READ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0671027344|5.0|The Perks of Being a Wallflower was the best book i ever read. I could relate to Charlie like as if I wrote my autobiography in that book. If you want to read something worth reading then read this.
0684867621|3.0|I am not an avid Stephen King reader, so I am not very familiar with his writing style.  But, I am however extremely familiar with his movies and I would have to say that if this were made into a movie, it would be pretty juvenile.  Most adults wouldn't sit through a two hour or hour and a half film about a child lost in the woods.  But, that doesn't mean no one would.  This novel/ short story was a nice read.  It was slightly suspenseful in a mediocre sort of way.  The ending was kind of happy if you like that sort of thing. But, I did thoroughly enjoy all of the characters.  Especially Trisha's friend Pepsi (one of those people who like to call people by their last names) and little Trisha's father who calls God the &quot;Subaudible&quot;, he was the true definition of a character.  All in all, it was a fairly good read, just not your typical Stephen King.
B000001FXR|5.0|Let's just say if I was stranded on a desert island I would want to bring Catch a Fire (and my Discman).
B00003CXE6|4.0|This is an action file. Russell Crowe is excellent as Maximus, but the film has an overly weedy villain who lets the film down. I have no doubt that most people will enjoy this and for good reason: Fantastic battle set-pieces, Exciting, it doesn't really seem three hours long, stunning backdrops and realistic locations, Great performance by Crowe, probably deserving the Best Actor he received, So enjoy but don't expect much more than a fantastic three hours fun with little to think about.
B000002J09|1.0|&quot;The Greatest Album Of All Time&quot;?? Huh??? When The Levee breaks is the only decent song on this album and it's not even their song! Black Dogs riff sounds like a collection of random notes compiled by a compuer program. Battle Of Evermore is unbeleivably irritating and the vocals are frequently discordant.(A fault with many of the songs here) Misty Mountain Hop has a &quot;riff&quot; which sounds like something my five year old could have thought up given a minutes thought. Four Sticks is an awkward mess featuring Page at his sloppiest.I was sceptical of the negative reviews of this album but after listening to this garbage I have to agree with them . Save your money people, this album stinks.
B0000009RT|5.0|heck of an album; cheesy songs like wowie zowie ; 'not' love songs, showing how frank despised the form-check out 'i ain't got no heart'. He sticks in his views on the state of america-'hungry freaks', 'trouble every day', these are very perceptive. The playing is neat, it's far from the advanced playing of later years but still packs a punch. Frank has a great solo on the hungry freaks daddy. 'You're probably wondering why i'm here' is an attack on the audience itself. There is a huge amount of weirdness on the album. 'brain police' is a weird drony song with intelligent lyrics. help i'm a rock is a simple vamp type repetitive thing, it has funny vocal performances. it can't happen here is a comment on the freak scene. the return of the son of monster magnet is a 12 minute freak out, drony beat with freaks making funny noises, also musique concrete thrown in. Amazing thing. This set the scene for the greatest artist in rock in roll who would continually amaze the world with his music, the genius frank zappa. I recommend this album a lot, you should get this also absolutely free, the second album. Meeoww.
B0000025F7|4.0|This album opens with a run of five songs as good as anything you care to call Great: sleek and taut disco tracks so pared back that any addition - shards of trumpet, an unexpected backing vocal - stands out stark and strange.  Jacko is at his most playful here, his voice moving with ease from unearthly falsetto to a more amused tone; the tantalising, delayed-start opening, whispers followed by the swirling disco strings of 'Don't Stop 'Til you get enough' set the tone for this fantastic pop.<br />Schizophrenically, the album suddenly changes into slower, ballady mode.  'Girlfriend', 'I Can't Help it' and 'It's like falling in love' pass muster by virtue of cheeky lyrics, evocative choruses and imaginative instrumentation, but 'She's out of my life' is indefensible mallmuzakmush.  The album is redeemed by the Stevie Wonder-like excitement of 'Burn this disco out', but it's a shame 80s pop took its cue from this second half, and not the first.
0060922583|2.0|It started out really promising. An inventive new model of the physical universe based on the ideas of two of worlds leading scientists, that could help better explain the architecture of reality itself and the existence of parellel universes by relating it to the principal of how a hologram works. Pretty neat! I definately recomend reading the first two chapters at least. From here it gets really (I thought) weird. He seems to find a way to relate the holographic model to everything under the sun, from the placebo effect, the afterlife, Hinduism, yogis and eastern phliosophy (which he seems to relate all but the first two chapters too), and even miricals and UFO's. Most of what we don't understand about reality such as visions (ie of Christ, Saints, ect.) and ghost sitings (ie the paranormal) is usually chalked up as the result of the manifestation of a person's subconsious, projected outside their body, and probobly not real, (according to Talbot.) But things and visions revealed under hypnosis or meditation (yes, meditative visions are often presented in this book) have very deep validity and meaning. I found this to be a bit biased. However, if you're into this kind of thing, this is the book for you.
1558908358|4.0|Tron was an exciting movie and a landmark in visual entertainment. The world created is absolutley stunning, with an art-deco, silent-film look mixed with early CGI. Carlos' complimentary soundtrack is innovative and breathtaking as well.<br />I must detract with the reviewers that consider the graphics in this movie now &quot;quaint&quot; and not up to today's technological standards. Comparing this movies' CGI surroundings with those of today, is like comparing apples and oranges. The approaches are totally different, and I would venture to say, more admirable in Tron's case. Much too often todays' CGI effects try much too hard to &quot;recreate&quot; reality, rather than create whole new worlds and visuals that have never seen before. Far too many movies these days try to do just that- recreate real beings and objects with CGI- with often mixed results (remember that horrible Jabba in Star Wars SE?)<br />Tron succeeded in doing the opposite, and giving the viewers an entirely new experience never before realized, which is what ANY fantasy should strive to do. The Matrix has used that approach, and movies are now starting to take notice of this.<br />This is the creative legacy that TRON started, and it is a lesson that all digital artists should heed.
B000001DYY|5.0|I remember when &quot;Break it Down Again&quot; first hit the radio. Wow! Every time it was on I cranked up the volume. It really made a big impression on me. Then I went to see the new TFF in concert, and that did it; instant megafan. This CD is an excellent listen, and one which deserves many repeats. My particular favorites are the title track, &quot;Cold&quot;, &quot;Goodnight Song&quot;, and &quot;Power&quot;. This definitely proved that Roland was the real talent behind TFF all along. With or without Curt, he's a bonafide musical genius.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Traffic is the best film of 2000 and is one of the best ever made. Soderbergh is a genius director, jumping seemlessly to the disparate storylines. Cinematography was awesome as were the fitlers and stocks used for the various scenes. Douglas was snubbed an Oscar.
0684852756|5.0|How, what, where, how, how could anyone write something so great! Every second sentence is a bull's-eye-shattering exactitude, every second paragraph unzips the heart, every second page leaves you gasping with disbelief. This mini-novel needs to be read, re-read, outlined, underlined, learnt and then quoted...over and over and over. <br />This has got to be the second most under-rated book after Rohinton Mistry's 'A Fine Balance.' Read it.
0805062971|5.0|After seeing the movie based on the book, I didn't wait more than an hour to grab the book.  A quick 208 page read, where everything the movie couldn't explain in detail is revealed.  Once finishing, I sat down and sighed thinking &quot;This is one damn good book.&quot;  Ever since, I've been a cult follower of Palahnuik.<br />Fight Club is a blazingly fast novel focusing on a depressed man just sick with his life and wants to change it, somehow.  While on this &quot;spiritual&quot; journey he meets Tyler Durden, a guy who ends up being everything the narrator wanted to be.  From there, the narrator explains his rollercoaster ride of a life in great detail and examines exactly what life meant to him.  <br />All in all, Fight Club is a masterpiece, despite anything other people say.  It is well-written, engaging, and thought-provoking to say the least. <br />The book compared to the movie?  The book is certainly better, especially the ending.  The last five pages make much more sense than the movie's ending.  Additionally, Palahnuik proves his own secular answer of &quot;Where is God in all this mess?&quot; with this last chapter.  <br />Fight Club's characters are some of the most intriguing people I have read about.  The narrator, Marla, and Tyler all have their personality quirks that draws in readers in a couple words.  Philosophies toward consumerism, materialism, and life are not as prevalent as one might think.  But its always a good thing to read a book twice to get much more out of it.
6305627401|5.0|WHAT IS ALL THIS B**l S**T I HEAR ABOUT IT BEING THE ANTICHRIST OF CARTOONS. OBIVOUSLY YOU HAVE NOT SEEN ALOT OF ADULT THEMED ANIMATED SHOW. THIS MOVIE IS FUNNY, IT'S OFF THE HOOK. JUST ABOUT EVERYONE IN MY SCHOOL WHO HAVE SEEN THE MOVIE LOVED IT AND OWN THE DVD OR VHS. SO DON'T LISTEN TO THESE PEOPLE WITH NEGATIVE THOUGHTS!
0800132343|5.0|My orignal viewing of das Boot was in a high school German class.  I then had the opportunity to see it on the big screen during it's rerelease.  I feel that this is one of the finest war films ever made depicting the enemy as the victims.  I definitely recommend it!
B00005A1PR|5.0|After hearing the single &quot;Video&quot; in late February and doing a little bit of web reasearch to figure out who had released such a positive and enjoyable piece of music, I pre-ordered this item from Amazon.com on March 5th.  The 22 days until the release date of 3/27/01 were the longest days in my recent memory!  When the box arrived at my office just before 10am on 3/28, I popped the cd into the cd-rom drive and got more inspired work done that day in many months past.<br />In my humble opinion, this is the type of music that feeds the spirit and provides something to share with everyone.  Young girls should be encouraged to listen to the message in &quot;Video&quot; and build their self love.  Young women who have given up on attracting a good relationship should find hope in &quot;Ready for Love.&quot;  I can't even say what I want to about what &quot;Brown Skin&quot; can do for folks!   The genuis that is Stevie Wonder is documented and celebrated in &quot;Wonderful.&quot;  Who knew one could weave all of those Stevie Song titles and lyrics into one single song exemplifying such positivity and lyricism!  It inspired me to go back and break out &quot;Original Musiquarium&quot; just for old times sake.<br />If you are looking for something to LISTEN to, not just have as background sound, as you drive your car, study, clean house etc. then I really think you will enjoy India.Arie. ...Peace &amp; blessings fellow music aficionados.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I think this CD is WONDERFUL!!! India Arie's voice is so smooth and pure you can't help but to feel her soul!  I definitely feel the spirituality beneath the tracks.  I would highly recommend this album to anyone who simply loves music.  I personally have worn out tracks 2,3, and 8 and I only got the CD Sunday!  BRAVO INDIA!!!!
6302378648|3.0|Cape Fear is alright, but is dissapointing for a De Niro film. I didn't like the way we know who the killer is throughout the movie but it gives you an interesting aspect towards how things could really turn out. The final scenes at Cape Fear are awesome though, and it was about time SOMETHING exciting happened, it was pretty slow before these scenes.
B00005AFVR|4.0|I love this CD! Damn Bruce just gets better with age...Get this one folks.
B00005AFVR|4.0|This is a great collection of Bruce songs from the recent concert.  If you are a new fan, this would be an essential addition to your Bruce collection.  I certainly would have preferred 2 or more discs full of material such as E St. Shuffle, Incident on 57th St., etc.  However, the versions of American Skin, Land of Hope and Dreams, and Lost in the Flood are superb.  I enjoyed the rendition of Tenth Avenue Freeze Out, but the band intros lose something at home; I may reburn the disc with the Capital Theatre '78 version instead.  Hopefully, Bruce will follow the example set by Pearl Jam and release whole concert CD's from the last tour for his diehard fans.
B00004YKUY|5.0|&quot;HOW can it be? A new lead singer for Journey?&quot; I asked myself when I head the news. Never could there be a voice like Steve Perry's! That's what I though until I heard &quot;Remember Me&quot; from the Armageddon soundtrack. Now a few year of waiting have paid off. Arrival has finally been released...and I can say it was worth the wait! Steve Augeri is not Steve Perry by any means, however he is the next best thing. Not like the &quot;new lead singers&quot; for other bands (remember Johnny Edwards who sang for Foreigner?) Mr. Augeri can belt the tunes out in the Journey style and this CD is as good as it gets. A little better than Trial By Fire and Raised On Radio, Arrival is a winner! Hopefully soon we will hear new solo Steve Perry and have the best of both worlds...Long Rock Journey!
B000009QOC|5.0|If you haven't heard Danzig 2, then you are missing out on Glenn Danzig's best album!!! Of coarse all of his are GREAT, but there is just something about &quot;Blood and Tears&quot; that make my toes curl everytime I hear it! It's a must have in any Danzig fans collection!!
B00000ILBK|1.0|I love the Star Trek franchise just as much as I do Star Wars, but after viewing this movie it's obvious my priorities were not in order.  The stroy is very weak and I have to agree with others that this is merely a TV episode.  I don't know how/why Rick Berman let this story get green lighted.  Save your money.
630587493X|2.0|If a master chef throws the freshest eggs, the finest flour, the purest sugar, and the richest milk into a bowl, but does not mix them before putting them in the oven, he will not have a cake when he is done, he will have a mess.  So it is with this movie.<br />I was quite excited when I heard that a movie was being made of &quot;The Positronic Man&quot; by Issac Asimov, under it's earlier title of &quot;The Bicentennial Man&quot;.  I am an Asimov fan, and that is maybe why I did not like this movie.<br />Then I heard that Robin Williams was the star, and I started to worry.  I admire some of his work, and am bored by some other parts of his work, but I did not think that he would be right for the role.  Great talent used in the wrong way, just as Tiger Woods will never be a quarterback for the Steelers.<br />So it was with mixed emotions that I watched.  I was hoping for the best, but prepared for the worst.<br />Perhaps I should not have read the book, because then I would not have been so disappointed by the result.  It seemed to me like a desecration of a great work.  Gone was the sentimentalism, replaced by humor of Robin William's style, a style that was not suited to the role.  I knew Andrew Martin, I read Asimov's version of Andrew Martin, and sir, you are no Andrew Martin.<br />So now we have a DVD whose contents are similar to the unmixed cake that is now congealing in the oven.
014028902X|5.0|I got hooked on Gerald Durrell because he is a hilarious story teller. This book is by far my favorite. The tale of his childhood is beautifully decriptive and tear-inducingly funny. Sometimes I can't beleive these people survived without killing one another! A patient mother puts up with her very different children: a surly writer, a gun-toting maniac, a whiny and vain girl, and of course, the nature obsessed Gerald. I envy their adventures and mishaps, I wish my childhood was so funny!
6305358567|4.0|This movie covers the 8 years (1554-1562) during which Elizabeth I emerges from under a cloud (being imprisoned in the Tower of London and her neck on the line) to her accession to the English throne under fortuitous  circumstances and the consolidaton of her power in the wake of a trail of gore ,treachery and opportunism .The moviemakers have obviously  taken artistic license while producing &quot;Elizabeth&quot;.However  the idea is to give the viewer a 'feel' for the precarious circumstances under which she assumed the throne and the web of political-religious intrigue through which she had to navigate her way in order to transform England  from a weak &amp; bankrupt country into a great power .Her love affair with Dudley is given ample scope to play out through the movie,as is the shrewd,steely role played by Sir Francis Walsingham (Geoffery Rush) in establishing her imprimatur upon the  English throne .Cate Blanchet gives a convincing performance . The costumes and music are impressive .All in all an entertaining movie , provided  you are not looking for absolute historical verisimilitude .
0743201140|3.0|This book &quot;locks up&quot; any one else's opportunity to take the test as soon as the code provided is used once.  Their web site provides a help number where you can obtain a free second code for a family member, which is an annoyingly un-advertised option which no one knows unless you call and forcefully complain.  Bah. This is hardly professional.  The test seems fairly right-on; although the results were no surprise, the authors' phrasings of strentghs and their characteristics are insightful, and useful within a process of self-understanding.  The book would rate probably a bit more star if the authors were not so stingy as to how many tests were available per book.
B0000508U6|5.0|Wow, at first I was totally addicted to Yellow, and I thought of getting this album, so I came here to read what others had to say. Seeing how highly others rated this album, I got it the next day, and I must say, I am NOT disappointed at all!<br />This is a brilliant album by Coldplay, and EVERY song is good. Awesome tracks like &quot;Yellow&quot; (of course), &quot;Shiver&quot;, &quot;Spies, &quot;Sparks&quot;, &quot;Everything is Not Lost&quot; all stand out in this album. <br />Great, consistent, moody atmosphere throughout. And I love Chris Martin's falsettos. This album is a MUST-HAVE. Stop reading and go out to get it! You won't be disappointed!
B000002UV9|5.0|While it can be tough to follow up a legendary release like \\"Operation: Mindcrine\\", Queensryche does just fine with this 1990's release. For the casual fans the heart of this band is Chris DeGarmo, a vastly underrated songwriter/guitarist. DeGarmo's elegant \\"Silent Lucidity\\" is the centerpiece of this release, a powerful ballad about losing someone close to you. Nominated for song of year \\"Silent Lucidity\\" represents the purest form of music - emotional honesty without compromise.<br /> My favorite song however is the intense \\"Jet City Woman\\", a driving anthem about life on the road. The soaring guitarwork of Mike Wilton and DeGarmo provide the fuel here, turning this track into an arena anthem. <br /> A fine collection of songs, excellent songwriting, creative guitar playing, and soulful vocals make this one of finest release of the 90's, highly recomended!
B000000H57|5.0|To me, Type O Negative is like listening to Gregorian lovemaking.   Peter Steele's voice is rich, deep, and lusty, as are the lyrics to songs like,, &quot;My girlfriends girlfriend&quot;, &quot;Wolf Moon&quot;, and &quot;Burnt Flowers Fallen.&quot; A must have.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Although merely a soundtrack for the HBO broadcast, along with the obligatory bonus tracks, this double cd really captures the essence of a typical Springsteen show. Bruce shows he has lost none of his passion and power in delivering new renditions of older songs and then bringing himself bang up to date with the infamous American Skin which is worth the asking price alone. Is it worth your hard earned money? Yes!
B000056V73|5.0|This movie has to be one of the most perfect movies ever made. I cannot say enough good things about Almost Famous. Its plot is simple: A young boy gets a job for Rolling Stone to go on the road with an up and coming band. On the trip he becomes close with the band and one of the band-aids. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen, and certainly the best film of the year. Just for that fact alone was reason enough for Oscar to snub this movie. Kate Hudson was not just gorgeous, but she gave the best supporting performance of the year which right there explains why she lost. Billy Crudup continues to give awesome performances in great movies, and Patrick Fugit breaks into showbiz with a bang! Frances McDormand and Philip Seymour Hoffman, gave strong, comical performances. Cameron Crowe proves with this movie that he is one of the most talented writer/directors in entertainment. This film deserves every word of every good thing that is said about it.
B000002L68|5.0|Dig if you will...a classic! The soundtrack to the film &quot;Purple Rain&quot; is one of the greatest song scores ever in the history of motion pictures. The nine tracks by Prince and the Revolution perfectly complemented the plot and characters of the film, and the soundtrack succeeds brilliantly as a work of art in its own right.<br />The tracks on this CD are funky, energetic, sexy, playful, and exuberant. Yet touches of longing and sorrow give the CD as a whole a greater emotional depth. The frequently witty and inventive lyrics meld excellently with the pop/rock/R&amp;B rhythms.<br />There are too many great songs to do full justice to in the space of a short review. But special mention should be made of the following: &quot;Let's Go Crazy,&quot; with its opening parody of a church sermon; &quot;Take Me With You,&quot; a romantic but fun duet for Prince and Apollonia; &quot;Darling Nikki,&quot; with its memorably raunchy lyrics (&quot;I met her in a hotel lobby / masturbating with a magazine&quot;); and &quot;When Doves Cry,&quot; an unforgettable anthem to family dysfunction. This is a great album, and a great achievement for Prince.
B000056NX5|5.0|I brought this d.v.d in October &amp; was so excited about it, because I have always loved the musical, &amp; liked the film Version with Ted Neely, so I guess I was expecting the same sort of thing. But *WoW* how wrong could I be, its so diffrent from the film version. From  the intro with the Guns &amp; &amp; the disciples all dressed leather. As you wacth  you think emmm very strange, but please dont be put off. because as soon as you hear the familar tune of &quot;heaven on their mind`s&quot;.  You forget about the guns etc. &amp; just get caught up with the whole thing, so much so i felt like I was one of the disciples singing along. Thats how it makes you fill like you go into the screen. All the parts were great Jerome Pradon was brillant as Judas with such a energectic performance I was quite overcome. But for me Glenn Carter was the icing on the cake, his whole performance was brillant, that when he sang Gethsemane it  made my hair stand up on the back of my neck, And he sang it so well as its quite a hard song to sing. To me Glenn was the Christ &amp; when you wacth it you go through all his emotion &amp; Anguish, &amp;  you felt the pain he was going through while being nailed to the cross. i love my d.v.d &amp; highly recommend it to anyone young &amp; old. The brillant Glenn Carter made this for me &amp; will go very far. We love ya Glenn.
0140149295|5.0|Take this from a person who does not read a lot this is one great book.  You find yourself reading at night and reading for hours just because you want to find out what happens next.  I have never read anything like this.  To see someone like this obliviously not committing the crime and then get triple life its unbelievable.  I actualy saw the movie first and thats what spured me to want to read this.  He is my hero and after you read this book he will be yours to.  For him to be one great boxer someone who was about to go for the midleweight fight but going to jail for something he didn't commit.  He will inspire you.  For his whole life never to be asking for help doing it all on his own but then getting triple life just because he is Black!!!!!  Take this for someone who likes to hang out with friends and playing sports and never reading.  READ IT.  You will love it!!!!
B00000DG1R|5.0|One night before going to bed I just happened to see the video &quot;Save a Prayer&quot; on Much Music.  Before this, I had always thought of Duran Duran as some 80's band that I probably wouldn't like.  However, that song hooked me, and I eventually bought &quot;Greatest&quot; simply because it had &quot;Save a Prayer&quot; on it.  It's about a year later, and I can say that I like every song except for #17 and #18.  Whenever I have a hard homework assignment to do at school, I always listen to this CD, as it keeps me going.  It's sort of weird that a guy like me would like Duran Duran, especially since I was once a die-hard Nirvana fan, but I can honestly say that I absolutely love Duran Duran and their music.  If you don't know what they're all about, I would definitely recommend this CD!
B00000099Y|5.0|Maynard and the rest of Tool are musical gods. This CD is one of their best. The lyrics, the riffs, the bass, the drums.. everything is excellently put together to make a haven for rockers, punks, stoners, junkies, etc. Tool is among one of my favorite bands, they're absolutely amazing and SUCH a great band. This CD portrays that beautifully. You can listen to this CD while relaxing or while head-banging, or while in the shower singing notes you know you can't hit but you love to sing the song and have to but.. that's another story :) This is a great CD for any rock lover. Keyword: ANY.
B000002AH9|5.0|I first heard this album when my college art teacher played it during a studio class nearly 25 years ago.  Her version of &quot;I'm a Fool to Want You,&quot; hooked me immediately.  I remembered Frank Sinatra's version from childhood, but this performance exemplifies Holliday's unique combination of defiance and vulnerability that Kerouac referred to in On the Road.   I purchased this CD several months ago, and I have been listening to it regularly ever since.  Holliday's performance may not be to everyone's liking, as her voice by this time had been affected by years of alcohol and heroin abuse, but the pain the drove her to these habits is the undercurrent of every song performed on this record.  It may not be her finest hour as a musician, but in terms of interpretation, Lady in Satin is one of the most moving recordings I have ever heard.   In contrast to rough timbre of Holliday's voice, the record's orchestral arrangements are lush and elegant.  This contrast between Holiday and her accompaniment at first draws attention to the musical weaknesses of her singing, but ultimately reinforces the emotional power of this record.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Whether you're buying this for your son or daughter or just for yourself, you're going to love it! It's first of all, amazing because of all the graphics and computer animation and second of all, hilarious! This is an excellent movie for anyone and everyone, no matter what age you are! :)
B000002J1M|5.0|If you like Genesis, this is the one album you need. But first you have to be careful on what you are looking for... I mean the real Genesis, not the post-Hackett era, when the band started its progressive decay (becoming paradoxically a non-progressive but a &quot;hardcore&quot; pop one). It has the band's best-ever song inside, &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; -a 23-minute impressive chef d'oeuvre both in terms of music and lyrics, and also the classic &quot;Watcher of The Skies&quot;. Definitively, it's Gabriel, Collins, Banks, Hackett &amp; Rutherford at their best. Fair warning: wait until you get to listen this album 4-5 times -we are talking about deep and intrincate stuff. Now, once you get a hold of it, you won't be able to stop playing it over and over. And be ready to burn your Invisible Touch CD!
B00005ARDC|5.0|this album is bloody brilliant!!  they sound like the perfect mixture of verve and spacemen 3, with a dash of t rex thrown in for good measure.  in a world of *nsync and robbie williams, this record is not just refreshing, but absolutely essential to the fate of new music.  from the fierce drive of 'red eyes and tears' to the swirling, dizzy 'sure as the sun,' to the mournful 'salvation,' this debut album gets into your blood and leaves you begging for just one more hit.
0312955006|5.0|I have read all of Connelly's books in an odd order, but I must say that the details and the twists in this book made me more than happy. The plot and the characters were strong throughout.  The Dollmaker is a great villian yet unlike Patterson everything gets resolved in this incredibly good novel.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Pitch Black is a suprisingly interesting movie. When I saw the previews for this movie I was not expecting much of a plot. I figured it would be one of those mindless horror movies that is only about blood and guts. I was happy to see a good plot in this movie that keeps you guessing until the end on what is going to happen next. Vin Diesel ,who plays the dangerous prisoner,I felt was what made this movie good. He played his part to perfection. If you enjoy science fiction you will like this movie.
B00000BKDV|5.0|Piece of Mind is considered one of Iron Maiden's best, if not the best, album of all times. In my opinion it is a very strong album, but not quite of the same caliber as the previous The Number of the Beast (and its successor, Powerslave). All songs on this album (despite one or two, depends) are very strong numbers. The problem, however, is that the album lacks songs of the highest level, that is songs such as Hallowed Be Thy Name (as an epic ballad) and songs such as Aces High and The Number of the Beast that serve as nerve pounding classics. I'll give you a brief overview of each song. The album kicks off with the classic Where Eagles Dare. The song is played very rapidly, but still clocks at over 6 minutes. The solo's are great, and the chorus is very strong as well. The next song is Revelations, inspired by the ancient Egypt. The song features many acoustical guitar parts, and is truely a masterpiece, although it requires a few listens to really like it. Basically it is a very complex piece, with great lyrics, as expected. The song sounds a little commercial in my opinion, Flight of Icarus. Basically it sounds like a mixture between the first two songs of the album, in terms of style. But it is shorter than both, almost four minutes, but not as intense as one would think. Still, this is considered by many the highlight of the album. The next track is Die With Your Boots On, an intense and catchy tune, and quite long, almost  five and the half minutes. The solos are great, but the lyrics are somewhat shallow. Also, the  chorus is a bit too long, but the bridges between the chorus and the verses are great. The next song is perhaps Maiden's most recognizable one, The Trooper. This is a true classic, not quite a rocker as The Number of the Beast or Run To The Hills, it's noticably slower,  but has excellent solo's like the aforementioned.  Still Life, track no. 6, is one of Maiden's most underestimated tracks. It is a beautiful<br />mystical song, that kicks off with a strange backward message. The entire song has a very special feel to it, and even features three cool quotes by Niko. The solos are very melodic, and the guitars simply sound outstanding. The next song, Quest For Fire is a step or two down from the previous ones, but is still fun to listen to. Sun And Steel, the following song, is also not quite the same league as Revelations, but is still a very solid one. The chorus is above Maiden average (i.e. excellent), and the guitar work is also impressive. The lyrics are quite good as well. And last but not least is the excellent To Tame A Land. A legendary Harris ballad. It's doesn't sound quite as good as my favorite all-time song, Hallowed Be Thy Name, but it's very close to it. You will fall in love with the excellent acoustic riff that follows this 7-and the half minute masterpiece. The song consists of many different parts that will require you to stay alert the entire playing time.<br />The bottom line is that this is a great album, and a must buy. Whether you are a Maiden-fan or not, if you like Heavy Metal, you must have this album in your collection. This is also the first album featuring Maiden's classic line-up, a must have.
B000001OAA|3.0|It's a pity I heard Version 2.0 first: their first album shows where many of the later ideas come from, yet they are less developed.  Songs like &quot;Only happy when it rains&quot; and &quot;Supervixen&quot; are my favorites, but this is not their best album.  It lacks the rollercoaster aspect of 2.0!<br />If you are a true &quot;Alt Rock&quot; fan, then you'll love it - I'm not - preferring the more electronic / dance second album.
B000003BEV|4.0|With 'Satanic Majesties&quot;, the Stones weren't really attempting to copy Sgt Pepper as they were simply responding to it. Jagger and company recognized Pepper as the innovative masterpiece that it was, and put thier own spin on it.  While the results may sound dated or kitschy to some inexperienced listeners, the sound of this album typifies the near-avant-garde mindset and experimental spirit that dominated studio productions of this era. The Stones's search for new sounds may not have yielded results as conscise as the music of the Beatles, but the Stones were always less polished and more down and dirty rockers anyway. This is typified on 'Citadel' an incredibly rockin' track that thrashes for 2 and a half minutes with a Nirvana-like aggresession. Then there's '2000 light years from home' a drugged-out anthem, where Charlie Watt's pounds out the kind of droning rock groove that seems tailor-made for today's club scene.  The re-occuring theme &quot;Sing this Song&quot;, has a sing-songy british feel, counterbalanced by displaced loungy vibes and brass, and at times recalls Pink Floyds early forays into sound effects.  Overall, this is a bold and entertaining album.
6304795254|5.0|I've had this movie for quite some time and wanted to comment that if you are one of those that can pretty much tell what is going to happen next, watch &quot;The Game&quot;.   Most movies are so predictable, but this one got me.  You think you know where the story is going or what will happen next and it all changes, then you get with that flow and then it all changes again.  And the end.....what an unexpected treat for this analytical mind.  You will not be disappointed a very good, thought out movie.
B00000DR5I|5.0|I love jewels, gems and precious metals.  &quot;Rubycon&quot; could be classified as all three, such as &quot;pure gold,&quot; but among the gems of electronic music it is definitely a flawless diamond with unparalled clarity.  Yes, you can belive all the five-star reviews of Tangerine Dream, as I have been listening to them since the late 1980's (I regret not discovering their musical genius earlier!).  Tangerine Dream deserves their own classification.<br />The power of &quot;Rubycon&quot; lies in its ability to take the listener away to unexplored territories of the mind, the entire journey almost ecstatic in nature.  The genius of Franke &amp; Froese are at work with every note and glorious chord on this album, almost incapable of being described, but if you have any musical taste at all you will let the harmonies of &quot;Rubycon&quot; take you to new dimensions of deep, meditative thought.  And for that reason, this album, as with all of Tangerine Dream, is best as a private experience, fully savored with a good pair of headphones after a hard day's work or right before bedtime.<br />&quot;Rubycon,&quot; as with earlier music from TD, is relatively short, and for that reason you need to put REPEAT ON.  I have fallen asleep to Rubycon and drempt wonderfully, having wakened several hours later in an almost angelic state.  TD seems to have a set of keys to the alpha and theta brainwave &quot;gates,&quot; and how they did that is certainly unknown.  Put they put their &quot;keys&quot; into their music.  So how in the world can you put a price on such feelings?  Buy this album today, if you don't already have it, as it can only help to whittle away at any negative emotions in your life, especially aggression and violence.  If you are not familiar with electronic music, give it time.  At the end, you will not at all regret such an acquisition.  Top recommendation!!
6304795254|5.0|I've had this movie for quite some time and wanted to comment that if you are one of those that can pretty much tell what is going to happen next, watch &quot;The Game&quot;.   Most movies are so predictable, but this one got me.  You think you know where the story is going or what will happen next and it all changes, then you get with that flow and then it all changes again.  And the end.....what an unexpected treat for this analytical mind.  You will not be disappointed a very good, thought out movie.
B00003CXB2|5.0|** UPDATED NOV-15-2012 **<br /><br />An extraordinary film has now become an extraordinary Blu-ray.  David Lean's 1962 desert epic film about the enigmatic British officer T.E. Lawrence and his successes and struggles in the Arab countries during the early 20th Century remains (sadly) as relevant as ever regarding the Western world's unending struggles in the Middle East regions.  The Oscar-winning classic is also a landmark event in film history, as it set a very high standard in epic film-making, acting, and, for the making of this Blu-ray, in film restoration as well.  Director Lean and then-unknown actor Peter O'Toole's contribution in this film remain influential in the five decades since the film's initial release.  And if it had not been for the efforts of restorers Robert A. Harris and Jim Painten, who discovered the film's original negative inside crushed and rusting film cans in Columbia's vaults in the 1980s, and proceeded to restore it to its original glory, we would not have had the pleasure of holding this Blu-ray in our hands.  This 2-disc Blu-ray exclusive (no corresponding DVD is available) and a 4-disc (3 Blu-rays plus CD soundtrack) box set are the result of multi-year efforts on the part of the best professionals in the film business.<br /><br />The aforementioned restoration by Harris & Painten, completed in 1989 and yielding a 227-minute director's cut, was the basis of this Blu-ray release.  The running time is sometimes indicated as 217 minutes, which is the running time without all the music interludes: overture, intermission, and exit music.<br /><br />With a great film restoration as the basis, a digital scan in 4K resolution of the negative, and the great capacity and superior video & audio specs of a Blu-ray disc, this Blu-ray is unsurprisingly the look and sound of perfect, to borrow an old phrase.  The picture is across-the-board perfect.  Colors, brightness, contrast, and the amount of details are presented in demo-perfect levels, making the gorgeous deep-focus photography by Freddie Young an absolute pleasure to look at.  The DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 lossless English track, also based on material gained from the 1989 restoration, in which the restorers went to such great lengths as having the actors re-record missing dialogs, is the best this movie has ever sounded on home video.  Dolby Digital 5.1 French and Japanese tracks are also included.  Subtitle options are English, French, Japanese, Arabic, and Dutch.  Those who need a Spanish audio track would need to get the region-free UK Blu-ray to get it, as the US Blu-ray does not have it.<br /><br />The term \\"4K scan\\" refers to the 4096 horizontal pixels, a scanning density that is believed to be required to capture all the details of a 35mm film frame.  Since \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\" was filmed in 65mm, almost twice as wide as 35mm film, it is apt to call this an \\"8K scan\\".  Hence, some publications refer to this as an 8K scan, although 4K is a correct term as well if you talk about scanning density.<br /><br />All 227 minutes of the film were put on a single Region-free dual-layered Blu-ray disc, hence no disc break as in older DVD editions.  The overture, intermission, and the exit music are all played to a black screen, as per director David Lean's original wish.<br /><br />Regarding bonus features, the movie disc also contains a \\"picture-in-graphics track\\" that is vaguely similar to a DVD-ROM feature (remember PCFriendly?) of the 2001 DVD edition, in which the movie playback is accompanied by on-screen trivias, stills, and maps.  But fresh material seems to be used for this Blu-ray.  The interface could be a little unwieldly, as the screen is divided into four areas with smallish navigational controls.<br /><br />A second Blu-ray disc contains more bonuses, which include all featurettes (but not the trailers) found on the 2001 DVD edition.  A couple of surprises here.  Two vintage shorts, \\"In Search for Lawrence\\" and \\"Romance of Arabia\\", which were presented in crappy black-and-white on the 2001 DVD, are in glorious color on the Blu-ray, and in nice 1080p HD to boot.  A nice brand-new extra is a new 21-minute interview, in HD, of Peter O'Toole, accompanied by film clips and stills.<br /><br />All other extras on the 2001 DVD are presented unchanged on the Blu-ray, except that all have English, Chinese, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Spanish, and Thai subtitles.  These features include an hour-long making-of documentary, a Steven Spielberg interview, a newreel of the New York premiere, a montage of publicity material, and vintage shorts \\"The Camels Are Cast\\" and \\"Wind, Sand and Star\\".<br /><br />** REVIEW OF 2001 2-DISC DVD EDITION BELOW, POSTED APR-06-2001 **<br /><br />Apart from the slightly soft, washed-out picture quality during the opening credits of the movie, the DVD edition of LAWRENCE OF ARABIA is superb.  The movie itself is spread onto 2 discs, with the disc break occurs just before Intermission.  The Overture, Intermission, and the exit music are all played to a black screen, as per director David Lean's original wish.  The picture quality looks as fresh and clean as, quite frankly, any film made in the 90s.  In the dramatic shot where Lawrence appears on the far horizon after he rescued his Arab companion, the higher picture resolution of DVD makes it possible for us to notice his tiny figure whereas on VHS tapes or laserdisc it is so small it is almost impossible to see.  Anyone who is serious about watching this film should get this DVD instead of any other version in order to appreciate the opulent cinematography and majestic atmosphere of this epic.<br /><br />The disc has over 100 minutes of old and new documentaries and news footage about the making of the film, plus two well-designed DVD-ROM features (for Windows PC only): a interactive map showing the various journeys undertaken by the real T.E. Lawrence, and a \\"split-screen\\" feature that simultaneously plays the movie and shows you text of behind-of-scene information of the particular chapter of the movie that is playing.  Since the DVD lacks a second audio commentary, being able to watch the film while reading facts about it is not a bad substitute.<br /><br />The included \\"booklet\\" is a reproduction of the 1961 program given to theater goers, we are told.  A nice touch: the disc case resembles Lawrence's diary in the movie.
0446605409|5.0|This is a great book.  From the start you are engrossed in the story and will keep turning the pages until you have run out of time or reached the end of the book.  The story line takes a suprising twist that is sure to have your imagination working in overdrive.  The main character will make you laugh with his wit and his private thoughts.  I grew very attached to the characters and wished the book was longer.  I would like to see Mr. Deville put John Corey in more of his future books.  This is a character that needs to have more adventures.
0812589041|4.0|I enjoyed this book. I enjoyed it a lot.  I had heard a lot of good things about it from  various people and I had read a few other books by Card that I had liked a lot, too.  So I gave it a try.<br />I'm a big reader, I can usually finish a book in one or two sittings if I put my mind to it, and I did this w/Ender's Game.  I was thourougly confused @ the begining, but I kept on reading through it.  Actually, to tell you the truth, I was really confused at the end too,<br />But, dutiful reader that I am, I turned right back around and read the book again.  And it made a lot more sense to me.<br />Of course, I wanted to see what happened to Ender, so as fast as I could, I rushed out and bought 'Speaker for the Dead'.  And let me tell you - 'Speaker for the Dead' was an amazing book.  But if I had not read 'Ender's Game', I would not have enjoyed as much as I did.<br />So here's my suggestion:  if you're going to read 'Ender's Game', make plans to read 'Speaker for the Dead' as well.  Not only does 'Ender's Game' makes 'Speaker for the Dead' a much better book, the reverse is true as well. Together, they really show off Card's genius. After finishing the latter, I really want to go back and read 'Ender's Game' again.  And I'm sure that I'll enjoy it even more the third time around.
B000056K04|4.0|Alright, here's the deal.  No, this album isn't the same as Under the table and dreaming, nor is it the same as crash, it's even different than before these crowded streets! But since when is a band changing their sound something to get mad about?  Granted I'm suprised they have a video on TRL.  But this is not a bad Cd.  Songs like &quot;So right&quot; and &quot;When the world ends&quot; aren't a dissapointment at all.  My biggest complaint is the absence of leroi Moore and Boyd Tinsley.  But they'll still be there in concert, and I'm sure the'll rule then.  In the mean time, quit your bitchin, give the cd a chance, and I guarentee you, you'll like it.
0812550757|5.0|I didn't know there was a whole Ender's series when I picked up 'Ender's Game' a few months ago.  I had no intention of reading any book other than that one.  But than I got to the end, and I just wanted to know what happened so much.  So I picked up 'Speaker for the Dead'.<br />As Card says in his introduction, 'Speaker' was originally supposed to be the story, and 'Ender's' was just this long first chapter that set out the ground for 'Speaker'.  But Ender's story was just too big for that, so 'Ender's Game' as a novel was born.<br />Like 'Ender's Game', I had to read 'Speaker' twice before I completely understood it.  But, b/c I HAD read 'Ender's Game', it was much easier to understand 'Speaker' the first time around.  And I just love it when I know all the little background details in a novel - it makes me happy, which in turn makes the novel much much better.<br />I love how Card always starts out chapters with little scientific reports - you really get to learn things that you would not be able to learn through dialogue or the narration.  And I love how the make so much more sense when you go back with all of the knowledge after reading 'Speaker' - it really gives a reason to want to read it again and again.<br />Wonderful, wonderful.  I cannot say enough good things about this novel.  But make sure you read 'Ender's Game' first - it makes it much more enjoyable.
B00003CXMG|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie I've seen it twice now.  The characters are all truely likeable.  My favorite scene is when they are all on the bus and Elton John's Tiny Dancer is playing in the background and each of the characters join in and sings the song.  It truely shows how music has a connection and often brings people together.<br />I would recomend this movie to anyone who grew up in the 70's!!!!
B00003CWTI|5.0|I multi-task - I watch movies, read a book, look @ webpages, and do my homework @ the same time.  Usually.<br />But w/Magnolia, P.T. Anderson's masterpiece, I could not take my eyes away from the screen for a second.  My mother even tried to have a conversation with me - I just couldn't stop watching.<br />The begining is incredible.  Aimee Mann's soundtrack is incredible.  When 'One is the Lonliest Number' was playing, and all the characters were being introduced, I was just amazed.  I got goosebumps and shivers up my spine.  It was such an incredible moment in the film, probably one of my favorite moments in film-making itself.<br />I liked the extras on the DVD, too.  You get the full 'T.J. Mackey' infomercial as well as tons of diferrent trailers and lots of information.  But the movie speaks for itself.  It's simply a masterpiece.  For added fun, try to count all of the references to the numbers '8' and '2'.  They're everywhere.  For even more fun, try and figure out what they mean.<br />Wow.
0385484518|5.0|I have never read a book like Tuesdays with Morrie.  It is very unique.  It is not about the culture of America, but life in general.  The way everyone should live their life.  This book presents many important points about life's great lessons.  It really makes you think about what is important to you. &quot;Wherever I went in my life, I met people wanting to gobble up something new.  Gobble up a new car.  Gobble up a new piece of property.  Gobble up the latest toy.  And then they wanted to tell you about it.  'Guess what I got?  Guess what I got?' You know how I always interpreted that?  These were people so hungry for love that they were accepting substitues.  They were embracing material things and expecting a sort of hug back.  But it never works.  You can't substitute material things for love or for gentleness or for tenderness or for a sense of comradeship. Money is not a substitute for tenderness, and power is not a substitute for tenderness.  I can tell you as I'm sitting here dying, when you most need it, neither money nor power will give you the feeling you're looking for, no matter how much of them you have.&quot; (pg.125)   This is what I liked about the book.  It makes life seem so simple.  It put life in a prespective that the &quot;living&quot; do not usually think about on a daily basis.  It helped me appricate the life that I have been given.  The only thing I did not like about the book is that Morrie dies in the end.
B000050XEI|5.0|Critics...you can't live with 'em, you can't send 'em packing to Abu Dhabi. Whenever Enya decides to stick with the tried and true, critics harp about her becoming set in her ways. When she actually tries something new, they decide she's on her way down and out as an artist. I'm glad the reviewer for Amazon.com and a number of customer reviewers have had more sense than that.<br />Still, though it's hard to argue with best-ever sales figures, I can understand why this album has gotten mixed critical reviews. (I just heard and enjoyed it last night, April 5, 2001.) Such reviews come an artist's way whenever she steps beyond her former personal boundaries; and they've finally come home to Enya. &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is easily her most experimental work to date, with richer harmonic textures and less formulaic melodies on a number of tracks than she usually uses. Heaven forfend that Enya should actually ask the listener (or the critic) to *think* as well as to *feel* -- but she certainly asks for more thought than usual on this recording...<br />Accordingly, there is an intriguing mix of old and new ideas here. The title track is cast in the mold of &quot;Watermark&quot; and &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot;, but is if anything even more profound (if that is possible). By contrast, several tracks (including &quot;Wild Child&quot; and &quot;Lazy Days&quot;) are oddly reminiscent (in their melodies, bass lines, rhythms and harmonies) of the Beatles in their own more experimental moods. I can certainly understand why the haunting &quot;Only Time&quot; would be picked for the remake of the movie &quot;Sweet November&quot;. (There is a suggestion, in &quot;Only Time&quot;, of harmonies and timbres dating all the way back to Enya's &quot;The Celts&quot; album. See if you can spot them.) The fade from the amazingly intense &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; (which surpasses even &quot;Pax Deorum&quot; from &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; or &quot;Cursum Perficio&quot; from &quot;Watermark&quot; in its gravity) to the following gentle track is truly dramatic...one could say the pair form the pivot around which the rest of the album revolves.<br />My title says it all. This album is less accessible, and less easy to assimilate, than Enya's earlier works. It's a credit to Enya's audience that it is proving up to the challenge. I just wish someone would persuade Reprise Records (or Enya herself, or whoever) to release the same tracks on the same album worldwide. It's a crying shame that some marvelous added tracks are found on some non-U.S. releases of this album and not on the U.S. release, or even that different non-U.S. releases have different added tracks. Does Reprise take delight in tormenting its customer base?
B00000JZC4|4.0|some of the songs are just a little too radio-ish and can go on yuor nerves soon (take a picture, the best things)<br />however, there are some real gems on this album, first off, the incredible &quot;welcome to the fold&quot;, which is a 7:30 minute tour-the-force, &quot;cancer&quot; is also good, and most of the rest of the stuff is solid<br />now, &quot;grab yourself an ice-cold beer, and drink yourself away&quot;
B000002HJA|5.0|I think this is Kyuss finest album. It has nothing but great, incredible songs on it. This was the first Kyuss album I bought ever and was amazed by the incredible songs and the great singing. It's a pity these guys have been around so shortly, leaving only four (yet four great!) albums behind. Anyone with just a little bit feeling for stoner rock should immediately buy this album!
B000002H70|5.0|This is the album of sheer power and melancholy.  The standout track is Disintegration, for its incredible and annihilating hopelessness.  The other tracks are moodily beautiful and remarkably accessible, occasionally verging on sentimentality.  Only quibble - the Mixed Up version of Fascination Street is stronger, longer, tougher and better than the track here.
B00005ABI8|1.0|The lyrics to the song, the Distance make no real sense.  They are cyphers for some non-human, hollywood-ized feelings.  Don't kid yourself that there is any substance, angst or cleverness here.  This is pulpy tripe all the way and if you buy it, you need a brain transplant 'cause you've got the creativity and wit of a dead cactus.  These lyrics are as contrived as can be.  You like this stuff?..., it follows that you're also a big fan of Survivor and Big Brother, and your cousin's been on Cops......twice!
0451147367|5.0|This is one of my favorite collections of Stephen King's short stories.  It's really too bad he's decided to make &quot;Rage&quot; unavailable in future printings.  I assume this is why he's released the three other stories in this collection, individually.  While I can't say I agree with his decision, in fact it's very saddening to me, it IS his prerogative to do so.  It's just a shame that today's society seems to blame the media for the actions of a handful of mentally unstable teenagers across the USA; while their actions are wrong, so are the actions of the bullies at school who've pushed one too many times, and the teachers and parents who turn a blind eye to these situations.  That said, I really wish he'd reconsider his decision to pull the plug on &quot;Rage&quot;.  It was my second favorite story in this book (&quot;The Long Walk&quot; being 1st on my list!) and I'd hate to see it fade away like that.  As a matter of fact, I tracked down another copy of this version of The Bachman Books for that reason alone.  I find censorship to be detestable in any form, and hate the idea of not being able to read a story ever again just because of the actions of a few. Should &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; be banned as well, just because it's been found in some killer's possession?  It all just brings up too many questions which require careful consideration and not a knee-jerk reaction to whichever way the wind blows today.<br />If all &quot;offensive&quot; texts were censored, whether by the author or by the government or some other group, we'd be left with a sterile, more horrifying society - a place I surely would not like to live in.  This is the main reason I wanted to write a review of this book.  I love each story for different reasons.  I love &quot;Roadwork&quot; because of the idea of fighting for what you believe in.  &quot;The Running Man&quot; was quite disturbing, and definitely MUCH more worthwhile than the movie.  &quot;Rage&quot; was an excellent story of a boy pushed over the edge by life in general, and all the thoughts that run through his mind.  I've always been fond of stories that allow you a peek into the mind of the insane.<br />&quot;The Long Walk&quot; is by far the BEST story in this book, and easily one of the most disturbing things I've ever read.  One reviewer here said it was boring and repetitive.  I couldn't disagree more.  The horror of it all is slow to build, but you soon realize that you're caught in something WAY larger than you, much like a small fly in a spiderweb.  In the same way Shirley Jackson's &quot;The Lottery&quot; was terrifying, so is this, but in a much deeper, even more senselessly violent way.<br />I also find it rather interesting that at least two of these stories are still quite relevant.  It's no accident that &quot;Rage&quot; and &quot;The Long Walk&quot; are my two favorites... I explained why I love &quot;Rage&quot;.  &quot;The Long Walk&quot; is disturbing because it's really not that far from today's reality if you think about it.  Sure, it's quite a leap, but there are many shows such as Survivor and Boot Camp where people are pushed to their limits, with actual danger involved if you're not strong enough (physically or mentally) or not resourceful enough.  While these shows are a long way from murder, one wrong move and a participant's life could easily be in jeopardy - all for the almighty dollar and a bit of fame.  Hey, kids... it's all fun and games till someone loses an eye, right?<br />In conclusion, if you've never read these stories and you're a fan of the macabre, I'd highly recommend that you find a copy of all four of these stories, whether through this site's auctions or even your library.  They're well worth it.  There's not much of the supernatural in these books, if that's what you're looking for, but what's there is true psychological terror, which I find infinitely more interesting because of the possibility that these things CAN happen.y of a boy pushed over the edge by life in general, and all the thoughts that run through his mind.  I've always been fond of stories that allow you a peek into the mind of the insane.  <br />&quot;The Long Walk&quot; is by far the BEST story in this book, and easily one of the most disturbing things I've ever read.  One reviewer here said it was boring and repetitive.  I couldn't disagree more.  The horror of it all is slow to build, but you soon realize that you're caught in something WAY larger than you, much like a small fly in a spiderweb.  In the same way Shirley Jackson's &quot;The Lottery&quot; was terrifying, so is this, but in a much deeper, even more senselessly violent way.  <br />I also find it rather interesting that at least two of these stories are still quite relevant.  It's no accident that &quot;Rage&quot; and &quot;The Long Walk&quot; are my two favorites... I explained why I love &quot;Rage&quot;.  &quot;The Long Walk&quot; is disturbing because it's really not that far from today's reality if you think about it.  Sure, it's quite a leap, but there are many shows such as Survivor and Boot Camp where people are pushed to their limits, with actual danger involved if you're not strong enough (physically or mentally) or not resourceful enough.  While these shows are a long way from murder, one wrong move and a participant's life could easily be in jeopardy - all for the almighty dollar and a bit of fame.  Hey, kids... it's all fun and games till someone loses an eye, right?<br />In conclusion, if you've never read these stories and you're a fan of the macabre, I'd highly recommend that you find a copy of all four of these stories, whether through this site's auctions or even your library.  They're well worth it.  There's not much of the supernatural in these books, if that's what you're looking for, but what's there is true psychological terror, which I find infinitely more interesting because of the possibility that these things CAN happen.
B000056K04|1.0|I used to be a HUGE Dave Matthews fan before I bought this CD. He used to have cool instruments and good lyrics and good songs, but this CD is so bad that it makes me ashamed to say that I ever was a Dave Matthews fan.  I found that the lyrics on this album were pathetically lame, and this is not at all what the old Dave used to be like. This album has taken a really pop style edge. To add to how bad this CD really is, Dave has this really annoying howling sound that he makes repeatedly in every song. Please DO NOT BUY THIS CD, it is an enormous waste of money. After I bought the CD and listened to it, I tried to sell it to anyone I could find so I could get my money back. Only no one wanted to buy it, even for the ENORMOUSLY CHEAP price I put on it.
B00005AFVR|5.0|I think that's three words left to say, because everybody who ever listened to a song from Bruce Springsteen knows what I am talking about. The other reviewers also did a great job in describing Springsteen's genius in words almost as powerful as the Boss's that mine would only be time spent reading/writing while you could listen to the Boss on your stereo, with your eyes closed and your dreams and visions running on maximum overdrive. I only decided to write this review because so many of you complained that most of the tracks BS played during his concerts were not included in the 2 disc set. I missed the concert, when the Boss was in Austria last summer, but I can tell you one thing. Check the net for songs like &quot;People Rocking In A Free World&quot;, &quot;Code of Silence&quot;, &quot;Another Thin Line&quot; or &quot;Further On Up The Road&quot;, download them and get them on a cd - worth buying a  cd burner. You did not get this from me!
0440219078|5.0|wow! i read the book a couple of weeks ago in American Lang. (I'm foreign exchange from America, I'm not British) everyone was puzzled at the end. i knew about it from reading it in fourth grade, and i'm in seventh, and it still carries me from day to day. this is the kind of book that needs to be made into a movie, but that might destroy it. the key idea would be for Lois to come on set, design the ideas, the buildings, everything, so nothing is wrecked. but that it isfar to hard sometimes, i know. i can't even capatialize, i loved this book so much! this book is the kind that leaves you dreaming of the possibilities, and a sequel might ruin it's glory as a creative tool in Lang. this is a good recomendation for teachers who want to reach people my age, because it traps you inside. some of the girl at my US school never read, besides zines, and they loved the book so much, they even borrowed a copy over night to get far into the book for the next day! check this book out, you won't regret it.
0440234743|4.0|After three books which lacked excitement that was not even accomplished with narrational extravagancies - although that does not say that the &quot;Runaway Jury, The Partner or The Street-Lawyer&quot; were bad books, it just means, that the Testament is a surprisingly fresh wind after a long period of strictly legal thrillers. After having finished reading The Partner I felt almost convinced that John Grisham was rapidly running out of ideas, all lights turned red, self-destruction on hand,T minus 30 secondes, you know what I mean. I've read every single book by JG and there are only two I absolutely don't like. His first, &quot;A Time To Kill&quot; (too long, too uninteresting) and &quot;The Rainmaker&quot; (only touching if you are a lawyer. There are 3 I love. &quot;The Firm&quot;, &quot;The Chamber&quot; and &quot;The Testament&quot;. The &quot;Pelican Dossier&quot;, &quot;The Client&quot; and all books after the Rainmaker are good as well, but consider the first three as classics. The Testament takes you on a hysterical trip into Brasilian swamps, countdown clock ticking restlessly away, you join the hero, Nate, on his mission to find the heir of one very rich son-of-an-out-of-a-window-hopper. Nate's struggling with his booze-addiction, while facing existential failure. His assignment seems to be his last chance. After three books JG finally managed to create a character you could feel and absolutely identify with - even if you're not one of the hard-boiled kinda folks who drink 2 bottles of vodka in less 3 or 4 hours and wake up the next morning - alive! Buy this book in hardcover and put it next to your other JGs - but in a special place. This is a book that really deserves the &quot;laudes&quot;.Maybe it is no coincidence that it marks the end of JGs first decade of writing.
0385484518|4.0|TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE has been a little blinking light on the Best Seller List for so many months that I finally decided to surrender and see what all the enduring fuss was about.  Besides, I needed a quick read for an airplane flight.  Couldn't be that bad..........<br />But surprise!......in the nicest way.  This little recorded conversation between a sage, dying old teacher and a prominent sports writer distills almost everything I wish I had experienced with my father before he died.  We all have people that meant alot to us and died before we plumbed their souls.  Ah, but this little tome is not about dying; this book is about living and living completely and compassionately, embracing our emotions with gusto and sharing that zest with our fellow earth-dwellers.  There is so much joy that spills from Morrie's slowly failing mouth that humor is always present, even if caressed by tears.<br />This is not a Self Help Book.  This is a goldmine of lessons, of wisdom and of love.  No matter where you are in the life cycle, whether a child or an earnest teenager, a fast forward adult or a member of the golden years clique, this book should be required reading.  And since Morrie would not have us put too much emphasis on collecting &quot;things&quot;, give it to someone you love when you finish the stroll through this marvelous diary.
6301963717|5.0|This is the best mob/gangster flick ever.  Godfather nothing.
B00000J6AG|5.0|WOW. Every song on this CD is just so cool! Dance,Techno,Trance,it's got it all! Song #18,is just soul-soothing! I first heard it on the ep 'Closure'of the show 'The X-Files' and it brought tears to my eyes. My husband, who normally doesn't like soothing music said that it was beautiful~<br />A definate buy for yound and old alike!
0767824571|5.0|This has got to be among the funniest movies I have ever seen; perhaps even the funniest.  The humor is dry in points, and sopping with sarcasm; the wordplay is fantastic; it does have a bit of irreverance, however.<br />This movie makes me want to pay 9 pence for picking up dead relatives, and bang a cat on my laundry!
0790743507|5.0|There are a lot of reasons why I would recommend watching this film:  1. The title song sequence is one of the most joyful moments in movies I have ever seen.  2.  All of the accurate and funny details surrounding the problems encountered when films changed from silent to sound.  3.  The excellent performances by co-stars Donald O'Connor and especially Jean Hagen.  4.  The humour and unbelievable energy that drives the film.  5.  The fact that I don't like musicals, but actually think this is a terrific movie.  Watch this film!
B000056K04|5.0|Dave Mathew's Band &quot;Everyday&quot; is good work. Those who beleive that it is a dissappointment compared to the band's earlier work are misguided. Who ever said that taking music in a new direction was a bad thing? The band had expiremented in music, and that is what all great artists do.I believe that this is a very good album with a good message. The instrumental combined with good lyrics and Dave's voice and emotion are great on this CD. I really believe that it is a good thing that the band is making their music more accessible and enjoyable to EVERYONE and I commend them on thier work. I listen to it all the time.
0553579908|5.0|First off, I'm a heavy duty fan of GRRM.  I've read over a 100 different fantasy authors in my time (started at 12; I'm now 32). Took about 5 years off from the genre b/c I felt it was all getting too formulaic and cliched.  Typical archetype character who turns out to be the missing heir or boy wonder who saves the world against the Dark Lord.<br />So, when I came back to fantasy at the end of 1999, I read the usual: Goodkind, Jordan, etc. and then someone told me about GRRM and man, that was the kicker!<br />Here are the reasons to choose GRRM.  I've also listed the reasons not to choose him to make it fair b/c I know their are certain personalities who won't like this series:<br />WHY TO READ GRRM<br />(1) YOU ARE TIRED OF FORMULAIC FANTASY: good lad beats the dark lord against impossible odds; boy is the epitome of good; he and all his friends never die even though they go through great dangers . . . the good and noble king; the beautiful princess who falls in love with the commoner boy even though their stations are drastically different . . . the dark lord is very evil and almost one sided at times . . . you get the idea.  After reading this over and over, it gets old.<br />(2) YOU ARE TIRED OF ALL THE HEROES STAYING ALIVE EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE UNDER CONSTANT DANGER: this gets even worse where the author kills a main hero off but that person comes back later in the story.  Or, a hero does die but magic brings him back.<br />This sometimes carries to minor characters where even they may not die, but most fantasy authors like to kill them off to show that some risked the adventure and perished.<br />(3) YOU ARE A MEDIEVAL HISTORY BUFF: this story was influenced by the WARS OF THE ROSES and THE HUNDRED YEARS WAR.<br />(4) YOU LOVE SERIOUS INTRIGUE WITHOUT STUPID OPPONENTS: lots of layering; lots of intrigue; lots of clever players in the game of thrones.  Unlike other fantasy novels, one side, usually the villain, is stupid or not too bright.<br />(5) YOU ARE INTERESTED IN BIASED OPINIONS AND DIFFERENT TRUTHS: GRRM has set this up where each chapter has the title of one character and the whole chapter is through their viewpoint.  Interesting tidbit is that you get their perception of events or truths.  But, if you pay attention, someone else will mention a different angle of truth in the story that we rarely see in other novels.  Lastly and most importantly, GRRM doesn't try to tell us which person is right in their perception.  He purposelly leaves it vague so that we are kept guessing.<br />(6) LEGENDS: some of the most interesting characters are those who are long gone or dead.  We never get the entire story but only bits and pieces; something that other fantasy authors could learn from to heighten suspense.  Additionally, b/c the points of  views are not congruent, we sometimes get different opinions.<br />(7) WORDPLAY: if you're big on metaphors and description, GRRM is your guy.  Almost flawless flow.<br />(8) LOTS OF CONFLICT: all types, too; not just fighting but between characters through threats and intrigue.<br />(9) MULTILAYERED PLOTTING; SUB PLOTS GALORE: each character has their own separate storyline; especially as the story continues and everyone gets scattered.  This is one of the reasons why each novel is between 700-900 pages.<br />(10) SUPERLATIVE VARIED CHARACTERS: not the typical archetypes that we are used to in most fantasy; some are gritty; few are totally evil or good; GRRM does a great job of changing our opinions of characters as the series progress.  This is especially true of Jaime in book three.<br />(11) REALISTIC MEDIEVAL DIALOGUE: not to the point that we can't understand it but well done.<br />(12) HEAPS OF SYMOBLISM AND PROPHECY: if you're big on that.<br />(13) EXCELLENT MYSTERIES: very hard to figure out the culprits; GRRM must have read a lot of mystery novels.<br />(14) RICHLY TEXTURED FEMALE CHARACTERS: best male author on female characters I have read; realistic on how women think, too.<br />(15) LOW MAGIC WORLD: magic is low key; not over the top so heroes can't get out of jams with it.<br />REASON TO NOT READ GRRM<br />(1) YOU LIKE YOUR MAIN CHARACTERS: GRRM does a good job of creating more likeable characters after a few die.  But, if that isn't your style, you shouldn't be reading it.  He kills off several, not just one, so be warned.<br />(2) DO NOT CARE FOR GRITTY GRAY CHARACTERS: if you like more white and gray characters, this may unsettle you.  I suggest Feist or Goodkind or Dragonlance if you want a more straight forward story with strong archetypes.<br />(3) MULTIPLE POINTS OF VIEWS TURN YOU OFF:  if you prefer that the POVS only go to a few characters, this might be confusing for you.<br />(4) SWEARING, SEX: there's a lot of it in this book just as there is in real life.  If you have delicate ears, this book may upset you.<br />(5) YOU DEMAND CLOSURE AT THE END OF EVERY BOOK: this isn't the case for all stories in the series.  Some are still going on; some have been resolved; others have been created and are moving on.<br />(6) IF YOU WANT A TARGET OR SOMEONE TO BLAME: this can be done to some extent but not as much.  This is b/c he doesn't try to make anyone necessarily good or evil.<br />(7) ARCHETYPES: some readers like archetypal characters because it's comfortable; we like the good young hero (sort of like Pug in Feist's THE RIFTWAR SAGA); it's familiar and we sometimes like to pretend we're this upcoming, great hero.  You wont' get much of this in GRRM with the exception of one or two characters.  There really aren't any super heroes compared to all the other characters as it's more grittier and no one is shooting fireballs every milisecond or carrying around some super powerful sword.<br />(8) LENGTH: you don't want to get into a long fantasy epic series.  In that case, look for shorters works as this is biiig.<br />(9) PATRIARCHY: men are most of the main characters with lots of power (one female exception).  While this is realistic of the medieval era, some readers may not prefer this if they want more girl power, so to speak.<br />By the way, if you don't want to commit to a big book until you know the author better, check out his short story, THE HEDGE KNIGHT, in LEGENDS.  Overall, this is a great series and I happily purchase the hard cover when it comes out...
B00003CXE6|3.0|I did enjoy this movie.  I also enjoyed Conan the Barbarian, Mad Max, Top Gun and many Saturday morning cartoons - all good entertainment providing a brain dead escape for a couple of hours [actually, there are a few Saturday morning cartoons that run a little deeper].  Come on folks, strip away the gloss and all you got is one supernatural general kickin a little ____.  Oh yeah, there's the other standards: avenge his family's death, evil wimpy/insecure emperor, new side kick buddy, the invincible (supposed) combatant .....  <br />What does our good General expect....I wonder how many thousands of orphans were created by Maximus in his many invasions?  Director of movie: No No Noooo, let's not go there, we don't want to tax our audience.  <br />See it, enjoy it and shelve it...not worthy of veneration nor an Academy Award.
B00004YKUY|3.0|This is a good CD.  It's solid, melodic rock that stands on it's own. But it's NOT Journey anymore without Steve Perry.  <br />Whatever criticism there is, Perry put this group on the charts for almost 2 decades.  Sure, there was a Journey before Perry but those 3 albums weren't very successful.  In fact, their recording contract was about to be cancelled before Perry joined up.  But just as he alone can't take credit for their later success, neither can Neal and Jonathan go on as 'Journey' without their signature lead vocalist.  That's why they call it a group.<br />It's not that the CD is bad, but with a new music style and a new lead vocalist you've got too many changes at one time; especially after the amount of time that has elapsed since their last CD.  The only thing reminiscent on this CD of the old group that thundered across stadiums in the 70's and 80's is the name.  And don't buy this CD expecting a sound-alike to Perry; the new guy doesn't match up. But he is strong in his own right.  <br />Buy 'Arrival' if you like hard, pounding rock.  Don't buy it if you want to hear the style of Journey you remember.
B000056K04|4.0|For those of you who have given this disc poor reviews:  You really need to develop your taste in music.  This album is as good as, if not better than, the rest of his work.  I believe the cult following of the 'acoustic jam sessions' liked his work when it wasn't quite mainstream.  Now, due to the masses of people who sometimes secretly follow DMB, acoustics have become mainstream.  Dave Matthews has resorted BACK to his electric guitar.  Some of his old (acoustic) recordings were done on a similar guitar.  My point is that this disc is GOOD, no questions asked.  It seems that all critics are just looking for something to complain about.  My advice to you:  BUY THE ALBUM, SIT BACK, HAVE A BEER, AND ENJOY.
B00004YKUY|5.0|A new sound, a new singer, a new direction, a new CD to LOVE!!  Being a big fan of Journey with Steve Perry and Steve Perry as a solo artist, I was quite skeptical about Journey continuing without him.  But I was very pleasantly surprised!  The album is a musical masterpiece and solid writing through and through.  Steve Augeri, their new singer, came from a band called Tall Stories (early 90s) which I also loved and highly recommend.  Can't say enough positive things about this CD ... just get it!  The writing is very mature, still very melodic, and extremely powerful!
0684867621|4.0|Besides King's two novella's, &quot;Shawshank Redemption,&quot; and &quot;Stand By Me,&quot; this was my first foray into Mr. King's frightening world.  I purchased it because I knew it to be less horrifying than most.  As a general rule I don't &quot;do horror.&quot;  However, I always wanted to read his work, his descriptions, his genre. Once.  I discovered ONCE is quite enough for me.  Though incredibly impressed by his expertise as an excellent story teller, this was as creepy as I could stand.  I knew I was in for it when I read, &quot;A stump of a branch thick as an amuputated forearm......&quot;  I would not envision that analogy.....Stephen King would.<br />I am glad I read this.  His vile descriptions and eerie story made me wince and shake.....what good horror is supposed to do.  I now leave him to all those who love the macabre.  The quality of his writing is supreme.  Good writing.....wrong subjects!  Stephen King belongs to his legions of ghastly, ghoulish fans.  King is the king of the macabre......I am the queen of the scarity cats and &quot;never the twain shall meet&quot; again!
B00000J7S8|3.0|I heard their Nat King Cole Trio tribute album years ago, and I was hooked.  An outstanding instrumental jazz trio, with an above average vocalist.  I've bought every album since.<br />And then there was this album.  My take on this album is that somebody got ahold of her and told her she can be a big star someday if she only becomes more mainstream.  &quot;You look good, honey.  Let's put your picture *all* over the CD case.  Less real jazz piano.  More soft strings in the background.  It won't be real jazz anymore, but it will be more popular.  You can do a few songs in your earlier style if you want, but we need more Natalie Cole and less Diana Krall.&quot;  And she went with it.  <br />It's working.  As proof, I submit the reviews written here.  God love 'em, but it is the people who say, &quot;I don't normally listen to jazz, but ...&quot; who are saying &quot;this album changed my life.&quot;  She is destined for mainstream stardom.  <br />More's the pity.  If I want to listen to Natalie Cole, I can (and I'm sure Natalie is working on another album).  But if I want to listen to the trio I fell in love with, all I can do is listen to parts of this album.  The rest of the cuts are make me squirm.<br />Ahh, what might have been.  Eliminate the schlocky 1001 strings. Add an instrumental-only track to showcase her piano-playing skills.  But no; this album puts her on a trajectory to become the Vegas Nat King Cole -- that is, *after* the wonderful Nat King Cole trio to whom she paid tribute in her earlier album.
B00004YKUY|5.0|picked up the new journey c.d. the day it went on sale 4-3-2001  and I have not stoped playing it . When I buy a new c.d. Im lucky if I like 1 or 2 songs, but I can say I like all the songs on this one . Arrival is JOURNEYS best work since escape . by by Stieve Perry
0060254920|5.0|Do NOT let your children leave childhood without this book! No book gave my 3 boys or me more pleasure at bedtime story reading than this one. The narrative is so polished and perfect that after 2 or 3 readings you will not be permitted to misspeak a single syllable - though it's always fun to try. But this book is more than entertainment. The themes of journey and monsters and the safe harbor of home seem to strike a very deep chord with kids. I cannot say enough good things about this book.
0783117388|5.0|This has got to be one of the best shows featuring strong, beautiful, independent, successful, and brilliant women ever! Carrie Bradshaw (Sarah Jessica Parker), Samantha Jones (Kim Catrall), Miranda Hobbs (Cynthia Nixon), and Charlotte York (Kristin Davis) make up the cast of &quot;Sex and the City&quot;. These four single women are queens of the jungle, the panthers that prowl the night seeking their mates. These are the kind of women that every woman wants to be. They have everything and more, and sometimes less. They are human, daring, sweet, and hilarious. This show points out not only relationships' questions and answers but also life's questions and answers. Everything you need and want in entertainment, &quot;Sex and the City&quot; delivers them all with gusto, generosity, and boldness. If you don't have HBO, subscribe to it just to get this show or if you don't have cable, buy the complete first season boxed set and the coming-soon complete second season boxed set. Also, don't forget to check out the book by Candace Bushnell and the soundtrack. &quot;Sex and the City&quot;, gotta love that show!
B00000IO4J|5.0|The Faculty is the best scfi thriller I have ever seen.The cast is great the special effects are great and it's a fun movie to watch.If you havent seen it I suggest you do today.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Couldn't wait for this one to come out!! &quot;Spieluhr&quot;,track seven is a good example of where this band is headed. Great new sounds and ideas, complete with new hooks and riffs by Paul and Richard. Tills voice and Flakes keyboards sound more and more refined. Everything blends together perfectly! Don't wait! Pick it up today!
B000002MFQ|5.0|An eclectic and highly satisfying follow-up to perhaps the greatest non-classical instrumental work of all-time. It's not really as good as the first album, but it's very good at what it does. What TB2 basically does is state the main melodies from the first album and then expand upon them - using them as a kind of sonic color pallette and a launching pad from which to explore further into the musical stratosphere. Some of the music is fairly similar to that on the original album, but there are also a myriad differences, as there is less new age influence, and more of the slight techno-powered stuff that is to be found on Mike's other 90's albums, but this is better than most of those albums. The whole album flows as one continuous piece, so there's no use in pointing out individual standout tracks, however the opening piece The Sentinel (which along with Sunjammer shows that Oldfield had an Arthur C. Clarke fixation-both songs are titles of ACC short stories-before he wrote The Songs of Distant Earth) is a very, very, very good intro piece, which can actually be classed as one of Mike's best-ever &quot;songs.&quot; A highly recommended album for those of you who loved the original.
0061020680|5.0|As I am a fan and a student of the anthropomorphic personification of Death, my friends had been urging me to read Mort for a good while before I finally got around to doing so.  Quite literally, the book remained in my hands from the moment I began reading until the last flush of print.  Novels like Mort and On A Pale Horse by Piers Anthony are much more culturally significant than I believe they are credited, for they take the dreaded inevitible of humanity--death--and turn it into something rational, comprehensible, and even downright human.  Mort is an affable sort, but Death is a heck of a guy and a colorful character, whether in bones and black cloth or not.  The notion of Death seeking a taste of the mortal when so much fiction goes the other way around is very refreshing.  Be advised, though, that you should go into reading Mort with the Fantasy Punnster Mindset firmly in place for maximum enjoyment.
B000002GA8|4.0|Although not the instrumental tour-de-force that Six Wives was, Journey To The Center of The Earth is an interesting and highly ambitious effort. An adaptation of Jules Verne's early science fiction classic, Journey To The Center is a very pretentious work that I can't see anyone but Rick Wakeman pulling off without looking cheesy and over-indulged. But Rick does it. Whereas Six Wives was mainly just Rick and his keyboards (and some other instruments) this live performance features Rick, a full rock band, The London Symphony Orchestra, The English Chamber Choir, and the narraration of David Hemmings! The adaptation factor is successful, as there is a steady amount of narraration and vocals, and that his how the album really works. Those looking for pure instrumentation should look elsewhere... this isn't Six Wives type stuff. Which is not to say that there isn't any cool music here, there is. The best instrumentation is about half-way through the first track and the closing movement of the second. Journey To The Center is a highly ambitious, theatrical, and, for the most part, successful effort that could only have been pulled off in the 70's, and only by Rick Wakeman.
B000002572|5.0|I have been a fan of Boston for years. Over the years, through repeated play, the inevitable happened, and the vinly LP has seen it's last go round on the old 33 rpm. Thank you (...) for keeping the terrific sounds of Boston alive &amp; available. The hard rock beat and soft melodies made Boston one of the greatest bands of my time. The follow up albums of Boston were all good, however, the self titled &quot;Boston&quot; to this day, remains the best they ever produced. Pure musical genious!
B000002NE4|4.0|This is not what one would necessarily expect from Nick Cave but excellent nonetheless. Most of the songs explore love's wayward ways  in a frank, honest, and direct manner in the best Leonard Cohen tradition. Particularly successful are \\"Into My Arms,\\" \\"There Is a Kingdom,\\" and \\"(Are You) the One I've Been Waiting For?\\"  \\"Black Hair\\" and \\"Green Eyes\\" are somewhat more erotic and poetic. However, a handful of songs go beyond this and wax on other issues of life, particularly religion and Cave's unflinching view of human nature. \\"People Ain't No Good\\" is the best song in this manner and perhaps the best on the album. \\"Where Do We Go Now But Nowhere?\\" and \\"Idiot Prayer\\" are two other examples. For the most part, the music is laidback, used as a solid, simple bed for Cave's intimate lyrics and vocals. His low, \\"doomy and gloomy\\" voice, coupled with mostly piano-based music, makes it almost seem as if he is sitting at the piano in a church singing to you in the pew. For the Cave fan, this might be heaven.
B000002UVX|4.0|Amazon's Billy Altman writes above that Jimi Hendrix gets funkier and bluesier on this live album than he was on any of his Experience releases.  Well, he certainly gets more expansive and less gimmicky, but Hendrix fans need not fear that he was heading for the Delta...unless, it was the Delta of Venus.  Hendrix is as bold here as he was on Axis, as electric as he was on Ladyland.<br />But this is a LIVE recording and that makes all the difference.  I had been listening to it extensively a few weeks ago, when, by chance I heard &quot;Foxy Lady&quot; on a classic rock station.  There is certainly nothing wrong with that song, but by comparison to the music on this record, it does sound a little contrived, a little too pat.<br />A lot of how you react to this record may depend on how you react to Buddy Miles.  Miles was quite a controversial figure in his day, since he was not exactly a master of subtlety.  But whatever else, he was a good musical partner for Hendrix.  A more flexible vocalist than Hendrix, he was able to add a few new colors to Hendrix's palette. Their call and response singing on &quot;Who Knows?&quot; is particularly effective--although some will argue against his extensive scatting on the track.  The version of Miles' signature &quot;Them Changes&quot; here is the best on record.  So what if  his drumming seems to sometimes verge on Maureen Tucker territory? I would argue that that's not necessarily a bad thing.<br />If Miles has more autonomy than the Experience sidemen, it still remains Hendrix's show.  And on much of this disk, he is awe-inspriring.  Lyrically, Hendrix suffered from something of a Bob Dylan inferiority complex throughout much of his career, but here the lyrics are often sparer or at least not all that audible.  The emphasis is rightly on his playing, which sounds like an awakening demiurge on tracks like &quot;Machine Gun&quot; and &quot;Message to Love.&quot;  He sounds like he could move mountains--in fact it sounds like he's actually moving them.<br />Ironic that during a bit of stage banter during this show taped on New Year's Eve 69/70, he wishes everyone &quot;a million or two million&quot; more such occasions, &quot;if we can just get through this summer.&quot;  Jimi did not live to see the autumnal equinox that year. It's a cliche to say, &quot;but his work lives on,&quot;  but there's usually a kernal or two of truth in such cliches.  Thirty years after his death, his music retains all its power and majesty.  Truly an original.
B000002JSP|4.0|It annoys me that people say &quot;All My Love&quot; is a commercial song. Frankly, it's a very atmospheric, superbly expressed, well-balanced ode. Yes, when Plant over-does the chorus at the end it might get a little annoying, but it's still great. <br /> The opener &quot;In the Evening&quot; has an infectious riff but I find it rather un-characteristic of their spirit. &quot;South Bound Suarez&quot; and &quot;Fool in the Rain&quot; are more eccentric than other Zeppelin tunes, but they're good. &quot;Hot Dog&quot; is the only real parody song Led Zeppelin ever did. &quot;Carousalambra&quot; has great vibes (like all the rest of the album) but a rather tacky riff, and what's more, it drags on way way way way way too long......... <br /> But you can easily forgive Plant, Page &amp; Co. for whatever flaws ITTOD may have when you hear the closing track, &quot;I'm Gonna Crawl&quot;. Trying to describe the glory of that song is futile. . . let's just say that if it was the only track Led Zeppelin ever recorded, they would still be well known. It sounds not only like an impassioned love song but a farewell to the Led Zeppelin odyssey, and it's wonderful that &quot;I'm Gonna Crawl&quot; closes their catalogue.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I could feel your soul, thank you for opening it up to us. it is a beautiful thing.
B000002KP3|5.0|Where do I start? This is still my favorite T-Rex album. Marc did something remarkable and very cool in the early '70's: fusing commercial-sounding guitar-riffs with a melancholy, sublime and highly poetic sentiment that was unmistakably his own. Just listen to that strange elfin voice, crooning such deep wistfulness on the slow tracks like &quot;Cosmic Dancer&quot;. Listen to the bizarre campy feeling of &quot;Rip Off&quot;, when he affects a growling sort of shout.   If you're interested in glam-rock, you should know that Marc Bolan was a close friend of the &quot;king&quot; of glam-rock, David Bowie, and Bowie's song &quot;Lady Stardust&quot; was inspired by Marc, who sang his &quot;songs of darkness and disgrace&quot; most beautifully on Electric Warrior. <br /> To complain about the commercial aspect of this album is to miss the point. The commercial-ness consists only in the deliberately campy guitar-riffs, which were balanced by Marc's beautiful croon and the excellent percussion section by Mickey Finn, to which were added the eerie background vocals. That's what glam-rock was about- the conjunction of lowness with stateliness.   <br />My favorite song is &quot;Life's a Gas&quot;:  &quot;I could have turned you into a priestess/ I could have burned your fate in the sand/ Bu-uut it a' really doesn't matter at all/ No it a' really doesn't matter at all/ Li-ife's a gas- hope it's gonna last!&quot;
014100018X|4.0|Savor the development of the characters in the book and then enjoy the magic of the movie. A fun contrast between book and screen play; both are enjoyable. I most always like books much better than movies. These were both well done.
B00000IL1K|4.0|Sarah Brightman has had a very interesting career.  Most people will remember her because of her many colaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber, most prominently Phantom Of The Opera, but she has recorded several solo CDs.  Eden starts out very promising.  In Paradisium is very interesting, and the song Eden is so good it's worth buying the entire CD just to hear it.  Deliver Me is another very strong track.  Then Sarah seems to experiment many other musical styles, including opera and cheesy pop (She sings My Heart Will Go On in Italian).  If she had stuck with songs mainly like Eden and Deliver Me, this would undoubtedly be her best album to date.  However she didn't, but that does make the album pretty interesting.
B000002HAF|5.0|While the Pixies sophomore full-length Doolittle would perfect and slighty polish their raw, loud, and unconventional sound, Surfer Rosa is early brilliance by the Pixies. It really makes me sad that they broke up since I never got to see them perform live and since rock really needs them now. Again, this album is very unconventional and strange, and it may take some time to get used to. But you'll probably eventually catch on to the greatness of this album. &quot;Bone Machine&quot; is a great, strange opener, &quot;Something Against You&quot; is a hardcore punk workout, and &quot;Broken Face&quot; is a twisted, energetic track. &quot;Where Is My Mind?&quot; is unbelievably catchy with a hook that will stay in your head for days. But the best track on the album is Kim Deal's fantastic &quot;Gigantic&quot; which is definitely one of the best (maybe even the best) song the Pixies have done. Every rock fan out there needs to own an album by the Pixies. Surfer Rosa is a good place to start. Buy this now.
630218021X|1.0|This movie is boring. The director seems more interested in how he can visually direct a scene than he is in Tchaikovsky. Some of the director's scenes are visually fast, or they show nudity with violence. I don't mind some violence and nudity in film. But, I watched this movie because I was interested in Tchaikovsky and nothing else. Some of the scenes might be taken from incidents in Tchaikovsky's life, but the incident is changed and false in the movie. Naturally, people who have no knowledge  of Tchaikovsky's life will not know that the movie is not following factual information. <br />I know the movie came out in 1971, and it's now 2001. In the past 10 years, I have read many things on Tchaikovsky (latest books, etc.). There is one book,&quot;Tchaikovsky: Quest for the Inner Man&quot;, and it does give a lot of information. It is this information that bothers me because it's not commented on or addressed by its author Alexander Poznansky. <br />We know that Tchaikovsky lived a homosexual lifestyle, but why? I want to know why he chose that lifestyle, but truthfully even if this means unsympathetically. Tchaikovsky was extremely sensitive and was afraid of intimacy. He was very shy, and did not want to loose too much control. I feel he needed a lot of freedom in his life. Women, to Tchaikovsky, meant loss of control and freedom. IT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH SEX! I think, for Tchaikovsky, he could only have physical relations with someone whom he felt wanted what he wanted. Tchaikovsky was very uncomfortable around women. His mother and any other female image from his growing up is the reason for this. <br />I don't believe Tchaikovsky's homosexuality was observed and learned due to his personality. To Tchaikovsky, women only had sex to gain money or children and not for pleasure. Tchaikovsky was a very physical person, and I think he was curious and interested in women. But, Tchaikovsky just kept playing with the other boys. After all, he was a man, and he knew that men greatly enjoyed sex. Tchaikovsky, I think, might have stayed in this adolescent phase. For him, it was psychologically very difficult to get rid of any childhood memories or feelings regarding women and men. I don't think Tchaikovsky was born homosexual, but he was born with a certain sensitive personality.<br />He did not want to be married or committed to anyone. He even said that he wasn't sure if he ever loved anyone, and that also goes for the men he knew. <br />Tchaikovsky even said to his homosexual brother Modest,&quot;... that women can give you pleasure, but it's difficult for me to express this...&quot; Tchaikovsky did not want to be a husband to Antonina, this is true. But, what did he mean when he said &quot;husband&quot;? Was it the sex, or were there other reasons why Tchaikovsky did not want to be a husband to anyone. What did Tchaikovsky observe between his parents? <br />Also, Tchaikovsky never really explained his &quot;inclinations&quot;. Did Tchaikovsky's homosexuality stem from other things? Was Tchaikovsky too selfish or self-centered regarding his freedom or sense of control? Was he afraid that with a woman he might have to compromise too much for them? And if so, where does his thinking come from justified or not?<br />Tchaikovsky said that he loved his mom in a sick way, but what did he mean? Why did he wish to keep his distance, and not get intimately involved with someone? What were Tchaikovsky's predjudices as he called them, and why did his upbringing make such an impression?<br />Anyway and how, the book, Q for the I M leaves me hanging. This movie, the M L, does not delve into the psychology of the man. Trying to figure out Tchaikovsky is much more fun than just making wild and dramatic scenes for people to observe.<br />So, I did not like this movie because it gave me nothing. Although, I agree that Tchaikovsky lived a self-centered life, if the movie tried to portray that. I really wish some director would make a new movie onTchaikovsky. Let's try it again, and make it interesting!
B000056NX4|4.0|I am a huge JCS fan. I must say this was a wonderful production of it. Glen Carter's Jesus was wonderful. Jerome Pradon's Judas i have mixed feelings about. Pradon's acting was fabulous! I did not like his singing though. It made for a whiney Judas. Frederrick Owens' Caiaphus was very good. Annas was one of the best i have seen as well. The rest of the High Priests were a bit over dramatic with the overly distorted facial expressions in This Jesus Must Die. Tony Vincient's Simon was wonderful. The fight scene for Simon Zealots was a wonderful way of staging the song. Much better than the dance number in the 1970s film. Tony's voice is incrediable. Glen Carters Gethesemene was fantastic as well. I did not like the Superstar sequence in this one. Its Angels in black leather kinda turned me off from the whole sequence. Overall this was a wonderful production. A major step up from the 1970s film. The acting was wonderful and the singing was too. I would definately reccomend this video to anyone.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park: LP is an odd combination of different kinds of music that truly presents a great question for the music know-it-all: what IS Linkin Park~? It has a decidedly Papa Roach sound, with the emcee Mike Shinoda but also the rock-guitar sound pulled off completely without a bassist. But most of their songs are more meaningful, heartfelt, and well-written than many of the other foul-mouthed bands that are coming out nowadays. Linkin Park doesn't use one bit of offensive language; instead, they resort to imagery and vocabulary - surprise, surprise: intelligence in music. Songs like &quot;Papercut&quot; are following the suit of &quot;Last Resort,&quot; but they make up a surprisingly small portion of the CD. &quot;Papercut,&quot; &quot;One Step Closer,&quot; &quot;With You,&quot; and &quot;Forgotten&quot; are the only hardcore-throughout songs, and even they have some moments of softness. &quot;With You&quot; sounds like an unrequited love song. Others like &quot;Points Of Authority&quot; and &quot;Crawling&quot; have an odd softened-Korn sound (listen closely: imagine a rougher, angst-filled voice singing them) with a bit of Papa Roach/Limp Bizkit rap style thrown in. Chester Bennington's voice sound likes something that belongs in a band like Blink-182, but he has just enough edge and harshness to make him suitable for this band's oddball sound. Mike Shinoda has the attitude and raspy voice to suit his part, but the raps the band wrote are slightly confusing. Some seem to have no pattern at all (&quot;Forfeit the game before somebody else takes you out of the frame and puts your name to shame. Cover up your face, you can't run the race. The pace is too fast, you just won't last&quot;) and some leave with unfinished rhymes (&quot;Why does it feel like night today~? Something's just not right today. Why am I so uptight today~? Paranoia's all I got left&quot;) but his rhythm, voice, and the backing music just make it work. &quot;By Myself&quot; starts off soundingjust like a Limp Bizkit song but in ten seconds changes into something with meaning and thoughtfulness. &quot;A Place For My Head&quot; is reminiscent of Lit because of its very different chorus. While the rest of the CD features angry but well-sung choruses, &quot;A Place For My Head&quot; sounds more like a singsong chant. And then there are songs that are singularly Linkin Park: &quot;In The End,&quot; &quot;Runaway,&quot; &quot;Cure For The Itch,&quot; and &quot;Pushing Me Away.&quot; Then you've got the turntable skills of Joseph Hahn, who injects just the right amount of samples and scratches into the songs, producing an awesome sound like that of Slipknot and Limp Bizkit, both bands that feature DJs. Linkin Park isn't, by any means, copying the bands their music reminds me of. They have so much individuality and flair that you are instantly drawn into their CD - which, in itself, is a curiosity. These artists are overflowing with talent that they packed into a 12-song, thirty-seven minute CD. However, its substance and quality leaves you feeling like you've listened to an hour of real music. The CD doesn't get repetitive even after three or four repeats in the player. I'm dying to see the next Linkin Park CD: if this is consistent work from them, they're sure to be a huge hit for a long time to come.
B000059H98|3.0|The movie itself is a 5 star, the &quot;no extras&quot; brings the rating down for the dvd. It is fact that they taped at least another half hour to an hour of footage that is not going to make the dvd, which is sad. (they even messed up and put pictures from these scenes in the trading card set) If you can get passed that Get the DVD! <br />Even if you are not familiar with the comic book, this is a female empowerment, &quot;riot grrrl&quot; movie. Tankie Fears NOTHING! If you like movies with female strong leads and a wacky sence of humor this is it! No tears for this one. This is like Boys on the side and Beaches for a younger minded audience without all that pesky death to veil your judgment. <br />When I went to the movies I did not think Lori Petty could pull off Tank Girl, but it was a nice surprise to watch her. Petty Captured Tank Girl by the Bullocks! Naomi Watts as Jet Girl and Malcolm McDowell as Kesslee were great in it as well. Don't let the critics feed you a line of bull on this one. &lt;b&gt; INSTANT cult classic&lt;/B&gt; Just because there is no HUGE life lesson in this, it should not take away from this lighthearted movie. Sometimes all you want to do is press play and enjoy, not rattle your brain.  If you have the mentality to like the bands on the soundtrack (Bjork, Hole, Joan Jett, L7, Portishead, Stomp, etc.) you will LOVE this movie..... stop reading and go get it! <br /> &lt;b&gt;PA-PA-PA-POW!&lt;/b&gt;
B0000033OZ|5.0|I've owned this album on vinyl (original Manticore and Atlantic pressings), cassette, Atlantic CD (which was beyond awful), and even open-reel tape, and this remaster from Rhino is an absolute revelation!  For the first time ever, the vocals in 'Take a Pebble' are not so bright and grating that they hurt your ears, something that always irked me.  I sat and listened to this when it arrived, all the way through, and was just dumbfounded at how good the mastering is.  Another example is the end of 'Lucky Man', where Keith's synth goes WAY down...it seems that on the other copies I own, the low bass was rolled off - not here, folks!  This CD will give your system one hell of a workout.  Also, the sound has a 3D-like quality to it, telling me that I'm hearing a direct copy of the original master, lovingly transferred to digital.  Bravo, Rhino!<br />Other people have already done a fine job here explaining why this album is essential, but even for people who already own a few copies, this remaster is an absolute MUST HAVE.
B00003CXN4|5.0|This is a powerful, epic, well-told story, that should have won Best Picture. Even though it didn't it still is one of the best movies ever made. First of all the acting is superb, and it leaves you at a dramatic conclusion. Three words: SEE THIS MOVIE!
B000058983|5.0|I first bought this on cassette. Then I found the vinyl version and finally I now have the re-mastered CD. I didn't need to think twice. It's as simple as this...if you havn't got it...get it. I now have 3 copies and believe me I am not known to go to such extravagancies for nothing....<br />To me it makes the Beatles 'Sgt Pepper' sound like amateurs, The Beach Boys 'Pet Sounds' over-rated (certainly taking the album as a whole, the Beach Boys tunes are nowhere near as strong)....and The Rolling Stones as 2nd division. Had they chased fame the way others did then you would know about this album now...just get it!!
B00005A1PR|5.0|After seeing the video I couldn't wait until her cd came out. I am so glad I purchased this cd, and it WILL be in heavy rotation over at this household! She has a wonderfully refreshing sound as opposed to some of these young teenie boppers out now, and its so nice to hear a young lady singing about family values and good morals instead of the usual sex and &quot;bling bling&quot; so to speak. (even a couple comments in there about the older jazz and R&amp;B legends) She has a beautiful voice, and very intelligent mind, and both come out perfectly on this cd. Its probably going to be played here for a long while. Thanks so much India! God Bless
0380973464|5.0|This tome by my current favourite author is, can you guess?, amazing. The book runs like I think; a stream of consciousness (at times) adventure that covers three generations, and jumps back and forth between World War II and present day.  The book's main topic: cryptography and the ethics of the whole arrangement appealed to me. As did the extensive use of crackers and computers. I greatly enjoyed this book. There was a great deal going on; and the author's use of language (especially for humour) is awesome. I think this is a fringe book; for those who like computers. Although there is enough war time action to tide another audience (military buffs) over between what might be perceived as dry bits.
B000056NX5|5.0|Jesus Christ Superstar had always been my favorite musical, and when I found out the new DVD was coming out I ordered it as fast as I could. This is the best DVD I have...I watch it almost every day. Those of you who are used to the 70s version are in for a little surprise- the theme of the movie is a lot darker, also more contemporary. Jesus comes out in the first scene wearing cargo pants and a tank top.  The performances, however, were absolutely amazing-- especially Glenn Carter's. I have never heard anyone who could sing as well as him (he has the widest vocal range I have ever heard)- his acting is incredible, and his song, gesthamane, brought me to tears. The best thing about him, I think, is the way he's able to portray Christ's emotions and, especially, his fears. Usually when I watch a crucifixion on TV I can't relate to the actor, because Christ has usually been portrayed as some cold, distant person (there are some exeptions, mind you). But when Glenn Carter is portraying the crucifixion and the 39 lashes you can see the fear and pain on his face- you feel like you're being pulled into the performance.  Renee Castle did a wonderful job too, with a beautiful voice and a very good perception of her character. Jerome Pradon's acting was phenomenal, but his singing, I think, could have been better. I think some of this songs were out of his voice range-- you can hear his voice squeak quite a few times.  I was also very impressed with Pilate- a huge difference from Barry Dennen in the 70s JCS. Pilate (Fred Johanson) is authorative and intimidating- he looks like he's about 6'5. And his voice is amazing, deep and rich, and his acting is very convincing. Overall I think the movie was a great success- the choreography and music is good as well. They filled in the gaps where no one's singing very cleverly, so you can actually see what's going on, not like in the 70's version where it looked like Ted Neely was having mood swings. I highly recommend this movie, youwon't be dissapointed!
0312243022|5.0|THE HOURS is a remarkable book, not for its plot or action (although there are some surprising twists and turns) but rather for its masterful writing.  Michael Cunningham is such a wonderful wordsmith; you get the feeling that he could make stereo instructions sound mesmerizing.  Every sentance, every paragraph of this book is a poem in its own right...try reading it aloud to see what I mean.  The characterizations are also highly memorable...this is a book that will leave you musing on its inhabitants for a long time to come.  This collection of three &quot;days in the life&quot; of three different women, all intertwined in mysterious and unexpected ways, will find a permanent place in your consciousness.<br />Incidentally, I know nothing about Virginia Wolff before reading THE HOURS, and my enjoyment wasn't negatively affected in any way.
0671004107|5.0|I have seen many one star ratings to this book, and all those reviewers compare this book to Issac Assimov's job, well i am going to tell something to those guys: THIS IS REALISTIC SCIENCE FICITION!, the book it's long but fun to read, although in the first chapters the descriptions are long and almost without any dialogue, they are interesting, also the book it better than the movie, the movie was boring, but this book it's exciting, also, this book it's better than that &quot;Red, Blue, Green Mars&quot; by Kim  Stanley Robinson trash, altough sometimes this book it's unbeliveable, (at the end), but at least it's more realistic and not as dumb and boring as that  Mars trash, this is a book that will make you think, it really potrays how religions are like, unlike the movie were it was offensive this book seems a lot more well not offensive, i give the book five stars, while to the film four and a half stars.
B00005AAFS|5.0|All the Rammstein Albums that were put out were spectacular, and this album is no different.I bought this album on opening day and i didn't find one weak track. There are plenty of great new tunes this time around, and they seem to of experimented more with the music, they have good slow songs such as &quot;sonne&quot; or fast hardcore songs like &quot;adios&quot;. This album is definantly a must buy for fans of rammstein, there is nothing out there like it, BUY THIS CD NOW!!!!!!!
B00004W50T|5.0|One day I was browsing through my mom's record collection and I happened upon this album. I had listened to The Last Waltz by the Band and was very pleased so I decided to check this album out. The minute I heard the organs by Garth Hudson on the first track, &quot; Tears of Rage&quot;, I fell in love with the album. Rick Danko's soulful voice would make any strong man wimper. Robbie Robertson's guitar playin is like nothing I have ever heard. &quot;The Weight&quot; is possible the greatest song I've ever heard. Richard Manuel's piano playing in &quot;To Kingdom Come&quot; makes the song along with Danko's whining. Their version of &quot;Long Black Veil&quot; beats out any other version of the song. You can actually picture the story progressing as you listen to the lyrics. Three songs out of the album were co-written by Bob Dylan during the famous Basement Tapes recordings, but the sound is all The Band's own. As Eric Clapton remarked once he heard this album he wanted to drive to Woodstock and join the band. If I could be in any band of all time, it would be The Band. They have a chemistry that is unremarkable and it truly shows on this album.
B000002UAU|5.0|&quot;Sgt. Peppers&quot; and the Beach Boys  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; changed rock listening forever.  Up to this point, albums were chopped up singles, but after &quot;Peppers&quot; the concept approach and rock as an art form became the norm, like a fictional novel. This is the last great Beatles album.  After this egos,karma and Yoko get in the way and the recordings have an uneven feel.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Bruce Springsteen is considered by many to be the greatest concert performer in rock history. If someone were to ask me, I'd say it's because, having seen him more than 20 times over the years, Bruce leaves no doubt every night about his belief that his concerts can change people's lives for the better, be it for the duration of the show or longer.<br />I believe this CD captures the essence of a Springsteen concert more than any officially released record to date. By the time I got through &quot;Youngstown&quot; and &quot;Murder Inc.&quot; I was in the same sweat I experienced during the final MSG show. If a concert CD can't reproduce the actual experience, then it's a failure. By that standard alone, however, &quot;Live in NY&quot; succeeds like no CD I've ever heard.<br />Yeah ... you could argue that &quot;Tenth Ave. Freezeout&quot; goes on too long, that the sermons and the band introductions lose something if you're not there. But I've listened to it repeatedly precisely because it does such a wonderful job of capturing the experience.<br />You could certainly argue that the packaging is sloppy -- it's obvious they slapped &quot;Born to Run&quot; at the end of the first CD, which breaks the continuity between &quot;Out in the Street&quot; and &quot;Tenth Avenue Freezeout&quot;, which begins the second CD. But I couldn't care less because the performance is so stirring and the band is so tight that I would have rather it included as an afterthought than not included at all.<br />And yeah ... you could argue that it's too much of a sampler, and that the decision to use some tunes and not others was flawed. I would've voted for &quot;Light of Day&quot; ... but that would mean two sermons on the power of rock 'n roll in the same package. Then people really would have screamed.<br />As for me, I'm not gonna argue about any of this stuff. All I know is I can feel every note, every performance on this CD as though the band was in my living room or as though I was screaming at the top of my lungs at Madison Square Garden. With all due respect to anyone who feels otherwise, I can't imagine being a Springsteen fan and not treasuring it.
B000002WMH|5.0|Before Graceland, the cape and the circus, this Mississippi truck driver played the best music ever by an individual performer. The 1950's masters is Elvis at his raw peak. Like him or not, there would only be no Beatles, Stones,or Woodstock and only a small minority of you would be listening to rock as a form of music. \\"The King Of Rock And Roll\\" is the best of all box sets and has Elvis earliest recordings, including his first appearance in Las Vegas, where the older audience didn't \\"Get Him\\". This is a must for even the most fair weathered fan of rock music.
B000059MEK|5.0|I don't know how anyone can listen to this album in in absense of the preconceived notions about the the Daft Punk, and say it's anything less than stellar.   This album is filled with great, intricately-crafted tunes.  Some are in the house vein, while others are like 70s pop or downtempo.  <br />Yeah yeah yeah, I know it's not the world-smasher that _Homework_ is, but still... If you are a house head, you will like this.  Likewise, if you are a production head, your head should spin.  And if you like pop, you should be in heaven.  Doesn't that cover everyone? :-)
B00004YKUY|5.0|I've been listening to most of this songs since late last summer, thanks to a company hated by the RIAA(you know the one I'm talking about).  I have now paid for Arrival twice as I have the Japanese and American versions.  It is well worth the money as Steve Augeri, and everyone else, truly shine on this album.  Songs that stand out for me are Higher Place, Signs of Life, To Be Alive Again, Live and Breathe and With Your Love.  It is a shame that with todays music climate that this album will probably not do as well as predecessors Escape or Frotniers.
6301969588|4.0|I read a lot of reviews before finally renting Freaks.  I was definitely expecting to be shocked and waiting for a phenomenal climax, neither happened.  Maybe its because the movie was only 66 minutes long or maybe it was just the time period it was made in, but really it was because I have been so desensitized to violence.  I did enjoy Freaks, but the characters neither scared or scarred me.  The freaks in this film did an admirable job acting, especially since they were not actors.  The only scene that really tripped me out was in the beginning when all of the freaks were dancing in a circle out in the forest.  Call me warped but this movie is just calling out to be remade and lengthened.  I am not in favor of exploiting these people but I feel that this film portrays a very human side to these people that most never get a glimpse of.  I found Freaks classified under Horror in the video store and I'm still not convinced that this was the proper category, but really what is?  This is definitely worth a watch, real short but groundbreaking for its time.
B000002LMK|5.0|Along with &quot; Freedom &quot; this album marked a return to form for a rejuvenated Neil Young . Backed by that sonic juggernaut Crazy Horse , Neil steamrolls his way through nine guitar orientated tracks that are as abrasive and blistering as anything that you will find in rock , only the last track gives the listener any sort of relieve from the sonic intensity that preceeded it . The garageband sound of the album also helps to give this record a timeless rock &amp; roll fervour that helps to increase it's power - ragged glory indeed !<br />   To anybody that only owns Neil Young's &quot; Harvest &quot; ( and there are a lot of you out there ) and think of him as a gentle singer/songwriter , I advise you to listen to this album to completely shatter that illusion .<br />   Not only one of the best albums of the nineties but also one of the greatest in rock . POWERFULL STUFF !
B00004YKUY|5.0|First off, who knows if this cd will hold a place in the hearts of millions, whether through a break-up, marriage or other significant point in our lives.........But it is Journey and it is kickin!!!!!!!!  As a musician, this is the best I have heard the band. Neal really shows some new elements to his playing, a little spanish flamenco.  The new Mr. Perry with a perm, great, Steve Perry, and Bryan Adams, and his own style in one.  I am just glad to have another Journey album, buy it its worth it.
0061020710|5.0|I've been hearing so much about Terry Pratchett lately and, coming from England originally, I felt it was about time I read something out of the Discworld series.<br />From the minute I opened this book, I couldn't stop laughing.  It's classic British, sarcastic, witty, satirical humour at its best.  His characters are brilliant, his dialogue superb.  Rincewind is a fabulous reluctant-hero, and the Luggage is nothing more than brilliant.<br />I read the first book in the series in two hours and immediately got the next two and read those as well.  This series has to be one of the funniest things I have ever read.  Light, silly, imaginative and hilarious.
0140366997|5.0|A murder attributed to a demonic hound challenges not only Mr. Holmes' legendary wits, but more importanly his faith in reason and science as it takes him deep into a misty, timeless moor and into the myths and legends of less enlightened times.  While the values of logic and modernism ultimately triumph with the exposure of the hound as a hoax, Doyle's tense, apmoshperic writing conjures up quite a bit of genuine horror.  Its no accident that horror master H.P. Lovecraft was later able to effectively appropriate much of the novel's basic feeling in his short story &quot;The Hound.&quot;
B000001ED1|4.0|I bought this CD because of a good review I read way back when it was released. I could not believe how powerful, and excellent it turned out to be. I listened to it for months in the car that year!<br />The collection was well put together, with some interesting songs chosen (Cover of Bob Dylan's obscure &quot;Man in a long black coat&quot; &amp; &quot;one of us).<br />The range in styles from rocker (&quot;Right Hand Man&quot; &amp; &quot;Spider Web) to popish art rock (&quot;St Teresa) is intrigueing.<br />A wonderful CD, and a promising talent.
B0000013G9|5.0|...but that doesn't mean I hate it, because Left Eye was in rehab when Tionne and Chilli were recording it. &quot;Crazysexycool&quot; is their biggest-selling album, and I still like it better than &quot;Fanmail&quot;. &quot;Waterfalls&quot; is definetly the best song on the cd, and the biggest TLC single to date. It still is shame that Left Eye couldn't be one the album as much, since she is my favourite member. Tionne takes on most of the vocals, and her low, sexy voice, in a way, suits the subject matter of the cd. The 2 best songs on the album are &quot;Waterfalls&quot; and &quot;Sumthin' Wicked This Way Comes&quot;, which features Dre from Outkast. The best alum by TLC in my opinion, and I suggest you buy it.
0767827791|4.0|Do you know the expression, &quot;they just don't make movies like this any more?&quot;  This is definitely the case with PICNIC.  A little bit of Americana is captured in this 50s classic of a young girl's awakening to romantic love.  A small town's warmth and charm is somehow stirred by a stranger's arrival (Bill Holden) and somehow life will never be the same.  Colors are vibrant, the characters are real, you almost wish you were at the picnic enjoying the festivities. Make PICNIC  a part of your classic's collection.
B000002BQK|3.0|I used to be a big Mariah fan, and own all of her albums up to this one, but I won't be purchasing any more. Yes, there are a few good songs on here, such as &quot;Butterfly&quot; and &quot;My All&quot;, but the album has too much of a hip-hop flavour for my tastes. But I do respect her for doing what she wants....all artists have a right to change and grow. And I know this album appeals to a lot of people, which is cool. But for me, I much prefer her older albums like Music Box and Fantasy.
B00004YKUY|5.0|I think these guys deserve a huge amount of awe and respect.  They have pulled off yet another absolutely fantastic album.  I was a little worried after Trial by Fire, but all of my worries have been put to bed.  I can't believe how they have held on to so much of what makes them Journey!  They just seem to age like a fine wine.  Steve Perry has got to be just a little bit green at this point!  I think that Steve Augeri has done a great job.  He has had to stand up to a lot of pressure from us old die hard JRNY fans, and as for this one in particular, he's got my vote to complete the NEW JRNY!!  Neal, Jonathan, and Ross have all still got it.  Maybe even better than ever!  For anyone who has ever liked JRNY this is a must have album!  And for all of you who are stuck on the other Steve, GET OVER IT!!!  This is the next generation of JRNY and it totally ROCKS!!!
B00004ZB9D|5.0|It was great having all of his singles and hits on one cd- you don't have to spend twice the money just to gettwo songs that you like on his cds. There were some that I didn't knoiw yet and probably never would if it wasn't for buying this cd. This is a good buy especially if all you're looking for is a couple of songs but don't want to spend all the money on a bunch of cds. : )
B00004STPT|5.0|This is simply the best movie soundtrack I have ever heard.  Hans Zimmer (like David Arnold and John Williams) is a fantastic composer, with The Rock and The Lion King already under his belt. However , Gladiators soundtrack beats all of them. Tracks 3, 9, 13 and 16/17 are fabulous and Lisa Gerrard really excels herself. The battle scenes are great, loud and fast and for me really get the adrenalin pumping. Lisa Gerrards track 17 is probably my  favorite, her voice having such an emotional onslaught.<br />I recommed Gladiator for a definate buy for your CD collection- it is simply unmissable-just like the film. 5/5 for this supurb  soundtrack that boasts such a variety of themes and music styles. A big Thumbs Up to Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard!
B000002UAR|3.0|I have in my hands two albums released in 1966-&quot;Revolver&quot; by The Beatles and &quot;Face To Face&quot; by The Kinks. One-I leave you to guess which-has had more attention than any other album in history. The other remains unknown, and hardly sells to this day. Both have 14 tracks, and both have striking, psychadelic covers. But there the similarities end-for The Kinks' record is a strange, forgotten masterpiece which outshines The Beatles effort in musical invention and the power and beauty of its words. I remember jumping up and down to The Beatles as a boy. They were wonderful pure pop, but the songs had nothing to say-except the occasional oddity such as &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; which is on &quot;Revolver&quot;. When I wanted more, I moved on to Bob Dylan. But some of his denser wordsmithery can be pretentious, and it wasn't until 1995 that I first listened to a Kinks album properly. I didn't even know they had made any. Then I found &quot;Face To Face.&quot; Something extraordinary must have happened to Ray Davies in 1966. He moved from being a pasticheur of Beatles and Stones records to the lofty heights of outsiderdom and started writing the most beautiful pop songs to have come out of England. It's only in retrospect that &quot;Revolver&quot; struck the pop establishment as great: at the time, most people just thought it was an interesting addition to the pile of Beatles records. During the punk years, I vividly remember going to a record shop in Bristol and there wasn't a Beatles record there. So the hindsight industry has been kind to them.<br />&quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; still sounds tuneless and repetitive compared with Davies' &quot;Fancy,&quot; which was just as striking. &quot;She Said She Said&quot; lacks the powerful restraint of &quot;Little Miss Queen of Darkness&quot;. There is nothing on &quot;Revolver&quot; with the wit of &quot;Party Line,&quot; nothing with the personal sadness of &quot;Rosie Won't You Please Come Home.&quot; &quot;Got to Get You Inot My Life&quot; still sounds a disjointed mess, and &quot;Love You To&quot; and &quot;I Want to Tell You&quot; lack the melodic brilliance of the Kinks record. I'll give &quot;Revolver&quot; three stars for &quot;Here, There and Everywhere,&quot; but this is the year that Ray Davies began to leave Lennon and McCartney behind in their psychadelic nonsense and teenage love affairs.
B000002BQK|3.0|I used to be a big Mariah fan, and own all of her albums up to this one, but I won't be purchasing any more. Yes, there are a few good songs on here, such as &quot;Butterfly&quot; and &quot;My All&quot;, but the album has too much of a hip-hop flavour for my tastes. But I do respect her for doing what she wants....all artists have a right to change and grow. And I know this album appeals to a lot of people, which is cool. But for me, I much prefer her older albums like Music Box and Daydream.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Fred Durst, Wes Borland, John Otto, Sam Rivers, and DJ Leathal make up one of today's greatest rap/rock bands.  Limp Bizkit is an extremely talented band, they're been in the music business for over 6 years.  To all u people who think Durst cant write for his life, its not about using big fancy words, its about expressing yourself.  This cd does just that.  This is their best cd.NTogetherNow, Nookie, Just LIke This, Break Stuff, and Re-arranged are excellent songs composed of good music and good lyrics... Limp's music can help u relax or get over an obstacle in your life.  It helped me wen i broke up with my girlfriend.  I hadda lotta anger, and i took it out in my room singing along to fred, instead of on my family or her. Re-arranged did it all.  I bet half u who write those reviews for Limp Bizkit havent really listens to the cd and dont like rock or rap.  If u dont like those to genres, this cd isnt for u.  But if u do, this cd is a must have.
6304981635|4.0|Roper: He was in it for the money.  Williams: He was in it because he had to be.  Lee: He was there to get them out... ALIVE.  This film is a RIOT!  I was expecting a cliched kung-fu action flick with some of the greatest martial arts moves ever put on film from the Master himself, Bruce Lee.  Well...  I got that, but I wasn't expecting some truly hysterical 70's blaxploitation comedy mixed together with the cliched James Bond plot.  Lee may steal the scenes with his truly uncanny physical moves, but it is Jim Kelly who burns up the film as Williams with his outrageous polyester funk and his super-fly fro!  It is a crying shame that Black Belt Jones is not on DVD...  yet.  It would be a fitting companion piece to this film.  I've not laughed this hard in a LONG time.  Ohhhh, my stomach feels bruised from laughing out of my chair!  To top it off, this DVD has 4 trailers.  Two of them have the most hysterical announcer commentaries I've ever heard.  They sure don't make movie trailers like this anymore (I wish they would)!  This DVD is a sure-buy for the vintage trailers alone.  Some truly classic one-liners too!  Williams: &quot;Man... you come right out of a comic book!&quot;  A great ensemble cast of characters.  John Saxon, Jim Kelly and Bruce &quot;The Legend&quot; Lee are Roper, Williams, and Lee!
B00005AFVR|5.0|Bruce and The E Street Band show why they are still the most powerful act in rock. There are sveral highlights in this live CD. YOUNGSTOWN rips with passion and power, BADLANDS gives us all a &quot;notion deep inside &quot;.  We have heard critics of the preachers sermon Bruce delivers during TENTH AVENUE. Like it or not, it gets the fans off their rears and gets them rocking.Anyway it is &quot;The Legengary E Street Band ! Did you expect some lame introduction?  Also, AMERICAN SKIN and LAND OF HOPE AND DREAMS are two beautiful works of art. AMERICAN SKIN gets the headlines, but LAND OF HOPE AND DREAMS gets your heart.  LOST IN THE FLOOD is absolutely incredible. This is a masterful interpretation of a forgotten song off of Springsteen's first album.   This CD may not be the same as being at a Springsteen show, but it's the best CD I've heard in years. I've seen some of the best, from The Rolling Stones to U2, and witout a doubt, Springsteen is the best. The saying is STILL true, &quot;THERE'S NOTHING LIKE A BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN CONCERT!!&quot;  On a pesonal note , I'd like to thank Bruce for being a &quot;good companion for this part of the ride&quot; ( LAND OF HOPE AND DREAMS)  Your music has always been there through the hard times and the good times. You touched our minds and our hearts like a brother. You sang about us and told the dark side, and gave us inspiration and hope to be determined to make it through the Darkness to find &quot;those hidden worlds that shine&quot;.  You and the E Street Band still put on the most passionate and explosive shows in rock history.  Thanks For the Ride.
B000001FS3|5.0|Albums such as The Joshua Tree are rare.  In fact, since it's 1987 release, there has never been an album that has come close to matching it in terms of passion, flow, &amp; lyrical content.  The first 3 songs have become radio staples and the rest of this album is often commercially overlooked.  'Bullet the Blue Sky' is more of a political rocker, while 'Running To Stand Still' &amp; 'In God's Country' are both beautiful ballads.  The first - an anti-suicide protest; the latter - utopian harmony.  The heart-wrenching 'Red Hill Mining Town' is worth the price of the album alone &amp; the final four songs are a cathartic journey.  Sadly, the success of TJT will never be revisited by the Irish quartet.
B00000J6AG|5.0|There is little that can be added to what has already been said about this cd.  I had never bought anything from Moby in my 200 plus CD collection.  However, I loved the remix of Southside with Gwen Stefani and heard that a lot of his songs are played in TV commercials.  So, I took a chance and bought this CD, and I'm glad that I did.  With the exception of Dizzy Up the Girl by the Goo Goo Dolls and Enema of the State by Blink 182, I can't think of another CD that I have that I can listen to almost every track.  As stated by others, this CD contains a little bit of everything with techno, gospel, blues, hip-hop, rap, pop, and new age.  Unlike today's bubble-gum pop that is so formulaic and every song sounds the same, i.e. (Max Martin, Denniz POP, etc.), you definitely can't say this about Moby's Play.  Every track is good, but the standouts in my mind are Honey, Porcelain, Why Does my .. , Southside, Bodyrock, Everloving, and My Weakness.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that this CD had been re-issued with the Gwen Stefani version.  This saved me from wasting $6 on the CD single.  If you are interested in lyrics and meaningful songs, Moby probably won't suit you.  However, if you just like good music, then this CD is for you.  It is an unbelievable experience.  I definitely plan on getting more Moby.
B00004RHZU|3.0|This cd is good, but she grows into her independence more in her next cd.
0553573403|1.0|Well people really this is your book...... only if your are into early teens have sex with thirty year olds and incest.  This is not a series that I would recommend to anyone that I know for a couple of reasons.<br />First, it did really keep your interest through the whole thing like other writers I have read, but to keep it truthful there is one or two spots that will grab your attention, but be ready for a big let down after you get past them. So it gets a one for effort.<br />Secondly, the story line is decent at best (even if you can stay awake to read the whole thing). Also the characters are never really fully developed since he hardly ever spends two chapters in a row on the same one, so you'll finish a chapter wondering who is next, not about what happend or what will happen.<br />To sum it up, this is only a book i would buy agian, if i was trapped on an island alone and this was all there was to do. Martin is not a fly on the back of Goodkind, and he isn't good enough to be compared to Jordan. They are able to hold one's interest so the book becomes a real page turner, this book I had a problem trying to stay interested.
B000000OQF|5.0|Appetite for Destruction.  A profound album from a profound rock group.  The Zeppelin influenced quintet really created a fine bunch of tunes.  From the passionate 'Sweet Child O' Mine' to the protesting 'It's So Easy,'  Appetite has all the elements of well constructed rock album.  It's grandiose 'Welcome to the Jungle' starts the album with a bang and the cathartic 'Rocket Queen' provides a mellower ending.  GNR's work is often overshadowed by the group's sleazy image, however, AFD proves just how talented the band was.  Axl Rose's vocal range surpasses that of even Robert Plant and Slash's guitar solos (especially on Paradise City) are worthy of being compared to Page.  Although there is no comparison between Zeppelin &amp; GNR as a whole, The fact that this group's debut album has gone multiplatinum 15X, serves to show that this album has stood the test of time.
B0000399WI|5.0|Look,do yourself a tremendous favor and buy this movie. I went over my friend's house and she asked me to watch it. I didnt feel like it but i said ok. It ended up being such a great film, that i purchased it the next day. I thought it would be one of those long boring films but trust me there's is nothing boring about this movie. Tim Robbins plays his role fantasically and so does Morgan Freeman as always. The story is so good and the ending is so satisfying. Please you will not regret this purchase. MUST BUY NOW!!!!
B000021XS0|4.0|I picked up this CD to explore a world of music that I hate to say I have not been into lately (progressive) - primarily because I gave up on so many of my old fave bands who started sounding like the 'Spinal Taps' of progressive rock.  BUT WHAT A PLEASANT SURPRISE THIS CD IS!  I had thought that anyone doing anything 'progressive' would merely sound 'been there - done that' - and was I wrong!  This CD prompted me to explore Spock's Beard, Transatlantic, Symphony X and Dream Theater's earlier masterwork 'Images and Words'.  <br />The 'story' that is told on SFAM keeps your interest the whole time, amidst the sharp and coherent musicianship throughout.  Are concept CD's dead?  Hardly - and DT put their best effort into making this possibly their best effort (although 'Images and Words' makes a perfect complement to SFAM if you just want a quick dose of DT).  The guitar and drum work is tight and simply awesome, and never excessive or noodling.  LaBrie has reached a new height with his vocals on this, as he flexes his vocal cords to fit into the various moods and themes in the songs.   You will find yourself discovering something new every time you hear it! <br />If you are toying with trying out some music in this genre, this CD is a great start, along with the latest from 'Spock's Beard' (V).  This stuff is powerful, sensitive, melodious, complex - yet it all goes down like a fine vintage of your favorite wine.
014100018X|2.0|This is one situation that I can assume the movie is better than the book. With all the hype I expected more magic. I felt the book was slow moving and grated on my last nerve. The only saving grace was the elderly woman. I wante to know what her future held for her and what was to come of her interaction with the many lives she encountered. Other than that I felt the book was EXTREMELY hard to get through and I was happy that it finally ended.
630512762X|5.0|Face/Off<br />Score: 85/100<br />Face/Off is not only a gun-blasting, emotionally charged piece of cinema, but one that truly delivers and ensures that Hollywood still knows how to fire away a good bullet of an action movie. The film is violent and disturbing, but action master John Woo makes sure this is all part of the plot. It's not very often we get such a good piece of action cinema like this film, so don't delay your viewing of it any longer.<br />FBI Special Agent Sean Archer (John Travolta) tries to find a biological weapon placed in Los Angeles by a sadistic terrorist-for-hire and criminal mastermind named Castor Troy (Nicolas Cage). Archer has hunted Troy for the last 8 years, and is consumed by revenge because Troy is responsible for the death of Archer's son. To do this, Archer must &quot;borrow&quot; Troy's face using a surgical procedure to go undercover as Troy, but things go wrong when Troy assumes the identity of Archer.<br />The story is visually complex but screenplayed masterfully and simply, the idea of taken the face off has been hanging around cinemas for a few decades now, but John Woo has finally put it to rest with this stimulating and exciting action thriller. The film has explosive and ear-catching sound that never lets up, and while all the gun-firing and blow-em-up scenes are happening (some tire, but all are intriguing), there is also some dramatic and emotionally involving acts, most coming from the scenes with Archer's wife, played beautifully but Joan Allen. Travolta and Cage are fantastic as they slow-motion leap from prisons and helicopters with intensity. You never know whether they're good or bad, and both play each character's evil/dark \\"face\\" with stunning appeal.<br />Face/Off, in short, is amazingly great entertainment from John Woo. The action and thrills are truly new and original, and all the good comments of this movie add up to a thrilling climax - this is a great picture.
B00005AFVR|1.0|Either you feel this recording is a religious artifact or you can see it for what it is, extremely middle-brow stuff delivered with bludgeoning overkill. Why would anyone bring into the intimacy of their living room the sound of a huge band playing to the back of the rafters in MSG as &quot;the Boss&quot; (hey, I work for a living, so excuse me if I never saw the charm of that nickname)gasps and barks like Al Pacino losing it in &quot;Scent Of A Woman&quot;? There is so, so little subtlety here, so little dynamics, everything feels out of scale, unless you listen to this record exclusively on speedy car-rides down the Jersey Turnpike with all the windows down. And could I give a special thumbs down to the ham-handed Max Weinberg, who for now on should only play a marching band bass drum since the boy's sense of finesse only allows for  completely over-the-top skins thumping.  His playing makes Conan's humor seem witty by comparison. Where's Vinnie &quot;Mad Dog&quot; Lopez when we need 'em? <br />Does anybody remember the band circa GREETING or THE WILD &amp; INNOCENT? They were nimble and light-footed, with Latin flavors and a jazzy sense of swing and Bruce, looking all Ratso Rizzo-like, seemed to have the soul of Sam And Dave or Van Morrison at his best. Then Bruce got all buffed out as the band got muscle bound and best suited for jock rock bombast. So all you nostalgic knuckle-heads can buy the compact disc this week, get all teary-eyed for your youth, then throw it of the cd rack where it will stand collecting dust next to that melody-free GHOST OF TOM JOAD.<br />And don't bother to flame me. I wish all of thee above wasn't true more than any of ya. <br />Jersey's Own - db
6300271145|5.0|This is a wonderful, moving story about one of the great tenor players in jazz. Highly recommended.
157492589X|5.0|I usually judge the &quot;greatness&quot; of a film (we movie snobs always refer to the cinematic art as &quot;film&quot;) by two standards: the number of times I can watch it and the emotions it stirs in me  when I see it or read about it. Lonesome Dove satisfies both criteria.  It just may be the greatest western ever made! For me, only Shane comes close.  <br />There have been only two times in my life when I've watched an actor actually become the character he/she plays: George Scott in Patton and Robert Duvall in Loneseme Dove.  The greatness of an actor becomes evident when they make you forget that they are acting. Duvall accomplishes this in his portrayal of Augustus McCrae.  Tommy Lee Jones is almost as good, as is the entire cast in what must be one of the greatest ensemble groups of all time. <br />Besides the acting, scenery and casting, Loneseome Dove boasts  a beautiful and memorable musical score, one that will stay in your memory long after the final scene.
B00003CXR1|5.0|Chocolat<br />Score: 83/100<br />\\"That day, the towners not only heard a song of church, but an enlightening of the spirit,\\" is a memorable line said late in the magical film that is Chocolat. The quote in the film kind of rings out to the entire movie - the day that you see Chocolat, it won't just be any movie, it'll be an enlightening, refreshing experience that you're sure to like.<br />1960, small town France. Vianne Rocher (Juliette Binoche) and her pre-teen daughter Anouk (Victoire Thivisol) move into town and open a chocolate shop just as lent is beginning. The town's small-minded mayor can't accept this and does his best to shut her down, but her warm personality and incredible chocolates manage to win over many townsfolk. Things get shaken up even more when a group of river drifters, led by Roux (Johnny Depp), stop into town (to the even greater distress of the mayor) and Vianne takes up with him. Meanwhile, she's been helping Josephine (Lena Olin) out of her abusive marriage and her equally freethinking landlord, Amande Voisin (Judi Dench) get together with her grandson, Luc (Aurelien Parent-Koeing), whose mother doesn't approve of Amande's ways.<br />The film is overflowing with it's share of brains and complete maturity throughout the character's hard situations. The actors all play these interesting people to absolute perfection, Juliette Binoche shines brighter than she ever has as the eager Vianne, and Judi Dench is her classical self as Armande. Also, actors that didn't get nominated for Academy Awards (Binoche and Dench did) also put in heaps of effort, Lena Olin is believable and eye-widening as Josephine and Johnny Depp as Roux...well, his coolness just goes without saying. The film has a rich and tasty feel to it, you can almost taste the chocolate Vianne is cooking, oh yes...when the cameramen allow the eye of the camera to go on the silky chocolate swishing through the cooking objects and breaking on the bowl, wow, I tell ya, you better be prepared to drool not only at the film and the chocolate, but it's ingredients and content.<br />Chocolat is a greatly intriguing piece of work, one that is endlessly delightful, and only contains a pinch of a fault.
B00005AAFS|5.0|This is to me the best Rammstein album I ever heard. I got Sehnsucht and Herzeleid but they don't compare to Mutter. I mean a Symphony with Rammstein on some of the songs, that's just great and it sounds good. So it's worth buying.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nevermind is the best of the best in my opinion. A great album and piece of art. Nirvana didn't do as good as this with any other album (and they did pretty damn good with other stuff). Smells Like Teen Spirit, the biggest hit, does not define this album. Smells Like Teen Spirit is a great rock song/anthem though and one of my favorites on the disc. In Bloom rocks out and is good but gets old if you listen to it too much. Come As You Are is a hauntingly beautiful song that blends rock and melody together in a unique way (it's also very dark). Breed is an electronic beatdown of a rock song that makes you clench your teeth and jump up and down. Lithium is one of the biggest winners on the disc because it has so much originality and a great rhythm and melody. Plus it's lyrics are very prepared and ready to end (it was about a man finding god before commiting suicide). Polly is a beautiful song that sounds like Kurt is about to cry or as if he is sad. Territorial Pissings is a punk song at heart that makes you want to thrash. Drain You is a wonderful love song with graphic lyrics that is an all around perfect formula. Lounge Act is filled with angst and love all at once and turns into a very good ballad. Stay Away is very hard and has catchy lyrics with a great guitar line. On A Plain is another great ballad with kind of nonsense lyrics that sound cool. It's kind of mediocre in a sense but I still think it's good. Something In The Way is yet another ballad about living under a bridge (Kurt lived under a bridge for short amounts of time). It also sounds like Kurt is close to tears. That's what's great about this album and In Utero. There is so much emotion and heart in it that you'll never get sick of it. There's a song for every mood. This is and will always be the best album ever created in my mind and in my heart. Buy this and In Utero and I guarantee satisfaction. Thank you, god bless.
6305736650|5.0|Casablanca<br />Score: 89/100<br />If you're heart is racing because you think Casablanca is going to be the best film ever made, slow down and keep on the tracks. Casablanca is far from the best film of all time, but it is one of the best romantic films ever made, an intriguing classic that grabs you within the first minute of the theme and doesn't let go.<br />In World War II Casablanca, Rick Blaine (Humphrey Bogart), exiled American and former freedom fighter, runs the most popular night spot in town. The cynical lone wolf Blaine comes into the possession of two valuable letters of transit. When Nazi Major Strasser (Conrad Viedt) arrives in Casablanca, the sycophantic police Captain Renault (Claude Rains) does what he can to please him, including detaining Czech underground leader Victor Laszlo (Paul Henreid). Much to Rick's surprise, Lazslo arrives with Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman), Rick's one time love. Rick is very bitter towards Ilsa, who ran out on him in Paris, but when he learns she had good reason to, they plan to run off together again using the letters of transit. Well, that was their original plan....<br />I think this film is a little overrated. It comes in many people's top 5 films of all time, sometimes deservedly, but for me, it probably wouldn't make my top 30. Sometimes the film just loses it's entertainment value and occasionally left me uninterested. But, that was only occasionally, and in my book, that means very little. The film strings itself together amazingly, bringing the characters together with a vivid spark. The three screenwriters do a brilliant job of showing off their marvellous skills, each have added their special part in Casablanca, and they all make it a memorable and intriguing idea, one of the most praised scripts ever put to film. The performances truly burn in memory, Humphrey Bogart is fascinating, this may very well be his best performance. He is remarkably moving as Rick Blaine, and makes the film's watchability boost to 100. Ingrid Bergman is stunning as well, she strides onto the screen with stunning beauty and power, and is a mezmerising romantic touch. You never know whether to love or hate each character, because each of them have a certain originality about them. This `love-them-or-hate-them' thought is a brilliantly done aspect of the film, and it sustains right to the very end, when we know the characters true self.<br />Casablanca is a great explosion of a film, not to be missed. Without this movie, romance films may of never been so powerful. Thank you, Mr. Curtiz, you've bought true love to our screens.
B000007OY0|5.0|Im only 14, but I happen to be very critical about movies, so I don't like too many of them.<br />However, &quot;The Shawshank redemption&quot; would have to be one the best movies I have ever seen in my short life, &amp; believe me, I watch alot of movies.<br />This movie is set in the 1940's, and is about a banker called Andy Dufrense, who is wrongly jailed for the murder of his wife and her lover. On his arrival, we met Red, the only guilty man in Shawshank, who thinks Andy won't last in Shawshank.<br />When they meet for the first time, Red starts to think differently about him, and the two form a close friendship. Of course, life isn't easy in Shawshank. In his years there, Andy is repeatedly violated by a group of inhumane prisoners, while Red is refused parole over and over.<br />However, while there, they both come to learn a valuable lesson: Men and fear can hold them prisoner, but friendship and hope can set them free. And the ending is just beautiful.<br />This is simply a wonderful movie. The plot is simple, but the music, acting, and filming are amazing. I highly recommend this to everyone.
0783240503|5.0|I rate this video as the top pick on any video collectors list, you have to own it!  I was so impressed I began reading my bible cover to cover after watching this.  It has brought the lord back into my life stronger then ever.  I am still trying to find the orignal soundtrack that Donny did, I sing the songs daily in my head. OWN IT!
0805062971|5.0|I am a teenager and school forces you to read and I gradually became detested by the thought of reading, although when i read Fight Club, I was amazed, i finally found a novel that not can i only relate to but a novel that keeps me thinking and holds me wonderingg about our sanity. It leaves us all in a trans of what we think is reality. Fight Club will mess with your head, (that's the best part) and it will make you think. Buy this book as soon as you can, you will never regret it.
B0000062GE|5.0|Plain and simple, if NiN and Godhead appeal to you, then you MUST get this CD.  Not only have most of my preppy friends with their rap and pop music shunned me for listening to it, but the lyrics and amazing guitar work never cease to make me want to leap into a mosh pit head first!  There isn't a single thing I was disappointed about with this album, and I'm very hard to please.  Usually there's one or two good songs on a CD, and that's it.  But this CD was CHOCK FULL of them!  &quot;Torn Apart&quot; is my favorite, and I've seen it used in various 3rd party music videos (such as Japanese anime videos put to music) and such things, and I've found it a great song to play on some loudspeakers while outside playing a game of football or something.  It really gets your heart racing and makes you want to run around and go insane!
B00004T0P1|5.0|Ever since Alan Menken quit at Disney,they have let a lot of other composers show up with their works. Hans Zimmer wrote a wonderfull score for The Lion King but this one was not released on CD. This time it is different. James Newton Howard has finally done it. The score does not sound like a typical children`s movie score. May be because of the film`s maturity. It is rather wonderfull,sometimes similar to Howard`s Waterworld and The Postman scores. But the main theme is fantastic,with the african drums and chorus as well as the full orchestra. This is a score almost too good for the film,but it fits perfectly. I think this is the best Disney score ever,because of the music and because it has no songs at all. Among my favourite tracks come &quot;The Egg Travels&quot; which is the music heard in the trailer. &quot;The Courtship&quot; is almost like a love dance - energetic and playfull,with many drums. &quot;The End of Our Island&quot; sounds much like Howard`s bombastic action music for Waterworld. &quot;Across the Desert&quot; is a march for the dinosaurs as they walk across the great desert. &quot;The Carnotaur Attack&quot; is an action-filled track with a theme almost as effective as the Jaws theme. &quot;Breakout&quot; is a high quality majestic track with a large chorus as the find the valley. &quot;Raptors/Stand Together&quot; is the best action track on the disc and it sounds wonderfull. This is the main highlight of dynamic action music. &quot;Kron/Aladar Fight&quot; is also a highlight almost similar to &quot;The Postman&quot;. Over all,this score is almost as memorable as Zimmer`s &quot;Lion King&quot;. I hope Howard continues with making such good scores. If you are a fan of Williams and Zimmer,you will love this. It`s like Zimmer`s The Rock and Lion King combined with Jurassic Park.
B00000K31V|3.0|As one of the few passionate admirers of Cronenberg's *Naked Lunch* (I've screened the film nearly thirty times in eight years), I had understandably high expectations for this, his latest effort.  *eXistenZ* is something like a \\"sequel\\" to the earlier film, a dreamscape of surrealist sound-stages backlit with vulcan reds and dusky blues, spinal landscapes of inverted logic, odd reversals and breakneck paradigm-shifts, paranoiac espionage metaphors right out of Philip K. Dick, cipher-cored characters traversing the eXistenTial dream-labyrinths of ye olde Interzone....<br />Sounds good, right?<br />Unfortunately, *eXistenZ* just doesn't work as a film.  Like the fish at the end of that Faith No More video, the actors flounder and suffocate on-screen, trying to build scenes out of dramatic deadwood, congested dialogue in the plaqued-out arteries of Cronenberg's screenplay.  The quietly compelling labyrinth of *Naked Lunch*, a world of mystery, omen, conspiracy and strange portent, yields throughout in *eXistenZ* to mere non sequitur, to unconvincing performances and unintentionally funny tableaux.  A slow narrative train-wreck, unable to really grip the viewer for more than a few minutes....<br />On a brighter note, the set-design is outstanding, with built-environments and color-schemes rising to the level of visual poetry.  The trout factory, the Chinese restaurant, the sunny outdoor tidal pools as a hatchery for mutant sea-creatures (right out of William Burroughs's *The Soft Machine*), I would love to page through this designer's sketchbook.  Much of the film has a cheery, sunny, brightly lit ambience unusual for Cronenberg, an oddly refreshing melange of natural sunlight and blue-green organic flourish, of brown shadows and biomechanic grunge.  But brilliant sets and dreamy atmospherics aren't enough for a script-treatment that's more or less dead in the water.<br />As a treatise on the postmodern, *eXistenZ* almost redeems itself, and will no doubt appear on course syllabi for many semesters to come.  Jude Law, shortly after being spineshanked with an eroto-mechanic BioPort jacking him into Leigh's proto-sentient game console, complains that this new game is frustrating, absurd, obstructionist, rife with abrupt and meaningless transitions, peopled by plastic \\"game-driven\\" personae, and just not a whole lot of fun.  Who would ever want to play a game like this?  To which Leigh's character replies, We've been playing eXistenZ all our lives.  Which addles the viewer into a culture-concept catch-22.  If virtual reality is the wave of the future, digitalized full-body immersion technology designed for the ultimate in simulated experience, why would consumers want to \\"escape\\" into a heightened reality even more brutally absurd than the existential meatspace of \\"real life.\\"  The game is praised as \\"more real\\" than any of its simulacral predecessors, but isn't there an inherent contradiction in the idea of \\"escaping into reality\\"?<br />*eXistenZ*, after all, is a game for elite postmodern junkies, a culture-portal for those who've abandoned the material world to simulation and simulacra, addicts of trendy nihilistic doctrines beneath a television sky.  It can hardly sustain the shallow, narcissistic fantasies of 21st century pop culture.  Games like *Myst* and *Riven* are remarkable entertainments, but as a \\"text\\" they're as shallow as spit on a rock, neo-Christian allegories as tendentious as anything by Tolkien or C. S. Lewis.  *eXistenZ* ultimately flounders because it assumes that the television-shrunk minds of pop culture will want to enter virtual-reality environments as emotionally and intellectually challenging as a deep, Melvillean work of literature.  But will those same consumers who carry Cliff's Notes editions of *Moby-Dick* to English Lit. class ever slap down sixty bucks to jack into *eXistenZ*?  Seems about as likely as Harold Bloom zoning out on Sony PlayStation.<br />As always, Cronenberg should be applauded forgrinding against the grain of adolescent wish-fulfillment which dominates the science-fiction film market (*The Matrix*), but the ultimate value of *eXistenZ* may be as a case-study for what happens when visionary experiments collapse under their own conceptual weight.  A chastisement to would-be visual poets everywhere.  A crash-profile in the annals of conceptual and aesthetic failure.  A painful disappointment, but one that rewards film students with careful scrutiny as to what exactly went wrong.r grinding against the grain of adolescent wish-fulfillment which dominates the science-fiction film market (*The Matrix*), but the ultimate value of *eXistenZ* may be as a case-study for what happens when visionary experiments collapse under their own conceptual weight.  A chastisement to would-be visual poets everywhere.  A crash-profile in the annals of conceptual and aesthetic failure.  A painful disappointment, but one that rewards film students with careful scrutiny as to what exactly went wrong.
B000005J56|5.0|I`ve adored this album for a couple of years now since I first heard it but one small thing nags me. In the song &quot; Cuarto de Tula &quot; an ad lib phrase Eliades Ochoa calls out during Barbarito Torres' frenzied solo is interpreted as &quot; how interesting &quot;. Eliades also says this in the movie. In reality he actually says &quot; hay que engresarlo &quot; which is a tongue-in-cheek Cubaism which literally means &quot; he has to be commited (i.e. to an asylum)&quot;.I hope the record company corrects this in any future printing of the c.d. insert.
B000002UB3|5.0|This album was released before \\"Let It Be,\\" but produced after it. As such, it is the last music the Beatles ever created, and a fitting capstone to their incomparable career. <br />As with my other album reviews I will rate each song on a scale of 5 stars, with 5 representing a classic or timeless piece, 4 a great song, 3 a craftsman-like work, 2 a pedestrian affair, and 1 a throw away. <br />Come Together -- 5 stars - This is one of John Lennon's great nonsense lyrics, but what raises it to the heights is the presentation, a sound that is instantly recognizable and unlike any other song you have ever heard. Thus, it is ironic that Lennon was accused of plagiarizing a Chuck Berry song. The truth is that he borrowed one phrase as homage to Berry (here comes old flat top), and nothing more. The rest is original and unique. The execution of the song, from McCartney's bass to Ringo's drums, shows the power of the Beatles' ensemble to produce work that was greater than the sum of their individual contributions. <br />Something -- 5 stars - After trashing the Beatles in their early days Frank Sinatra later came to nominate this piece as his favorite love song. Sadly, he credited it to Lennon and McCartney when it is actually a Harrison composition. It is probably the best song on the album - a work of elegance, passion, and captivating musicality. It will live forever.<br />Maxwell's Silver Hammer -- 4 stars - This is one of Paul's \\"cartoon\\" songs. It seduces you to smile and sing along with its bizarrely cheerful dark humor, and thus wins 4 stars in spite of its meager ambitions.<br />Oh! Darling -- 4 stars - McCartney bares his heart by scorching his throat with a passionate, guttural performance. As usual you will want to sing along, but try to compete with Paul and you may pay a visit to the throat doctor.<br />Octopus's Garden -- 4 stars - Another \\"cartoon\\" song, this one written by Ringo. Yes, it's silly and slight, but I dare you not to sing along (and that's my mark of a 4 star song).<br />I Want You (She's So Heavy) -- 4 stars - The subtitle says it all - this song has a very heavy ambiance. Lennon displays his gift for combining simple components to create a work that lingers in the mind much longer than you expect.<br />Here Comes the Sun -- 5 stars - This is another Harrison work and another song that will live forever. It matches tone to theme as well as any song you will ever hear. It is a work of simple genius. Are you feeling down? Then play this song and feel your mood lift like the rising sun.<br />Because -- 4 stars - As I understand it John Lennon heard Yoko Ono play Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata backwards and John made this song out of it. It is, quite simply, beautiful.<br />You Never Give Me Your Money -- 4 stars - This would be a minor work except for its semi-biographical echoes of the Beatles' rise and fall. Because of this it has a special poignancy to it. And once again, it will compel you to sing along.<br />\\"The Final Medley\\": Sun King, Mean Mr. Mustard, Polythene Pam, She Came In Through The Bathroom Window, Golden Slumbers, Carry That Weight, The End -- 5 stars - These seven songlets represent the last stretch of music on the last record the Beatles ever produced. They are joined together in a seamless whole, a mini pop opera, and so I have titled the group \\"The Final Medley\\" and treat them as one composition. Taken together they are, to re-use a phrase, greater than the sum of their parts. In fact, though I hesitate to admit it, I enjoy listening to these songlets more than anything else the Beatles ever did. And so I rate them 5 stars as a group. The details . . .<br />\\"Sun King\\" provides a nice, slow intro. \\"Mean Mr. Mustard\\" is an edgy but humorous Lennon character study. \\"Polythene Pam\\" is Lennon again. It is a hard driving piece that seems to anticipate both heavy metal and punk. It is also the one piece here that cries out for a longer treatment. \\"She Came in Through The Bathroom Window\\" is McCartney. It is probably the slightest component here and foreshadows Pauls' work with Wings, but it fits and adds to the whole. \\"Golden Slumbers\\" is Paul again. It is heartbreakingly beautiful. \\"Carry That Weight\\" is a rousing chorus of the entire group, and seems to speak of the burden that attaches to the blessing of being a Beatle (you're going to carry that weight for a long time boys, and so they did, and do, and will - those who still live). The End is the end and contains the verse \\"and in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make.\\" It is a fitting conclusion for a group that made so much love through their music that they earned the love of the whole world. <br />Her Majesty -- ??? stars - it is characteristic of the Beatles that they could not leave off without adding a humorous note, and this irreverent fragment of a love song to the English Queen starts playing after you think the record has finished. The Beatles were not only great composers and musicians, they were also very funny. <br />And so we have 4 five-star songs out of 10, joined by 6 four-star songs. This is truly one of the greatest albums ever made.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Move over, Rolling Stones! If they ever were, they are no longer the &quot;World's Greatest Rock 'n' Roll Band&quot;. That distinction belongs to the E Street Band. The relentless energy they provide, coupled with soul and emotional fire, are the perfect match to Bruce Springsteen's epic anthems, rave-ups, and deeply felt stories told in song. Springsteen is the greatest rock songwriter of all time. Jackson Browne and Bob Dylan are great, so were Lennon and McCartney, but none have produced work as potent and vital as Springsteen's. And for those who have not yet been exposed to the entire Springsteen catalog, be advised: The gems on &quot;Live in New York&quot; are just &quot;the tip of the iceberg&quot;. Springsteen has &quot;painted&quot; countless other masterpieces over the years. Many of these gems you will likely only hear if you purchase the studio albums, for example &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot; (&quot;The Promised Land&quot;, &quot;Racing in the Street&quot;, and &quot;Factory&quot;); &quot;Born To Run&quot; (which includes Springsteen's best  song ever (so far?), namely &quot;Thunder Road&quot;, and &quot;Backstreets&quot;); &quot;The River&quot; (&quot;Independece Day&quot;, &quot;Jackson Cage&quot;); &quot;Born in the USA&quot; (&quot;Dancing in the Dark&quot;, &quot;No Surrender&quot;); and &quot;Tracks&quot; (&quot;Where the Bands Are&quot;, &quot;This Hard Land&quot;, &quot;Brothers Under the Bridge&quot;). If you have a heart and soul, they will respond to the stirring masterpieces enthusiastically rendered in this music mosaic. Not since J.S. Bach has anybody expressed and exposed this much heart, soul, energy, and humanity through music.<br />BTW, I attended the Milwaukee, WI concert
0689832125|5.0|This is one of the greatest books. I like it because it has all you need in it! (Action, adventure, suspence, etc...)A great read, but only for 7th grade a nd higher!!!!
B00004X01U|2.0|Dissapointing. None of the songs on here are 'classic' material, and wont be remembered like her songs such as Vogue and Like a prayer. I know music in general is bad at the moment, but i was hoping Madonna would try and save it for us, nope! Still theres no harm in experimenting. Maybe she'll get up to scratch with her next album. Dont get me wrong this is not a really bad album, but by Madonnas standard it is bland, some of the songs are quite funky and by todays music standards, its great. But in 20 years time, noeone will care about these songs, but people will still be loving Like a prayer and Vogue. Maybe im the only 14 year old who realises how mediocre music is at the moment, but im not ashamed to be in the minority....
B000056K04|5.0|It seems that people are split into two camps on this one: either you love it or cuss it. I fall into the love it category. &quot;Angel&quot; is a great love song, &quot;The Space Between&quot; and &quot;I Did It&quot; both have great hooks that just stick in your head, and with Santana, how can you go wrong?<br /> Frankly, I think this could have been a solo album for Dave Matthews, with him getting some sticks help from Carter Beuford, since Moore and Tinsley are relegated to occasional blasts on a few songs. But, that's not to say this is a bad thing. I for one have tired of artists that always throw out the same sound -- ANY of them, and this includes Dave Matthews. Maybe this should have been a solo album for Matthews, but regardless, a fresh look at life never hurt anybody, and this CD is no different. Turn off what you think DMB should sound like and give this a fair listen.
0452282152|1.0|I am currently reading this book because I work part time while going full time at college. This book is INCREDIBLY boring. The main character, Griet or however you spell her name, is one-sided, flat, and pricelessly dull beyond belief. She talks so little she could almost be a mute. I like her descriptions about the children and the food. other then that this book leads you nowhere. Its a narrative with no point, and it doesn't give any insight into any characters or to the history that surrounds the characters. Like, the author does not give any perspective into the mysterious disease that surrounds them. The character's boss' wife, Catharina, has babies, they eat food, and Griet (the maid in this book, for she works for the famous painter Vermeer)says nothing and does even less. This book is horrible. At first I was going to give it a C- (paltry mediocrity) but now I'd rather give it a D. NOT WORTH BUYING. Worst I've read in ages.
6301966015|5.0|A strange film by Michelangelo Antonioni. It is a whole period of our life that is coming back. 1966. They dressed bizarre in those days. They behave slightly crazy too. The world was entering the new phase or virtuality. The cold war was a virtual war secreting a virtual peace. The long dreamed for well-off comfort was coming up for the few, the happy few who could follow a track that took them away from the factories. Cars were introducing virtual independence. The new generation of records and turntables and record players was bringing some quite acceptable sound home: virtual music. And real music was not better with all the amplifiers and the loudspeakers: virtual music again. Even life itself was becoming virtual due to the new cameras and the new photography, so fine that even the smallest detail became visible in this virtual life of the photograph. And when the camera caught a body, a crime, a murder, it was only virtual and the body only existed as long as the pictures existed. When the pictures were stolen and destroyed, then the body disappeared. It had only been a virtual body. And even tennis became virtual, with no balls, with no rackets, just the movements and the setting and you could have a tennis game even with no partner at all: virtual tennis. Just like a plane became virtual by being reduced to one propeller, the promise of movement, of flying. Before 1968 and after the real nightmare of the second world war everything turned virtual, the way it had never been before and the best symbol of that virtuality was the camera and its pictures that were so true and yet so virtual. You will enter this film just the way you enter a dream: convinced it is true and yet knowing it is an illusion and when you come out of it your head will still be full with the noise and the fury of that dream where everything true is lived again and yet it is distorted in such a way that it is no longer anything at all. A very sad film from a time when life was just starting to recapture a value after all the drama and tragedy of the 30s and  40s and 50s.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelinesng to recapture a value after all the drama and tragedy of the 30s and  40s and 50s.     Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
B000002UAR|5.0|Instead of delving into lavish praise or a song-by-song analysis of this album, let me paraphrase Peter Bagge's reaction to some early Hollies recordings: &quot;Oh my gawd, my spine is all tingly!&quot;  <br />This album isn't perfect but there's a looseness and swing to it. While subsequent recordings yielded great music, I always got the sense that the whole phenomenon known as 'THE BEATLES' weighed heavily upon them after this recording.  Even 'Sgt. Pepper's' which was an effort to approach things from a different angles lacks this albums sense of possibility and adventure.  Behold power pop's finest hour!
B00005214X|5.0|I am a new and young fan of George Harrison's. I have only recently (almost a year now) become a fan of 60's music and this led me to The Monkees, The Beatles, and my fave George Harrison. This is the first cd that I purchased of George's solo music and I thought it was absolutely wonderful. I admit the sound is horrible...but I love the music. Isn't it the music that counts? I also love the artistic and creative covers and pictures in the booklet, and also the fact about buildings that are taking over the earth. This cd is a great start for anyone interested and I am really looking forward to purchasing more George Harrison music. Also, I like the fact that the lyrics were included, that's a major plus! =)
B00004Z4UW|5.0|First of all I must say to the guy in Blacksburg Virginia that he needs a pair of glasses! He definitely cannot apreciate a great movie like The Matrix. For me, The Best Movie of The Year, without exagerating. It's a great buy. Do it without fear.
B00005214X|5.0|I am a new and young fan of George Harrison's. This is the first cd that I've bought of his solo music. I must say this is a truly grand and terrific cd! A must have for any new fan out there. Yes, the sound was awful, but I'm judging by the music. Isn't it the music that ties it all together? I also like the cover of the case and I'm also pleased that George put in the lyrics. A lot of artisits here in the U.S.A. don't include the lyrics. Wonderful and delightful! I listen to it whenever I get a chance! I now cannot wait to purchase more George Harrison cds!
B00004Z4UW|5.0|First of all I must say to the guy in Blacksburg Virginia that he needs a pair of glasses! He definitely cannot apreciate a great movie like The Matrix. For me, The Best Movie of The Year, without exagerating. It's a great buy. Do it without fear.
0792151712|1.0|...but he's also King of the World's Most Overrated Movie (actually, I'd tie this with that atrocious sci-fi videogame for pseudo-intellectuals, &quot;The Matrix&quot;).  With &quot;Titanic,&quot; Mr. Big-Budget Blockbuster himself attempts (and I really stress the &quot;attempts&quot;) to fashion a rags-meets-riches romance set aboard that tragically doomed vessel, with results as icy as the Arctic.  By watching this movie, you can easily tell it's from the man who brought us FX-heavy offerings like &quot;Aliens&quot; and &quot;Terminator 2,&quot; and the reason those movies succeeded is because the characterizations were up to snuff with the eye candy.  With &quot;Titanic,&quot; Cameron (who wrote some...or all? of the script) nurses along a chemistry-free romance between Tiger Beat pinup Leonardo DiCaprio (who would've been wise to redeem himself by playing Patrick Bateman in &quot;American Psycho,&quot; but what do I care), and the abominably Victorian Kate Winslet (who fared slightly better in this year's &quot;Quills,&quot; but not by much); where audiences and critics saw a romance for all generations to cherish, blah blah blah, I saw two woefully beautiful people choked by a script that gave them the usual &quot;rich-girl-falls-for-poor-boy&quot; cliches, all while CGI special effects and expensive set design ran them over like cockroaches.  Maybe I'm in the minority because I'm not a little girl or a lonely housewife, but I can STILL feel my bottom shifting uncomfortably in my seat as I watched this movie 3 years ago.
6305078564|5.0|I have never seen a better screen adaptation than the A&amp;E production of Pride and Prejudice.  If I could describe the movie in one word, it would have to be &quot;incredible&quot;.  Each part is played to perfection, especially the roles of Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy.  This movie is beautifully shot, and the costumes are wonderful.  This is probably the best adaptation of a Jane Austen novel to date.  This movie is not only a good adaptation of a novel, it's a wonderful movie too.  If you are in the mood for a good romantic movie, then this movie is the sure way to go.  Granted it is a bit long (close to 3 hours), but you will get lost in the story and the characters.   This is one of the best movies that I have ever seen.
B000031XCR|5.0|This CD is the best that Celine has done! I enjoy listening to it all the time, I never get tired of it:) And the best songs on this album are: If You Asked Me To Its All Coming Back To Me Now My Heart Will Go On if walls could talk I want you to need me and Then You Look At Me! The ones above are my favorite:) This CD album is a must have for Celine Dion fans:)
B000004756|4.0|I rate an album's &quot;greatness&quot; by how many times I gravitate towards playing it over and over again. This album will be played again, but mostly as background music. The selections are simply not very memorable; kind of like music you hear on &quot;smooth jazz&quot; radio. It's pleasant, but you would not beat the door down to hear it.
6305603847|5.0|The first time I ever heard of this movie was when I was with one of my friends, and we were talking about art stuff. See, I'd sorta heard of Pink Floyd before (i'm 15 btw) b/c they were one of those old bands my dad used to like. *barf*. She said it was really good and I should check it out. So, I was in blockbuster, lookin for horror movies when I stumbled on it. I got it not knowing what to expect. I figured since Pink floyd was a rock group from the 70's, it'll probably just be naked women and sex. How could a rock group know how to make a good movie? But, I was feeling adventurous, so I got it anyway. I couldn't have been more wrong. It totally pulled me in! The awesome music, poetic visuals, and moments that I could relate to made it an awesome experience! A lot of the symbolism really isn't that hard to understand, so you won't be confused the whole time. However, I'm constantly figuring out more and more stuff about it. It's really deep. Anywho, buy this movie, you'll love it! It made a Pink Floyd fan outta me! The only bad thing about it is sometimes I can't get the songs outta my head.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Could anyone have woven a more masterful tapestry of art and rock? From the opening, beautiful chords of \\"Airbag\\" (`I am born again...'), to Thom's searing vocals in \\"The Tourist,\\"  (`Hey man, slow down...') the listener is subjected to a barrage of guitar riffs and melodic vocals, pieced together with lyrics so compelling and deeply meaningful it makes you contemplate the meaning of your own life.<br />With this, their third album, Radiohead stepped beyond the realm of beautiful music, they added depth and prose to their seemingly brilliant (and at time incomprehensible) lyrics. As the album progresses, the lyrics begin to become more and more angst ridden. The album begins with lines like, \\"I am born again...I am amazed that I survived, an airbag saved my life\\" (\\"Airbag\\"), but it progresses to something increasingly pessimistic, \\"Kill me Sarah. Kill me again. It's gonna be a glorious day\\" (\\"Lucky\\"). But maybe this is what's so very amazing about this album. Everything from the track placement to the lyrics to the music, it's all seemingly perfect.<br />It appears that the album was designed as a rebellion against a constantly evolving technological world. Thom Yorke becomes the iconoclast, staging his revolt against a world where we have become slaves to our own technology. Yorke pictures a world free from the oppression of technology (\\"Subterranean Homesick Alien\\"), and by the end of the album he feels that this dream is just another quixotic ideal ina world run by technology. Yorke's cynicism and wit keeps the album moving along at a breakneck pace and never lets you go for a minute. <br />What the band did with this album, is create one in which all sorts of musical aspects are incorporated. Most commonly, however, the band focuses on soft, melodic pieces that perfectly portray the world in which we live in. The most interesting song on the album though, has to be \\"Fitter Happier.\\" A three-minute piece, recorded onto (of all things) a computer. Maybe this is what makes the song so enduring though. It suggests we free ourselves from our jobs and worldly lives, and try to live lives, not based on material possessions, but on the little things we treasure every day. <br />OK Computer is an enduring, masterful, stroke of genius, and is one that I hope will endure for years and years following. Radiohead have moved on to new techniques and styles, but this is the album that they will always be remembered for, long after they will have departed on their separate ways.
B000002JS8|4.0|With this 1979 release AC/DC proprelled themselves into heavy metal royalty.  The follow up release &quot;Back in Black&quot;, a bit better than this record only solidified that lofty status. On this record, singer Bon Scott's last, AC/DC demostrates a keen sense for killer riffing and solid songwriting.  As usual Angus Young guitar playing shines, with whiplash solos and crunching riffs.  My favorite track is &quot;If you want blood&quot;, a headbangers anthem with some of the best riffing this side of Led Zep. Of course the title track and &quot;Touch too Much&quot; are exemplary tracks as well.  All told a very solid release - highly recommened!!!
0812550706|3.0|In the usual genre of good Sci-Fi, this book has some twists and thought-provoking content.  The main character being Very young, this story will appeal more to young-adult readers.<br />However, I rate it as only &quot;above average&quot; for two main reasons. First, I found the story to be captivating and well-paced; but upon further thought about chapters I'd just read, there were numerous inconsistencies and significant holes in the plot.  It was frustrating to have to continuously think up justifications for the actions of characters or existence of apparent flaws of nature that the author should have explained himself. Secondly, along the same lines, it is often enjoyable to have an author with a new perspective on a subject.  But, Orson Scott Card, being a Mormon from Utah, should have realized that he needed to at least make an effort to research the subjects of military training and evolution before writing about them.<br />If possible, one should read the Introduction of this book before deciding to purchase it.
B00000JPH5|5.0|David Bowie and Jennifer Connelly star in this outrageously adventurous movie! It all begins when Sarah (Connelly) trys to stay in her childhood by playing with her dolls and just living in a child's world. Her parents always make her watch her baby half brother at the last second. One night when they suprise her again, she says an evil incantation and asks the Goblin king (Bowie) to come take her brother away. When Toby really does get taken away by the Goblin King, she realizes that she has to jump in to reality. The Goblin King makes a deal where she has to find her way to the castle through a huge Labyrinth before his clock strikes 13! He does everything he can to keep the baby for the baby will turn into a Goblin if she doesn't get him in time! The Goblin King does everything possible to keep the little boy including speeding up time and distracting her with her dream of fantasy life, living like Cinderella in the ballroom, the prince (Bowie, Goblin king) wants her to dance with him, in my opinion, be the Goblin Queen! Through a Labyrinth, meeting some new friends, and finding their way through some extreme puzzles, will Sarah really rescue her brother? Or will she take the Goblin King's offer and live her dream in the fantasy world?
B00003CWPR|5.0|The caveat is that I am a Kubrick fan.  In fact, before I saw this film I watched all of Kubrick's films, in order, one a day, and then saw EWS opening day.  I was simply amazed.  I personally know no other person who loves EWS, and it drives me crazy. Don't mistake this film for an erotic thriller, as the marketing seemed to want it to be.   This film is a masterpiece about expectations and interpretations.   It is highly literate, and disturbingly clinical.  It is a film which refuses to pander or blink.  While most films cater to an audiences' expectations, EWS reflects them, and in so doing, subverts them.   Like most Kubrick films, EWS is as much of an intellectual exercise as it is a story.  And if for no other reason, it should be watched for the cinematography, as the worst frame in this film is better than the best frame from just about any other.
B000056N8X|4.0|I first bought the original Highlander because it had the most special features I could get for 10 bucks. Then I rented Highlander 2 and Endgame a little later (I skipped the third one because of.............. horrible review). After the stupid but fun Renegade, I watched this expecting the worst. My huge beef with this DVD is that it doesn't include the film's theatrical trailer. But overall, I'd say this was a pretty cool movie. I've never seen an episode of the TV show, but I caught on right away. I thought the murder of Rachel in the beginning was a great way of starting the story. But I also was very angry at the emphasis of Adrian Paul's Duncan instead of the career-less Christopher Lambert, especially in the second half. That is when he is turned into a Spock-in-Star Trek III type character. As in every Highlander, this has it's random, pointless sex scene with no addition to the plot except for showing off............................................ But this time it has some artistic value going for it when it compares her affair with Duncan now to when they got married 300 years ago. Bruce Payne scared the hell out of me as the villan, Jacob Kell, who Connor thought he killed in Glenfinnan 400 years ago. And with the surprising cameo by prof. wrestler, Edge, this is a fun if melodramatic movie for anyone who liked the first Highlander. Note that the abcence of Sean Connery, although unavoidable, is a real loss to this movie which has no strong comic relief.
B000002MFN|4.0|Although I am a die hard Madonna fan, I will admit that this is not her best album. While most of the songs are quite good there are more duds on this album I think, than on any other album she's released. Gems like &quot;In This Life&quot; and &quot;Words&quot; more than make up for some of the unnecessary lewdness that characterizes some of the songs on the album. I still recommend it, but not nearly as highly as I would &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; or &quot;Music&quot;. By the way if you have the tape and are considering buying the CD for the extra track, don't do it. It's not really a song and it's not very good.
B00005AFVR|5.0|I picked up my copy of this release this week while I was out of town.  I wasn't prepared for the POWERHOUSE of a recording this turned out to be!  Several years ago, their was a documentary put out &quot;Blood Brothers&quot; and kept me hoping to see the The Boss reunite with E-Street.  Even though I was eagerly anticipating the release date, it proved that all GOOD things come to those who wait!<br />It wasn't like just another reunion, going through a well played out repertoire but musicians enjoying their reunion and tweaking the already superior tunes.  The flavor of this release is that of the classic sound we all know, love and expect from Springsteen with some songs getting tweaked alittle for new spice and ambiance.   &quot;The River&quot; is just one of the songs that was slowed down, with a bluesy sound added for a soulful feeling oozing with the sax as one listens.  <br />What makes the reunion even greater is that just listening you can get the feel for Springsteen's enthusiasm for audience participation.  The audience was primed in &quot;Born To Run&quot;.  <br />I can't speak highly enough of this album!  It's Springsteen and E-Street doing what they do best...classic rock, soulful touches and Bruce storytelling with the best of the best.   His storytelling had a touch of the Dylan feel in it.<br />The only problem I had with this album, and I don't take anything away in my rating because of it, was the liner notes.  The songs printed up on my copy wasn't correct, as my car stereo changed traks, I couldn't keep up with the songs past Murder Incorporated.  I was totally surprised and excited to hear &quot;Badlands&quot; and &quot;Born To Run&quot; as they weren't on the list on the liner notes of my copy.<br />If you are on the fence about this one, I say GO FOR IT!  It's a must have for the music library!
B000002LGQ|5.0|This is one of Madonna's best, in fact some would say that it is her best. There is not a wasted track on here, every single song is definitely worth a listen. It's a must for any Madonna fan. This is the album where she proved that there was actually a lot of talent behind the controversy. As both a singer and a songwriter she really shines on this alubm.
B000002UA2|4.0|I enjoy this album immensly. The lyracs are great and Gilmours voice hardly ever sounds better. The only problem is that the songs aren't very long. I am a big fan of epic jams like &quot;Shine on You Crazy Diamond&quot; and &quot;Echoes.&quot; It would be nice if there was continuation of some songs. &quot;Mudmen&quot; has potential to have a sick Jam but doesn't take the oppurtunity. As far as Ballads go, &quot;Stay&quot; is up there with &quot;Wish you were here.&quot; The album came from a great time in the Floyd Timeline but it seems to have been released at the same time as darkside. I recomend to any hardcore floyd fan that this be a part of your collection.
B000002LND|4.0|If you're just getting into Madonna, this is a great album to familiarize yourself with her work. If you're already into Madonna, the album might be worth buying just for &quot;Rescue Me&quot; and the better versions of &quot;Vogue&quot; and &quot;Express Yourself&quot;. However, a lot of these songs have been cut down and many of them lost something in the translation. The version of &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; on this one doesn't come close to the original, and this is true of several of the songs here. It's still an enjoyable listen but I prefer listening to her songs in their entirety.
B000001Y2U|4.0|This kinda music doesn't interest me that much. I myself prefer the more raw, over the top, guitar orientated rock/metal, but something about this CD draws you in. Parralels with Alice Cooper are obvious, however thw two artists could not be more different. Tho Mr. Manson's image is a complete rip off of the afformentioned rock god, you cannot dismiss the fact that Marilyn Mansons music is very distinctive, even if his image isn't. People have slated this CD off as immature and depressing. Why ? Although this isn't guitarmanship to the standard of Guns N' Roses, it isn't meant to be (yeah I know that's a cliched hting to say but what the hell...)<br />Okay so it took Marilyn Manson only two albums two sell out and if you mentioned the words 'guitar solo' to this band and they'd probably have a heart attack and okay, some of the songs are hardly Metallica style epics, but lyrically, and thematically this CD is extremely clever. Almost up to the standard of The Wall in terms of conceptuality and excecution. Marilyn Manson has here produced a CD that reveals a lot of truths about the nature of society and religion that doesnt aim to be depressing or Cannibal Corpse style voilent, it merely aims to reflect reality form an alternate perspective.<br />I can't say this is a hard rocking CD, it's not. It's a blend of various genres leaning heavily towards the Industrial (perhaps courtesy of producer and Nine Inch Nails frontman - Trent Reznor). It's not Reign In Blood, but it's certainly boasts more intelligence than anything from the nu-metal scene. You can't escape the fact that these songs have such great hooks in them. Beautiful People needs no introduction, but this isn't a 'three good songs' CD. It is well thought out and planned. Yes, some of the songs are very 'lets let some studio computer handle it' sounding, but that just serves to contrast efforts like Irresponsible Hate Anthem and the almost gothic ballad - Man That You Fear.<br />The rock/metal scene died sometime in the early 90's. At least Manson shows that some of todays bands have brains. Perhaps there is yet hope for rock/metal...
B000002LLC|5.0|This album is excellent but it will surprise even the most die hard Madonna fans. It has a very jazzy feel to it. This really is the album where her voice made its fortunate transformation from its &quot;Material Girl&quot; squeak to its current maturity. While Vogue was obviously the break out hit, although the version here isn't quite as good as the one on the &quot;Immaculate Collection&quot;, relatively unheard of gems like &quot;Something To Remember&quot; and &quot;He's A Man&quot; really make the album. I'd recommend listening to it twice before passing any judgement on it. Once you get used to the different style you really will love it.
0738203335|5.0|Moody has done an excellent job of bringing to 'life' many of the key characters in this mini-revolution. He even stops and introduces aspects of their personal life that affect their work. He talks about many players including Linus Torvalds, Richard Stallman, Larry Wall, Guido van Rossum, Eric Raymond, Ken Thompson, Andrew Tanenbaum, etc.<br />He touches on the hacker work ethic, the motives, the religious factors (both in a traditional sense and flame-war sense), and some of the great exploits of hacker lore.<br />My only complaint is his presentation of the 'other side'. I think it would've have been interesting if his closing pages were expanded to include more possible road-blocks for the movement. Although I agree that the books focus was supposed to be biased.  :-)<br />Overall this book is just plain fun and informative. -Ali
B000002J1I|5.0|Let's see, Future Times, Don't Kill The Whale, Arriving UFO, Circus of Heavon, Release Release, On the Silent Wings of Freedom.  Good Lord listen to the Sound! Seems it is fashionable to bash this album.  It is a classic.  I don't care what the band says.
B0000021RD|5.0|Maybe they always were.  (I didn't say &quot;sellouts&quot; in the original draft for this review.  I used the w word, but I guess I didn't think it was quite that necessary here.  I am not that familiar with their later music, except that it makes me turn the channel when I hear it).  Maybe our definitions of sellable music have changed.  Or perhaps they actually like the music they've put out since they sold out (to their early fans) in the late seventies.<br />Many fans of this excellent, flawed, outgoing avant-garde effort, nearly unique in rock, are incapable of listening to anything after Chicago V or VIII or whatever.  It wasn't the death of their excellent Guitarist and onstage leader precisely, but something else, it would seem.  [Aside: I think their website recounts having hired a Terry Kath replacement based partly on the guy having long hair and looking the part.  How you go from a productive relationship with one of history's better guitarists to hiring a guy who looks the part, well, I just don't know.]  Perhaps the collaborative mechanisms which had functioned to their benefit in their early anti-war early-seventies seemingly idealistic efforts had slowly turned sour.  Maybe having to write for a horn section all the time turned things into a smarmy mess (never did that to the Blues Brothers, but they had the good taste to cover some of the best R+B music in history).  I really have no idea what happened to them.  I just know that something appears to have happened.<br />In any case, Make Me Smile is a ruling song with Kath's guitar and singing.  Likewise his guitar work on 25 or 6 to 4.  Lots of other good rock-type stuff, such as In The Country and It Better End Soon, are solid reminders of why Hendrix liked this group and regarded this guitarist very highly (at least, that's the way the story plays out if you look into it on the web).<br />The pop tunes which gave some indication of their regrettable eventual direction are quite welcome on these early albums.  They had to try a lot of things to hit the spot, and they also were trying to be upbeat in keeping with some of the ideals of the time (Where do we go from here?)  And after all, who knew that they were just going to devolve?  A lot of their philosophizing led to some great stuff such as Dialogue on Chicago V.<br />I'm not going to analyze every song, but doubtless fans of their later work are really going to find this early stuff kind of strange. Good.  They were my first serious favorite group.  Looking back, they were pretty good. Maybe even as good as I thought.  Haven't bought one of their new albums in 20 years. Probably never will.  I Doubt Hendrix would touch any of their later work with a 10 foot pole.
B000002JSN|5.0|Look, if you like anything these guys do, get this.  Good god man.
B000056PP2|4.0|This romantic and romantic story, with elements of &quot;Like Water for Chocolate&quot; or &quot;A Walk in the Clouds&quot;, is also incredibly funny and sensuous. Isabela flees her native Brasil to escape her domineering and filandering husband, and she comes to San Francisco to stay with her drag queen friend Monica. Isabela ends up working at a chef school, where a TV producer offers her a morning cooking show. He, and every male around, falls in love with her, and then her husband arrives. Much humor ensues in this delightfully madcap, romantic tale. I love how everyone ends up in love at the end, including Monica!
B000002J1H|5.0|Awaken.  All of the music on this album is great.  Then there is 'Awaken'!  I have seen it live many times.  The sky opens up.  'Wonderous Stories' is the perfect lead in.  These are all great Yes songs.   I had a Yes Head ask me once, &quot;What is your favorite Yes album?  I said 'Can't answer that, to hard to decide'.  He says &quot;Yea, yea I know but, right now, if you had to pick, what would it be?&quot;  I said, &quot;Well, right now I would have to say 'Going for the One'.  &quot;OH&quot;, he says, &quot;What about 'Close to the Edge or Relayer or...&quot;.
B00004YKUY|1.0|ARRIVAL This new release from the new Journey line-up suffers greatly from mediocre songwriting and from the lack of a strong lead vocalist. <br />The new singer, Steve Augeri, tries his best to fill Perry's shoes but falls short.   Augeri's vocals are a thin imitation of Steve Perry's, with only half the range Perry had.   The songwriting is uninspiring. Aside from some enjoyable guitar licks from Neil, the songs are pretty unmemorable and do not have the emotional punch and melodic interest that past Journey music had. <br />On Arrival, you really start to miss Perry's great songwriting abilities that were present on every other Journey album from 1978 up until 1996. <br />This is NOT the Journey sound that we all know and love so much.<br />On Journey's reunion 1996 album, Trial By Fire, Steve Perry proved that he still has The Voice...and then some!!! Its a real shame that he is no longer with Journey. <br />I was hoping I'd enjoy this new album. But this new 'Journey' sounds, at best, like a Journey cover band.
B00004SZWD|5.0|Before I get to how great this album is, I would like to say a few things.  First, this is not my type of music.  My favorite bands are Led Zeppelin, Nirvana, and the Smashing Pumpkins (with Pink Floyd and the Beatles right behind).  Furthermore, after listening to Stevie's other two most well-known albums, Innervisions and Talking Book, I have to say I don't really like them much.  Rock music is my music, and will always be my music.  Now, let me say that, in my humble opinion, this is one of the greatest albums of all time.  For anyone with similar musical tastes as me, who likes classic rock and early-90's grunge, if there is one album out there completely different from your musical tastes you would love, it is this one.  I don't even know where to begin, the heartfeltness of &quot;Isn't She Lovely,&quot; the horns of &quot;Sir Duke,&quot; the &quot;Oh my god, Coolio sampled this whole song and just added a rap&quot; feeling when you first here &quot;Pastime Paradise.&quot;  Its all here.  I am converted.  This album takes its place among my favorites, alongside Abbey Road, Led Zeppelin IV, and Nevermind.  Its that good.
0380018179|5.0|Last night I finished The Thorn Birds, and I thought that..along with being one of the best novels i've ever read..it provides us with an insight into human behavior and emotion. After reading hundreds of books in my sixteen years, i thought there wouldn't be another book to really interest me in the way that Koontz and Grisham do.<br />This book has it all. Family drama, heartbreak, and such strong female characters that are usually absent in a lot of books today. I especially feel sad for Meggie and the Cardinal, Ralph de Bricassart, because they cannot express their love because Ralph is tied to his duties to the Catholic Church.<br />If you're going to read a book, make sure this is one on your list!
B00000099Y|5.0|the lyrics in this masterpiece are amazing.  This CD will keep you till the end.  Tool suprises me yet again with their wit and the lyrics that some may call insane.  This album is a must even if you are not a tool fan or have not heard any of their music.
6304458223|5.0|I am watching this movie as I write this review.  From the opening credits, you get a sense that this movie will offer something more than most movies.  The music by Mark Isham is haunting.  My only peave is that a soundtrack album was never released for this gorgeous score.  Anna Paquin and Jeff Daniels give stunning performances.  You will have a renewed faith in humankind and movies.
B000002C1V|5.0|The Final Cut was infact the last of the &quot;Real&quot; Pink Floyd.  Though many conisder it Roger Water's solo album, one will find it reminisant of such faithful ballads as &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; and &quot;Mother&quot;.  The album consists of 12 tracks with such relation to one and other, as you might find on THE WALL.  The entire album is seen through the eyes of a pathetic and self-loathing war boy, and clings to you with eerie detail not unlike ANIMALS.  Though, at times, you may find yourself wanting to tell Roger to &quot;shut up&quot;, at other times you are torn back with remarkable faith to find yourself looking at this album as a musical and poetic masterpiece.<br />The album creative and sad.  It does not lack glue or any other substance that would relate each track to itself.  The album is a sad masterpiece and cries in the name of peace and distinct sorrow for the story one man, of whom, the story is now being told.
0486236951|4.0|I had never tried whitework before buying this book, but I am glad to own it.  It contains a good introduction to the stitches involved in whitework.  I found I couldn't put it away - I actually wound up embroidering quilt squares so that I could try as many of the stitches as possible.  It helps to have a previous background in sewing and embroidery, but this is a good way to branch out.
B000059WH0|5.0|At first, I was shocked, when I heard this cd, but along the way I started to like this cd more and more, now it is one of my favourit Toto albums. First of all because this was totally diferent to what we were used to. Second, this was Jeff Porcaro's last album, he will always be the groove master. Third, On this Album, Steve Lukather really gets everything out of his musical closet. On this album, they showed us again, that these guys are the most talented musicians of their times.
B000056V73|5.0|I recently had the chance to see &quot;Almost Famous&quot;, and was suprised at how much I enjoyed it. Usually when a movie is raved about by the critics I, well quite honestly, usually ending up NOT liking it. However I found myself loving this movie. Patrick Fugit and Billy Crudup were fantastic, as well as Kate Hudson. Watching young &quot;William's&quot; journey from the beginning when he was so awestruck and beguiled by the rock n roll lifestyle, yet never fully succumbed to it, till he realized that their way of life and treatment of people was not always what it seemed was truly touching. Frances McDormands touching yet wacky turn as William's mother was entertaining, unfortunately she wasn't in it as much as I would have liked. I thought the whole cast was just fantastic in their parts. Jason Lee was almost unrecognizable in his Jim Morrison like appearance, but as usual his characters self centered humor was comical. As critical as I can be about movies and their performers I can't think of a negative point about this movie. Overall the movie deserved all the kudos and awards it received this last year.
0060207051|5.0|I had this book when I was a baby and my mother purchased it for my son.<br />It has become one of his favorite books and is a perfect way to end the day.  This book is a classic that everyone should have.
0792106989|5.0|There's an awful lot to like in this great John Ford western - I'll mention just a few things.  Vera Miles is simply remarkable.  John Wayne's typical rugged individualist is portrayed here as a tragic figure, which humanizes him and should make even those who dislike what Wayne stood for care about his character.  The film is absolutely true to the values and beliefs of the Old West, without sugarcoating, in its portrayal of gender roles, racial relations (Wayne refers to Woody Strode as his &quot;boy&quot;, yet he is a sympathetic character), use of oratory in political debate, and the concerns of the common citizens.  Yet Ford manages to confer dignity and respect even upon figures of fun such as Andy Devine's cowardly US marshall.  Why can't there be more films like this one?
B00003CXB2|5.0|A tremendous wonderful movie and the DVD version does it justice. This is my favorite movie and the DVD is so much better than the video. I can watch this movie many many times and each time I see something different. A masterpiece.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India.Arie arrives to the States with an explosion debuting at No. 10 on the Billboard Top 200 album chart....Wow!<br />I just saw a commercial for her album the other day, I liked the sounds I heard, and bought it, and can't stop listening to it.<br />India's soulful voice and rhythms give something back to the soul arena that has been missing for a long time.<br />All the songs are strong, standouts though are &quot;Video&quot;, &quot;Brown Skin&quot; and &quot;Wonderful&quot; a dedication to Stevie Wonder, and is it ever.<br />The album, the production, arrangement are top notch.  I predict India.Arie to be a star on the rise and hopefully for a long period - like Madonna.<br />India.Arie is a definite buy for the CD music collection.
B00005AAFS|5.0|This album is excellent. It has all the elements of a great CD. Musically it is very well organized and textured. Lyrically, it is wonderful even though it is also in German. They have dropped the crude subject matter of before with the exception of zwitter which pokes fun at homosexuals which would offend homosexuals much more than eminem because it is much  funnier; whereas eminem is just plain stupid. The lyrics of the other songs are pure poetry. No, I am not talking about the &quot;i'm lonely and my parents hate me poetry&quot; of american rock bands like godsmack and cold. This has style and beauty. Let me give a review of each song with a rating on a scale of 4.<br />Mein Hertz Brennt (My heart burns)-4/4-fun to listen to. violin arrangements and a nice beat accompanying the melody.<br />Links 2 3 4 (left 2 3 4) -3.5/4- An amazing industrial-metal song. Reminds me of KMFDM. Awesome riff.<br />Sonne (sun)-4/4-Melodic song with Till Lindemann going from an angry voice to a powerful melodic voice in the chorus. It also uses a cool sample of a female voice singing.<br />Ich Will (i want)-3/4-Typical Rammstein song with a strong edge and good angry vocals.<br />Feuer Frei (fire!)-4/4-Heavy, violent, tough song. enough said.<br />Mutter(mother) - 4/4-A song about the singer's mother. Heartfelt and powerful.<br />Spieluhr(game of time)4/4-Gloomy feel and good music.<br />Zwitter(hermaphrodite)-4/4-Awesome riff and funny lyrics make this a winning song.<br />Rein Raus-2.5/4-I forgot what the lyrics were about and what the song title was in english. This is a decent song, but doesnt stand out among the other great songs on here.<br />Adios (spanish for 'bye)-2/4-Most generic song on the cd. It still rocks though.<br />Nebel(fog)-4/4-Great closing track!!!!!!!!!!<br />This album is a masterpiece. No songs are bad and every time I listen to it I listen to the whole thing. I strongly advise you to buy it now.
0312084986|5.0|This is book was absolutely amazing! His stories and characters made me feel like I was right there. Being a gonna-be Veterinarian this is the best book for inspiration. It showed me the pros and cons of being a Vet while creating a warm story that I will always remember!
6302797535|4.0|Anyone who is a fan of the old fashioned detective mysteries will want to see this film.  It spoofs murder mysteries as several world famous detectives are invited to a mysterious house.  The detectives are thinly disguised versions of Nick and Nora Charles (the Thin Man), Hercule Poirot, Miss Marple, Charlie Chan, and Sam Spade.  They are told by their lisping host Truman Capote that a murder will take place at midnight, and they must try and solve it.  Can the great detective minds figure it all out?  Everyone in the all star cast seems to be having a good time, with especially funny bits provided by Peter Sellers as the Charlie Chan character, Maggie Smith as the Nora Charles character, Eileen Brennan as Spade's girlfriend, and Alec Guinness and Nancy Walker as the servants.  Some of the jokes are very obvious, but fans of the genre will enjoy the accurate spoofs plus the commentary supplied by Capote's character about the frustrations of solving the crimes in mystery novels.  This one is a lot of fun.
B000059XYL|5.0|Don't know why but can't stop watching this movie.  Love the story and the setting of the film
6304457391|5.0|There were a number of excellent political thrillers in the Sixties, and Seven Days in May is one of the best.  Fredric March stars as the President who is trying to push through a nuclear disarmament treaty, but he is meeting a lot of resistance.  Chief among them is General Burt Lancaster, who has decided to take over the government to continue building America's military.  Lancaster has developed an elaborate plan for his takeover, but his assistant, Kirk Douglas, has been left out.  When Douglas begins to suspect something, the tension starts to rise.  The plot sounds incredible, yet as written by the great Rod Serling and directed by John Frankenheimer, it is only too believable.  The performances are all top notch by the stars, while Ava Gardner as Lancaster's former mistress and Edmond O'Brien as an alcoholic senator supporting the treaty shine in supporting roles.  This is a smart movie that will take you back to a time not long ago when the Cold War had paralyzed the world.  This is the kind of intelligent, tense thriller I wish we could see more of these days.
B000002H6C|5.0|I have to wholeheartedly agree with everyone who said that this was their best album.  It is the most technical (go Lars), and the songwriting is great.  I say that it's their last album because, as far as I'm concerned, they haven't made anything since.  I was very pleased to see that the review from Genevieve Williams at the beginning of these reviews, under Editorial Reviews, said that they took a commercial turn after this album because that's exactly what happened.  I don't know who the people are on the subsequent albums that are calling themselves Metallica but they sure aren't the Metallica that I knew and loved.  Indeed, it would have been interesting to see what would have happened if they had stayed on the path that this album was going in.  Frankly, I think that with the success of the video for &quot;One&quot; they got a taste of commercial success and couldn't resist the temptation to &quot;go for it&quot; and sell out to the masses.  Oh well, I guess that what they've made since &quot;Justice&quot; has found great success with the &quot;middle-school crowd&quot;.
B000000W5H|5.0|Cause it's a Stone's album!  The most under-rated Stones album along with \\"Black & Blue\\".  Mick Taylor is at his finest and plays some of the best guitar leads on any Stones album.<BR>Taylor's swan song with the band is a must have...the Stones were never the same.
B000002UAX|5.0|What else is there to say that hasn't already been said? This is the Beatles 'magnum opus.' The &quot;White Album&quot; as it is commonly called, is one of the most complex, yet enjoyable Beatle records there is. Wonderful tracks fill this album, such as &quot;Dear Prudence,&quot; &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps,&quot; &quot;Blackbird,&quot; &quot;Julia,&quot; &quot;Yer Blues,&quot;(a greay blues song) &quot;Revolution 1,&quot; and &quot;Good Night&quot; This album is 30 songs worth of music, showing each seperate Beatles' true talent. After listening to this one all the way through, you're left amazed and surprisingly willing to go back and listen to all 30 songs over again. It's simply that awesome.
B00005AFVR|5.0|He wrote the songs; and cares about what he sings.  Every ouonce of his energy and &quot;soul&quot; seems to go into his performance.  If you have ever since Bruce live, you can imagine him up on stage as you listen to this album. Genuine and real.... Can't say that much in the days of corporate, &quot;unplugged&quot;, generic, MTV, VH-1 Behind The Music rock.  Gets better with each listen.
0385474547|1.0|Insomniacs unite! This book is better than sleeping pills because no matter how boring, confusing, or inane it happens to be, it can't kill you. (like Elvis) &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; will not react with any other medication, cause constipation, or male impotence. Once your problem is solved, you can use your copy of &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; for many other exciting uses, including lining the birdcage, picking up doggy doo, wrapping small presents, and placing pages in greeting cards to confuse your friends. In fact, &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; is great for many things, the least of which is reading (That is, if you don't have poblems sleeping, of course.)
B000000W5N|5.0|Keith Richards sells his soul...The Rolling Stones go into Muscle Shoals studio.  The rest is history.  No need for wordy over analysis by some top 1000 reviewer 'cause any real Stones fan knows you can't put Mick &amp; Keith into words. One of the top 5 albums of all-time...'nuff said.
B00000099Y|5.0|i think the beats in the beginning of the songs drag on too much, but i think the songs rock. songs like 46&amp;2, eulogy, stinkfist, hooker with a penis, aenima, and jimmy are good. undertow is also a good cd too. i'm a fan of grunge music, and i think that tool could go under grunge. i'm not a fan of a perfect circle. get this cd if you want to bang your head.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Absolutly amazing movie.  Great list of stars and an equally amazing script.  Would strongly recommend to anyone.
B00005AFVR|5.0|As the great DJ Kid Leo sate on by bootleg, &quot;Pound for pound, round for round, there ain't no finer band around-Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band.&quot;Amen to that Kid.
B00000JCB2|1.0|well, &quot;3 dollar bill...&quot; sucks, &quot;significant other&quot; sucks, &quot;chocolate starfish...&quot; sucks. just to say this is a touch better then &quot;chocolate starfish&quot;. but being a bit better then one of the most miserable albums around doesn't make this one good. the music itself is very simple, freds rapping isn't good at all, the lyrics are dumb etc. (i wrote the same about &quot;chocolate starfish..&quot;) i guess it is mainstream music, and that sucks almost always.
0812550757|4.0|Although this book was not as good as Ender's Game, it is still a great read. For a long while I could not put this book down because of the suspense and mystery. The book starts out with the planet Lusitania, a colonist planet settled Portegeuse Catholics, where the only other intelligent race, the Pequininos or piggies for short, live. At first the piggies are regarded as an animal and not a real race. The people study them and are fascinated with their culture.  But they cannot ask the piggies a direct question. Meanwhile Ender lives on the ice planet known as Trondheim. He is a speaker for the dead, but not the Speaker for the Dead because this book takes place over 3 thousand years in the future.
B00000J7JO|5.0|For 2 years alternative music was more or less dead.  Not since 1994 had there been a truly brilliant alternative rock album (Nirvana: Unplugged In New York).  The Chili Peppers last album &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; was worth a listen, but it failed to breakthrough like &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magic&quot; or even &quot;Mother's Milk&quot; did.  All of the sudden the single &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; was released and the buzz about RHCP began again.  Soon, &quot;otherside&quot; (probably in the top 3 songs on the album) was released and given best video of the year honors by VH1.  However, the title track &quot;Californication&quot; would be the megahit.  This is the most essential rock album of late to own.  The most moving song on the album (for me) is &quot;This Velvet Glove&quot;  where Anthony Kiedis' lyrics strike a profound emotion with &quot;it's such a waste to be wasted in the first place.&quot;  Showing how far the Chili Peppers have come with dealing with their heroin addictions.  Frusciante and Flea sizzle with the best guitar/bass magic this side of modern music.  For Old RHCP fans who miss the days of uplift mofo party plan or freaky styly, there is stuff here for you as well.  While the ballady singles may offend you, songs like &quot;get on top&quot; on &quot;right on time&quot; will send those old funky shivers down your spine once again.  Thank You, RHCP for reviving my faith in not just the alternative genre, but the future of music as well.
0380804557|5.0|&quot;Stardust&quot; won the Mythpoeic Award for best adult fairy tale.  After all, fairy tales are not just for kids.  And they're not for wimpy adults, either.  Just read &quot;The Hard Facts of the Grimms' Fairy Tales&quot; by Maria Tatar if you don't believe me.  &quot;Stardust&quot; has some pretty Grimm stuff in it too, however the only people who might not enjoy it are those who take Unicorns very very seriously.  Or are extremely fond of billy goats.<br />Gaiman's story begins and ends with a fair that will remind you of Christina Rossetti's &quot;Goblin Market&quot;:<br />&quot;Backwards up the mossy glen/ Turned and trooped the goblin men,/ With their shrill repeated cry,/ &quot;Come buy, come buy.&quot;.../ One set his basket down,/ One reared his plate;/ One began to weave a crown/ Of tendrils, leaves, and rough nuts brown/ (Men sell not such in any town);/ One heaved the golden weight Of dish and fruit to offer her:/ &quot;Come buy, come buy,&quot; was still their cry.&quot;<br />As Laura of &quot;Goblin Market&quot;-fame learned, it is better not to sample the merchandise at such  Unseelie gatherings.  Dunstan Thorn, who &quot;was not romantic&quot; learns this lesson too, when nine months after the &quot;Stardust&quot; fair, a baby is abandoned at the boundary between Faerie and the English village of Wall with his name pinned to its blanket.  Thus begins the story of Tristan Thorn who is raised as a proper Victorian lad until age seventeen.  Unlike his father, Tristan is romantic and at the bequest of the most beautiful girl in Wall, he sets out on a quest through the Land of Faerie to fetch her a fallen star.  Not just any fallen star, but the one Tristan and Victoria both saw on the night she refused to kiss him.<br />&quot;Stardust&quot; is stuffed with stock fairy tale creatures who have been blown loose from their moorings and brought to life in the most wildly imaginative way.  Some of them make only token appearances, but all are memorable.  Two of the most poignant are the boy who is turned into a billy goat, and a billy goat, turned into a boy.  There are three truly evil witches, and one who is only so-so wicked.  There are....well, read the book.  Even if you aren't drinking while you read it, you'll feel drunk by the time you finish.<br />If ever there was a book that could be labeled, 'Drink me!', &quot;Stardust&quot; is that book.<br />P.S.  The cover has nothing to do with the storywo of the most poignant are the boy who is turned into a billy goat, and a billy goat, turned into a boy.  There are three truly evil witches, and one who is only so-so wicked.  There are....well, read the book.  Even if you aren't drinking while you read it, you'll feel drunk by the time you finish. <br />If ever there was a book that could be labeled, 'Drink me!', &quot;Stardust&quot; is that book.<br />P.S.  The cover has nothing to do with the story
B000021XR5|3.0|I hadn't heard much STP at all before this album, so I am basing my review solely on the sound and emotion this particular album involkes for me.  A lot of No. 4 is heavy, and at times, just a bit to repetitive.  However, the true jem of this album is without a doubt &quot; I Got You&quot;, though &quot;Sour Girl&quot; is a close second.  If your in a bit of a angry mood &quot;down&quot; may strike a chord or 2 with you.  But the ballads are without a doubt the stars of this album, and i'm sorry, but there just aren't enough of them.  However its pretty much worth buying the album just for &quot;I got you.&quot;  I dont buy albums for a single song, but it is just that good.
B00005214X|5.0|I have had a soft spot for this album from the time I first heard it eight or nine years ago. I have more than once entertained the (admittedly impossible) notion of what might have happened if, in early 1969, rather than persist with the misguided and dismal &quot;Get Back/Let It Be&quot; debacle, the other Beatles had deferred to the quality of George's songs (many of these songs had been written by that point), and recorded this album before Abbey Road, or what if they had made Abbey Road a double, re-recording the best of the Lennon and McCartney &quot;Get Back&quot; tunes under proper conditions, and boosting the collection with some of George's fine songs presented here? But that's all just speculation...<br />Much has been written about the re-mastering and re-packaging of this album. There are a few comments I'd like to add: The reviewer who comments that in the process of removing &quot;hiss,&quot; the engineers have destroyed this album is completely out of line. Anyone who has ever heard either the original vinyl or the previous CD version of this album cannot deny that the re-mastering of this album is stellar, rivalling the wonderful job performed by Columbia/Legacy on the entire Byrds catalog. There are instrumental parts on this album that I had never heard before listening to this version, and I for one am delighted with the re-mastering, finding nothing wrong with the balance between the high or low ends. The new ATMP is especially great on headphones. <br />Some reviewers have made disparaging remarks about Phil Spector's original production of this album, calling it muddy or overblown. It is easy to charcterize everything Spector worked on as &quot;wall of sound,&quot; but is not really accurate. &quot;Let It Down&quot; and &quot;Wah-Wah&quot; are certainly intricate productions featuring many instruments, but they can't be considered &quot;wall of sound&quot; proper. By 1970, when ATMP was recorded, Spector had moved beyond any characterizable sound - that year, he also produced John Lennon's &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; album, which is in no way a &quot;wall of sound.&quot; (for the true &quot;wall of sound,&quot; check out Spector's productions ca. 1965, on such cuts as &quot;Just Once in My Life&quot; by the Righteous Brothers, &quot;This Could Be the Night&quot; by the Modern Folk Quartet, &quot;Is This What I Get For Loving You?&quot; by the Ronettes, and, of course, &quot;River Deep, Mountain High&quot; by Ike &amp; Tina Turner - these cuts are the true &quot;wall of sound, in all of its oppressive glory). ATMP is maybe, at it's most orchestral, a &quot;curb of sound. Some of the instrumental passages on this album are tremendously good, and much of that has to do with Spector: the manner in which the horns surge out of the lovely acoustic guitar intro to &quot;Run of the Mill,&quot; the interplay between the slide guitar and piano on &quot;Behind That Locked Door,&quot; and there are many more. I am delighted that George didn't re-mix the album (especially given the testimony of his judgment afforded by &quot;My Sweet Lord (2000)&quot;) - Spector's original mixes provide these songs a scale and splendor that they deserve, and I doubt that any re-mixing could really improve them - although I have always wanted the horns on &quot;Wah-Wah&quot; a bit more prominent. A fantastic production, a fantastic collection of tunes. I'm jealous of those just coming to the album for the first time - they get to hear a much better version than has ever been previously available.<br />The packaging, however, is a bit dodgy: the cardboard sleeves do not provide great protection for the discs. As far as the booklet goes, George's notes are charming, but it would have been nice to have track-by-track musician credits and recording dates, instead of a more general listing of which musicians played on the album. Anyone giving it a proper listen could tell that it was an embryonic Derek and the Dominoes backing on many tracks - Eric Clapton's presence literally screams at you on tracks like &quot;Art of Dying.&quot; I have long harbored a suspicion that George's friend (and co-writer of &quot;I'd Have You Anytime&quot;) Bob Dylan is playing harmonica on &quot;Apple Scruffs&quot; - there is no credit for any harmonica player even on this re-issue, and my suspicion remains. <br />As regards the jam that comprised the third disc of the original LP set, my feelings will never change - it's an indulgent mess that most people will seldom listen to, although it sounds like it was huge fun for the musicians performing it. The jam does nothing to dilute the majesty of the proper songs on the album, and if you don't like it, you can skip it. <br />As far as the newly released  tracks are concerned, \\"I Live For You\\" is a lovely country-style outtake, with some beautiful steel guitar work. The backing track for \\"What is Life\\" is interesting. The new version of \\"My Sweet Lord\\" is pretty much a throwaway. My only real complaint here is what is not included. There are demo recordings, like the two included here, for many of the songs on the original album: they are uniformly excellent, and would have made a great third disc, or they could have rounded out the playing times on the two existing discs. Disc one is 62 minutes, disc two is 66 minutes. Some of the demos could have been used to round out these discs to a full 78 or 80 minutes. Oh well. What is included is excellent. <br />Two additional tracks recorded during the original sessions for this album can be found on Eric Clapton's &quot;Crossroads&quot; box set: &quot;Roll It Over,&quot; and &quot;Tell the Truth.&quot; Spector again produces, and Clapton sings on these tracks. George's involvement is strictly as a guitar player - but they are mentioned for those who want to hear more from this remarkable band.
B00005A1PR|5.0|Sistah India.Arie joins Jill Scott, Meshell N'Degeocello, Lauryn Hill and the other gifted few who make up the elite class of diva/poet/vocalists with a conscience and a heart-full of talent. India.Arie's vocals are earthy, vibrant, resonant and replete with a soul-filled flavor that is both unique and familar. The lyrics are the icing AND the cake. Meaningful, thoughtful, playful, introspective and powerful. Buy (don't burn) your copy today!<br />Tonya Marie Evans, spoken word recording artist and author of SHINE! and Seasons of Her
B00004U8JU|5.0|If you need a reference DVD for component out video and DTS surround, this is it.  Looks and sounds fantastic.  It's not Hi-def but it's nice.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Watching the drug trafficing world from the eyes of Traffic is sitting and observing, but not interfering. Traffic tells a story, at times exciting, at times thoughtful, but never typical. Some might find traffic slow, others will find it overrated. However If you go expecting an ineresting documentery, type movie you will never be bored.<br /> Traffic is actually about it's characters. Many major players, who all have seperate lives and separate stories. Some of them never meet, some of them will connect for but seconds, yet they are all linked. On human terms, it shows many people going through their drug related crisis and progressing through their lives. Not everyone has a drug related problem, but that doesn't mean they are not affected by it.<br /> The most impressive thing about this movie, is that it doesn't try to push it's concepts on to you. If you gulp, you won't enjoy it. If you sip slowly and savour it, it may the best movie you have tasted.     It tells a story of drug trafficing from both sides of the border, both sides of the law, and both sides of the aarguement. At the end of the movie, nothing changes, except the maturity of it's characters.
0553573403|5.0|Don't buy this book or start reading it if you are not prepared at the least to stay up all night reading it, and at the most to call in sick to work so that you don't have to put it down! This is a great story, with well-crafted characters and believeable dialogue and events.  Even the 'bad guys' have many character dimensions, and the story's sleight of hand will keep you guessing and delightedly reading.
B00000I07R|4.0|My absolute favorites of Bon Jovi were '7800,' 'Slippery When Wet,' and 'New Jersey.' I don't feel anything he made afterwards quite matched these efforts. Now in my opinion William Shakespeare reached the height of his abilities with his 'Macbeth' and 'King Lear.' After these 2 phenomenal plays, he wrote 8 more before he died in 1616. I don't feel any of these 8 final plays matched the 2 mentioned masterpieces. But does this mean William Shakespeare should not have written them? Ofcourse not! Even if a great writer or composer writes a masterpiece that he won't be able to quite match, that does not mean he should stop creating. And there are many things that make this record worth listening to. It consists of a wide range of music from moderate rock, to beautiful slow music, and even a square dance type song. And do we really know a composer if we only listen to his absolute best stuff? If you like Bon Jovi, you will not want to miss this record. 2nd best is still great!
B000021Y77|5.0|This movie is great entertainment that has not much to do with the high budget Hollywood flicks; it is very interesting and well done. The language is not the most important part of the movie so I would suggest to watch it in its original, German; but for  those who want the english version, you can change the language preferences on  the DVD.  The mix of &quot;the real&quot; with the surreal  is not only achieved through the action of the actors and through the repetition of the possible variations of the same 15 minutes, but also through smooth passages in and out of a cartoon world where the action continues.  At the end I was left with thoughts of randomness of life.
030716327X|5.0|I love this book to bits! I am 21yr old art student and I am doing a painting relating to my childhood and the wideeyed wonder I used to view the world with. I began thinking about my favorite books and this one is by far the most memorable. Its so heartbreakingly wonderful - I haven't seen one for well over 10 yrs now but I could still describe to you every page.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I got this CD last Friday and have already listened to it several times. Moby has a unique gift. I love every song on this album from the opening of &quot;Honey&quot; with the interesting vocals to the haunting sounds  of &quot;My Weakness&quot;. He's the only person who is out there that makes real music anymore  it often seems. BUy thisCD even if you're not a fan of his because you will be after you listen to it.
0399146253|1.0|The Last Princinct takes up where Black Notice left off.  It's a long, wordy, BORING and ultra detailed book about Kay Scarpetta and all her selp absorption.  Has she always been this obsessed with herself.  I didn't think so through earlier books, but this one is still waiting to be finished.
6304602979|4.0|This was a great movie. This showed trust and betrayal all over the place. The best is the finale when they have a shootout in the hollywood directors hotel room.
B00004TRD8|5.0|T2: Ultimate Edition is without a doubt the best DVD ever made. The three featurettes that cover the filmaking process are incredible, also there's plenty of cast and crew interviews, 4 trailers, deleted scenes, and tons more. <br />The movie itself is simply amazing. It's high energy entertainment with an actually emotional plot behind all the violence and guns and so forth. This DVD is worth every penny, so stop reading and just buy it. You won't regret it.
B00004Z459|5.0|good lyrics, tight beats, its good, get it. f**k the guy in the red hat, he should have his a$$ beaten. listen to linkin park, toss the bizkit, its limp.
0792833201|5.0|I watched this movie years ago as a kid and it scared the hell out of me! It still scares me when I watch it today. The special effects are considered cheesy by today's standards but it still packs a punch.<br />The Freelings are a typical surburban family living in a typical neighborhood until weird disturbances(poltergeists!) occur in their house. The Freelings, not being very smart(I'd move out!) don't really mind these disturbances until their the ghosts attack one night and their youngest daughter is sucked into the TV set!<br />Getting help from parapychologists(not quite Ghostbusters), they try to get their daughter back. Very scary stuff as the ghosts fight back! The movie as I mentioned still is very scary and packs quite a punch. However, it also shows a mother's love for her daughter and all she would do to get her back. Sentimental stuff. A+
B00004Z4SD|5.0|Simply put this film is a beautiful slice of life. There is nothing flashy here but at the end you'll hopefully feel moved and very fufilled. I did.
B00000099Y|4.0|By now every NIN, Tool, or even new APC fan who didn't like Tool owns this. Actually, it took me a long long time to get used to this. Maybe three months before I even took a chance for Tool. Each song is awesome, which songs like H. make you addicted. At least for me. And have you seen their music videos? Freaky. This is about THAT unique.<br />Also pick up A Perfect Circle's Mer de Noms, a more feminine, right-brained type album, compared to Tool's masculan left-brained type album.<br />And, it would be very easy to admire Maynard. He is unlike most people in the scene. And this only sold TWO million albums? There should have been more. Instead of only listening to pop. Get this if you're a metal fan.
B000002UB6|5.0|This couldn't be better. This is the real motion picture soundtrack. I have the movie. This album is is all from the movie. My favorites are Let it Be, Two of Us, Get Back, I Me Mine, I've Got a Feeling, One after 909, and the Long and Winding Road. The only song not on here is Don't Let Me Down. This was called &quot;Get Back&quot; before Phil Spector took charge. This is great anyway. I really enjoy it.
0670880728|5.0|I just finished this hilarious book and I must say that (as a man) I loved every minute of it.  I can easily see how so many ladies out there relate to Bridget and all her misadventures.  However, I can truly say that many men (myself included) can also relate to her low self esteem, attempts at fighting vices, and her traumatic search for a lasting romantic relationship.  Bridget is one of the most truly human characters that I've met in any of my literary adventures.  I recommend this book to anyone that has a pulse.  You won't regret reading it.  It is a must read! A+
B000002UB6|2.0|Imagine if you will for a second that 'Let It Be' had been released by a band other than the Beatles.  Let's call the band Ordnance &amp; the Surveys.  Now, 'Let It Be' is Ordnance &amp; the Surveys' debut recording and it is released in 1970 when heavy rock and progressive music rules the chart.  Ordnance &amp; the Surveys' album is a ramshackle collection of inconsequential jams interspered with the occasional - yes, that's occasional - moment of songwriting mastery.  The title track is wonderful, as is 'Across The Universe'.  'The Long And Winding Road' is marred by over-production but is nevertheless listenable and 'Get Back' is a palatable single.  Ordnance &amp; the Survey's album is badly produced and woefully out of touch with the trends of the time.  Except 'Let It Be' was actually released by the Beatles, a band almost universally regarded as the greatest in the world and critics and fans mourning their demise heaped praise on a record which, taken as a whole album, can only really be described as average.  Four good songs do not a great album make.  When, oh when will people learn that it's OK to dislike some of the Beatles' output?  I happen to be unmoved by a quite significant part of the fab four's work.  Prior to their alleged tendency to ingest certain psychedelic drugs they were a disposable pop group.  If 'Revolver', 'Sgt. Pepper's . . .', 'Magical Mystery Tour', 'The Beatles' and 'Abbey Road' constituted the brilliant drug-induced high then 'Let It Be' represents the come-down - messy, unpalatable and embarrassing.
B000056VIY|1.0|Jennifer Lopez is a prime example of what is wrong with the music industry.  She cannot sing, write songs, or produce.  The only reason she is successful is because she prances around half naked and sells the same crappy and tiresome music that is already out there.  Find some real music!
B000001BZT|5.0|When it comes to reviewing a Steve Earle album, it's hard for me an objective reviewer. I like virtually everything this hardcore troubour has done. This album in particular though, seperated him from Nashville for good, and established him as a country rebel with a rock and roll attitude. On his first two albums &quot;Guitar Town&quot; and &quot;Exit O&quot;, Earle had his feet planted in country, but with a little hard twang here and there. On Copperhead Road though, he brings out a full arsenal of guitars, big drums, and slick production. The hardest rockin' song here is the title tune &quot;Copperhead Road&quot;, which starts out innocently enough with it's bagpipes and mandolin intro, but then turns into a full-tilt rocker that sets the tone for the rest of the album. &quot;The Devil's Right Hand&quot;, with it's barrage of steel and six string guitars, is a classic that has long been a staple of his live shows. A couple other standout tracks are &quot;You Belong To Me&quot;, with it's irresistable &quot;not fade away&quot; beat, and &quot;Waiting On You&quot;, with the deep bass drum sound and big time production, is a beautifully arranged song that sounds fresh everytime I hear it. The album ends with the beautiful &quot;Nothing But A Child&quot;, which has Earle singing a duet with the lovely Maria Mckee. For me, &quot;Copperhead Road&quot; is the cadillac of all rockin' country records. It helped pave the way for many of the alternative country rock acts we have today. I fondly remember this album as being the last record I bought on vinyl, and one of the first I bought when I converted over to CD's. It's a true classic that is a must have if you're a Steve Earle fan.
B00004STPT|5.0|every now and again, a piece of music like this appears, knocking me flat. it stands up as a piece in its own right, although seeing the film does help- i get the distinct feeling that the writers were genuinely inspired by the film rather than sounding like 'jobbing' composers with a deadline and a paycheque (common these days). another reviewer commented on its similarity to Holst's 'Planets' - and yes, there are a few nods in Holst's direction, but then (at least in western music) there are only 11 distinct notes, and they've all been around for some time now. i think the task of writing a piece with melody, which is utterly original, is quite impossible these days. this music is up there with the best of them
B00003CXE6|5.0|I usually don't bother writing movie reviews, as I find that there are plenty to go around in the first place. However, after seeing &quot;Gladiator&quot; last night, I have been unable to keep away from giving the world my opinion.<br />From  start to finish, &quot;Gladiator&quot; is a fantastic epic with a powerful storyline and awesome acting. Before seeing it, I was skeptical as to it winning the Academy Award. However, after seeing it I would put it up against any of the Best Picture nominations SINCE TITANIC.<br />After watching it at my uncle's house, I am going out to buy it today. I urge you to do the same. 'Nuff said.
052594527X|1.0|It is a testament to Vermeer that this book is even picked up off the shelf. The cover art intrigues the writing does not. How it made best sellers list is beyond my reading of it. I sat it  down but I made myself finish it as I kept hoping that a plot would develop, a hook, a surprise, a twist. In the end the only thing intriquing was (re)Greit's laundry list. The detail of it read like a Melville Novel. For an interesting heroine and wonderful word tapestries read Ahab's wife: The Star Gazer. As for the pearl earring save the jacket.
B00005AFVR|5.0|The E-Street Band is simply the best and most exciting band in the rock world right now. This CD captures the thrill of the reunion.  I gave it  five stars, but there are a few problems, like the version of the river, not his best, and the version of U.S.A. needs to be electric.  Of course it was good thing to include Born To Run. Overall the CD is great and worth the money just to have American Skin!<br />AWESOME...THE BOSS IS BACK!!!!!
B00003CXMG|5.0|In the past 18 months I have seen two films which I absolutely adore......Almost Famous and Magnolia. When this movie was passed up for Best Picture, I was convinced that the flakes in LALA Land have no sense of what great picture making is.<br />The acting.......Kate Hudson is remarkably talented. Her charisma and talent just oozed out of that screen. No one can accuse this lady of floating by on her famous parents reputations. Ditto for Frances McDormand. She never ceases to amaze me. Billy Crudup, Patrick Fugit, Phillip Seymour Hoffman, and the rest of the cast were equally terrific.<br />Though the DVD was not the director's cut (which I will definitely buy when it is released), I was absolutely in love with this one. It's like dating a guy who is the best, but with each date or viewing I keep getting more infatuated. I've seen this three times now, and it just keeps getting better.<br />The time test.....this would have been set around the time I was in college. A friend who is 15 years older than I saw this and had the same reaction. So did my 14 year old son and my husband. <br />Keep up the good work, Cameron Crowe!
0767827015|5.0|I thought where I live was bad, but compared to how Singleton described Long Beach, I was dead wrong.  This movie is a great portrayal of life in one of America's toughest slums.  If you live in Irvington, Plainfield, or Sparta NJ, check out this video.  You'll see where we live aint that bad.  I'm out.
B000005Z0G|5.0|Most people will say 2pac was in his prime during the days he was with Death Row, well im not so sure, because i belive Suge Knight and his label were 2pac's downfall. To this Day i have always thought this album was him at his very peak, before he started to dis people for the sake of it. This album showed his anger being directed through political comment, instead of abuse. Many tracks here contain his views on racisum, the police and of course his usual thug life tales. The Differnce? well here its down with such fury and emotion it really hits home, these were the days when he could make u think. The major succes is the album is also diverse, along with political rage, he raps for the ladies, for parties and for all the thugs. Some may say he did the same on all his albums, and i would agree, just this one stands out for 3 reasons;<br />1&gt; The production is furious, funky and fresh, its accompanies 2pac's voice far better than the Death Row sound<br />2&gt; He picks exactly the right guest rappers on the songs. e.g: Ice Cube &amp; Ice-T appear on Any Last Werdz and add to the songs rage element perfectly. His old crew Digital Underground guest on I Get Around which was great to hear.<br />3&gt; It was 2pac before he thought he needed to prove to the world he was a real thug, He was just rapping about the things he cared about, something i think he lost in his later career.<br />To summarise, If you do not own any 2pac albums, get this one, if youre not a fan, give this a shot, it might just change your mind. The Album also features the song &quot;Holla if ya hear me&quot; which i think will always be the song I will remember 2pac for, its just so good.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Rented this one last night on DVD, started watching it at about 9:45, fully prepared to pause it when Saturday Night Live came on. Well, that ...... not only didn't get paused, I ended up reading those priceless Rolling Stone Interviews until 3 AM! While not quite American Graffiti, it was still an excellant movie. I agree that the voters for the Acadamy awards were too busy fawning over Russell Crowe to give this one a fair shot, but that's ok, we the folks who really appreciate Almost Famous, know a good movie when we see one. I am only two years younger than Crowe, and this movie took me right back to the 70's, and rock's last blast. Now, here is my only criticism of this movie, and it is a serious one. By naming the fictional band \\"Stillwater\\", they have stolen the identity of the real 70's band of that name. The real Stillwater was Capricorn Records' stablemate of the Allman Brothers., Fronted by Jimmy Hall, Stillwater had a hit with a song called \\"Mindbender\\" co-written by Buddy Buie of The Atlanta Rhythm Section back in 1977. Very cool song, the chorus, \\"My daddy was a Gibson, my mama was a Fender, that's why they call me, Mindbender..\\" was sung through a talkbox, ala Joe Walsh and Peter Frampton. (I am surprized that Cameron Crowe overlooked or ignored that. Plus, in a search on online, I have found another band named Stillwater, with a CD released in 1998. Hence, my opening question, Just how many Stillwaters are there? Well time to watch this one again, Almost Famous is 2 hours well spent. I think I'm gonna have to go out and buy this one.
B000003TA4|5.0|I look at the reviews, and a lot of people say that this album sucks and that they hate it and it's boring and not at all musical.  I, however, disagree.  This album made me who I am.  It brought out everything inside me which was hidden.  It is the epitome of teenage angst albums.  Some of you may like Smashing Pumpkins or Pearl Jam or Metallica, and I do too, but this album offers something special: 12 absolutely perfect songs which could not sound better in a million years.<br />Track 2: In Bloom Good guitar, good bass, insightful lyrics which discuss doing things because they're popular when you don't understand them.<br />Track 3: Come as you Are Amazing bass line, lyrics are about a paranoid individual who wants people to remove their social &quot;masks&quot; and talk to him openly.<br />Track 4: Breed Raw power.<br />Track 5: Lithium Lyrically ingenious, Cobain sees inside the mind of a manic depressant (or just a depressed teenager) and shows the world.  A good bass help this song mature into a classic.  Lyrics can make you cry.<br />Track 6: Polly A depressing song (with amazing guitar) about a girl who was raped and killed.<br />Track 7: Territorial Pissings More raw power, with an awesome guitar line and lyrics about being alienated from the world.<br />Track 8: Drain You Can you say brilliant?  A love and lust song with a medical twist -- Drain You truly grasps the heart of a young lover who wants his girlfriend and holds it forever.<br />Track 9: Lounge Act Musically, the beginning is wonderful.  A song about being boring to other people.<br />Track 10: Stay Away Begins with an extraordinary drum solo.  As the title suggests, this song is about wanting to be left alone, but once you are alone, you begin to feel unloved.<br />Track 11: On a Plain The worst song on the album, and still extraordinary.  Insightful lyrics coupled with a good guitar.<br />Track 12: Something in the Way A song about never getting what you need because there are obstacles in your way which you can never pass.  Beautiful guitar and vocals.  This song always, ALWAYS changes your mood.<br />Trakc 1: Smells Like Teen Spirit The most amazing song of all time.  Yes, people say Cobain himself didn't like this song.  And many hardcore Nirvana fans don't like this song.  But I believe that it captures my heart in a way no other song can do.  The opening guitar which continues through the song never fails to amaze me when I hear it.  The lyrics seem like they are from my own heart, and encompass everything which I ever feel.  This song never fails to cheer me up when I hear it.  It is truly my anthem.
B000056NX4|2.0|The new movie is very disappointing.  It isn't as thoughtful, interesting, or intelligent as the music that it is set to.  Gale Edwards, the director and brains behind the film obviously doesn't have a clue about what real drama is, for she views it as clueless expressions on Glenn Carter's blanked face.  Speaking of which, Glenn Carter as Jesus Christ, has a great voice and a nice chiseled chin, but he plays the role with little emotional depth.  An example of this is in the &quot;Arrest,&quot; when Peter and the rest of the apostles say &quot;hang on lord we're gonna' fight for you,&quot; and he says &quot;stick to fishing for now on&quot; sweetly, without the sarcasm and irony that was intended.  There are no locations, so it is just a filmed play, with the same drab sets in almost every scene.  I wonder why they bothered filming this, when they could have just filmed a performance of the Broadway revival.  The 1973 film has a lot more thought and better performances.  Jerome Pradon as Judas is the only true professional; he sings and acts the part with as much intelligence and expertise that the rest of the film so desperately needs.  All in all, I think JCS fans should see this, but don't count on not being disappointed.
B000056K04|3.0|Reviewers on these pages seem divided into two groups - those who are happy to have a decent new pop album to listen, and DMB fans who are disappointed that these songs took the place of familiar new material on the &quot;lillywhite sessions&quot;.  What's the bottom line for your average music fan?  <br />Unfortunately, DMB fans are right - Everyday is not a particularly good album.  It starts out well enough, but by about track 6, it just dies. Complaining about it being a new sound for the band completely misses the point.  It's not that there are no long jams or little contribution from the violin and saxophone players, it's simply that these songs were written over the course of little more than a week, and it shows.  If you like Matchbox 20, you'll be happy enough with Everyday.  But if you appreciate intricate playing and unique song writing, this album will fail to satisfy.<br />Happily, the complete 14 song Lillywhite Session is available through any online file sharing service - try either Napster or Bear Share.  The production quality is a bit poor, but the musicianship is wonderful.  These songs were written by the band and honed over the course of a long summer tour, and it shows.  Yes, many of these songs a melancoly, but great art is born in the soul, not in the recording studio. One day these songs will be officially released and a new group of fans will hear some of the best material this band has ever recorded.
068483605X|5.0|I'd like to start this review by confessing the embarrassing fact that - for most of my life - I thought this book was about a sinking ship. That's right, get it all out of your system so I can start with the meat. Now, at least there should be no dispersions cast against my honesty.<br />I began this book in a doctor's office and ended it in my easy chair. I read it everywhere in between. That's what a good book does to you. It takes you by the throat and demands to be read. It whispers in your ear from your nightstand and soon you've lost another hour, then two of sleep. It's like a chemically addictive habit that you don't want to quit. Except there's no guilt. Nothing but clean pleasure. <br />For those who don't know and would like to be saved the feeling of appearing stupid, this book is about a rabbit pilgrimage from a safe warren, aristocratically ruled, to a new warren, free and self ruled for the most part. To call it allegorical is nothing new or brilliant. To enjoy the story for its sleek elements and vigorous imaginative style is necessary. This is a book of the purest raw creativity I've read in years. Yet, I feel I learned a little about the ways of the rabbit in the process. We have a few of the little fellars in out backyard from time to time, a nest of cottontails under out workshop. I look at them differently now. Crazy as it sounds, I look at them with respect.<br />This is an epic Tokienian tale that surprises and warms. You feel everything the rabbits go through and you find yourself rooting for them at every foul turn. They are the underdogs and you cannot help but feel a kinship with them. Not only because they are loveable and persevering, but because, by and large, they are right in their ideals and pursuits. They are led from intelligence rather than might or popularity or class. They are the quintessential idealistic Americans of colonial times. You can almost hear Patrick Henry screaming his decisive aphorism from the pages.  <br />Adamsweaves a delightful, yet decidedly adult story and in the end you learn as much about humans as you do about rabbits. Perhaps more. There is a short glossary of Lapine terms that Adams refers to often. While this went a long way to irritate me at first, it's worth it. A single line in the last few pages more than justifies its existence. You'll have to trust me on this.<br />If you haven't given yourself a present lately, buy this book.
B00000GAIW|1.0|Jethro Tull's worst would come a few years later with &quot;A Passion Play,&quot; but this rates as their second worst.  The songs are all overblown, pretentious, and grating.  Ian Anderson apparently felt divinely called to try to trash the Christian faith one-handed.  He makes a fool of himself.  &quot;Aqualung,&quot; &quot;Cross-Eyed Mary,&quot; and a few others are good songs, but the bad outweighs the good on this one.  Buy their first three, or their later (excluding &quot;Passion Play&quot;) including &quot;Thick As A Brick.&quot;  THIS WAS one of the great bands, a great band of musicians, always exciting in concert, and makers of great albums.  This is the bad apple of the bunch.  Avoid it like the plague.
B000001ELF|5.0|I had this on vinyl back in the day. I forgot how great this CD rocked!! This is BY FAR the best of the 4 KISS solo albums. It's some of Ace's best playing. His vocals and lyrics are great. My personel fave's are Rip it out, Speeding back to my baby, Ozone, and NY Groove. Check this out if you like GREAT rock and roll!!
B000056NX5|5.0|As a Catholic, I was worried about the true content of the story. I have to admit that certain parts of the musical are a bit disturbing.  I was very uncomfortable with the relationship between Jesus and Mary Magdaline.  It was diffucult to see Jesus being kissed and stroked by a prostitute.  Furthermore, to see Jesus in a tank-top and cargo pants was hard to swallow.<br />Some parts of the movie make you uncomfortable, and yet some parts will drive you to tears.  The music is among the best that Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber has ever written.  The entire ending of the story is based upon Jesus' death.  If you have never seen Jesus die in a movie before, this picture will make you realize the enormous amout of pain that Jesus went through for the sake of man.<br />You will ache with pain for days.  Seeing Jesus denied, betrayed, flogged, and then crucified will bring you to your knees and then slap you in the face.  You will see what the King of Kings suffered for everyone.<br />Many people who are unfamiliar with the film love the song &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar&quot;.  I assure you that when you see this film, you will cry during the entire number.  Although it is upbeat, it is at the same time the most heart-wrenching scene you will ever experience.  You become Jesus and you are the one being crucified!  Everyone in the film is making fun of you!<br />Do not let your children watch this film.  The death of Christ is very graphic.  True Christians will be very uncomfortable, but very inspired. It may not be the true story, but you will realize what Christ went through to save you! <br />Superstar Rocks!  (Uncomfortably, but in no doubt!)
B00004Z459|5.0|even thought this band might sound like limp bizkit i think it a really good cd and thay have more rock in thary music than limp bizkit. i liked a lot.my only problem whit the cd is that it a lot to short but a long the songs  are good who cares.people who like rock should buy this cd.
0451198492|5.0|2001 has since it's premier, been my favorite SF work of all time.  Following my seeing the film, I bought the book.  The novel was very different from the film (Saturn instead of Jupiter) but still an excellent rendering of a vision of a still possible future.  It is not so much translation of Kubrick's film, but rather a reflection.  Reading it gives answers to many questions and raises new questions in the process.  Although this work exists only independently of ACC's later 3 sequels, it stand's on it's own and is a must for any SF fan.<br /><br />But I still do wish Clarke had gone back and wrote a parallel novelization of the film.  It would make the reading of the sequels a little less confusing for the readers who didn't or can't see the film.<br /><br />Now let's get something straight: THIS BOOK IS NOT OUT OF PRINT!  Why do they say that?
B00000JZIK|1.0|This is the most painfully boring movie I have ever seen.  And I hardly ever get bored, I watch everything from spy movies to documentaries on rodents.  A good movie has to give some reason to be interested in what happens, a &quot;carrot&quot; to lead the viewer on to the rest of the movie, and The Usual Suspects holds back until the last five minutes.  But by then it is an hour and a half too late.<br />The &quot;suprise&quot; clincher ending could have saved it, if it had occured after the first 45 minutes.  After an hour I started checking my watch wondering when the agony would be over.  Watching cars drive by on the highway would have been more entertaining.  <br />It probably doesn't help that I saw the last five minutes on TV before I saw the movie.
B00000099Y|5.0|I got this after hearing Maynard on the Deftones' White Pony. At the time, I was looking for stuff not as heavy as Korn, my former favorite band, but not too soft. Well, this is the album I wanted.     There are actually nine songs, not fifteen, on this CD. The others are all filler tracks that make the transitons between songs a lot smoother. The best example of this is hearing a riff on Intermission, and then immediatly hearing the same one on Jimmy. Unlike what the official review says, they do NOT sound the same as one another. Instead, they easily flow into one another to make one gigantic 80 minute song. You really can't pick out favorite songs on this, because they're all good. If I had to choose, though, I'd probably go with the phillosophy, &quot;the longer, the better,&quot; and choose the epic Third Eye as my favorite, and the fast, furious Hooker with a P**** as my least favorite. If you want to sample this album by downloading songs, though, I'd recommend H (best example of Adam and Justin's talent at guitar and bass) and 46 &amp; 2 (best example of Danny's talent at the drums). Get this album as soon as possible. If you don't have it, you don't know what you're missing.
B000007T1M|5.0|To be honest, my first review of SOAD's self-titled wasn't very thourough. Now that they (finally) have a new album coming out, I thought I'd rereview it. <br />SOAD is definately one of the most interesting and creative new bands I've come across. They're not your average &quot;rapcore&quot; band. Hell, they don't even fall in that category. In case you're wondering why a lot of its themes center around Armenia, all of its members are of Armenian descent, and their politics center around their homeland.  As for the band itself, Serj has a voice that's pretty much unparalled from anyone out there. One on track, he can go from screaming to singing like your CD player is on twice the speed, to singing with a nice, mellow voice. Daron's crunching guitars add a lot to the band's sound, while Shavo's bass playing and John's drums contribute a lot to the atmosphere. And let's not forget the presence of uber-producer Rick Rubin, either. <br />The best song on here is Suggestions, without a doubt. Know and Spiders are close seconds, while Ddevil shows how multi-ranged Serj's voice is. Suite-Pee and Sugar also are some great, head-banging tunes. P.L.U.C.K. (Politically Lying, Unholy, Cowardly Killers) is a song that sums up SOAD's cause. My only complaint is that the CD starts to kind of wind down after track 6, but that doesn't mean that that's a bad thing. This CD, still, should be a part of any metal listener's collection. <br />One other thing I should mention is that System puts on one hell of a live show. They're just as energetic on stage as they are on their CD. If the songs I've heard that might be on their new CD (Metro, Marmalade, ChickNstew, etc) are any indication, the next CD is going to be killer. Can't wait to hear more.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Hi Bought the Live in NY albumn last weekend, it's really brilliant,  I hope that American Skin is released as a single soon, it's one of Bruce's better ones.   The whole albumn brings the gig in Ireland last year right back into focus.   PS Have also discovered that Born to Run is an additional hidden bonus track on disc 1.
0671027344|3.0|I originally chose to read this book because of the title.  I thought that it might be a funny book.  But in reality, I read this book and it made me so depressed.  I really liked Patrick; he was the only character in the book that I really cared about at all.  The ending was surprising but it explained a lot of things about Charlie's personality.  Some of the events in the story didn't make sense when you thought about what Charlie's personality was like.  I liked Charlie though.  He was sweet.
0783113943|5.0|The story about the life of a supermodel who used drugs to dull the pain of the emptiness and hurt in her life; a stunning performance by Angelina Jolie captures the essence of what made Gia--Gia. Opens your eyes to how one wrong decision can destroy your life so emphatically. Heartbreaking and deeply emotional in every aspect, from Gia examining her bisexuality to her struggle to cope with her drug abuse and the onset of AIDs that eventually destroyed her short, deeply tragic life at age 26.
B000002BUY|5.0|This is definatly one of the best metal releases of the 90's. Incubus has the wonderful ability to combine metal, funk, and hip-hop to create a great end product. I like this better than Make Yourself, because it isn't as poppy, and the lyrics seem more sincre. Also, Make Yourself is more of an album where you have to listen to the whole thing to get it, and while some bands like Tool and the Deftones can pull that off, Incubus' strength is in creating good individual songs. For exampe, Vitamin, New Skin, and Idiot Box all clearly stand out here, while the only track that grabs my attention on Make Yourself is the title track. Be sure to pick up this album. It's something fans of any type of music can enjoy.
B000002JNJ|4.0|Yes, it's not a debut.  Everyone will tell you it's a debut.  It's not a debut.  There were FOUR Pantera CDs before Cowboys from Hell.  1983 - Metal Magic; 1984 - Projects in the Jungle; 1985 - I am the Night; 1988 - Power Metal. Trust me.  They exist.  I don't think you can buy them anywhere, maybe you can find all the mp3s on Napster. For my review, Cowboys From Hell is a very good CD.  I'm surprised how good a popular CD can be.  Cowboys From Hell is probably the best CD you can get just by going to the store and buying it (in the US.)  But it doesn't get a five because there are CD's 100 times better than that nobody has ever heard of.  My advice to you is to get it.
B00004U30D|5.0|There are so many reviews already, so I'll skip the plot synopsis, since that is not really the most crucial element in this film.  American Beauty was simply astounding in its vivid portrayal of clandestine lives hidden behind locked doors, the hidden loveliness in the world and its subjectivity, and the importance of happiness, no matter how insignificantly caused in people's lives.<br />The performances were great, especially Kevin Spacey, a great actor who truly deserved his Best Actor Oscar for his portrayal of Lester Burnham.  Spacey was very charismatic and immensely likeable as the everyman, and it was very easy to sympathize with his feelings.  Annette Bening was absolutely frightening as his control-freak wife Carolyn, and the other supporting actors excelled as well.<br />Highly recommended viewing.  One of the few movies in recent years that I would consider to be great.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Rammstein is back!!! Those insane, Teutonic, metal-spewing, fire engulfed Germans are back and with quite a bang!!! This cd is definitely a change of sound for the Industrial Metal band that made it big in the states a few years back with Sehnsucht (their second album). Rammstein, in Mutter, shows their audience that they can really put forth the goods and not be repetitive, as most metal bands are. <br />Peppering Mutter with a large dose of orchestral influence blended with eerily voiced lyrics and a healthy dose of grinding guitars, creepy samples, and superbly formatted songs, the group from East Germany manages to step up in their creative ladder and form a refreshing sound that brings memories of their past albums but does not become a stereotypical cd. <br />In this album Rammstein address the public/critics' views of their music in the song Links 234 (the critics once accused Rammstein of Nazism, this is their cleverly disguised retraction to the false claims). Gothic, classical influence is pleasantly explored in Sonne(Sun) and Nebel(Fog)to extremely good results. A sense of fantastical horror is meticulously threaded in the tunes, Mein Herz Brennt(My Heart Burns) and Spieluhr(Music Box)which, in my personal opinion are the paragon of the album. Fast metal, with a new and crunching melody, can be found in fascinating Zwitter(Hermaphrodite), Rein Raus(In Out), Adios(a very successful punk sound is played out here), Feur Frei(Fire!!), and the incomparable Ich Will(I Want). A very dramatic mode of metal is accomplished in the title track Mutter(Mother) which seeps with sorrow and a heavy pessimism but also has a very important message behind it. <br />Overall this album proves Rammstein's most intriguing work as the band delves into musical lands they had yet to uncover and do so with no failure. Fans of the past will find the album refreshing and most astounding. Newcomers will discover Rammstein as no one has ever seen them before, fully matured in their music and at their height(so far, at least) of their talent. Mutter has been waited for for nearly four years and Rammstein did not fail their fans in delivering the goods. A definite MUST BUY!! Even for those who are not particularily partial to German music this proves to be an album on which to make an exception. Fantastic, overwhelming, and spellbinding, don't miss it!!!
630441403X|5.0|Deeply touching story of two people at dead ends in their lives; one's a prostitute who demeans herself nightly to survive on the cold, hard Las Vegas streets, and another is a deeply depressed alcoholic who moves to Las Vegas with the intention of drinking himself to death. Their encounter with each other leads to unlikely romance because, while both search for meaning, another reason to live, they are willing to accept each other for who they are, regardless of how self-destructive both have become. A simply stunning emotional performance by Nicolas Cage, who earned a well-deserved Oscar.
B00004Z459|4.0|I first heard &quot;One step Closer&quot; when I was waiting for the 'All time most wanted chart' on MTV2. I tuned in a little early and I'm glad I did.The amazing video was what first attracted me and then I just heard that amazing gutair riff and I was completely hooked.<br />From then on I watched MTV2 almost continually until I could see it again. When I finally tracked down the album I could not believe it words can't describe the emotions I felt.<br />I thought &quot;One step Closer&quot; was one of the best songs I'd heard all year until &quot;Crawling&quot;. This song evoked feelings that I never thought I could feel. The intro started fairly calmly and even reminded me of lullabies people sing to nnewborn babies, then you're just hit with Chester's amazing vocal talents. This completely outshone &quot;One step&quot; in every way.<br /> Mike Shinoda's harmonies/raps just added to the uniqueness of the song to make it one that I found myself constantly singing.<br />Other standout tracks include &quot;With You&quot;,&quot;Runaway&quot;,&quot;In The End&quot;, &quot;Crawling&quot; and &quot;Points of Authority&quot;.<br />I personally have never know an album to make you experience so many emotions in such a short space of time(40mins, which is why I gave it 4 stars) and the good thing about it is it doesn't make you feel depressed or suicidal which so many rock, nu-metal songs tend to do , but instead is very uplifting.
B0000072KY|5.0|I still remember when I heard about Kurt Cobain's death. I was in 6th grade, about 13 years old. I turned on MTV and they had fragments talking about Cobain but I thought nothing of it at first, because I thought it might have been an extension of the Rome story, when he was in a coma after a supposed failed suicide attempt. When I heard the official news at school the next day, I was completely at a loss. I think as any true lover of music can understand, it just really hit me so hard and made me incredibly angry because Cobain was just an amazingly gifted songwriter and Nirvana was such an important band.<br />I liked &quot;Nevermind&quot; and sang along and played air-guitar to all the songs when I was a little 11-year old fart, but &quot;In Utero&quot; just punched you in the face. It came from the heart and soul, and what really makes me mad is that it really showed a hint of Nirvana moving on to greater territory in music.<br />Steve Albini's production is also what makes me revisit this album time and time again. I go back and listen to &quot;Nevermind&quot; and it sounds like a monkey engineered it/mixed it. All of the songs just sound so crisp and clear, and all of Nirvana's talents just shine through on this album. And it's still gives me chills to this day to listen to &quot;All Apologies.&quot;<br />I don't understand why such gifts to music like Kurt Cobain, Jeff Buckley, Timmy Taylor, Jimi Hendrix, etc etc are taken from us, but at the very least they leave behind music that will never die and never grow old.
B00003CX8J|5.0|This movie was a good movie! Some people said it stunk and had bad acting but that isn't true. It was an all star cast. The people that write bad reviews for this movie are people who don't understand X-Men or people who get mad if one thing about the plot isn't right. The director of X-Men said &quot;if you are looking for a movie with huge special effects and lots of fighting scenes then this isn't the movie to see&quot;. This movie has a nice plot though it doesn't fit totally with the comics or animated X-Men show. If you love X-Men and you are NOT a complainer then get this movie other wise don't buy it and then complain to everyone how you hated it because it just makes people mad at you. Have a good day :)
B00004THAY|3.0|All the credit in the world goes to Slowhand for introducing more people to the Blues and B.B., much like what King did for middle America in the early 70's with his classic &quot;Live At Cook County Jail&quot;.  As a cd &quot;Riding With The King&quot; makes for good background steakhouse music and won't upset your pretty wife while you're having  dinner.  The legends are on cruise control and the album has a lightweight &quot;Dominoes&quot; feel.  It's nice though  to hear &quot;Key To The Highway&quot; and &quot;Three O'Clock Blues&quot; one more time.
B00004Z400|4.0|I don't really like most of this rapmetal crap that seems to be popular these days (Korn, Limp Bizkit, you know what im talking about), but I was actually surprised to find that the Deftones, unlike their untalented contemporaries, were actually pretty good. Chino's lyrics are usually short and unclear yet very poetic and can be interpreted in a lot of ways. The guitar and bass are heavy yet melodic enough to satisfy those who don't want five minutes of straight power chords. I also like the band's low tuning, it helps make it even heavier. The drummer is also good, although I really didn't notice the DJ very much. My favorite tracks would have to be the two slower songs, Digital Bath and Change, which both prove that Chino can actually sing and not just rap. Back To School is also a good heavy song. Overall this is pretty good for a mainstream album.
B000000YG5|5.0|Sonny Rollins is one of the elite, towering figures of jazz history. He is also one of the best and most important saxophone players of all time, along with John Coltrane and Charlie Parker. Anyone who has played saxophone has been somehow influenced by Sonny Rollins. The title of this landmark album, Saxophone Colossus, is a very suitable title. Rollins doesn't always get the credit he deserves, due to the fact that Coltrane came around soon after Rollins' success. Sonny Rollins, however, was and still is an incredibly important figure in jazz. <br />Saxophone Colossus is the album that catapulted Sonny Rollins to this level. This was his first success and was a huge success. Saxophone Colossus remains one of the greatest and most important albums in jazz history. It is essential to every and any jazz fan. The music on this album is way ahead of its time. Recorded only in 1956, this album sounds like it was recorded in the mid sixties. It is incredible that Rollins made this album before hearing some of John Coltrane's and Miles Davis' albums of the early and mid sixties.<br />One of the reasons why this album came out so well is due to the great band. This incredible quartet had Sonny Rollins on tenor sax, Doug Watkins on bass, Tommy Flanagan on piano, and legendary drummer Max Roach. In fact, Rollins sax is the only brass instrument on the album. With the other three musicians working as an incredible rhythm section complimenting Rollins playing, you have nothing else to do but to sit in marvel at his playing.<br />Besides having a great band, the five songs on this album are all incredible. St. Thomas is the obvious highlight, and has know ecome a jazz standard. You Don't Know Waht Love Is serves as the ballad of the album, and an incredible one at that. Strode Rode is another brilliant song, as is Moritat, which later served as the basis for Mack The Knife. The final song, Blue 7, is amzing, easily one of the best on the album.<br />Not only is this an essential album to listen to, but I guarantee that you will listen to it over and over again.
B000051ZST|2.0|There it was.....the preview of Road Trip at my cinema. A great trailer; a good collection of up-and-coming actors, and looked similar to the entertaining American Pie. My favourite genre of movie; the road trip.<br />How it all starts......Josh (Breckin Meyer) makes a sex tape of himself and his 'dream girl' (Amy Smart). It all goes horribly wrong in true predictable style when the tape he made gets accidentally mailed to his girlfriend (Rachel Blanchard). Cue the gathering of comedy-stereotyped buddies and the 'one left at home to mess up the plans', mix with an 'evil jesus freak' and you have a beginning of a comedy adventure.<br />The pace of the movie is slow at the beginning; but you think that the talented young cast will soon end up in frenzied hillarity. Wrong.<br />Breckin Meyer is well cast as the 'faithful' boyfriend gone misled; but his character is very weak and as the viewer, you really don't care what happens to him. Seann William Scott is once again brilliant as E.L., but he looks like making a career out of playing the same character and will always be 'Stifler' to most of us. Paulo Costanzo has been brought in to play 'stoner genius'. Although he does it well; it seems, as with many of these movies these days, that stoner humour is just brought in for automatic laughs from the less cultured among us (don't take that the wrong way guys!). DJ Qualls plays a very timid character in Kyle that begins humourous but ends up irritating. Finally media darling Tom Green is brought in to play the 'zany' guy. 'The Salmon Song' is great but the rest of his act is too stupid. It's also a shame that View Askew regular Ethan Suplee has a small part.<br />In conclusion, many people out there probably loved this film; I was ultimatley disappointed by something that just looked like it came out of the 'teen comedy formula' box on sale at local supermarkets. The laughs are too far apart; and even then they result in barely more than a smile and you can almost tell the story before you are 15 minutes in.<br />I loved American Pie, even loved Dude, Where's My Car? (I know!) but this really didn't do anything for me. At all.e story before you are 15 minutes in.<br />I loved American Pie, even loved Dude, Where's My Car? (I know!) but this really didn't do anything for me. At all.
B00003CXB2|5.0|Avid fans of Lawrence of Arabia probably won't need persuading when it comes to buying this package.  For the rest of you, let me say that the treatement given to the film is well worth the price of the set.  This is easily the most beautiful of all the video versions I've seen. (Beta and VHS versions tend to be dark and not terribly crisp. Laserdisc is far better than tape, but for me it lacks something in depth that the DVD brings out.  Nothing will ever replace seeing it on a big screen, of course.)<br />The special features are truly excellent.  Those who have seen the Criterion collection laser version will have seen some of the video extras, though not all, but the DVD-ROM material is all new to me, and well worth exploring.  There is material about the film, and material on Lawrence himself and the desert campaign, making this one of the most comprehensive DVD packages I've ever seen.  The interview with Steven Spielberg, who was involved in the restoration of the film, is so good, you'll wish it was twice as long.<br />For those who have never seen this film, or have only seen the older version on tape, now is a chance to see it in its best possible light, short of seeing it on the big screen.  Lawrence is a monumental film, probably Lean's finest work, arguably one of the finest films ever made, with a justifiably famous score and one of the best screenplays ever written.  The effects will dazzle, even in this digitized era, and the performances are amazing.  This film made stars out of Peter O'Toole and Omar Sharif, and underscored the reputations of actors such as Alec Guiness, Anthony Quinn, Jack Hawkins and Claude Raines.  It's a film about a war, an era, a legend and finally about a man who remains one of the most intriguing figures of his time.
0790736101|5.0|Several years ago, I got into a conversation with two friends. It was around Halloween and the subject turned to horror movies. The question was then asked, &quot;What's your favorite vampire movie?&quot; One friend said Salem's Lot, the other picked Bram Stoker's Dracula from 1992(Gary Oldman-Winona Ryder version). Without hesitation, I picked this film. From the moment, the opening credits come on the screen with James Bernard's chilling theme playing, you know you're watching classic horror at its finest. Christopher Lee provides the right combination of good looks, personal charm, eroticism, and at the same time animalistic terror in his portrayal of the Count. It is a performance clearly unmatched in the six sequels he later did. Peter Cushing is excellent as Professor Van Helsing, combining the perfect balance of kindness and compassion with a single minded purpose and devotion in destroying Dracula.  Michael Gough, Melissa Stribling, and Carol Marsh are terrific in supporting roles, especially Gough as Arthur Holmwood. It is an excellent retelling of the Stoker tale, although some of the elements and settings from the book are clearly omitted. The film's climax with Dracula and Van Helsing battling each other in the Count's library of the castle is the best ending to a horror film I've ever seen capping an outstaning directorial effort by Terence Fisher. I've been a huge fan of Hammer Horror most of my life and this is without a doubt their best film ever. A must see for any fan of the horror genre.
B00003CXE6|5.0|one of the best movies I ever saw, excellent acting, amazing music, and tragedian end. this movie deserves more than 5 stars. I've watched the movie more than once, every time I see it I discover a new things amazing. bottom line this film deserves to be watched.
B000002NJS|5.0|This CD was her best yet!  I loved it!  'Frozen' has such haunting lyrics, and 'Candy Perfume Girl' is very powerful.  You can tell, after listening for a while, that she's talking about drugs and drug abuse.  This is a must-have for every Madonna-fan and anyone who wants a great CD!
B00004U680|5.0|These two albums especially the first one (Suzi Quatro) is where it all started, for women in rock. Suzi rely showed the men of the business, that women can rock too and did it as hard or even harder than most of them.<br />The first album has some great tracks like Glycerine Queen Official Suburbian Superman, and the smash Hit Single 48 Crash.<br />When Elvis Presley heard Suzi's version of all shook up, as it was released as a single in the USA, he was quoted as saying that it was the best version that he had heard and wanted to meet Suzi.<br />This Leather clad Rocker not only blasted open the cieling blew open the door, but she put women on the Rock n Roll map to Stay.<br />Although not big in her native country the US where she was born. Suzi managed to get world wide reckonision for her efforts with these two albums.<br />The second Quatro, had three hit singles from it The Wild One, Devil Gate Drive and Too Big. Suzi rely rocked the joint toured all over the world including the US and Canada, and became a house hold name in Europe, United Kingdom, Japan and Australia. Now to get these classic albums digitally remastered well that's a true Quatro fans delight.<br />Suzi Quatro is the first woman of Rock and roll and is still touring all over the world with her music, when she comes to town buy a ticket, Suzi puts on a show well worth seeing.
B000002HH2|1.0|You're all smoking dope. And I'm a dope, and I can still say that.
6305622825|4.0|this film is good were it keeps the audience attracted to it's events, actually I bought it because I think that Mr.. Connery is one of the best actors. there are allot of breath taking scenes in this movie, a try for creating a romantic story and a somehow this technological scenes. I think that this movie is good to watch if you do not have alternatives. but do not build hopes on it as I said it worthies to be watched.
B00000K413|5.0|I had the vinyl version of this album and lamented not being able to listen to it (turntable deceased!).  One of the most powerful albums ever made.  Roland's writing and singing is raw and emotional.  Curt brings just as much to the table on the songs that he sings (all songs written by Roland).  If you liked &quot;Songs From The Big Chair,&quot; you will be more than suprised by &quot;The Hurting&quot; (Tears For Fears' first offering).  I liken this debut work to the first LP from U2, &quot;Boy.&quot;  There is so much unrefined talent that to polish the sound would be to do a disservice to the works.  I remember hearing Tears For Fears on &quot;The King Biscuit Flower Hour&quot; just after this LP was released.  I was mesmerized by their sound (even live!).  It's a shame that they did not produce many more works similar to their first two LPs and eventually broke up (creative differences).  At least we have this Gem to remind us how great a &quot;young and hungry&quot; group of musicians can truly be!
B00003CXB2|5.0|This presentation of Lawrence of Arabia is a shining example of how great the DVD format can be and should be! The movie is (Of course) great! The special features are entertaining and interesting. The comments by Steven Spielberg are very nice. For me, a movie collector, this package is a gem! This is how a classic movie should be packaged. This package would look good on a bookshelf along with your best literature. Thank You Columbia!
6301963717|5.0|The best movie,...ever! Brilliant! Brilliantly acted by Mr. Burns, and also Mr. Turturro. And hats off to Joel and Ethan, they produced, directed, and yes, wrote one of the best movies I've ever seen. Five stars isn't enough!
B000002KB8|5.0|This album has to be the 1st real metal album. That one riff on the 1st track unleashed maybe about 30 bands. N.I.B. is a song that no metal band should not play. The Wizard is one of their unknown classics. It shows how good everyone is with their instrunment. Including Ozzy with the harmonica. Sleeping Village and Earning is their great jamming songs. It shows Black Sabbath's great skill and taste of music. This is an album that any headbanger should have. If you don't, well, stop claming to like metal.
B000053SPI|5.0|This is truly a return to classic Journey. Arrival takes me back to Escape. I will always miss Steve Perry, however it makes it easier to move on with this album. Steve Agueri is an almost match and will fill Perry's shoes quite nice. Tracks like Higher Place, Signs of Life, I got a reason and All the Way are immediate Journey Classics. Schon's guitar work is masterful and it is nice to hear Cain using the Piano in rockers ala Don't stop believing. Candidate for rock album of the year!
B000002HH2|2.0|I purchased this album several years ago and recently listened to it again and was a little disappointed. The strong tunes are spread out among too many seemingly pointless tracks which sound like a spoiled little rich kid was turned loose in the studio with no regard for musically correct pieces. It's not that all of the music is bad, but it sounds more like unfinished experimentation thrown together rather hastily then pressed into a product just for the sake of making a release. What happened to the darling Bjork who sang so strongly and pleasing to the ear in &quot;Big Time Sensuality&quot;, &quot;There's More to Life than this&quot;, &quot;Crying&quot;, &quot;Venus as a Boy&quot;, and &quot;Violently Happy&quot; from Debut? On &quot;Post&quot; it appears that success has gone to her head and she got herself to the point where she could just hum and make noises into a tape recorder and the deluded public would call it artistic experimentation. Of the strong tunes, &quot;Army of Me&quot; is an interesting idea with a great drum track, but the singing in the chourus doesn't blend well with the music and doesn't even sound musical. The partially-thrilling &quot;Enjoy&quot; sounds unfinished and raw and could use some fine-tuning. &quot;Possibly Maybe&quot; is one tune that still sounds good after several listens, and &quot;It's Oh So Quiet&quot; remains my favourite tracks on the album, here she actually sings a catchy melody and utilizes her unique voice to convey the strength and beauty as she did on Debut. Her voice actally sounds great against the orchestra. But poor tunes like &quot;You've been Flirting again&quot;, &quot;Cover Me&quot;, and the dreadful &quot;Headphones&quot; inspire me to ask myself &quot;what was she thinking?&quot; Her shaky whispering vocals just don't work with the music, aren't catchy (and sometimes not even on the correct notes). I am surprised at all of the rave reviews that this disc received. When she was backed up by guitars and acoustic drums with The Sugarcubes, Bjork was at her best. Her solo efforts have gotten progressively worse. Bjork is an extremely talented artist and I feel a bit cheated by &quot;Post&quot; and even more so by &quot;Homogenic&quot;, wondering why she is not living up to her potential. Try spinning old Sugarcubes tunes like &quot;Blue Eyed Pop&quot;, &quot;Delicious Demon&quot;, &quot;Coldsweat&quot;, &quot;Vitamin&quot;, &quot;Hit&quot;, Speed is the Key&quot;, &quot;Walkabout&quot;,  and &quot;Motorcrash&quot; then listen to &quot;Post&quot;, there is definitely something missing.oustic drums with The Sugarcubes, Bjork was at her best. Her solo efforts have gotten progressively worse. Bjork is an extremely talented artist and I feel a bit cheated by &quot;Post&quot; and even more so by &quot;Homogenic&quot;, wondering why she is not living up to her potential. Try spinning old Sugarcubes tunes like &quot;Blue Eyed Pop&quot;, &quot;Delicious Demon&quot;, &quot;Coldsweat&quot;, &quot;Vitamin&quot;, &quot;Hit&quot;, Speed is the Key&quot;, &quot;Walkabout&quot;,  and &quot;Motorcrash&quot; then listen to &quot;Post&quot;, there is definitely something missing.
B00005AAFS|1.0|After reading Pat Blashill's 3 1/2 star review in &quot;Rolling Stone&quot;, and reading the countless recommendations from Amazon readers, I made it a high priority to get Rammstein's new CD, \\"Mutter\\".<br />All I can say is, what a waste of time and marks. It is obvious after reading all the reviews touting this release as their best work ever the band must have paid a lot of their fans to post reviews on Amazon. Either that or Till Lindeman must have a lot of English speaking relatives.<br />Actually the problem is that when you are a true fan of a band, you just cannot bring yourself to the realization that their new album sucks. That's understandable.<br />While not totally unlistenable, \\"Mutter\\" reminds me of the second half of their last release, \\"Sehnschut\\"- creatively out of gas.<br />\\"Mutter\\" starts out on the right foot. \\"Hein Herz Brennt\\" is a great Wagnerian metal track. Listening to it makes you want to invade some poorly armed Eastern European country all over again. But then that seems to peter out. I've heard \\"Sonne\\" is the best track ever by Rammstein. After a few listens all I can say is you have to be kidding me. My dog could have written that, along with most of the other dreck on this CD.<br />Then there's the throwaway \\"Fever Frei!\\" with a fire engine playing in the background while Lindeman yells \\"Bang bang!\\" or something in German. Meanwhile, just like in half the tracks, the same droning, crunching heavy metal guitar riff repeats itself. You know, the same one that you have heard in  . . .just about every other Rammstein song???<br />Boooring.<br />The title track sounds like an overproduced Accept tune.<br />Rammstein showed signs of brilliance in the first 5 tracks of their \\"Sehnsucht\\" before throwing away tracks 6 through 11. That title track and \\"Engel\\" had a dorky, poppy yet headbanging atmosphere to them. Rammstein evoked the sad desperation to regain their past Niebelung glory that has marked German culture ever since 1945.<br />Unfortunately, not even dreams of conquest can bring the miserable \\"Mutter\\" to Teutonic nirvana.<br />We have one word to say to those thinking of picking up a copy of \\"Mutter\\":<br />NEIN.
B00005A1VH|5.0|I can't give it 6.  This is probably one of the top 5 movies ever!  Cooper is phenomenal.  The real Alvin York, probably America's least known hero, told Hollywood that he would allow them to make the movie if Cooper portrayed him, they told the whole story, and no glamour girl portrayed the women.  This movie hits the mark.   While it does show how President Wilson abused the rights of the religions that are against fighting and war, I believe the message of a man's convictions and how he must kill to save other lives is powerful and applicable in today's society. Believable presentation of York's life before, during, and after the war is the hallmark of the movie.   A classic for generations to come.
B00005AFVR|5.0|I was never much of a Springsteen fan, over the past few years I've really gotten into his music however. I bought this disc basically for &quot;My Love Will Not Let You Down&quot;, &quot;Murder Incorporated&quot; and &quot;The River&quot;, three favorites of mine. This is one of the best live albums I've heard in awhile. The best part in my opinion is &quot;Youngstown&quot;,&quot;Murder Incorporated&quot; and &quot;Badlands&quot; which are strung together in one mind blowing performance. The whole album is top notch. &quot;Mansion On The Hill&quot; is a beautiful performance as well, singing along with wife, Patti Scialfa who sounds more than a little like Emmylou Harris on this one. &quot;American Skin (41 Shots)&quot; closes out the HBO portion of the disc and one of Springsteen's best. The bonus tracks on disc two are as great, &quot;Born In The USA&quot; is prsented here not as the rock anthem it's generally thought of, but instead as a stripped down acoustic version similar to that heard on &quot;Tracks&quot;.   If you like Springsteen this album is a must. If you like live albums, this is a must. If you are a fan of rock music in general this album is for you. If you're not impressed with the talent, musicianship, and overall performance, then you might to check your pulse!
B000002HH2|2.0|I purchased this album several years ago and recently listened to it again and was a little disappointed. The strong tunes are spread out among too many seemingly pointless tracks which sound like a spoiled little rich kid was turned loose in the studio with no regard for musically correct pieces. It's not that all of the music is bad, but it sounds more like unfinished experimentation thrown together rather hastily then pressed into a product just for the sake of making a release. What happened to the darling Bjork who sang so strongly and pleasing to the ear in \\"Big Time Sensuality\\", \\"There's More to Life than this\\", \\"Crying\\", \\"Venus as a Boy\\", and \\"Violently Happy\\" from Debut? On \\"Post\\" it appears that success has gone to her head and she got herself to the point where she could just hum and make noises into a tape recorder and the deluded public would call it artistic experimentation. Of the strong tunes, \\"Army of Me\\" is an interesting idea with a great drum track, but the singing in the chourus doesn't blend well with the music and doesn't even sound musical. The partially-thrilling \\"Enjoy\\" sounds unfinished and raw and could use some fine-tuning. \\"Possibly Maybe\\" is one tune that still sounds good after several listens, and \\"It's Oh So Quiet\\" remains my favourite tracks on the album, here she actually sings a catchy melody and utilizes her unique voice to convey the strength and beauty as she did on Debut. Her voice sounds great against the orchestra. But poor tunes like \\"You've been Flirting again\\", \\"Cover Me\\", and the dreadful \\"Headphones\\" inspire me to ask myself \\"what was she thinking?\\" Her shaky whispering vocals just don't work with the music, aren't catchy (and sometimes not even on the correct notes). I am surprised at all of the rave reviews that this disc received. When she was backed up by guitars and acoustic drums with The Sugarcubes, Bjork was at her best. Her solo efforts have gotten progressively worse. Bjork is an extremely talented artist andI feel a bit cheated by \\"Post\\" and even more so by \\"Homogenic\\", wondering why she is not living up to her potential. Try spinning old Sugarcubes tunes like \\"Blue Eyed Pop\\", \\"Delicious Demon\\", \\"Coldsweat\\", \\"Vitamin\\", \\"Hit\\", Speed is the Key\\", \\"Walkabout\\", and \\"Motorcrash\\" then listen to \\"Post\\", there is definitely something missing.
B00003CXMG|5.0|The movie is perfect. For everyone that has been in a rock show or simply loves music and its power of getting in our hearts is a must see. It gathers art a piece of humor and of course, music. It can be extremely sweet as well as emotive and briliant. In a nutshell the dream of rock coming true. A must see.
0880389052|5.0|This is one of the best books ever written which placed at the Forgotten Realms world. This book is the beginning of Drizzet story about how he became to be an outcast from the evil city of the dark elves and the best sword fighter in the realms. This book and the rest of the trilogy explore the life of the young worrior from his birth untill the time he met his friends from the Icewind Dale trilogy. The book show the pain he went through and the few moments of joy in his conflict of good and evil. this is a great book that only my lack of knowlage in the english launguege bothring me to discribe it.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|John Williams is unarguably one of the best in the business of soundtracks, his uncanny ability to set the mood in any movie is unmatched. From the suspense of &quot;Jaws,&quot; to the soft sounds of &quot;ET,&quot; all the way to the pure inspirational tones of &quot;Duel of the Fates,&quot; Williams is a master. It is clearly apparent why George Lucas and Spielburg prefer his art in their movies. Get this CD, or any of his works, you shan't be displeased.
0440180295|4.0|I had to read this book for my 9th grade English Class, and unlike all the other school readings, it's actually funny and fun! I liked the way time swiches, you constantly change from one high point to another. At first, I wasn't so used to it, but as the book progressed, I loved the time travel more and more. Our teacher told us this was a very significant book in the 60th, it was a book for the hippy generation. We discussed the anti-war, free love, and acceptance aspects of the book, but because there wasn't anything that's really hard to understand, not much things were discussed. It was a Spring Break reading, and all my classmates who actually read the book had a lot of fun with it. (When your teacher askes you to read something, you better read it!) I was expecting more war scenes, but the book didn't have much. You should go back to the beginning of the book after you are finished, also should know that the person talking at the first and last chapter is in fact Curt Vonnecut, the author himself. Happy Always.
0679879269|5.0|This book is really awesome. I stayed up tell 1 each night reading this book because i couldn't put it down. I really recomend this book to people who like a book that makes you think and makes your imagination go wild! You HAVE to read this book because if you don't you are missing out on alot.  P.S. You should probably read the first two book first so you can understand this one better. But personally my favorite out of all three was this one.
6305428050|5.0|Adventures In Babysitting is a Blast. I first saw this movie when I was 10 years old, now I am 24 and after all these years I can still say I really love this movie. Elisabeth Shue gives a great performance in her first leading role, along with the rest of the cast who together seem to bring this movie to life. The movie starts off with Chris singing a classic oldie called &quot;And Than He Kissed Me&quot; and from the minute you hear the song you know your in for a treat with this movie. After getting the cold shoulder from her boyfriend, Chris decides to babysitt and have a quiet night, but when her best friend Brenda calls her to rescue her downtown, Chris decides to take the three kids along with her. Expecting a dull evening she soon finds that the night is anything but dull. The night soon turns in to an endless adventure that will have all of them hanging from the rafters. I will not give away any of the movie, but I will say this is one of those rare movies you can watch over and over and never get tired of it. I highly suggest you check out this great movie! This is one to own on DVD.
0679879269|5.0|This book is really awesome. I stayed up tell 1 each night reading this book because i couldn't put it down. I really recomend this book to people who like a book that makes you think and makes your imagination go wild! You HAVE to read this book because if you don't you are missing out on alot.  P.S. You should probably read the first two book first so you can understand this one better. But personally my favorite out of all three was this one.
0393038912|5.0|......make it this one. Some pop-science books are deathly dull, others make you scratch your head in puzzlement, good ones educate - teaching you things you never knew. Occasionally, as in this instance, you read a book and you feel like an instant genius.<br />Taking a step back from the trees of history - such as wars, dates, conquerors, laws, treaties etc etc, Diamond goes for the big picture and captures the wood. What is it about human development in the last thirteen thousand years that has put us here today ? In a nutshell, argues Diamond, geography.<br />Taking the reader from an Africa with little prospect of development due to inhibiting factors such as tropical disease belts, lack of rivers and animals that have evolved alonside humans and are wary of them and thus not domesticable, into the middle-east where animals that have never met humans were tamable and there were wild plants suitable for the development of sophisticated agriculture and from there with this &quot;package&quot; of benefits how man colonised everywhere else. Here, running into a geographical dead-end, there finding room to thrive flourish and develop complex technological societies.<br />Diamond has less sat down and hammered out a new knowledge of history, rather by adopting a new viewpoint he has more thrown hidden patterns into sharp relief. This book is a literal revelation and is sure to fire enthusiasm for further research into this area. Like I say at the top, if you read pop science make this your one must read this year and if you don't then, heck, you should as you don't know what you're missing.
B00003CXDG|2.0|This movie was action packed but the storyline was boring and predictable.
B000059MEK|4.0|It's back to the 70's through the looking glass of tomorrow ... Daft Punk's follow-up is just that! While not groundbreaking, DISCOVERY (was the title in any way a homage to ELO?) is a pleasure to listen to. I actually like it better than the then-seminal HOMEWORK (1996) which was hampered by some grueling and lengthy tracks. DISCOVERY opens with hit &quot;One More Time&quot; which uses the vocoder appropriately (sorry Cher) and firmly places us all back on the disco floor whether we like it or not! My favorite, &quot;Digital Love&quot;, is a brilliant encapsulation of late 70's pop (Buggles, 10cc, Supertramp ... the works) delivered in Daft Punk's trademark vocoded vocals. As before, Daft Punk's knack for assembling cut-and-paste melodies from sampled fragments is showcased on &quot;High Life&quot; (disco diva) and quite cleverly on &quot;Face to Face&quot; (the opening reminded me of the quirky genius of producer Tony Mansfield had he toyed with sampling technology with his early 80's band New Musik). When listening to this album I can't seem to get recent retro films like BOOGIE NIGHTS and THE VIRGIN SUICIDES out of my head! In short, if you like 70's dance music, you'll love this album, and you don't even have to like techno.
B000005S37|4.0|Has any \\"rock\\" LP so thoroughly & completely polarized its audience as this one? Unless there's an all-bagpipes rock group I've never heard of (but would love to!), the answer is \\"Definitely Not!\\" \\"LOVE IT\\" vs.\\"HATE IT\\": No middle ground. 50+ reviewers ahead of me & barely a single 3-star rating! Therefore, like the typical Libra that I am (sign of the scales), I'm compelled to weigh in with my opinions & balance everybody else's. Here goes! 1. I happen to like (not love) MMM, both the CD & the vinyl I bought back in '89. My TRUE rating is three-and-a-half stars. 2. My CD isn't this version but an older one from 1991 which I think was mastered from the vinyl! Sound quality is obviously irrelevant. 3. I never play more than two of the (pieces? cuts? songs?!) at a sitting, never when otherwise occupied & ALWAYS with headphones (practically a must!) At least for myself, complete attention is best - I've been trying to write this while listening & it's taking forever! ...4. MMM haters are WRONG when they call it \\"just noise.\\" Yes, it uses noise, but close listening will also reveal multiphonic tones, \\"melodic distractions\\" (however accidental) and, especially, drones. Totally random undifferentiated sound, true, but there's more sonic variety here than, say, your average Tangerine Dream disc.5. MMM haters are RIGHT (I suspect) in accusing (some) 5-star raters of not actually listening & appreciating MMM only as a prank/joke/statement/ripoff, some of whom freely admit this. It's all these things and more! The reviewer who claimed to hear \\"You Don't Bring Me Flowers\\" etc. was obviously joking, much like Lou himself with his nonsense about Mendelssohn, etc. 6.No offense, but I really hate when you folks use that word \\"unlistenable.\\" It's overused & inaccurate: How in the hell can you describe something as unlistenable unless you've listened to it?! 7. Sorry, but I also have to disagree with MMM haters (& probably a few MMM lovers as well) when they claim that the joke's onus since Lou didn't intend for anybody to actually listen to (let alone LIKE) this LP. Sad truth is, this was actually the most interesting post-Velvets thing he ever did; in fact, the ONLY Lou Reed disc I own, so the joke's on him! 8. Someday I'll get ambitious & dub a rhythm track to parts of this for fun! 9.A final irony: the most jarring, nerve-racking moments are those when the track ends & you're startled by the silence!
0767803434|4.0|Air Force One<br />Score: 69/100<br />Wolfgang Petersen, that is a great name isn't it? He made The Boat, In the Line of Fire and numerous other classics. Well, is Air Force One really as good as his older movies? No, the answer is no. But it's not as far off as you may have heard. Air Force One is awesome entertainment, and although it has its share of flaws in the script, you probably won't even notice because you'll be too enthralled with the high-flying adventure.<br />The President of the USA (Harrison Ford) goes to Moscow and gives a stirring speech outlining the USA's new &quot;Zero-tolerance&quot; policy with respect to terrorism. On the flight home, terrorists actually take over Air Force One (the President's official plane) and take the passengers (including his wife and daughter) hostage. The terrorists plan to execute one hostage every half-hour unless/until their demands are met. However, the President is a former Medal of Honour winner, so the terrorists may be in for a surprise...<br />We are certainly in for tonnes of surprises. The action is blasting and will grab you when you least expect it and the visual effects are a treat to the eye. The story is weak, but the action delivers plenty of goods and it the films makes darn sure that you and your head won't be turning away from the screen to go to sleep. Harrison Ford is good, but, surprisingly, it's Glenn Close who plays Vice President Kathryn Bennett that really steals the show. Sure, Harrison takes all the action, but Glenn is more powerful. The cheesy lines such as \\"Get off my plane!\\" and some silly sequences don't do the film any good. But, it's got plenty of eye-candy and goodness about it with the thrills and most of the performances, so don't worry too much.<br />Air Force One has some small flaws, but it is still cracking entertainment with a good plot and breathtaking visual effects.
0684857219|5.0|Arnold is the man, buy this book and someday you might become one too!
0792156684|5.0|Titanic<br />Score: 98/100<br />It's a commonly asked question around the world these days, \\"How many times have you seen Titanic?\\" Well, it just so happens that I would rank up there with the people who have seen it over 10 times, as I have seen it 13 times. It's an instant classic of a movie that ranks up along the movie it's pays dedication to, A Night to Remember. In fact, it's better.<br />Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) is a treasure hunter looking for a famous diamond among the debris of the Titanic. He finds a sketch in a safebox in which a young woman is wearing the diamond on a necklace. After showing the drawing on a TV program, Rose Dawson (Gloria Stuart), an old lady comes forward claiming to be the woman in the drawing. She is brought to the explorer's vessel to help them determine the location of the diamond, but instead she tells everyone the &quot;real&quot; story of Titanic's sinking. She was a 17 year-old rich girl (played by Kate Winslet) sailing to the USA to get married with Cal Hockley (Billy Zane). Her mother Ruth (Frances Fisher) was forcing her to get married so she felt trapped inside her own world. During the trip she tries to commit suicide and she is saved by Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio), a third-class passenger who travels around making pencil drawings. They get to know each other better until eventually they fall in love which causes trouble for Hockley and Ruth who try unsuccessfully to keep them from seeing each other. Amidst all this confusion the Titanic hits an iceberg and starts to sink...<br />There is no question about it, Titanic is a landmark. It not only won 11 Academy Awards, but it left a space in my and other critics heart's which is not often fulfilled. It is hard for me to go to sleep at night without thinking about the disaster of the R.M.S Titanic, and I have the crew of this movie to thank for that. The film's technical department is remarkable, they actually built a \\"new\\" Titanic to make this movie, and it was well worth it. The sound and effects are truly breathtaking, while the editing and cinematography are beautiful and add a spark to the film. James Cameron's direction effort is brilliant, he may be a show-off about this movie now, but why shouldn't he? It's a masterpiece and it deserves to be praised highly by it's director and everyone else in the world.<br />Add to that a sizzling romance between Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, some amazing set decoration, a heartpounding and heartbreaking score &amp; an end sequence that is truly unforgettable and you have what is the closest the world will ever get to the best romance film of all time.
6300185249|5.0|This is one of these movies you shouldn't trust critics' opinions. It's one of the best comedies ever done, and contrary to most of new silly ones, this movie will make you laugh on the floor every time you see it. It's classic humor, performed by excellent actors. Tom Hanks was at his best ever, I've never seen this guy so funny before or after this movie, he's a consumate genius. His reactions to the otherwise tragical situation are astonishing and show how well he understood the character. For me, Tom Hanks performance in this movie is a reference of how a part like this should be acted. I hope the producers publish a DVD version. I'm sure there are more unedited material that will be great to include. These actors sure had big laughs during the production, and would be great if this material is available to share it with us. I applaud the actors, directors and producers of this masterpiece.
B00003CXMG|5.0|This is defintily one of the best movies I have seen in a looong time!   Despite what DREW Managery says.  Me and MANY of my friends who were growing up in that generation, LOVED it.  I feel Kate Hudsons character, Penny Lane, was just a girl who was in it for fun but got stuck falling in love with him.  And that classic example he gave us, was not even an example.  She was trying to be strong, and not show her true emotions.  Doesn't he remember what she said in the car on the way to LA.  Obviously he has no clue what it is to be a girl. The film may have not gotten to in Stillwater, but maybe that is because the film is based on a boy who loves music. Take it from someone whos best friends are in a band.  All this stuff happens.  From the groupies to the jelously to the hatred from just being around the same people to long.  I guess thats why i loved this movie so much because i could totally understand all of it.   So I feel don't listen to Drews opinion, this is a GREAT film, take the time to watch it!
B00000IQC8|5.0|This movie is Kevin Smith's brilliant film making debut.  It follows a day in the life of a convenience store clerk (Brian O'Halloran) and a video store clerk (Jeff Anderson).  It also marks the introduction of Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith) to the world.<br />Dante (O'Halloran) is the guy whose life just can't go right.  He is stuck in a low-paying no respect job that he hates.  He is forced to deal with idiots from the time he comes in until the time the store closes, on his scheduled day off no less.<br />The characters in this movie deal with more stuff in one day than most people will in their life.  A hockey game on the roof of the store, a funeral, and Dante's ex-girlfriend has sex in the bathroom with a corpse.<br />It is well-known that the movie was made on a shoestring budget, but it is great anyway.  The black and white is an added bonus.  I bought the video for $2.99 when a local rental store when it went out of business a few years ago.  My brother made fun of me then, but then last year he paid over $30 for the DVD.  Ha ha on him!
B00004RF9B|5.0|easily on of the best sci-fi movies and a personal favorite
B0000560RV|3.0|SIGUR ROS. Sounds like a pets name, isnt? Come over, Sigur! Stand there, oh Ros! Ive recently browsed on the net looking for the significance of Sigur Ros, or at least its translation to english, and I discovered these instead: a sigur is a vascular plant hugely popular in Scandinavia and Estonia. If your are into vascular plants, you may know that one of the prettiest is the Hilarik Sigur (aka Cichorium intybus) that seems a female alien in a middle of a carnival. And, well, I also found about an impressive live performances on Belfast of this, the Islandic guitar rock band that matters. <br />I truly believe that this album could be a brainwashed-punch for millions, but if it were realesed seven years ago. But, in 1994 there was Spacemen 3 and, more accuretely, Spiritualized, its closest relative in UK. &quot;Svefn g englar&quot; is the emotional peak of the album, although is easy to understand why a live version could be far better. Space guitars, falsettos, control over noise on studio; catharsis, shouting and noise over control on the stage. <br />Good news in South California: Sigur Ros are already on a first-ever US tour with special dates like the celebrated Coachella Film and Music Festival (Indio, CA, April 28th). <br />Well, if you are into guitar rock and looking for a non-solo album of a strong new arrival, buy this. Great to hear on highways. Finally I can tell that the best crafted songs are also the best named, like &quot;Staralfur&quot;, &quot;Olsen Olsen&quot; and &quot;Avalon&quot;. I told you; theyre names for a pet. No wonder their label is Fat Cat Records.
B00004Y9PP|3.0|Pitch Black has its moments and it's a good rent, but the movie just has too many flaws and weaknesses for me to give it any higher than an average rating.<br />The good: special effects. CGI, of course (the wave of the future--cheap special effects), but quite nicely done. As another reviewer mentioned, the eclipse scene looks impressive, as does the starship crash landing and the aliens themselves. The characters are for the most part weak in this movie but there were a few exceptions. I thought the female pilot, Frye I think, was pretty interesting. Her turnabout is a little hard to swallow, but with a little effort... The addition of Muslim supporting characters was an interesting touch.<br />The bad: the plot is pretty weak and derivative. It's largely an Alien ripoff and not too good at stealing the best elements of the Alien films. The CGI aliens, at times impressive, almost seem to break up into pixels at other times. They should have done a little more post production work to &quot;decomputerize&quot; them more.<br />The ugly: the characters are pretty weak. You have Vin Diesel as the consummate anti-hero. Why he has this relationship with the merc, Johns, was a bit confusing for me. The pilot, Frye, is a bit more believable than the other characters as mentioned above. The ending. I won't blow it for you, but was &quot;the big sacrifice&quot; really necessary to the plot? I kind of thought it was superfluous.<br />The verdict: thumbs sideways. This was an okay movie and good escapist entertainment. Just don't expect the next Alien franchise out of this one.
B0000560RV|3.0|SIGUR ROS. Sounds like a pets name, isnt? Come over, Sigur! Stand there, oh Ros! Ive recently browsed on the net looking for the significance of Sigur Ros, or at least its translation to english, and I discovered these instead: a sigur is a vascular plant hugely popular in Scandinavia and Estonia. If your are into vascular plants, you may know that one of the prettiest is the Hilarik Sigur (aka Cichorium intybus) that seems a female alien in a middle of a carnival. And, well, I also found about an impressive live performances on Belfast of this, the Islandic guitar rock band that matters. <br />I truly believe that this album could be a brainwashed-punch for millions, but if it were realesed seven years ago. But, in 1994 there was Spacemen 3 and, more accuretely, Spiritualized, its closest relative in UK. &quot;Svefn g englar&quot; is the emotional peak of the album, although is easy to understand why a live version could be far better. Space guitars, falsettos, control over noise on studio; catharsis, shouting and noise over control on the stage. <br />Good news in South California: Sigur Ros are already on a first-ever US tour with special dates like the celebrated Coachella Film and Music Festival (Indio, CA, April 28th). <br />Well, if you are into guitar rock and looking for a non-solo album of a strong new arrival, buy this. Great to hear on highways. Finally I can tell that the best crafted songs are also the best named, like &quot;Staralfur&quot;, &quot;Olsen Olsen&quot; and &quot;Avalon&quot;. I told you; theyre names for a pet. No wonder their label is Fat Cat Records.
0425129616|5.0|In 1920 Agatha Christie introduced a quirky little Belgian detective to the world in this book she wrote on a dare from her sister.  The time is World War I and Poirot is one of a small group of Belgian refugees who has come to live in a rural English village.  With his egg-shaped head and his well-groomed moustache, Poirot enters and soon becomes one of fiction's best-loved detectives.  Also in this novel, the reader is introduced to his cohort, Captain Arthur Hastings, recovering from a war injury at the upper-class household known as Styles Court.  The mistress of the manor is Emily Inglethorpe, an elderly woman who has just married a much younger man.  The family members occupying the house all become suspects when Mrs. Inglethorpe is murdered and it is up to Poirot's little grey cells to sift through all the red herrings and, in the final chapter, reveal all in true detective fashion. High on Poirot's list of suspects are:  John Cavendish, the elder stepson; Mary Cavendish, his wife; Lawrence Cavendish, the younger stepson; Evelyn Howard, Mrs. Inglethorpe's companion; Cynthia Murdoch, her protegee; and Dr. Bauerstein, a mysterious stranger who lives in Essex.  All have motive and opportunity but only Poirot can discover the truth.<br />This first novel sets the tone for many Christies to follow.  The wealthy family inhabiting a country house, the non-violent method of murder (poisoning) so favored by Mrs. Christie, and the light-hearted but often serious romance all became hallmarks of many of her later works.<br />Have a cup of hot chocolate with Poirot and enjoy the adventure.
6304994540|3.0|O.K this is a pretty funny film, but why is it so damn popular?. It lacks the Coens' usual flair. The main reason being a completely motionless plot. Don't get me wrong some bits are laugh out loud funny but others get bogged down in a dumb storyline.It is a fine no-brainer comedy with a touch of the brothers quality, and some excellent characters, notably Jesus. But I for one expect more invention from directors as clever as the Coens'. I would like to say yeah great film like I usually do. But this time I just can't.
B000008H1W|5.0|I see no purpose in a review that says, &quot;This album is bad compared to the rest of Tull's work.&quot;  To say so merely exposes the reviewer's tastes for one or another era in Tull's overall output.<br />In a nutshell, Minstrel strikes me as the most consistently textured (for want of a better word) Tull album.  It is, in fact, the only album where I groove on all the songs--like Queen's &quot;Jazz&quot; (no one's favorite Queen album I imagine) or Led Zeppelin's &quot;Presence&quot; (no one's favorite Led Zeppelin album either), for instance. The quality of the album never drops below, say, 8.5, and it can be listened to over and over and over without becoming dull or cloying.  This is the only Tull album I can say this of.<br />The heavy guitar work and energy of the the opening title track, &quot;Cold Wind to Valhalla&quot; and &quot;Black Satin Dancer&quot; are bound to catch the established fan flat-footed.  But if you dig exquisitely executed and unconventional ensemble prog-rock (or are able to listen without prejudice), then prepare to be not disappointed.  The guitar-flute duet break in &quot;Black Satin Dancer&quot; (which features, actually, contributions from all members of the band) and Martin Barre's fantastic guitar interlude at the beginning of the title track (much missed on live versions) alone justify this disc in any collection.  The real honors go, however, to the 16 minute masterpiece of &quot;Baker St. Muse&quot;--a surprisingly coherent, four subsection blend of soulful acoustic guitar and driving progressive guitar, with emotionally effective singing, clever lyrics, signature flute mayhem and orchestra.<br />&quot;Baker St. Muse&quot; is, in fact, a mise en scene for the atmosphere or timbre of the album as a whole, which very effectively contrasts and combines acoustic and heavy electric guitar in a way that Tull never would attempt again (apparently because they thought it was a failure).  The switch from the hard rock of &quot;Black Satin Dancer&quot; to the beautiful simplicity of &quot;Requiem&quot; is very affecting and effective.  And &quot;One White Duck/Zero Power 10 = Nothing at All&quot; is one of Ian Anderson's most glorious acoustic ventures vocally, melodically and lyrically:  &quot;I'm a black ace dog handler, I'm a waiter on skates, but don't jump to your foreskin conclusions, 'cause I'm up to my deaf ears in your cold breakfast trays, to be cleaned before I can dine on your sweet Sunday lunch confusion.&quot;<br />The consistent musical &quot;texture&quot; of Minstrel is rather amazing considering that the album seems to be a transitional point for Tull between their earlier stuff (however you want to characterize it), and their English folk-music influenced albums to come.  To be sure, Tull had attempted the blend of progressive blues and ancient English traditions in earlier music, but never for an entire album.  I suspect this is why Tull consider Minstrel their least favorite, insofar as they concluded that the particular marriage of prog-blues and Greensleeves achieved on Minstrel was not a happy one.  This is also why established fans will have problems with this album I think:  the folk-rock fans will be put off by the hard rock and lack of Celtic sensibility in places while the prog-rockers will think the progressive elements are lacking.<br />For those new to Tull, if I had to compile a CD of favorite songs, I would mostly range all over Tull's songs:  Pibroch, Heavy Horses, Song from the Woods, Hunter Girl, Farm on the Freeway, Chateau d'Isaster Tapes, Minstrel in the Gallery, Too Old to Rock and Roll;  if there was room I'd include all of Minstrel.  But if I had to choose only one album, then it would be without hesitation and without a twinge of regret for other songs that I would choose Minstrel in the Gallery.<br />I've been listening to Minstrel for about 6 hours steady now, while working and writing this review, and I see no reason to change discs.  That alone should serve as a recommendation.ld serve as a recommendation.
0385335482|5.0|I loved it!  I was laughing so hard that the people on the train thought I was deranged.  I couldn't put it down.  Buy it, keep it and recommend it to a friend.  I bought my best friend one for her birthday, she is a shopaholic in denial. :-)
B00003CXSP|5.0|I had heard mixed reviews about this movie however i same from the cinema transfixed by the horrific scenes produced and the acting very very good, a must to own! dont invite your friends for a chinese though to watch it!
B0000508U6|5.0|There are not many voices I can listen to for the duration of an entire CD - this one I could listen to non-stop for hours.  In fact, I have.  Right up there with DMB, 311, RHCP etc.  The songs are just perfect enough to leave you wanting more and wishing you could come face to face with the guy who penned those lyrics. Guys, buy this CD for your main squeeze.  Unless there is ice in her veins she will melt like butter.
B00003CXPD|3.0|My companion and I were quite disappointed upon viewing this film after all of the hype. It was very much a paint-by-the-numbers, Hollywood, feel-good screenplay. Although, if it were in fact produced by Hollywood, it would have been unsufferable. Good performances by Bell and Walters, but far too familiar in it's plot to be anything more than mildly entertaining.
0425152251|4.0|Marx accused philosophers of describing the world and failing to change it. One of the extremely innovatinve aspects of this book is the author's ability to demonstrate how the world would be if philosophers did indeed change it. Bizarre though Berkeley, Hegel and Leibniz may seem to us, Gaarder does a remarkable job showing us how the world would looks like through the spectacles of these thinkers. Sophie's World is arguably unparalleled in its ability to &quot;apply&quot; the philosophical discourse to the way &quot;the world is.&quot; Furthermore, there is no doubt that Gaarder pays very careful and too often neglected attention to the context in which the philosophers developed their theories. The writing is clear enough that a lay reader will have no difficulty understanding what is going on, and the plot is sufficiently intriguing. There is one area, however, where this book is a disappointment. The passages describing the philosophers' lines of thought and such what, largely standard stuff, read like entries copied out of an encyclopedia. Perhaps their nature compels them to be long and rather dry, but they can be shortened sufficiently, or divided up more so that theory may be presented by example in the plot, and so on. There is also a very awkward sense of discontinuity between theory and practice that this fosters. Finally, I disagree with his decision to restrict discussion about recent philosophy to Freud and Sartre. While understandable, the enormous influence in philosophy proper of characters like the Pragmatists, Frege or Heidegger gets little to no mention while a great deal is spent on pre-Hegelian romantics and other groups I consider not horribly important. Gaarder does demonstrate an interesting subthesis showing how the sciences slowly removed themselves from &quot;philosophy&quot; (from Ptolemy to Darwin)and perhaps Freud, placed in this context, is understandable. However, as this is a minor point, the work is nevertheless altogether enjoyable and uncontroversial when it comes to describing most of the philosophers.
B00004UEDQ|2.0|Although Sandra Bullock does a pretty good job considering her limitations as an actress, I found this film essentially boring. The romance angle is unconvincing as well as are the meant to be colorful members of her AA froup. It's been a while since we've had a propoganda vehicle for AA, e.g., &quot;I'll Cry Tomorrow,&quot; &quot;Days of Wine and Roses,&quot; so to me, the picture seem dated in that sense.  AA is not as successul as motion pictures would have us believe. although it surely is better than nothing.
0679731725|5.0|Kazuo Ishiguro's story of an English butler's reflection on his life is a subtle discourse on the consequences of not living life to the fullest, not &quot;seizing the day.&quot;  As Mr. Stevens journeys towards a meeting with a former housekeeper, Miss Kenton, with whom he had a strange and romantically unfulfilling relationship, he remembers events spanning the period from just after WWI until 1956 about which he has deep, though barely and belatedly acknowledged regrets.<br />Being a butler in one of England's great houses, Stevens witnesses meetings between many of Europe's high rollers.  It is only through remembering (a characteristic of Ishiguro's works) that Stevens comes to realize the gross misjudgements of his employer, a Nazi sympathizer.  Still, the ever loyal Stevens' defense of his former employer only shows cracks late in the novel, as his disturbing memories continue to surface.<br />Absorbed in his work, like his father, Stevens seems afraid to form close relationships and instead cloaks himself in the &quot;dignity&quot; he feels to be the most important attribute of a great butler.  His rationalization of the pride he takes in such a &quot;professional,&quot; yet colorless, existence is Ishiguro's subtle and ingenious warning about the regrets such a life eventually causes.  Indeed, Steven's own father waits until his deathbed to express his regret over not being a better father.<br />Stevens' relationship with Miss Kenton and the eventual climax are moving.  Their exchanges over the years reflect Ishiguro at his best.  Unlike The Unconsoled or When We Were Orphans, there is little here that would be considered dream-like, though Ishiguro shows why he is a master of creating a mood.  If you've seen the movie, you won't be able to help seeing Anthony Hopkins as Stevens, but it is still worth reading for all the added nuance Ishiguro brings to his characters.  Along with The Unconsoled, Ishiguro's best!
B000002TQV|5.0|As a 14 year old girl, when this came out, I was about 9. <br />The only memory I have of Radiohead then was a thin man sitting on top of a car or something in a dark coloured video, with a guitar riff repeating and a kind of wailing chorus. It influenced me without my reaslising it<br />I liked the song then but I didn't realise who it was until I bought The Bends 4 years later in 2000. My heart skipped a beat as I came to track 12 - the song I had finally come across the song I used to love!!(the brilliant street spirit) i think I'd been sub-conciously searching for it since I got out of manufactured pop and into anything guitarish.  Well Radiohead may not seem such an obscure band, but in the teeny bopping england of Westlife and Steps, it's quite a feat for a young person to come across a song by some indie band you heard years ago but didn't recall the name of. Ok maybe that's exaggerating but it really pleased me.<br />anyway...It's their best in my opinion, and even if you don't agree, it belongs in everyone's cd collection. Good music always comes back to you.
0783237979|5.0|I can't stop humming the songs, and I can't go one day without dancing &quot;Macavity&quot;.  My Favorite cats are Mistoffolees (Jacob Brent) Demeter (Aeve May) &amp; Bombalurina (Rosemarie Ford).  Rumpleteazer (Jo Gibb) Is another favorite of mine.  And when they make mistakes, I just want to watch it more because it gives me hope (I'm sorta clumsy).  For passover, all I wanted was CATS on DVD!!!
B000056BSA|4.0|Despite its simplistic plot, which drags in a few (and far between) places, Woman On Top is an adorable and passionate love story.  Penelope Cruz has got to be one of the most beautiful women in the world, as well as an incredibly talented actress.  The smooth Latin music added a sensual, moonlight-breezy atmosphere throughout the fairy tale, creating lovers' candy on film.  At the end of this movie, I felt a little sexier, a little happier to be a woman.  We do have quite a bit of power if you think about it, ladies...But, damn, I wish I had a Brazilian accent.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Some of these reviews are pretty disrespectful of a giant in the music industry, possibly the biggest in the industry.  I  have been collecting bootlegs since Bruce started the 1999 tour and none of them come close to the quality of these discs.  Also, for those of you that thought some of the songs lacked energy, I bet you are feeling differently after watching the HBO special.  They were bigger than life.<br />The only things I would have changed about the cd was the placement of &quot;Born To Run&quot; (it fit better after Tenth on the HBO special) and the edits to &quot;Tenth&quot;...the parts left out that were shown on the HBO special were really funny.  Besides that, this disc is the best live cd I've bought since Bruce's box set.  We should respect the man and his amazing talent instead of trying to put the cd down.
B00004Y87O|2.0|I rented Escape from New York because I had never seen it and I heard it was a good sci-fi action flick. But this really isn't a good sci-fi action flick. In fact there's hardly any action it it! Kurt Russell get's chased by some crazies and a crazy shoots the &quot;Duke&quot; but other than that this movie suffers from a huge case of poor pacing, or lack of pacing period. I guess this movie could have gotten one more star from me if i had seen it when it came out in the early 80's but now with so may other action and sci-fi movies that have tons of action and on whole are just a lot better (T-2:Judgement Day, The Matrix) I can't say I even really enjoyed this movie. I don't recommend it.  If you want sci fi infused with action rent saomething by James Cameron. I will give Carpenter credit though for coming up with a cool premise.  But the whole idea was not fully realized.  Also Carpenter is a god-awful composer and should defintely stick to directing.  The movie is pulled off with style, and Snake is one of the coolest characters ever created in an action movie but other than that there's not much else that's good that can be said of this desloate wasteland of a movie.
B00002DE2T|5.0|One of the first and best thrash metal bands of the eighty's!!! You can't go wrong with this CD if you are a true fan of thrash metal music. The Opening and title track song Bonded by Blood is Blistering &amp; Powerful. This CD has no low points too it, nor does it have mindless fill songs to increase the length of the CD. This CD also contains 2 live tracks that give you a feeling of what this group does infront of a live crowd.  Do yourself a favor and order this CD!!! you won't regret it
0671798154|3.0|If you are a fan of Clive Cussler's Dirk Pitt series, and you enjoy fact-based fiction WW2-style, then this is for you.  It was kind of a fun read with our hero being all-knowing and completely indestructible by the fumbling Nazi party (including members of the Wermacht, SS, Gestapo, Berlin Police, and the militia).  The characters were more than a bit thin, which actually worked well enough in this story because there was very little to invest yourself in.  More action and adventure than real plot.<br />I must say that I did enjoy the read, much as I enjoy movies like &quot;Indianan Jones and the Temple of Doom&quot;, but it is not a first-rate thriller nor is it first-class literature.<br />If you like the genre and would like a more compelling read, try Spandau Phoenix or Black Cross by Greg Iles.
B000051S3H|1.0|I had seen all other versions of Jane Eyre including the original with Orson Wells to the &quot;Blond version&quot; with William Hurt and the &quot;hunk&quot; version with Timothy Dalton.  I felt compelled to buy this one as well to round out my comparisons.  Although I love George C. Scott as an actor, in this film, his &quot;Rochester&quot; lacked the passion and definition of the character in Bronte's  novel.  Compared to the other film versions, Scott and York are lackluster in their portrayals.  Although a movie of this length can never be entirely true to the book, this version leaves far too much of the original story out.  The purchaser would be better off spending their money on  another edition of the story.
B000056V73|2.0|The tone of this movie left so much promise from all the trailers put out upon its release.  When I finally rented it last weekend, I was quite dissapointed.  The fifteen year old genius seems out of place on the road with the fictitious band Stillwater.  This fifteen year old does not even have any passion for rock n roll music.  He is just a good writer who happens to be underaged.  The only reason he was into music was because his sister left him a handful of records.<br />The comments about the rock n roll era being on its death bed and that Cameron Crowe arrived just in time for the death rattle is ludicrous.  1973 was the golden age of rock n roll as many styles of music were still considered cool.<br />The road trip scenes were pretty interesting and the presence of the groupies seemed like they were depicted fairly accurately.  However, the pace of the movie just dragged and dragged with little of consequence that was in any degree memorable.<br />In general, this movie was not an all out disaster.  However, it definitely missed its mark.
B000059Z8M|5.0|Toy Story 2 has that added ingredient for sequel success - Joan Cusack. Just as in Addam's Family Values, she brings her enthusiam to an established character, but allows the original actors to maintain their charm.<br />Tom Hanks and Tim Allen reprise their original voice roles to brilliant effect. As long as I don't have to look at them, they're terrific. Toy Story 2 runs a little longer than the original, so it bumps along a couple of times, but the screenplay contains enough gags and &quot;action&quot; sequences to keep you from noticing. Sometimes, screenplay-by-committee works! <br />Watching the credits, you can realize what a corporate entity Pixar has become (look at all the lines for the Finance office!), it's amazing that they are able to make a movie that is both so disarming and full o' heart.
B00000IPAX|1.0|I loved dude Ranch because every song was amazing and catchy...and i loved Chesire Cat more because it was true punk. So when I got this album I almost died. Enema of the State is the biggest piece of garbage since the new Less than Jake album B&amp;B. The only decent songs are the Party Song, Anthem and Dont leave me. Blink should be ashamed of themselves trying to pass off All the Small Things as punk. I almost didnt buy the live Mark Tom and Travis Show but in that live album it redeems Enema of the State somewhat. If you are a true punk fan and not some stupid 12 year old whose loves NSYNC and Smashmouth go get some real punk bands like Dropkick Murphy, New Found Glory, Less than Jake (there old stuff), MXPX or NOFX or if you want to experiance the real Blink-182 before they sold there souls go buy Dude Ranch of Chesire Cat
014028009X|4.0|I gave in and decided to read Bridget Jones's Diary - finally.  O.K. I admit I'm not in my thirties, and wasn't single in my thirties, don't live in London, so I simply can't relate to Bridget and her singleton friends.  A number of my friends had recommended it, and thought that the book was hilarious. I found parts of the book rather humerous, and I loved her eccentric mother and her mid-life crisis.  Although not the best book that I have read, it was moderately entertaining, a fast read, and worth the effort.
6300163431|5.0|probably one of the best films ever made and one of the most underrated. I saw it first on its release and have seen it more times than I care to remember since.  It took more than one viewing for me to appreciate its true genius. Alan Parker has captured the ominous mood to perfection. Mickey Rourke is the perfect choice for 'Harry Angel' (Why oh why did he abandon Hollywood??) and De'Niro gives another classic performance. Want a journey into your own 'dark side' then watch this film. Not for the faint hearted. Its no surprise this film is now gaining the recognition it deserves. Why so long I have no idea. Probably because it didn't fit into the brainless 80's 'Arnie and Stallone' action flick mould
B000056K04|5.0|A lot of reviewers are saying that Dave Matthews Band are essentially selling out on this new CD. I disagree. A lot of new styles are used on this new release (Dave playing the electric guitar for one). When I first heard &quot;I Did It&quot; I didn't care for it that much, but when I first bought the &quot;Under The Table and Dreaming&quot; album back in '93 I didn't like it that much either. The feeling doesn't last that long though and the new style, however subtle it may be, grows on you. Like all of the major studio releases from The Dave Matthews Band this one has a lot new stuff we haven't heard before and the ever changing style they have added seems to work great. So many bands fade away, but these guys keep it changing and keep us enetained. The new album is awesome, and a must for and DMB fan.
0440219078|5.0|This is one the best books i have ever read. You really have to read it twice though to understand it completely. I have read the book many more times than that though because the story is so brilliant. Its a little hard to describe it because you can't know its true meaning until you actually read it. I read it when i was in 6th grade and I still love it 3 years later. Adults even appreciate it; I've heard many adults also say its one of the best books I've ever read. If you like reading, you'll love this book. If you don't like to read, maybe this book will change your mind. Peace y'll! ;-)
B00005AFVR|5.0|This two disc set, coupled with the absolutely amazing HBO special which aired on April 7, reveals just why Springsteen is called the Boss: there is no one who can claim to be a better live performer.  It is clear that Bruce is able to achieve something that so few artists are able to: he can be serious yet enjoy himself.  Bruce has fun when he can and pulls back when he needs to.  This set best captures this as the recording and selection of the tracks are excellent, far superior to the 1975-1985 boxed set released over 15 years ago (the box set, however, is still excellent as well, just not at this level).  There are already many talking about the track selection, however.  This is understandable because Bruce has an absolutely amazing catalog.  When you're a living legend, stuff like this happens.  Rest assured, the versions of the songs offered here are amazing with the two best quite possibly being the new tracks never before (legally) heard on record, &quot;Land of Hope &amp; Dreams&quot; and &quot;American Skin (41 Shots).&quot;  Whether you're a die hard Bruce fan or are just getting interested, this set has something to offer.  With hope Bruce and the E-Streeters will continue working in the studio on a new album - until that day pick this gem up and enjoy the world's greatest performer, the hardest working man in show business, Bruce Springsteen.
6302824613|5.0|I saw Casino Royale when I was five years old and have seen it over 30 times. I absolutely love this movie and would recommend anyone seeing it too. The photography is wonderful and Herb Alpert's music is catchy throughout the movie. If you don't like the movie, then get the soundtrack. The soundtrack is awesome and it was a favorite tune of mine way back when I was five. I still play it to this day. The movie is funny,hysterical, and just plain enjoyable. Mike Myerson got the idea of Austin Powers from Peter Sellers' Evelyn Tremble character. The goofy glasses and that awful chest hair. When Sellers is in the shower, you can see his awful physique and chest hair. Sellers is a comic genius although not the best looking leading man. David Niven is always a class act with his wonderful wardrobe and accent. The movie is not clear in the beginning with M's death. He is killed by SMERSH, but he gives a signal with his cigar to blow up James Bond's house. Is he with SMERSH or just trying to get Jams Bond out of retirement? That is the only thing I can't figure out after 30 years..... Enjoy the psychodelic 60's.
B00000DFTH|5.0|I've never heard Black Sabbath before the day that i went in to my friend who worked temproarly in a music shop. I knew that Black Sabbat had some very good riffs so I asked my frien if I could listen to &quot;Reunion&quot;. I listened to &quot;Black Sabbath&quot; and &quot;Iron man&quot; and I fell in love with that record. I went home to get money to buy it one hour later and that is one of my favourite records. I think that the heavy opening of &quot;War Pigs&quot; is great. I also like &quot;Snowblind&quot; and every other song on that record. A tip for everyone who likes a good Metal record: BUY THIS ONE!!!!!!
B00003CXB2|5.0|Just like everyone else I have 5 stars for it. But, damn what where they thinking when they designed the box. I could not get the discs out after trying for a while. I was scared I might break them. So, I simply decide to break the center teeeth that hold the DVD to take it our safely. Too bad I can't put them back in such a nice looking box.
6305546789|5.0|Noone is a bigger Michael Myers fan then I am. What can I say that hasn't already been said a million times before? Michael is the man under your bed, the man in your closet and the man inside your head. He scares me and I dont get scared. Dont mess with this guy, and prey your last name isnt Myers!<br />Halloween is among my top 10 films of all time. Its THE horror film PERIOD.
B000002G7E|5.0|This is probably the most insane (but in a good sort of way) Velvet Underground album out of the 4. <br />  White light/White Heat is full of experimentation with styles, sounds, and craziness. It is one of the most creative Albums I've ever heard; Being packed with innovative ideas and just awesome music, it is one of my favorite albums.       My pick for the coolest song on here would go to Lady Godiva's Operation. Cale sings the first half, then he and Reed finish each others lines! There are background sound effects and briefs pauses in the song. Godly! Get this album, you will definently not be disappointed.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I like U-571 a lot. I am not pretending to be some big war movie critic but I think that this film is among the best submarine films of all time. It is based on a true story and is well acted with a decent plot. To me the star of the film is the special effects. Everything looks so real (and makes older sub flicks like &quot;Red October&quot; hard to watch in the special effects department).<br />I like this film and have watched it a few times. Note: A good surround sound unit is a MUST for viewing this film. It sounds excellent.
0525945636|2.0|Ken Follett's tale of a rocket scientist that stumbles into a web of international espionage has a great premise, and great promise.  The plot is interesting, the writing descriptive, the characters have some depth.  <br />While it took very little time to read this book, I found myself thinking it probably took Mr. Follett equally little time to write it.  There are some logistical details that just don't match up.  Several other reviewers have mentioned these; the Central Time vs. Eastern Time thing, the date of Armstrongs moon-walk, etc.  There were several other discrepencies in the story.  One that really caught me that is rather incidental, but still shows a lack of attention to detail is when Dr. Lucas &quot;checks his watch&quot;, even though he is wearing a suit of stolen clothing.  Where did the watch come from?  <br />I am a fan of escapist fiction.  However Mr. Follett in this work has underestimated his reader.  When creating a parallel existince for the reader to immerse his/herself in, take time to do your homework.  This is not so much Mr. Follett's faux pas as it is his editor's.  If Mr. Follett were a football player, it would be time to look for a new strength and conditioning coach.<br />Again, this book is certainly entertaining, if inconsistent.  The premise is good, but the end was transparent by halfway through.  For a quick read, this was certainly a quick write.  Mr. Follett, your readers and fans expect more.
0790734850|5.0|L.A. Confidential is an excellent movie from start to finish. The cast is amazing with Kevin Spacey, Danny Devito, Russell Crowe, Kim Bassenger and my favorite actor on the film, Guy Pierce who played rookie cop Ed Exley. <br />One of my personal favorite films, easily in my top 5 of all time. If you dont got it...what you waitin' for?
630575067X|3.0|Some fans had been waiting over twenty years to see the first installment of the Star Wars series.  They wanted to see how these stories all started.  They had seen episodes four, five and six; they were impressed.  They queued for a chance to see the previews; they were impressed.  They waited impatiently, some slept on the streets, so eager to get a ticket for the Phantom Menace, they saw Episode 1.  They were unimpressed.  How surprising!  Nothing is worse for a film than a mountain of hype built up prior to it.  It will never, ever reach those lofty expectations.<br />Thankfully my expectations were low.  I enjoyed the first three Star Wars movies but my enjoyment never matured into an obsession.  They were fine, not great.  Science Fiction was never my favourite genre.  But still, I had to see Phantom Menace.  It was the biggest grosser of the Summer, even if it came with unflattering reviews. <br />Away from the hype, The Phantom Menace isn't bad, not bad at all.  It's not a great film, but neither were the other three, or at least they never aspired to be great movies.  Phantom Menace can surely hold its own when looked at against the other three installments, and as a science fiction film it is most definitely above average.<br />Plaudits go to the casting directors.  Liam Neeson is noble, Ewen McGregor embodies the iconic Obi-Won with a grace that was expected and Natalie Portman is adept at what is essentially a dual role.  The weaknesses are Jake Lloyd, a child with a touch too much confidence for the role.  Casting a child must be impossible.  How do you balance the cutesy factor from the annoying factor?  They failed.  The other principle player was CGI created and popular opinion suggests Jar Jar was a mistake.  I don't.  He was fun.  <br />Director Lucas keeps the immortal opening title sequence and the equally recognisable wipe cuts.  His direction is fine, it is his writing that fails.  A tax dilemma?  Why such a snoozeworthy plot?  It seems Lucas has fallen in love with his world a little too much.  To be fair though, the action scenes are exciting.  The battle scene is powerful cinema, better than the acclaimed pod-chasing moment.<br />The Phantom Menace does more than enough to satisfy normal cinemagoers.  Unfortunately, Star Wars are anything but normal so satisfaction is not guaranteed.
B000001OAA|5.0|i just recently bought this album, and i am glad i did.  while it is not quite as good as the follow up, Version 2.0, i listen to this album all the time and never grow tired of it.  it is a great car cd.  the best thing about Garbage is that they make complete albums, it flows wonderfully and the lyrics are great.  buy this album you will not be upset.
B00003CX7L|5.0|The biggest compliment that can be paid to Toy Story 2 is that it is on a par with Toy Story 1.  You see, Toy Story was not just a wonderful movie, it was a piece of cinematic history.  The first time that computer animation had been used to film a full length picture.  Toy Story 2 had to compete with the technical brilliance of its forefather and its immaculate storytelling.  It succeeded.<br />In the sequel, Woody is stolen by a toy collector and it's up to Buzz and the rest of the cast to go get Woody back.  Seems like a pretty basic plot but the writers flesh out their characters brilliantly.  Woody experiences the trappings of fame when he finds out that he is the doll of a famous TV cowboy.  Some of the more dramatic elements concern a female version of Woody who watched her owner grow up and grow tired of her.  A heartfelt song borders on the sentimental but it somehow works.  The comic elements come from the rescuers.  A trip to a Shopping Mall is inspired, especially a meeting with Barbies.  &quot;I'm a married spud, I'm a married spud&quot; says Mr Potato Head fearful of infidelity.  But the most impressive comic moment is the resurrection of the fearless Buzz Lightyear.  The reformed Buzz Lightyear is less funny than he was in the first movie so to counter this we are introduced to a newly opened Buzz.  All the old trademarks are back - of course, he doesn't know he's a toy, but this Buzz is even more of an idiot.  It's great.<br />Tim Allen and Tom Hanks voicework is very important to Toy Story's success.  Hanks voice can portray so much emotion and Allen epitomises cockiness.  The rest of the toys are well developed and wonderfully voiced.  My favourite being Slinky voiced by Jim Varney.  <br />John Lasseter deserves every award going for this series.  It is a truly remarkable success story.  Yet I hope there isn't any more as I can't see them topping the first two.  Even the Godfather had a lousy third.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I didn't like the CD that much at first, but after a while, I thought it was actually very good. It was pretty nice music to dance to.
B00000AD94|5.0|Until I bought THE LIGHT, my favorite album ever was Yes' CLOSE TO THE EDGE. I didn't think anything would ever usurp what I considered the pinnacle of music in all its forms. I also loved Genesis, Gentle Giant, some ELP (though they were too much at times), some King Crimson, and even some Rush. More than twenty years later, THE LIGHT is released, and it becomes my favorite album ever. As a woman who works very long hours with few friends who share my taste in music, I think it's hard finding excellent progressive music of the 70s caliber. I was lucky to buy THE LIGHT on a whim after reading something about it. Spock's Beard is of the same quality and originality that I loved in the 70s.<br />I love Neal Morse's voice. His vocal stylings are very pop influenced, making for very catchy melodies amid the complex compositions. The difference between Spock's Beard and other progressive bands is that Morse is a very humble songwriter, staying away from the pretentiousness that other bands indulge in. He exercises peerless songwriting in the genre. Spock's Beard has all the things I love about this kind of music: complex, multifaceted compositions, lots of mellotron and Hammond organ and piano, chunky Rickenbacker bass, and memorable vocals. <br />My favorite song here is the 24-minute epic The Water, a wonderful story of a man's defeat and rebirth. It reminds me of Pink Floyd at times, Gabriel-era Genesis at others. The other songs are reminiscent of Fragile/Yes Album Yes and Genesis. <br />I have all of Spock's Beard's cds now, and they are all excellent. But I recommend starting with THE LIGHT, which is my favorite.
B000000OS2|5.0|I've just reciently been turned onto Tesla by this very CD! This CD, even if you don't like any of the other ones, you will instantly fall in love with! This is a must have for any classic rock lover!
0525945636|2.0|The spy story was told well and could have been a nice read if one could forget the absurd premise, overlook glaring historical inacuracies, and unbelievable happenstance.  <br />I guess, time to move on to another author.  Too bad.
B00005ARDC|5.0|I got this album a little while ago and at first it didn't blow me away, there's a whole lot going on in a small space of time that you can't pick up at first listen. In time though this album and these songs started to infect my mind and subconscious with melody's and dark poetic lines that ran together in circles and bend in your stomach like wrench. The massive sonic scope of this album is something you would only get on a Pink Floyd album or some Spiritualize jamout that lasts way to long to be interesting but BRMC holds it together at every twist and curve keeping it's self from becoming just like that. This album is a perfect coin of both raging defiance and gentle harmony. <br />I couldn't help but think of My Bloody Valentine and Spiritualized  when i first listened but i don't think those bands are as complex as this album, if you look at their lyrics and just musically as a sonic sculpture this album has a lot more going on. I heard the stuff about this guitarist being in Brian Jonestown Massacre and the bass player being son of The Call's Michael Bean which seem like good things being both Jonestown and The Call were cutting edge for their time the punked out aggression, the nonconformists overspills it seems into B.R.M.C. if not in the lyrics but the harsh tones of &quot;whatever happened to my rocknroll&quot; and &quot;spread your love&quot;.<br />Neverless, i really just wanted to say that this album is **** brilliant and I hope people give it a hard listen cause your gonna miss it if you don't. There's a lyric one of the last songs on my CD that says &quot;I Keep My Head Up High To Ease My Mind of All These True Sensations&quot;  Now, I'm not sure if all that's keeping but it's amazing writing that makes this album better than anything else I've heard to in a long time and that's undeniable my droogies.
0140288503|5.0|Nitpick all you want about whether Somalis got their due, or whether the 10th Mountain Division were misrepresented... you will not find a better account of modern warfare and the horror of combat than &quot;Black Hawk Down.&quot; As a military narrative it ranks with &quot;Day of Infamy&quot; (Lord) and &quot;The Killer Angels&quot; (Shaara) as instant classics of the genre. NSDQ and &quot;Hoo-ah!&quot;
6305627401|3.0|I loved the morbo of this movie...it think it was excellent but they had to include the spanish audio or spanish subtitles in this DVD...i had the chance to listen the spanish version on DTV and it was really &quot;diferent&quot; from the English obscene words...a REAL MUST HAVE because South Park is very popular in Latin America...so i dont know why they missed the audio or subtitles...
0140288503|5.0|Nitpick all you want about whether Somalis got their due, or whether the 10th Mountain Division were misrepresented... you will not find a better account of modern warfare and the horror of combat than &quot;Black Hawk Down.&quot; As a military narrative it ranks with &quot;Day of Infamy&quot; (Lord) and &quot;The Killer Angels&quot; (Shaara) as instant classics of the genre. NSDQ and &quot;Hoo-ah!&quot;
6303109950|4.0|For a nice Saturday afternoon of video watching include this one.  After the conclusion of the series of Clint and Sergio's &quot;Spaghetti Westerns&quot;  I pretty much gave up on expecting to see anything decent in the WESTERN category.  What a delightful surprise!!  Russel is good, but boy do I love that Val Kilmer as Doc Holliday! It was also great to see my man Sam Elliot albeit in a small supporting role.  This movie is definately worth owning.
